[Music]. black mirror Bandersnatch now not only gives you the ability to make bad choices for yourself, but also someone else. when watching the show, you might feel like dr. strange, trying to go through every possible scenario in order to find the best one. so but those who haven't got 5 hours to spare, in order to work through every version of Stefan's journey, I decided to break down every possible ending for the new black mirror event. I pieced this together from a breakdown posted online, which shows every outcome, and through working some myself. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything and then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. okay. the first possible ending comes once the fan accepts a job at Tucker soft and is forced to work in a team and rush out his dream Bandersnatch, receives zero stars from the best stress critic in the game, and forces Stefan to defiantly say, I'm starting again. this is most likely the ending that the majority of people will come across. it's a good little one that pretty much informs viewers exactly how the show will work early on, the broken computer. the broken computer ending comes when Stefan has the choice to either yell at his father or pour tea over his computer. people who can't be bothered to go any further can just tip the tea, destroying the computer and then rekindle the relationship between Stefan and his father, which doesn't involve chopping him to pieces after you murder him, which we'll get into later. but it's quite a nice little, happy ending, isn't it? you did the right thing. well, don't you the jump. the next available ending comes when you follow Collin instead of going to therapy. Collin will offer you LSD. but either way, this doesn't really make a difference. if you decide not to take it, the character spikes you anyway and discusses the alternative realities that exist before offering you a chance to tell him to jump off the building or to kill yourself. killing yourself ends the story, and Bandersnatch, gets finished without the character medication. the next available option comes when Stefan is given pills by his therapist. most viewers probably decided to flush these. but those who didn't, we'll see if flash forward to Christmas, West a fan seems slightly happier. he's been on medication for months, and the game was released on schedule. however, the best dress critic in the game decides to give it just 2.5 stars after stating that it seems like the Creator was an autopilot, which is what happened to me a bit when I fell asleep during my third watch through and just let the choices play out themselves. and now they're broken computer. those who flush the pills will be given another chance to destroy the computer, that I'm sure many will avoid if they decide to smash it up, like you should smash the like button on this video. though, they'll be treated to another ending that ends the show pretty abruptly, similar to the one before. Netflix ending, yeah, one of the best settings you can get is when you choose to tell Stefan that he's actually in a black mirror episode on Netflix. doing so will send the character quite crazy and make him realise that he's being controlled. wait, what if we are in a show now that is about controlling someone else on TV, and it is actually Netflix that are controlling us anyway. doing this will send the character back to therapy, in which the therapist notes that if this was a TV show, and it would be a pretty boring one, that doesn't need to be three hours long. she promised Stefan for some action. and this can go either one of two ways. you can either fight her and then your father, which leads to you being taken away, or you can opt a jump out of the window. doing the latter will completely shatter the fourth wall, and we get the reveal that Stefan is in fact an actor that is just doing an episode of black mirror. the director states that the window jump wasn't scripted, and a medic gets called due to Stefan's injury. wait, what if we're still in the episode now? no, the murderer ending with Stefan now aware that he is being controlled. he gets the feeling that someone is driving him to murder his father, similar to the way that Jerome F Davies was driven to murder his wife. several finales end up with Stefan in jail for killing his dad, with some leading to his game being widely received as a 5 out of 5, and others getting negative. there was a special ending that I got that surahs leap forward and take charge of Colin's daughter in present day, who has been tasked with recreating Bandersnatch. this controversial move is an update on Stefan's recreation of the book, and could ultimately lead to pearl becoming a murderer too. however, after she discovers Stefan trapped within the code, reliving his choices, she decides to destroy the computer, ending the show, the Train ending. this is arguably the best ending you can get, and it's slightly similar to the original final scene from the film, the butterfly effect. in this Stefan goes back in time to when he was a child and manages to retrieve his toy from his father's safe with the password pitarrio. Stefan is then given the choice to go with his mother or not, and if he does, then he dies on the train with her. - it turns out that she was always meant to be on that train, and that's the fan didn't actually delay her like he thought. we then flashback to the present deceased, a fan died in his therapist's share after fixing the biggest mistake of his life. so what ending did you get? and what did you think of the show? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of all the choices I made and my first run-through, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you liked, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. man. I wish when I was watching infinity war, I had it got thought to aim for the head. why did I choose the chest? No [Music]. you 