hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 science fiction horror film, a quiet place. so let's get started. in 2020, most of Earth's human and animal populations have been wiped out by sightless creatures. the creatures attack anything that make noise, have hypersensitive hearing, an indestructible armored skin. the Abbott family, Evelyn, Lee, deaf daughter, Regan, and sons Marcus and Bo, communicate with sign language and scavenge for supplies in a deserted town. bo is drawn to a toy, but Lee takes it away because of its noise. Regan returns the toy to Bo, and he activates the toy when the family's walking home, causing a creature to kill him. over a year later, regan struggles with a gill over her brother's death, and evelyn enters the final stages of pregnancy. Lee attempts the upgrade Regan's cochlear implant, but the devices fail. Lee takes Marcus to teach him to fish. Evelyn goes into labor earlier than expected. she steps on an expose nail and drops glass, alerting a nearby creature. she wants the others with red lights. seeing the lights, Lee instructs Marcus to set off fireworks. Lee finds Evelyn hiding with their newborn son, and takes them into the soundproof barn basement. Lee leaves to find the other children. evelyn falls asleep, but soon wakes to discover the basement is flooded and a creature is stalking her. Regan and Marcus hide on top of a grain silo. a hatch door gives way, and Marcus falls into the silo. the sound distracts the creature that was stalking Evelyn, and it targets them. Reagan's implant emits a high-frequency sound that drives the creature away. they reunite with their father. their creature returns and wounds Lee. while the kids hide in a pickup truck. seeing his father hurt, Marcus shouts, tracking the creature, Lee sacrifices himself by yelling. the kids roll the truck down a hill and reunite with Evelyn and the baby. they retreat to the houses basement. when the creature returns Regan, who realizes that the sound her implant makes the stresses the creature, places it on a microphone. the creature exposes the flesh beneath its armored head, and Evelyn shoots to kill it. with their new knowledge of the creatures weakness, the members of the family armed selves to fight back. so that was a spoiler for a quiet place. if you have a film you'd like to see a spoil, let us know in the comments below. check out Molly's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 