welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spider-man, reporting live from the Daily Bugle net. and this morning, a big plot breakdown of spider-man 3 made its way to the web through sources that are apparently very close to the scripting process of the movie. throughout this video, I'm going to be breaking down everything that you need to know from the leaker post, including all of the plot details, what they could mean for the film and where the movie could be going. now there will be potentially heavy spoilers here. and whilst all leaks like these should be taken with a grain of salt, we had covered a lot of leaks in the past that have turned out to be true, such as Joker, Avengers, endgame, a game of Thrones, terminate, a dark fate and so on. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined it, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now make sure you subscribe to the channel to keep up to date with all the leaks and spoilers on the upcoming movie. and without the way, thanks for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the spider-man 3 pot leaks. ok? so these come from reddit user no sale 7 on the Marvel studio spoilers thread. and this place is normally 50/50 on plot leaks, with some being pretty much correct and others being completely made up. I'll let you decide as we go through it. but unlike a lot of the ones that turn out to be lies, this is extremely detailed, and it flashes out the entire story, picking up right after the events of spider-man, far from home. the user said that they have a source that told them that these are key plot points from a very early draft of the movie, and it picks up not long after the ending of the aforementioned film. the user said that in the opening of the movie, peter is raided and arrested at his home by cops and SWAT team members. are very early on in the film. Peter is tried in court and sentenced to life with no possibility of parole and a maximum-security prison. much of the first act is court proceedings and Peter adjusting to life in prison, before all of the convicts and even gods start trying to kill him. now, there is no mention of daredevil here, which was an aspect that was originally rumored to be in the film, with Peter seeking legal counsel from Matt Murdock. this was apparently going to be the point that the Netflix shows were revived before going forward on Hulu as their own entities. but at moment, excluding that, this does line up with things that have been reported on in the past. Peter discovers there was a huge contract put on him by someone on the outside calling himself the benefactor. some of you may remember the benefactor from ant-man in the wasp. and before the collapse of the Disney Sony deal, it was rumored that at the end of far from home, this would be revealed to be Norman Osborn. however, this leak changes that up, which I'll get into later. there's a couple of red herrings here and there, but eventually, it does line up with what other sources have said so far. the bus carrying him and other prisoners is intercepted in the middle of the city by Kraven, the Bounty Hunter, as they call him in the film. Kraven coldly kills the prisoners and dupes it out with Peter. Peter manages to escape Kraven badly beaten, but he is free. now, a fugitive from the law and being chased by people who want him dead, Peter disconnects himself from everybody he knows, only ever reaching out to happy by a payphone to ask him for help, if possible, and to leave a message for his friends and family. he is otherwise resourceless. we find out the mysterious benefactor is actually Quentin Beck, who is still alive and working behind the scenes to get rid of spider-man before returning as the renowned Mysterio. this lines up with the ending of far from home, with a lot of people believing that Mysterio was the good guy due to the footage reported on by Jay jonah Jameson now, disappointingly, JJ isn't mentioned at all in the plot leaks, which sucks, as he's someone I think the studio would be desperate to get back, especially with how hyped everyone was from the post-credits scene afar from home, the awesome rumors that he will be popping up at some point in the upcoming Morbius movie, but we will see when that is released next year. much of the second act plays out similarly to No Country for Old Men where it's a cat-and-mouse game between Spidey and Kraven. Peter spends much of the film with no web-shooters and a new, but rough, handcrafted spider-man suit. this is Cravens first time being tasked to kill a superhuman, and is clearly having fun with it, almost taking it easy. Pierre is caught in a race between trying to clear his name upon discovering that Beck is alive, and also trying to avoid the law and Kraven, along with other small-time hitmen and villains who pop up along the way. Beck becomes increasingly frustrated with Cravens failure to kill spider-man, and we find out this is crave last hunt, as he has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and he's savoring it. he honestly just doesn't want to kill a kid. though. this kind of lines up with the psychology of the character as well as major parts of his rich history. and Craven has always been a kind of antihero, which this plot leaked, manages to capture beautifully. Beck threatens to kill Kraven if he doesn't get the job done, and afterwards, we discover that Quinn himself has a benefactor, none other than Norman Osborn, who is running for Senator. Norman eventually exposes Beck as a fraud and proves Peter Parker is innocent, which swings public opinion in his way before the election. Norman gets the credit for reopening the investigation and finding the truth before he's elected. the final battle between Kraven and spider-man is brutal. they get sandwiched by police and ends in Kraven nearly being killed by an extremely anger Peter Parker. Kraven tells Peter where Beck is hiding, and Peter lets him live. Peter goes to Beck's hideout, which turns into a big illusion, which Peter defeats. Quentin is arrested, all his belongings and evidence are seized, and Peter is exonerated. Peter reunites with MJ Ned and May, and he visits dr. strange, who offers to make the world forget. and Peter Ponder's the question. and the credits roll. and that's all of the leaks that we have. honestly, if this is what we end up getting, and actually be pretty happy. this really feels like the perfect tying together the spider-man MCU trilogy, and it has a lot of big reveals, twists, and also amazing set for the future. spider-man 3 has been said to be the characters, quote-unquote endgame by Marvel CEO Kevin Feige. and this is packing a lot of elements to it that makes it seem like it certainly will be that. this was also said to be spider-man's darkest chapter, and due to all of the things that are going on in it, it certainly comes across like that. I like how Norman Osborn uses the clearing of Peters name as a springboard to get more power for himself. and we all do kind of know that spider-man won't be thought of as guilty by the end of the third movie, so when they do clear his name, is a smart move for it to spiral into more problems. this aesthetic has always been a big part of spider-man stories, and watching him go from one problem to the next is what keeps the characters so relatable. so I definitely think that it's a really inspired choice. I do like that Mysterio returns as well, as I always had a lot of questions about its death. just something about it didn't feel that satisfying. and if he does return alongside Kraven, then, yeah, that's gonna be an awesome addition. both Tom Holland and director John Watts have said that the next character that they want the webhead to tackle is Kraven. so if this is someone they bring in, I won't be mad at it. Craven's last hunt is an outstanding graphic novel, and it would be brilliant to see that play out on the big screen, as those who read it know just how good it is. I am kind of still shaky if this is something that we will definitely get, as there are certain bits here and there that I'm unsure of. but as far as pot leaks go, this is way more detail than the usual bunch that we get, which are normally just about 300 words long. unlike then, this is expensive, heavily detailed, and it seems like a structured storyline with a three-act narrative that touches upon past events such as the benefactor. well, it's also creating new elements. this sounds a lot like some of the things that we've heard are going to be present in the MCU going forward for phases 4 and 5. so yeah, I am more on this side that this could turn out to be true. if it doesn't, no, this was still a great read, and I am pretty psyched for this. and if you're a big spider-man fan as well, then I'm sure that this definitely has you pumped to there's nothing here that I really dislike. and often plot leaks have me scratching my head, but this one seems pretty tight. so yeah, I am happy with it. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these leaks. and if there's something that you want to see. do you believe them, or do you think that we'll get something completely different? comment below and let me know. and if you love this video, 3000, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our full breakdown of everything that we know so far about Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness, which would be linked at the end. we go over the plot details, tie-ins, release dates and more. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to see why this could be Marvel's best movie yet. if you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey, or head over to my discord server, which will be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, then that's the best place to be. it's free adjoin, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning, it's like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on spider-man 3 in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen today, on the 15th of November, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 