welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about lolita. in 1947, humbert, humbert jeremy irons, a middle-aged european professor of english literature, travels to the united states to take a teaching position in new hampshire. he rents a room in the home of widow charlotte hayes, melanie griffith, largely because he is romantically attracted to her twelve-year-old daughter, dolores dominique swain, also called blow who he sees while touring the house. obsessed from boyhood with girls of approximately her age, whom he calls nymphates humper, does immediately smitten with low and marries charlotte, only to be near her daughter. charlotte finds humbert's secret diary and discovers his preference for her daughter. furious, charlotte runs out of the house when she is struck by a car and killed. her death frees humbert to pursue a romantic and sexual relationship with lowe, whom he nicknames lolita. humbert and lo then travel the country, staying in various motels before eventually settling in the college town of beardsley, where humbert takes a teaching job, and lo begins attending beardsley prep school. in all girls catholic school, humbert and lo must conceal the nature of their relationship from everyone, strangers they encounter when traveling, as well as the administration at beardsley. they present themselves to the world as a father and daughter. over time, blows, increasing boredom with humbert, combined with her growing desire for independence, fuels a constant tension that leads to a fight between them. humbert's affection for low is also rivaled by another man, playwright claire quilty, frank langella, who has been pursuing low since the beginning of the pair's travels. low eventually escapes with quilty, and humpert's search for them is unsuccessful, especially as he doesn't know quilty's name. three years later, humbert receives a letter from lowe asking for money. humbert visits low, who is now married and pregnant. her husband, richard, knows nothing about her past. humber asks her to run away with him, but she refuses. he relents and gives her a substantial amount of money. blow also reveals to humbert how quilty actually tracked young girls and took them to pavor manor his home in parkington to exploit them for child pornography. quilty abandoned her after she refused to be in one of his films. after his visit with lowe, humber tracks down quilty and murders him. after being chased by the police, humbert is arrested and sent to prison. he dies in prison in november of 1950 due to a coronary thrombosis. and low dies the next month, on christmas day, from childbirth complications. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 