story recap here. today i'm going to explain a drama, romance film called molena. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. renato, a 13 year old boy from castellcuto, italy, recalls the day eel ducey mussolini spoke to the nation and announced that he was declaring war against france and great britain. that same day, renato received his first bike. excited, renato rides back to his friends as mussolini's announcement plays on from speakers throughout the city. when he arrives, they commend his new bike, before sitting down on the side mesmerized as they watch malena walk down the street. melena is the daughter of their latin teacher, professor bonsignori. and as she moves past them, the group speeds away on their bikes multiple times, trying to keep their eyes on her, admiring her beauty. renato stares intensely at her every chance he gets. later on, the group of friends heads to their latin class. renato contemplates the whole day, still in all at malayna's beauty. the next day, the group of friends hangs out by a cliff, measuring their manhood as they talk about melania. renato's friend mentions an encounter he had with malena, annoying ronaldo and prompting him to tease his friend. afterwards, renata skipped school and rides from elena's house where he daydreams about malena calling out to him and asking for cigarettes. however, his daydream is cut short as he stares at melania's house with the doors closed. at home, his father is furious at him for skipping school, getting teased by his friends and getting his pants altered. later that night, ronaldo sneaks out of his room and goes to malana's house again. climbing a tree, he peeks through a hole in the window and looks inside the house, finding melana lying down on a couch. curious, he watches malena walk around, listening to the radio, before he spots a photo of her husband, nino scordia. in a barber shop. the following day, the men inside talk about malena and how she arrived in their town for nino, who's currently fighting in the war. when renato's number is called, he complains to the barber, asking him why he can't sit at the adult chair. of course, the barber simply tells him that he's still too young. after his haircut, renato goes back to melena's house, spying on her with a telescope and watching her as she drives herself by her garden. later on, renato climbs to the window, peeking through a hole to watch her work with her sewing machine. as he watches, renato was surprised to see melena's dress slightly falling off, revealing a part of her body. later on, she starts dancing with a picture of nino, while a song plays in the background, until it's time for her to return to her rome. the following morning, renato heads to a music store and asks for a copy of the song playing in melania's house. once home, he plays the song while looking at crude photos of women, and he imagines them all as melania as he falls asleep. the next day, renato returns to the cliff he and his friends hung out in, and he tries writing the lane letter. there, he professes that he doesn't listen to the town's gossip and that he's the only man for her after her husband. renato then rejoins his friends as they race to try and find molina again. then he makes up an excuse to leave his friends before catching up to melina. when he sees her, the men from the town are watching her walk along the road. the men greet her, but she keeps walking along while blankly staring at the ground. one man greets her, kissing her hand repeatedly, and all the other men watch with jealousy. moving on, melana stares at lieutenant cuddy standing by a balcony, before quickly removing her gaze from him. as she arrives at her destination, renata sees her catching a key for a door leading to an apartment. later on, in laughing class, some of the students make crude jokes about molina, disgusting renato. as the students leave, renato watches the students walk down the stairs to spit on them. after this, renato heads to a repair man to fix his bike. and from there, he spots molina again. renato could only watch her while the women in town gossip with each other, sickened by melania's presence. one of the women compares her to gina an escort in the town. melania heads for the apartment again, with renato still following her. he then climbs the gate nearby to see who malena is seeing, revealing it to be her father. later in the night, renato is at home, touching himself as he listens to the song again, thinking of malena all the way. the next day, during their morning exercises, one of her natto's friends informs him that ninoscordia has died in battle. later, renato attends a memorial for nino. during the memorial, two girls get giddy as they stare at lieutenant kadey, talking about how handsome he is. after leaving, renato returns to professor bonsignore's apartment and sees molina in bed crying and grief over the loss of her husband. in renata's imagination, he goes to melania's side, comforting and assuring her that he'll be there for her, before melania hugs him. later, during nino's funeral procession, melania poses as the virgin mary, looking dreadful, while a very concerned renato watches her from below. after the procession, he overhears some of the town's people gossiping and slandering melania, yet again, angering ronaldo and spurring him to spit in their drinks. and urinate in their bags. renato then leaves for a church and praise to a saint, asking him to protect molina from the town's people. leaving the theater, renato heads out, and he soon spots melania leave a store. the men from the store talk about her crudely, and when renato overhears this, he throws a rock at the store, breaking the window, then riding away. after that, renato sits close to melania's house and a battalion of german soldiers walk by. when elena enters her home, renato walks over to her yard and grabs a pair of her underwear before running back to his bike to head home. back in his room, renato touches himself again, holding elena's underwear close to him and imagining the two of them together until he falls asleep. the next day, renato's father walks into renato's room and finds him still asleep with the underwear draped over his head. his father throws a fit, telling hernando that he's ashamed of him, while the rest of renato's family catches on. after scolding him, renata's father locks him inside his room, while ronata's mother burns the underwear. she cries in shame. three days pass and renata's mother is concerned for her son, who hasn't eaten yet. then she complains about how the fascists treat them. the following day, a doctor visits renato to check on him, and he informs his family that he needs to get out. afterwards, renato rides his bike to malana's house again. and the streets are now filled with more people and vehicles. arriving there, he sees lieutenant carey, along with other men staring at melena's house. as the day goes by, renato is in the middle of a report in class, when suddenly a man comes in and hands a letter to professor bones, ignoring, in a letter, someone wrote that the professor is dishonored as his daughter's been sleeping with the whole town. heartbroken, the professor leaves his class, and the students are left to gossip about the letter. insulted, renato fights one of the students, all while imagining himself as a gladiator from elena. at night, renata returns to melania's home and finds lieutenant cuddy inside speaking to her. renato is angered by what he sees, especially when lieutenant cubby kisses malena before saying goodbye. on his way out, the lieutenant bumps into the dentist, dr kusumano. the dentist berates him for pestering malena, who he calls his fiancee. kusimoto slaps lieutenant kai first, and though the lieutenant initially refused to retaliate, he fights back. when he gets slapped a second time, the two fight, and it isn't long until dr usuman's wife arrives with the police in tow. she furiously calls her husband an adulterer. and while the police try to break up the man's fight, she goes in front of melania's house, cursing her and telling her to steal husbands from her own village instead. meanwhile, renato can only watch with an incredulous look on his face as the police start arresting the two fools. the following day, the townspeople gossip about last night's incident, arguing over who was at fault. many expressed their shock over malena supposedly having two lovers, and they mentioned that the professors already quit his teaching position in disgrace. the people also point out that melania should go to court for luring a married man. renato overhears this as he walks by, then starts looking for melena. again, back in her father's apartment, molina tries to unlock the door, but the key doesn't fit. renato, watching from the side, realizes that the professor has given up on his daughter. and he just stares at melania with a worried look. later on, melania walks to attorney sen torby's office, asking for counsel before proceeding to court. inside the busy courtroom, renato watches while melena is put to trial. the judge proceeds to ask molina questions about the dentist in their relationship, melania tells the judge that dr kusimano only visited her once to give medicine for her father, and that he lied about being her fiance. when the judge asks about lieutenant karahi, malena tells him that their relationship is no concern of the law. however, the judge informs melena that, because of the incident, lieutenant kadey was questioned in a judicial inquiry before being transferred to albania. with that, he asks his clerk to report lieutenant cuda's statement disappointed, melania listens while the clerk informs everyone that lieutenant katee had a casual view of his relationship with molina, and he claims that they were only friends. attorney centaurby then starts speaking passionately, defending the lena and blaming dr kusimano, as he makes a case that melania's only sin is her beauty, and that she only wants to live a new life after her loss. when the court is dismissed, melania and attorney centaurby head back to her house and they dance while ronaldo watches from the window. melena and centor be talked for a while before century makes his move on her, telling her that the only payment he wants is melania herself. renato watches in horror as centaurby forces himself on elena, trying to make her love him in an attempt to get a better view. renato moves to another branch, but it breaks, making the boy fall. the next day, renato returns to the church and talks to the saint, telling him that he forgives melania for what she did last night. he then tells the saint that he didn't protect melana, so he breaks the saints arm to make them even in class, renato continues to think about malena, and he writes a letter to her, professing his love for her and how she doesn't deserve a man like century. renato then imagines his professor as malena, but is cut off when his professor scolds him for doing the wrong activity. renato storms out of the class, and he pushes a statue, making it fall off and break. afterwards, renato is with his family in the tailor. while renato has long pants fit for him, his father listens to the radio where there are talks of the continuous allied bombings. leaving the tailor, renato then spies on centaurvi, who is visiting his mother. renato watches and laughs when his mother hits him, screaming at him in disapproval of malena. after that, renata follows century and finds him together with a teriyad malena. and there they in their relationship. this fills renato with relief, and he goes ahead to the barber shop. after this, renato continues to follow melania. while she's being pestered by men along the streets. she passes through an alley to avoid attention, and all of a sudden, she slows down. when ronaldo sees this, he thinks that molina is walking towards him, so he slows down as well. to his disappointment, melina walks past him and approaches antonio, a man who gives her food. as renato watches on, he suddenly hears loud engines, signaling the arrival of the allied planes, and making renato run to his bike to escape. while the allies start bombing parts of the town. after the bombing run, renato runs to one of the destroyed buildings where soldiers pull professor bones ignore his body. shortly after, melina, together with her father's students, joined the funeral procession for the professor. as he is put to rest, dozens of men line up to molena, offering their condolences. renato lines up as well, only to be cut off by an older man. and he eventually moves away when he sees more men whispering into melania's ear. after the funeral, melania returns home and starts cutting her hair and washing up, while ronaldo helplessly watches from the door. a car suddenly drives up to melania's house, making renato hide antonio's friend, salvatore, exits the car and knocks on elena's door. after greeting him, she welcomes him inside. from the hole in the window. renato is in tears as he watches salvatore immediately force himself on elena. while salvatore pleasures himself, melania stares coldly at the ceiling, leaving ronaldo to storm back home in his rage. the day after, more germans occupy the town. while ronaldo walks along the streets before seeing molina. the site completely transfixes him. as melania now has red hair, and she's wearing reviewing clothes. the men around her look in amazement, and the women look at her with complete disgust. while she makes her way to a table. blank-faced, melania gets out a cigarette, and all the men around her offer a lighter. renato watches disappointedly. the next morning, renato listens and watches his men inside the barber shop see elena with blonde hair. now she's with the escort gina, and together they serve the germans there. because of this, renato imagines the atrocities melania and gina do with the germans in their hotel, before eventually passing out. renato's parents pick him up from the barbershop and they take him to the church where they have him exorcised, as his mother believes that he is possessed by the devil. afterwards, they take him to a house by the sea for some rituals. outside, renota's father cries in disapproval, believing that renato only needs to sleep with a woman to kill him of his foolishness. after the rituals, renata's father takes him to a brothel. and inside, renato carefully chooses before settling with a dark-haired escort. the two then move up to a room where they begin hooking up. later on, the allies now enter the town free and castle kudo of german influence. renato celebrates, and he happily rides one of the american jeeps. suddenly, a group of women storms a building and they pull out malena. the women start beating her on the streets, and they tear off her clothes, publicly humiliating her. horrified, renato couldn't do a thing as the women cut her hair and curse her for sleeping with her husbands. once they were done, elena is left helpless and bloodied, crying out in pain and humiliation before the women cast her out of town. shortly after, renato rides to the train station and sees molina boarding without ever speaking with a woman he yearns for the most. renata watches leave in a cliff where he and his friends hang out. a miserable looking renato sits and stares at the record of the song he first heard in melania's house and tosses it off the cliff and into the sea. back in town, a car comes to a stop, letting a man step out of it. as he walks along the streets, the people recognize him, revealing the man of the ninoscordia, mulena's supposedly dead husband. renato follows nino enter his former home, surprised to find refugees there and that his wife has disappeared. renato continues to follow nino while he makes his way into an american office. there, he relays what happened to him, with renato listening on, nino then desperately asks the americans to help him find his wife. with renato still telling him, nino approaches former government officials, asking if they know where to find milena. the officials just laugh, annoying nino and making him confront the officials before one of them slaps nino to the ground and leaves. renato helps broken up nino to his feet, and with that, the man returns to his home. sitting by the bed, nino is in deep thought when suddenly, renato drops a letter beside him. nina tries to run after the boy, but he eventually reads the letter, where he learns that melania had always been faithful to him and that she left for massena. with his discovery, nino boards a train to messina, while ronaldo watches. time passes and the town goes on with its usual day. renato is with a girl when everyone suddenly stops and stares at nino, now reunited with his wife, molina. and together, they returned to castell kudo. the townspeople could only watch the couple in awe, and they ignore everyone as they head back to their home. afterwards, in the market, melania walks and a dozen people stare at her, with everyone making comments. as she moves from store to store. two women stare at her, and melena looks back, then greets them. they greet her back. and suddenly the people in the market begin to act normally again, going about their usual business. once melania finished shopping, renato comes up on his bike, and he watches the object of his long-standing fixation walk home. on her journey home, some of the tomatoes fall from her back. renato helps her, causing his hand to brush against hers as he places the tomato back in her bag. finally, he speaks to her and wishes her good luck to this. melania nods and walks away. as renato watches her leave, he thinks about how, in spite of being with numerous women, the only one he will always remember is melana. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 