welcome to the man of recaps. this is the bachelor, episode 7. this week, Peter and the girls travel to Lima, Peru. there are only six girls left, and it's really getting serious here, because next week the top four go to hometowns. the first one-on-one is with Madison, who's been front-runner since episode 1, but that was also the last time she had a one-on-one day. Madison is very pretty. she's nice and seems normal. they have a great date, fishing and then making out on a boat. Peter loves making out on boats. this was a big moment for him in last season on The Bachelorette. he's clearly fallen for Madison. it's hard to see how anything could mess this up. unless at dinner she mentions religion. yeah, apparently she's much more religious than she's led on so far, and talks about how faith is super important for her and her future husband to have. Peter's not that into it, but he is into her, so he's like, yeah, I know. I mean, you know, God's cool. this might become a problem later, but for now, he says he's starting to fall in love with her. and these two are having a grand old time. the next day is finally a one-on-one with Natasha. they do the classic walking around the city date, as I explained last week. they eat some funny food and then dance to some funny live music. this is, in fact, the strangest live music they've ever danced to. Natasha is really a great girl. she's funny, down-to-earth. but as you might expect, after just one real date, Peters not ready to take her into hometowns, so he lets her go. he then dramatically stares off the balcony as the orchestra plays. sometimes the show is just too much. the final one-on-one this week is with Kelsey. they ride ATVs up the mountain and have a beautiful view to roll around and make out. she preps Peter to meet her family, talking about how her dad left when she was young, and recently she's reconnected with him, but her mother doesn't know yet. - and this matters, because Peter does give her a rose. it's certainly gonna come up in hometowns. this means there's only two roses left for three girls, and they're going on a group date. Kelly is feeling very confident today, because looking at her competition, Hannah and what, 23 years old Viktoria apps, hot mess. yeah, Kelly might be the easy choice for a normal dude in the real world, but this is the bachelor, and Peter loves the drama. first he talks with Hannah Ann, who is the frontrunner, only second maybe to Madison. she wrote him a list all the things I love about Peter, and that's the way to a man's heart. then he talks with Kelly, who keeps using the word fun to describe their relationship. girl, that might work in the real world, where you don't want to get too serious too fast. but this is the bachelor at this point, Peter doesn't want we have fun together. he wants a serious love connection that has you bursting into tears all the time. speaking of bursting into tears, it's Victoria F I think there might be something legitimately wrong with her. she is crying constantly. she and Peter have an on conversation. they don't successfully discuss anything. it's like, every single time we're together, I feel like you're always in a mood. hey, I'm not in a mood. in fact, he takes Victoria away first leads her to the SUV. is he gonna send her home? no, just kidding. it's a fake out. here's your rose. I guess he thinks all this crying is the sign of a real deep relationship. plus, like I said last week, she's got a rockin body too good to send home before fantasy suites. so it comes down to Hannah Ann and Kelly. and to no one's surprise, except for Kelly herself, Peter picks Hannah Ann. so Peter has his final four girls, and next week he's visiting their hometowns to meet their families. the preview for next week shows three out of the four dates going extremely well. but surprise Victoria if something goes wrong. and oh, maybe she's walking out. also, they dropped the Madison bomb, that she is a virgin, saving herself for marriage. we know Peters a guy that likes to have sex, so this is gonna cause some drama. plus the crazy twist at the finale they teased at the beginning of the season. how is this all gonna go down? find out next week on The Bachelor. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV. and movies, so don't miss out. [Music], 