[Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. so what is up youtube. it's your girl evelyn. and i am back with a season three recap of wynonna earp. as always, i will be spoiling the entire season, so proceed with caution. let's start by addressing season two's major cliffhangers, the weird cult of [ __ ] vibes between nicole and dolls, and the reappearance of mama erp, aka michelle gibson. despite first seeing her meditating on the side of a cliff, mama erp hasn't been living wild and free in the purgatory backwoods. she's actually locked up tight in purgatory max, and has been ever since she allegedly ran off when the girls were young. so how did we see her on the cliff when she's really in prison? oh no, that this. it's this whole, this whole crazy thing. wynonna has been visiting her mom on the dl for quite some time, but michelle made her promise to never tell waverly, for reasons that will be made clear soon enough. as for nicole and dolls, thankfully, they're not bolshar's newest cult members. when nicole heard bolshar's name last season, it gave her some unexplainable heebie-jeebies, so she asked dolls to help her research the former sheriff clooty. turns out, every seven years, someone or something massacres a bunch of people in bolshar's name, and bbd has been covering it up since the 1920s. as a child, nicole attended an ill-fated music festival in purgatory, but thankfully slipped away before the bolshar-themed massacre began. afterward, bbd swooped in and staged the whole thing as a forest fire. and nicole subsequently repressed the memories until now, at the start of season three, it's been four months since the gang vanquished bolshar spider wives, but there's still no sign of the demon himself. that is, until a bus full of sparkly vampires rolls into purgatory. the vamps enchant everyone, then offer up the townsfolk as a sacrifice to bolshar, causing this season's big bad to slither out of hiding. the gang easily defeats the hypnotizing vamps, with the exception of one, the count tessa, aka big nose kate, aka doc's sexy secret wife, because apparently everyone on this show has a sexy secret wife. although kate's a vampire, she's far from evil, and her feelings for doc run deep. she sets up house at the empty gardener estate, where she drinks blood and reads tarot until she's needed. around this time, dole starts feeling bad, and the off-brand bbd serum that jeremy and rosita cooked up for him last season is no longer cutting it, because, unbeknownst to everyone, without bbd's official secret sauce, dolls is as good as dead. after a fun side adventure in which the revenant buffalo bill kidnaps waverly bolshar and his demon lieutenant pop up, and in the resulting standoff, dolls sacrifices himself to save the gang. ex-bbd sergeant ramon quinn, a friend of dolls we've never heard of before, drops in to attend his wake. afterward, wynonna sends ramon packing with instructions to find bbd and destroy those pesky blood oath contracts she and the gang were forced to sign last season. this might be a good time to check in on mama earp after wynonna tells waverly the truth about their mother, waverly pays michelle a visit, but turns out mama erp is big crazy and threatens to kill waverly, calling her a demon. waverly touches michelle, and a terrified looking michelle tells her that the demon is now unbound. soon after, mama erp breaks out of prison, and we discover that when waverly was born, a demon attached itself to her with the sole purpose of torturing and killing her. michelle tried to unbind the demon from waverly, but accidentally bound it to herself instead, setting the bar on fire in the process. but to the casual observer, it looked like mama erp was trying to burn down the barn with waverly inside, which is how she got 20 to life. waverly's unbound demon twin takes the form of a woman named jolene, who bakes tasty mind-controlling pastries and also tries to kill waverly. but jolene's no match for the irf women and wynonna. waverly and michelle vanquish her, or a tree eats her. either way, she's gone back to bolshar, who's still trying to end humanity. he starts kidnapping people and turning them into trees for some reason, which is how we meet robin, a jazz historian moonlighting as a park ranger. robin informs the gang about the sudden proliferation of bleeding trees in the forest, and he also catches jeremy's eye. on their first date, that's not really a date, they stumble upon an ancient staircase in the middle of the forest that disappears at will. in the midst of the gang's investigation, wynonna meets charlie, a sexy firefighter who saves her from a falling tree branch. and this doesn't bode well for a winona and doc's on-again, off-again relationship. and after wynonna fails to say the l word, doc lets kate turn him into a vampire, because doc makes terrible, terrible decisions. after robin gets kidnapped by some trees, wynonna and charlie follow his trail and stumble upon bolshar's human to tree factory. they take out his minions, but bolshar gets away. back at the homestead, waverly questions her mother about the identity of her real father. michelle tells waverly that her father's name is julian, and he was sweet, kind and gentle, oh, and an angel. unfortunately, on the night of waverly's birth, he disappeared without a trace. michelle, now, feeling some type of way, questions bobo about julian's whereabouts. and because bobo knows literally everything, he tells michelle that her baby daddy number one pushed her baby daddy number two out of the ghost river triangle. and while julian didn't melt like a revenant, he did lose his memory, and as far as bobo knows, he's still out there wandering. michelle decides to ditch her girls and go after her angel boy because priorities. she also lets bobo out of the well. meanwhile, bolshar raises his fave wife, constance clooty, from the dead and sends her out to terrorize the gang and gather some intel. wynonna takes out constance with peacemaker, and the poor thing doesn't even put up a fight. with the help of juan carlos journal, the gang figures out that bolshar is turning folks into trees so he can use their roots to find the garden of eden. that's right, the ghost river triangle is home to the biblical garden of eden. and bolshar wants in, or should i say, he wants back in, and he's getting close. all he needs is the key that opens the door. bolshar traps wynonna and doc inside some kind of subliminal hellscape designed to trick wynonna into relinquishing peacemaker, because turns out, peacemaker is the key to the garden of eden. also, at some point, the real mercedes pops up. waverly heals her jacked up face with bolshar's ring, which is actually julian's ring that bolshar stole from him, because bolshar is just an enormous prick. with jeremy and waverly's help, wynonna and doc break out of bolshar's hellscape, but not before winona gives a peacemaker. bolshar turns peacemaker into a sword and inserts it into the staircase. but he still can't enter the garden. you must be mortal to pass through, and bolshar is definitely not mortal. oh, and you guys remember charlie, wynonna's most recent conquest? well, long story short, he's actually julian. that's right, charlie is julian, waverly's angel daddy and wynonna's daddy, daddy. when waverly touches julian with his own ring, his memory returns and he fills in the last of the blanks. julian was tasked with guarding the entrance to the garden of eden alongside fellow angel juan carlo. but when the angel boys realized the serpent was back in the ghost river triangle, juan carlo took the form of a priest and removed the garden's security system a flaming sword, he searched for a champion to wield the sword and defeat the serpent. that champion was wyatt earth. julian takes his place alongside the earps. and because they're all probably gonna die anyway, waverly proposes to nicole with her daddy's ugly but super powerful ring. nicole doesn't immediately say yes, probably because she's still getting over the shock of being purgatory's newest sheriff after nedley's untimely death, jk, nedley's fine. he just retired. volshar and his minions attacked the earp homestead and face off against wynonna and her army of revenants. wynonna convinced the revenants to fight for her, and she re-buried the ammolite blocking talisman so they could enter the homestead. but the battle against bulshar is mostly a ruse. what the demon really wants is to steal some of winona's blood, which he does. also, his new lieutenant, bobo, who just cannot stay out of [ __ ], kills angel baby julian, and then waverly kills bobo. and i have a feeling that bobo just might stay dead this time, mostly because bolshar uses winona's blood to break the earth curse, which means no more revenants. not to mention, breaking the curse makes bolshar mortal, and he can now enter the garden. it also means wynonna is no longer the erp heir and no longer has wyatt's powers. wynonna and bolshar have their final showdown, mortal to mortal, and our girl gets the upper hand and vanquishes bolshar, but not before he bites her injecting her with deadly venom. fortunately, doc pops up seconds later and sucks out the venom. and while all this is going on, a creepy tree branch comes out of the garden and kidnaps waverly. wynonna is unable to enter the garden, but doc can, which makes absolutely no sense, because doc is definitely not mortal, unless you know, he somehow is. winona returns to the homestead to rally the troops, except the troops are missing, and the name valdez is scrawled across the wall. with no peacemaker, no doc and no powers, wynonna meets up with nedley, literally the only person left in purgatory, and sets off on a mission to rescue her little sister. and that is it for the recap. thank you guys so much for watching, and i'll see you in the next one. 