welcome back to horror recaps. today i will be showing you a horror slash thriller film from 2017 titled death note. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. at the beginning of the movie, light turner, a high school student in seattle, washington, is seen solving some quiz questions in exchange for money, as the other students play football. suddenly, a storm hits the place, followed by heavy rain, and a book comes plummeting down into the ground beside light. the words death note is written on the front cover. he picks it up before running into the campus to save himself from the rain. on the way, he sees someone bullying his two friends and confronts them. he taunts the boy, but receives a heavy punch in return, and is knocked out unconscious. the principal finds out that he has been doing homework for 15 of his friends and asks for clarification. light argues that his injured face is a more important topic to discuss. but upon retaliation, he is sent to detention for two weeks. while in detention, he takes out the book that had dropped beside him and starts reading the first rule in the book states that the human whose name is written in the note shall die. the second rule states that the note won't take effect unless the writer has the person's face in their mind while writing his slasher name. as he turns the pages, the lights suddenly go out, and he sees an eerie-like figure in the room. light panics and tries to run out of shock and desperation, but the door closes itself and everything in the room starts flying. it turns out that the figure that light is trying to run away from actually is the death god ryuk. light then finds out that the leathered book that he found is no ordinary book, but as the death note. ryu convinces light to write the name of kenny doyle, who is bullying a girl outside, and asks him to also write how he wants him dead. light writes kenny doyle in a decapitation in the book and watches in anticipation. immediately, a series of events take place outside, which starts from a lady's grocery bag ripping and ends up in kenny's head getting decapitated by a ladder. ryuk laughs maniacally, as light is in utter shock. ryuk leaves the scene after telling light that he can use the note if he is brave enough, and if not, he can keep the note separate from himself for seven days, until ryuk finds a new owner. cut to the next scene, and light argues with his dad, james, on how, even after being a cop, his dad is letting anthony scomall, the perpetrator of light's mother's death, roam around freely. ryuk comes into light's room again and explains to him how it is possible to even control the person for two days before killing him. ryu continues by saying that each death must be physically possible. light writes anthony skomal in the note and sees his picture in a newspaper to memorize it. the next day, he gets the news from his dad that anthony had died after impaling himself with a stake knife in yet another freak accident. the father and the son atoned for the argument that they had last night. light is reading the book, and mia, his secret crush, joins him to talk about kenny's accident. mia insists on reading the book that light has with him. as soon as she reads it, ryuk appears, and light tells mia to turn behind it turns out that mia can't see him, as ryuk is visible only to the keeper of the book. light explains to me about the book, but she does not believe it. light tries to prove it to her and demonstrates the mystical power of the book by writing the name of a criminal who was keeping a girl hostage. as soon as he writes his name, the criminal is run over by a police van and is killed. mia is impressed and discusses with light that both of them now can control the world. light and me are into each other and are talking about how they can solve all the crimes in the world by killing all the bad guys. light thinks of the name kira, which translates to light in russian and celtic and killer in japanese. they plan to use this name to carry out the killings. mia thinks that people can trace the origins back to light himself, but he is confident that this will not happen. the television reports how several prison inmates across six different continents have died, and how the investigators are trying to figure out the name kira, written in perfect japanese, that the victims had left behind kira goes on a killing spree, leaving several criminals, terrorists and drug cartels dead. kira's impact grows large as news of several wanted criminals surrendering themselves over the fears of kira is now circulating everywhere. the people and police both also start supporting kira because of this. detective l is a mysterious and popular japanese detective who conceals half his face with a mask. is drawn by the killings, and he believes that the suspect is actually from seattle. he also indirectly concludes that the suspect can only kill the victims by knowing their faces and name. l holds talks with james and tells him that the suspect has access to the police database and he can help him find kira. james suspects that kira is someone from inside the police department. elle holds a press conference and reveals to the media that kira is not an omnipotent force, and is rather a person. l also announces that he only kills those convicts whose names have come out in the media. and declares that he is surely a student and that he is coming after him. l antagonizes kira, as he believes that he needs a name and a face to kill a person, and for that very reason, he cannot kill l james is not amused at l stunt. light is under the suspicion of l and is being followed. mia suggests writing the name of the agent who is following them in the book, but light refuses it because he thinks that it would make him even more suspicious. ryuk, who seems to follow light everywhere, supports me as thoughts. mia is somewhat angry at light for not punishing the evil people, as they have stopped writing names for a few days. mysteriously, 12 fbi agents who were investigating the case commit mass suicide by jumping off a tall building. together. light suspects reviewed to be behind this. james condemns the killings and announces on television that kira is nothing but a self-obsessed criminal who is not worthy of all the attention he is receiving. mia and light watch this on tv, and mia is about to write jaime's name on the book. light takes the book away from her hand and tells her that she should leave him, and that ryuk has turned both of them into maniacs. light even confronts ryuk and warns him that he will write his name on the book and he will not hand the book over to anyone. ryuk laughs and tells him to try l in his investigation room. is certain that light is kira. light is at one of the restaurants, and suddenly el comes face to face with him. al shows him his face and tells him that he was very brave to not kill his father. light accepts, but argues by saying that it is a much more complicated case than what elle thinks. mia is waiting for light to arrive and wants to make amends for the other day. light tells her that he now has elle's face and that he just needs his name so that he can kill him. light uses the death note and controls al's associate, watari, and orders him to get elle's real name. he plans on getting the name and burning the page which has his name to spare him from death. ryuk reveals that light can only spare a person once in that fashion. hypnotized watari wakes up from his sleep and says that he doesn't know of l's real name, but tells that l was an orphan and that his information would be found in his birth city of montauk, new york. light then orders him to find the name before 48 hours, to which rotary obliges. watari's absence troubles al, and he goes to light's house to find out the truth. l reveals to james that light is kira, but james does not believe it. l even threatens light that if anything happens to atari, things will end badly for him. al has a search warrant, and the officers ransack lights home. the notebook, however, is sneaked out by mia. before they find it out. light and mia are at the school dance party to hide from the surveilling police officers. light enters an isolated area and calls [ __ ] to ask about elle's information. watari says that he is almost there and that he needs a bit more time. light tells him that they didn't have time. and when he turns the book to burn the page with watari's name, he finds it torn off. he tells rotary to run, but it's too late, as he is shot dead by two police officers. light seems outraged at ryuk. light talks to mia about it, and finds out that it was mia who had torn off watari's page and made the police officers commit suicide. he also finds out that mia always wanted to be the keeper of the book, and that she had written like turner's name on the book. she then offers to burn his page if he turns the notebook over to her. light hurriedly reaches for the book and writes something on it. he is pursued by police officers, but he runs away. meanwhile, elle learns of watari's death and becomes unstable, leaving on a personal manhunt against light. while james orders l to be detained. l chases light all the way through and captures him. as light is about to explain to him about how the book works, l is hit by akira follower, and light runs away with his gun. light meets mia in the giant wheel and takes it to the top. mia asks for the book, but light tells her that if she loves him, she should not take the book. it is revealed that light had written me his name on the book because he was upset that she wrote his ryu collapses the wheel, and light holds on to mia as a large crowd watches in horror. after a long struggle, mia falls to the ground, while light falls onto the water. mia is dead, but light survives. the page that had light turner heart stops beating at midnight written on it, traverses through the air and burns. as l watches. l is told by his senior at the fbi regarding the deaths of four new people, while light is still in coma. they believe that light is not kira, and that else calculations have cost the many officers. meanwhile, we see a man drop the death note on light's bed as he is in a coma. elsewhere, a distraught l is about to head off to japan. just before taking off, he remembers something important and quickly gets off the plane. light is seen in a hospital bed, remembering his moments with mia, with the death note in his laps. james enters the room and is seemingly sad. he shows like the newspaper cut out with anthony scolm's news on it, saying that it had gone missing from his safe. and he finally knows that his son was cura all along. he then tells his dad about how he planned everything on the night of the jail incident, he had used the death note to hypnotize a criminally charged doctor to rescue him and put him in a two-day coma, while having another criminal retrieve the death note and continue kira's killing before handing it to light. this way the police would rule out light of being kira. light continued by explaining how he had planned me as death all along, and how his page was meant to be torn off and burnt, saving his life. meanwhile, detective l storms into mia's house and searches for clues. he looks for a calculus book, and inside there, he finds a page from the death note with names of the dead. police agents l with shaking hands, writes someone's name on it. while james and light have a conversation. reich hysterically laughs at light, and upon being asked why he was laughing, he replies, you humans are so interesting. the movie ends. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. [Music]. you 