welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about identity. a convict named malcolm rivers awaits execution for several vicious murders that took place at an apartment building. journals belonging to malcolm are discovered, ms filed in the case, evidence not introduced during the trial. malcolm psychiatrist, dr malik and his defense attorney argue that the evidence was intentionally suppressed by the prosecution and moved to stay rivers execution, contending that malcolm is legally insane. with this late evidence brought forth, a midnight hearing takes place to determine if the journal is adequate evidence to grant their motion. meanwhile, 10 strangers find themselves stranded in the middle of a torrential rainstorm at a remote nevada motel run by larry washington. the group consists of an ex-cop now limousine driver, ed dakota, caroline, suzanne, a washed up, irritable actress, officer rhodes, who is transporting convicted murderer robert main paris, nevada, a prostitute, newlyweds lou and ginny, easiana and the york family george, alice and their nine-year-old son, timmy, who is in crisis because alice has been struck by ed's car. with both ends of the road completely flooded, the group is forced to spend the night at the motel. rhodes handcuffs mane to a toilet in his room to prevent him from moving about freely. as everyone is settling down for the night, susan is attacked by an unknown assailant after she leaves her room looking for a cell phone signal. ed hears a loud banging noise outside as he's laying in bed, venturing outside and discovering suzanne's head in a dryer along with the number 10 motel key. maine is suspected to be the killer, who is found to have escaped his captivity. ed alerts the others about suzanne's death and maine's escape. lou and ginny get into a fight, leading them back to their motel room. ginny locks herself in the bathroom as they argue through the door, but lou later starts banging in a frantic manner and goes quiet. jenny slowly unlocks the door, only to see a silhouette approaching with a knife, as she screams and retreats to the bathroom. again, she jumps out of the window, and the other guests find loose corpse in the corner of the room, stabbed to death. at the hearing, the contents of malcolm's diaries are revealed, indicating malcolm suffers from an extreme case of dissociative identity disorder, harpering 11 distinct personalities. his journal contains entries written by his different personalities, each with distinct handwriting and prose as if they were the personal thoughts of several different people. his defense attorney argues that malcolm is completely unaware of the crimes for which he is being executed, which is in violation of existing supreme court rulings on capital punishment. dr malik is introducing the concept of integrating the personalities of someone with dissociative identity disorder. when malcolm arrives strapped into a wheelchair, while taking photos of lou's crime scene and talking with paris ed, finds the number nine key in lose bloody hands. he begins to suspect that the killer is counting down and targeting them in order. meanwhile, mane is making his escape over the wet terrain, but strangely, finds himself right back at the motel, having gone full circle. rhodes spots main trying to hide. he and ed subdu main in a brief struggle. they tie maine to a pole, and larry is appointed to guard him. but larry is later seen away from his post mane is discovered to have been killed with larry's own baseball bat, with the weapon sticking out of the corpse's mouth in a grisly manner. rhodes and ed find the number eight key next to maine's body and harass larry, who grabs paris and threatens to cut her if they continue to accuse him. paris wrestles him off, and the freezer is opened accidentally to reveal the frozen body of the real motel manager. larry runs away and attempts to escape in his truck, but he accidentally crushes george against a dumpster as he tries to save timmy from being run over. rhodes binds larry with rope to a chair and tells the other guests that they're going to stay together until dawn, or he'll shoot the next suspect larry tearfully tells them the story of how he came upon the dead body of the manager and started running the motel for him, convincing paris and ed that he's not the perpetrator. alice, still in bed, is checked on and presumably has died from her injuries. but rhodes finds the number six key. george's body is recovered from the front of larry's truck, and the number seven key is found in his pocket, which confuses the others. ed tells ginny and timmy to flee in a car near the edge of the motel, but it explodes, leaving no trace of the two behind. the last four survivors discover that the bodies of all the previous victims have disappeared. paris, yelling in hysterics at their unknown assailant, says that her birthday is the next week. it transpires that all 11 people were born on may 10, which is also malcolm's birthday and the day he committed the murders. ed leaves the other three and checks their id cards in the office, discovering that each one of them is named after a state and that their birthdays all do indeed match. ed begins to hear a voice call out to him. and as he listens, he finds himself in a different building, strapped to a chair, with dr malik calling out to him. ed finds he is at the meeting to argue and postpone malcolm's execution, but is confused as to why he's being told of the crimes in malcolm rivers past. dr malik explains that he is, in fact, one of the personalities that malcolm rivers created as a child to cope with the abandonment and abuse he was subjected to. informed that one of the personalities is the homicidal template that went on a killing spree. ed is instructed to go back to the motel to try to eliminate this identity. ed awakens to find himself standing in the rain, looking at the motel from a distance. paris finds convict transportation files for both main and roads in the police car. a flashback reveals that rhodes killed the correctional officer transporting him in maine, put the officer's body in the trunk and then assumed his identity. rhodes attacks paris, but she is saved by larry, who is subsequently shot to death by rhodes. finally, believing rhodes to be the murderous personality, ed goes after him, and the two men end up shooting each other fatally, leaving only paris still alive. when malik demonstrates that the homicidal personality is dead, malcolm's execution is state and it is determined that he should be placed in a mental institution under malik's care. in malcolm's mind, paris has driven back to her hometown in frostproof florida. as she tends to some soil in her orange grove, she shakely discovers the number one key buried in the dirt and finds timmy behind her. flashbacks reveal that timmy orchestrated all of the deaths at the motel and made it appear that he had been killed with ginny. timmy kills paris, while malcolm strangles malik, causing the van that is on route to the mental institution to swerve off the road and stop, before timmy's voice repeats the poem antigonish by william hughes merns one more time. now, the sole personality of malcolm rivers. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 