hey ladies. do you like your men, the strong and silent type that can rip a man's head off and throw it about like a basketball? you do? well have we got a treat for you. throughout this video, we're going to be discussing one of the boys most eligible bachelors, black noir. this video will be covering his true identity in the comics, or theories for the show, and a lot more that will make you want to dump your favorite breast milk drinking man at home. lander, i'll stop doing that voice. now, look, obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything about the comics, or potentially the show, ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. up top, we will be spoiling one of the biggest twists in the source material. and whilst i don't think this will be carried across to the show, it may well be. so yeah, this is your last chance to back out. without the way, i'm your host, definition aka, the guy that's also tall, dark and handsome, according to my mother. now let's get into the breakdown. okay. so black noir is one of the most mysterious characters in the boys very little is actually known about him, as far as the comics go. and there's even less when it comes to the show. however, in the source material, it's actually revealed that the character is in fact a clone of homelander, and we discover that he was created as a contingency plan by vort in case he ever went rogue. in both the show and comic, he initially hides a lot of his powers, such as his heat vision, flight abilities and super speed. but the character is capable of all of these, even though on the surface he sort of just seems like capacitive batman. however, that is precisely what makes him so good and why the character goes undetected for so long. he very much fools homelander into believing that he only has one power set, when really he has exactly the same. black noir operates so well because very little is actually known about him. in episode 4 of the second season, homelander even remarks that the character doesn't have a race, showing that he's never even seen his face. we never hear him speak either. and though i'm sure he has a lovely singing voice to match his skills on the piano, he's kept himself to himself to avoid any suspicion at all. black noir is very much fort's lap dog, and he does exactly what the company tell him to without question. the show has designed him to look very much like black jason voorhees to hammer home that he's pretty much just a machine that goes wherever they tell him to. black noir is a soulless, unfeeling monster that is pretty much that a thing that clive owen was trying to create in gemini man, which, spoiler alert. now, focusing on his comic book story. in the original work, black noir was so used to completing missions that this eventually led to his downfall. after he failed one, he slowly started to go insane. and over time, dressed as homelander, he began to commit various crimes that involve cannibalism, murder and sexual assault. in the comics, it was actually revealed that it was black noir who was behind what happened to butch's wife, becker, and not homelander. this sparked up a lot of this story in the comics and gave the boys more motive to kill homelander, which ultimately led to homelander fighting back. black noir also blackmailed homelander. and though he was initially upset over having no memory of the horrific events, it eventually empowered him to believe that he could do whatever he wanted to. the situation escalated, and thus black noir was complicit in homelanders downfall, making him the true big bad of the comics. when homelanders started the superhero uprising, he slowly went on a rampage that involved murdering the president. billy rushed to the oval office to stop him, and it's at this point that black noir revealed himself and his true identity. homelander lost it and realized he could have been a real hero if he'd not be manipulated by vote noir. and he tried to kill noir. however, he was no pushover, and he actually killed homelander with his bare hands. luckily, homelander had managed to severely weaken noir to the point that billy was able to step in and, using a crowbar here, he completely butchered, butchered the character. now, the show could be going in this direction, but i think it's already hinted to the audience that it's not. now the main reason that i don't think that the television counterpart will follow this course is because in the comic book community, the twist is so well known at this point that there's little to no chance that it won't be ruined for for the general audience. if the show goes on, say, for five seasons, there's still three more years in which most of the show's audience will either find out through google or by watching idiotic youtubers like myself ruin it. so i really think that they'll be trying something different when it comes to his reveal. and the show has already sort of teased this. now, in the comic books, homelander says that noir is the person that he's known the longest. and this is obviously the case because he's a clone of the character. however, in the series, we learn that it's actually made. and because of their age and the way people are drafted into the seven, it's unlikely that this would have been his whole life. at best. i'd say, even if homelander was drafted into the seven in his twenties, then he's only known may for about 10 years, and therefore he's known or even less, it's difficult to get the dates exactly right, as we don't know the exact ages of the characters, but it doesn't seem likely that they've known each other that long. we also see in the opening of the second season that black noir is badly burned when hunting super terrorists. and if he really was a clone of homelander, then this wouldn't have left a scratch on him, as he's pretty much invincible. saying all that, though, i would love it if we learned that some of the versions of homelander that we've seen in the show weren't actually him. and there are a couple of times where the breast milking could be tightened war and is almost maybe like personality. i doubt it, though, because who doesn't love a nice drink of mother's milk? what? now, edgar also talks down to homelander quite a lot, and surely he would only do this if he knew he had a contingency plan in place. noir is pretty much edgar's lap dog and will do whatever he says. so i think this could highlight that he has made a duplicate. the official boys twitter account also posted a photo of the group with some some weird. is that jack from jupiter? so sorry, you got got a bit sidetracked there. anyway, they posted this photo, and if you look closely, you can see that homelander and black noir are actually holding the exact same stance in pose. this is a very, very minor detail, but the fact that they're doing this can actually confirm that they are indeed identical. or maybe not. now, if he isn't a clone of homelander, then who else could he be? now we do know that actor nathan mitchell is playing noir in the show, but i believe that this is a stand-in until they cast someone however, jeffrey dean morgan has also been cast in an unknown role in the upcoming third season. and though as of now we know little about who he's playing, i would actually love to see him reveal this noir. from his portrayal of negan and the walking dead, we know he can pull off this slightly insane side of any character, and i think it would be great if he was revealed under the mask as the villain. though that might not be the case, i would love it if it is. but i also have another theory, that he's actually a clone of billy butcher. now, why exactly would this be well, we know from the comics that billy's relationship with the cia goes way back and that he'd had several run-ins with the seven over the years. the show could easily build upon this and make it so that vogt were aware of just how good he was at fighting supes. and thus they decided to build the ultimate 7 contingency plan, made from someone who shared an unrivaled hate for the group. i think it would be great if it was revealed that the corporation cloned billy and then injected the clone with compound v. if they gave the clone the right stimulus, it could grow up to hate the seven just as much as billy does. and it would also make it so that, if it ever came down to it, that billy would be facing a mirror image of himself, which, psychologically, could completely blindside him. now why this would also be interesting is because if they tied things in with the comics and made it so that it was actually noir that sexually assaulted becca, then technically ryan would be made from billy's dna. and thus, on some levels, it would actually be his son. this would allow him to potentially get over the idea of dumping him, which is something that he struggled with in episode 4. again, this could be a reach, but i'd absolutely love to see that as the reveal. other theories are that it's a clone of edgar and, which i don't believe. and then it could also just be the superpowered babies injected with growth hormones. we never see noise face, so he would be easy to replace with one of these if anything bad ever happened to him. and vort do have a steady supply. again, i don't know if that's true or not. but anyway, it's gonna be unlikely that we'll ever find out who he is until the show tells us for definite. but i'd of course love to hear your thoughts on his identity in the comments. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. make sure you check out our breakdown of the fourth episode, which is going to be linked at the end. we go over all the easter eggs and things you missed. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. we're also giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection at the end of the month. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. if you want to support us so that videos like this can get made, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat news on our discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 