before we begin, let me start by saying this intro already has me feeling so cold that my nipples opponent than the tip of a fresh crayon. the stars of our movie today. ah, well, I would have said adele dazeem, but I'm a little late for that joke and it's not funny anymore. Oh, Who am I kidding? yes, it is. the wickedly talented I Delta [ __ ]. xeam, just stop singing and melt already. and oh, who gives us play? our store begins in the mid-1800s with some chanting music. I bet you that was original, didn't you? but nope. Disney ripped off all their song. that intro music was based on an old hymn written by some guy who died in 1862. see, Disney has these meetings where they all say, whoo, 2015 years old. yeah, let's steal from him. he'll never know. and we see a bunch of Scandinavian ice harvesters singing a song everybody thinks makes no sense, but they're really talking about how beautiful, magical, shop fair and dangerous ice is frozen hearts and letting it go. they just need to quit. Boltzmann, it's about Elsa, but you can't even tell without the [ __ ] subtitles, because they seem like, and they write off, like, by little bit, you own your own own. over here, Disney went to Wonderland. we meet Elsa, the older sister, and honor, the young one who pisses the older sibling into causing trouble so she could play the victim. so she's like, do you wanna build a snowman? and here we see why parents always want big houses, so when the children get hurt, they could say, I didn't hear them. I was in the living room two miles away. and today is like, let's take it to the pebble trolls. so to heal on his injury, they take away on his memories of Elsa's powers. but they let her remember she once had fun with Elsa, because that doesn't make sense. then the pebble throw Yoda tells Elsa, hmm, under control. you must keep this so when you don't know how to keep your kids from killing each other, just like one of them, they'll [ __ ] in their room until they grow Arnaud gets to keep the fun memories with no explanation of why her sister ignores her, but the parents don't find on another playmate. they just let us sit at the bedroom door her whole life begging her sister to come out. well, when your children are getting on your damn nerves and you're a bad parent anyway, just take a two-week cruise and be like, bye, little [ __ ]. you're on y'all. but if you go on a cruise and leave your children at home, this could happen to you. and if not, the ship is just gonna have some technical problems that causes the toilets on the deck above you to overflow and leak through your cabin ceiling, and you come home with the dysentery squirts, and who the hell gonna take care of you? then the child you locked in a room my whole life, she probably can't even wipe her own but now they all grown up and they're gonna party like it's 1899. well, I was happy about it anyway. she's the one who's all like, oh my god, I'm out, going out. she wakes up singing because she thinks she's finally gonna get to meet the one. and she runs around singing, oh, I just can't wait to get ding-a-ling. don't act shocked. you know, that's what princesses are thinking when they're singing about romance. but the troubled soul sounds like most of us owe more work. my childhood was hard enough, and now I have to pretend I like people. [ __ ] you, dad. and you know how it is when you ain't never had much to choose from in the love Department, so you just fall for the first ding-a-ling you see, and you hope to god the Dingle as a prince. and you hope to god the Prince. aina puts on eyes like a bumbling idiot because she hasn't seen her sister in a long damn time, and the best she can come up with is, well, you don't look tubby, Prince putz puts the make on on awhile they sing about love being an open door. but she soon gonna learn that the door of love is gonna hit off with a good Lord split up. because, as we all know, love at first sight does not exist. it's all just based on infatuation and pheromones and whether the person you just met has a good plastic surgeon. and then your children come out ugly, and you end up suing your spouse for misrepresentation of good genes. and honor goes to her sisters like, we sell honey. so we gettin hitched up in there sis. and you know how people with the least life experience like to give the most advice? well that's miss do it my way or Elsa. she's like, dis ain't love. take my word for it. I've only been without human interaction for 13 years. and almost like we've got 12 brothers. you can have all them. and this is like, fool. I don't like puck. whoop. one from say that whoop. what is suppose for available magic whoo. better underfoot, burn out of here. so Elsa freezes the whole damn Kingdom. honor gets on the horse to chase after her sister, and she leaves the kingdom in the hands of Prince putz. and here's the part of the movie with the song that you've heard so can much that now the mere mention of it makes you want to jab a kindergartener. safety sizzles in your ears. so this scene brings up some very adult questions. does Elsa's ice domicile melt when she cooks if she can't cook, does he only snow? if she only snow, does she poopoo Ice Cube's your toilet made of ice? does that bode get stuck to it? if she has no running water, how does she flush the toilet, or does she just do it outside and leave little brown chocolate pellets in the snow that will later serve as a snowman's eyeballs? that's nasty. while she's out looking for her sister, Anna, comes to a shop where she meets a shop owner who says words like blender, mutant, blender, Huey Berber DDT, heard the murder, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious and fruit even blue girdle. she also meets the grownup version of the little bit the ice harvesters left behind to be raised by rocks. remember, the guy's name is Christoph, and he's trying to sell ice in the middle of an ice storm. so Christoph is pissed off. and Ana's parents never taught her that she ought not be taking rides from strangers. and she breaks to this one about how she's about to marry another one. no, not this nuisance again. skip. so they find Elsa Nonna's like, what do you do up in here all the time? and Nelson's like, I spend my days better than snowman's without you, Chad as a feel and on. it's like, I water build snowman. but else has flashbacks of causing Ana's brain freeze. and I'm like, I thought you could control this now. not 10 minutes ago, you was looking like a damn master ice architect. and besides that little, annoying, big guy, what she had coming to her anyway? and she gets it again. BAM, a sub-zero ice ball right to the [ __ ] heart. praise Allah to you. Elsa summons a bumble to throw that behinds out of the castle. this Lord Farquaad character sends a few guys to ice the Queen. and Chris stop notices Anna is looking a little pasted her. so Kristoff makes the next big relationship step. he takes honor to meet his family of freaks. and they go on about love for a whole damn song. while on a slowly croaks. prince putz, captures Elsa and locks her up in a room and asked her to stop the stone. and the whiny drama queen is like, I can't. boring bad guy monologue. I'm a putz, blabbity blah blah. I wanted to marry Elsa to take over the kingdom, but she don't like blah, blah, blabbity blah. but you were needy. how so I use you to get in. blabbity blabbity blah blah. so now I have to kill your sister while your titties turn to snow cones, or your concern does no titties. Elsa busts out. Kristoff comes back to honor, riding his reindeers, acts like Seabiscuit. the principles are sold seemingly out of his sand spot. and all the people who used to be scared of Elsa's powers suddenly ain't anymore. but this is a kids movie, which is a really lame [ __ ] excuse, considering the fact that the greatest Disney movie of all time force children to watch the hero Witnesses father's murder and hyenas eat the bad guy alive. that's the way you do it, shove some real life right in their ugly little snotty mugs. thank god. this is the end. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload videos after I thought my nipples for movies explained for I'm Jeb. heard I can cope. movie gave me titty circles. 