[Music]. if you're stuck in a house with a demonic mirror that you're trying to prove is haunted, but you can't trust anything you see, hear or feel, and it's not to kill you, what do you do? what is up? welcome. in this video and cinema summary, I'll be diving deep into how to prove survive and beat the demonic mirror, as well as break down the mistakes made along the way and tell you what I would do differently in this recap of the reality-warping, memory-wiping horror oculus. the movie opens on this little girl whose face is all bloodied, and she's hiding from a man. and she looks terrified. she sneaks out of a room to come face to face with this ghost lady. in which she turns around, there was this older guy pointing a gun at her. but it's actually a dream from that same man holding the gun. Tim Russell, who's now all grown up and been in a mental hospital for 11 years, ever since he killed his abusive dad, who tried to kill him and his sister after killing their mom, who went crazy. yeah, and that'll happen when he was like 10. so the trauma from the night was pretty heavy. 11 years late, Dale, he's released from the hospital to rejoin society with his sister Katie, who's nice, but really intense. like she's the kind of girl that if you opened up her diary you'd see pictures of dead animals or something. and she's all like, hey, Tim, welcome back to society. guess what? I found it. and now we can fulfill that promise we made when we were kids. they promised that when they were older they would destroyed that thing that destroyed their family, the Lasser glass, a mirror that the Russell family had 11 years ago that may be haunted. she's done research that goes back to like 1754, tracking who owned it at what time, at what place. and there's been at least 10 owners, all of whom who died under freak circumstances. and none of them were able to destroy the mirror themselves. now the thing is, Kaylee's goal is to prove the mirrors evil and that there's something supernatural with it. this makes beating the Lasser glass difficult, because it means we have three goals here. prove the Lasser glass is haunted, that clear heard dad's name, break the mirror and survived to tell the world. but what are the rules of the mirror? what makes it so dangerous? well, it can absorb the life out of living things like plants, animals and humans. it can mess of electronics, shorting out lights or messing with phones and TVs. it can give you hallucinations that change what you see, hear and experience. and we see this as it can mess with your memory. it makes you forget to eat and drink. so given all its powers, how exactly does Kaylee intend to destroy it? she and Tim take the mirror from this auction house back to her childhood home, you know, the one where their parents died. and remember how I said that she was intense? I was totally right about that, because she's bought this elaborate setup with cameras, lights, food. and looking at over it looks like she raided some college students dorm room. maybe if your parents were dead, you would have learned a thing or two about nutrition. Oh, in each room in the house has like a really sensitive thermostat to monitor the mirrors influence on the room. she's also got plants spread across the house that check the range of the mirrors power. as the closer a plant is to the mirror, the faster it dies. oh, and as another layer of security, get this, she told her fiance that if she doesn't answer his calls, he should tell the cops that her psycho killer of a brother is there with her. look at his face, you can just tell he's thinking, thanks, sis. maybe if I throw you into the mirror, I could solve two problems. but most importantly, she's raped this anchor that's set on a timer, and if it isn't reset in time, it will come SUIM and break the mirror. but there's obviously a few flaws of c\xc3\xa1diz execution. let's remind a bit. yeah, the cameras might be able to record all that weird stuff that happens, but how does a help her? if the mirror controls what she sees? her alarms are unmarked, making them easy targets for the mirror to make her not hear them, or trick her into checking the wrong alarm, or, worse, trick her into standing in front of the anchor she should have focused on only destroying the mirror, setting the anchor up and leaving the house. course, know that she and Tim, of look at the mirror, they are also under its influence. KB even tries to use a dog to test the mirrors life-sucking abilities. and I mean, seriously, Cayley, of all the dogs that are out there, you choose this one. you should have chosen one that deserved it, like this one, or this one, or even this one. thankfully, Tim puts a stop to the test and lets the dog out and tells KB, let's just move on and get out of here, which is honestly the best piece of advice I've heard this entire movie. and Kami's like, damn, you're right, until she sees that the cameras moved themselves. or did they? well, actually, Tim and Kaylie moved them, but don't remember because the mirror tricked them. and what's the point of all these cameras if at the end of the day we're supposed to take them out their word? like, yeah, I saw you doing whatever over there, and now you're saying you didn't know what you were doing. this is starting to sound like my first marriage. none of those ends. what can we do to prove that the mirror is haunted? I think a few things would have to be changed to achieve all three goals. I mean, they get a good job, all things considered, but they really should have taken themselves out of the equation. remember, the mirror uses people to protect itself. however, we do need to bring in more people to prove its powers. we can hire priests and monks, which is in shaman's Wiccans and rabbis, Dungeons &amp; Dragons, whoever we can, who we can record testing and trying to exercise the mirror. there are two possible outcomes here. either they are successful, which is a win because the mirror goast is gone, or they fail, which is still a win, because the mirror will influence them and prove its powers. you can then livestream the whole investigation, posting on places like our slash paranormal or slash X, if you're into that sort of thing. these viewers could act as eye witnesses and keep things accountable, providing input. and if things start to go bad, they can call the cops. Who am I kidding? this guy's not gonna call the cops. like, I get it. that sounds crazy, but come on, you're dealing with a supernatural mirror. that makes perfect sense, to use the supernatural against it. I mean, dos busters might have proved science could work against ghosts, but they had vilmer. either way you do it, you cement reality. by getting a truckload of people, we're not only outside of the room, but can't be influenced by the mirror. in short, there's safety in numbers. unfortunately, Kayleigh didn't think about bringing more people. let's say all communication is off-limits. if we can't trust what we hear, what can we do to communicate? Kayleigh actually did a pretty good job here. watching the plants and the dog's life drain away is pretty convincing evidence. the only thing is, how do you know the mirror isn't changing what's being recorded on the camera? because Katie revealed all her tricks to proving the mirrors haunted in front of it. what we need is something that the mirror doesn't know about it can't see. so for the dog, you could insert a chip into it that could track its health and vital signs. if the mirror kills the dog, we will know how and why it died. as for plants, you could take them to a molecular biologist or someone who doesn't have a career on YouTube? Harvard biochemical how can I help you? hi, yes, um. I'm a youtuber, and I was just wondering, how could you tell if a plant had its soul taken by an evil mirror? hello? hello. they put me on hold. okay, so what exactly happened that led to all of this? we learned more about the things that led up to Kaylie in Tim's dad going off the handle. as candy saw, their dad began having an affair for a woman named Marisol. the dad himself is beginning to see things like at one point, he begins ripping off his fingernails, thinking that their band-aids. which I think we've all been there at least once in our lives. but he's not the only one who's changed. the plants in the house are dying. the family dog is sick all the time, poor puppy. and Kaylie and Tim's mom is becoming more unhinged. she swears she sees someone in the house at night. so the dad buys a gun. it begins leaving the house to go golfing, right? is that what they're calling it now. one day, while he's out golfing, the dog freaks out and gets locked in the room with the mirror. and when the dad comes back, the dog is gone. Kaylie intends Baum begins to starve herself and tries to break the mirror, but it pulls out a reverse uno card and breaks her mind, making her try to kill her kids, only to get knocked out by her husband, who chains her up in their bedroom, and not the good kind of Jing dub. now, Kaylie and Tim also begin to hear and see things. or when they try Khan the doctor in the police, they hear the same voice saying, ask your dad, our guard. things are getting really dangerous right now. and Katy and Tim realized that they need help, but I think if they did a couple things a little differently, they could have gotten away from the mirror. so how should they escape? she we gave her dad a run for his money. she caught over the neighbor she tried to call the doctors in the police. she broke out of the house a few times, and, of course, tries to break the mirror. I mean, I get it. if I chained to my wife and wanted to spend some quality time with him here, I'd be pretty angry. too. all in all, Kaylee's plans were pretty realistic and pretty clever for a little girl to pull off. and before you say something like, why didn't they use a computer? well, it wouldn't have worked. as we know, the mirror can control what they see and mess with electronic devices. this leaves us with communicating in push. if these kids want any chance of convincing someone to check out their home, they're gonna need some money in evidence. and given the time frame of their childhood, early digital cameras and disposable ones, we're pretty common in the early 2000s, assuming the family had one already, the kids would want to take photos of their mom chained up inside of neglect. now, the money can be stolen for their dad's wallet, taking from the piggy bank, or they can go digging around the couch cushions for some change. but before they go, they need to check out the yellow pages for the address of Child Protective Services. once outside, they can walk to the nearest bus stop and wait for a bus. then they show the address, along with the evidence to someone on the bus, they can ensure that they can get the child protective service center. damn, it close for co vid come on back in the house, exposed to the mirror. in KB, is showing signs of being affected by it badly, like she eats his Apple, but then realized she actually ate a light bulb, and you see her pull out a shard of glass from her mouth. and then there's this other time where she wakes up in front of the mirror, barely getting to the anchor in time to a set it. yeah, she got cocky with her plan. and check this out. after the power goes out, she breaks a flower pot, and when she looks at the broken pot for her phone, the phone doesn't see the shards. as soon as she turns around, she sees this monster and stabbed it with a pot shard. it was actually her fiance, who is definitely dead for realsies. no Tim goes outside. the cult police think that they just need to wait it out a bit more. but then the lights of the house turn on and they see themselves standing in front of the mirror. but the call doesn't seem to go through, as they hear the same voice they heard as kids saying, when the events of the film intersect of the past and the present. and dad loads up his gun and lets his wife off the chain. as the younger Katie breaks out of a window and falls off the roof. she's alive and out, but Tim, not so much. and kV, god bless her, goes back to save him, even though she can see the ghosts of the mirrors previous victims through the window. now the goats are gone, but Tim is hiding behind this counter thing, and he's mouthing something to Caylee. he was trying to warn her, because as soon as she turns her head, she gets taken down to the ground by her mother, who begins choking the life out of her. and she stops for just a moment, I'll wait for daddy over here to shoot her dead. the kids barely make it out to the mirror room and tried to break it using golf clubs. that doesn't work. their dad comes in and is about to shoot them, but he has a moment of self control and helps Tim shoot him. he dies, and his body leaves his crack on the mirror as the ghostly victims scream at the kids. but Tim manages to break out of the mirrors control and rushes to trigger the anchor. at the same time, Kaylie sees her mother reaching for her from the mirror. Katie walks over to her and, oh, my god, you just stood Kaylie. okay, timeout for a minute. why would Tim think of pulling on the kill switch early? wouldn't have consequences. I mean, he knows he can't trust what he sees. what he should have done is, as soon as he saw the room was empty, he should have thought to himself, huh, where's Katie? oh, there she is. well, then anchor through her head. classic Kaylie. mind you, the anchor is heavy and weighted, so even though it should be able to break the mirror through Caylee's body, it doesn't. and that's game over for Tim. his phone go to the cops earlier actually went through, and now they're here. that taken just as they dead 11 years ago. and as Tim has taken away, he sees that Katy has joined the other spirits in the mirror. so Tim is arrested. KB's a ghost in the mirror one. so how do we beat it? something we do know is that the more you're around the mirror, the more influence it has over you. Tim and Kaylie should not have been in the room at all. that way, they find methods to limit the amount exposure to the mirror. now Kaylee's anchor trap is an ingenious workaround the Emir's ability, and I think to really beat it, we have to do more of that, making things automated. that way we take yourself out of the equation, keeping us safe from harm. now, to actually beat it, we're gonna need a different setup for day. so we're gonna put the mirror over here, just like in the movie, with a camera on the same side. now these cameras have some company, a pair of Mounted Rifles set to a mechanized trigger. now, behind the guns as a barrier, that blocks our line of sight with the mirror. also, since the guns are on the other side of the barrier, there's no risk to us crossing over and getting hurt an accident, something that was clearly possible with Katie's anchor. if they had to be in the room, they should have at least had another failsafe that would keep them well, say, as well as something that could contain them, like cables, handcuffs or other harnesses. no, wait, not those kinds. in any case, distance and obscurity is the key to breaking the mirror. if you want to increase your chances of beating the Lasser glass. keep your exposure to the mirror to a minimum. find ways to stay still and keep things automatically. now you know how to prove the mirrors haunted, how to escape it, break it, and of course, things you shouldn't do in case you're ever up against a demonic mirror. but what do you guys think? could Cayley and Tim would do all three? let me know that in your own strategies and the couch below. and with that said, thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed the video, leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on videos like this. until next time, have a damn good day. 