before i begin, let me stop by saying james cameron has done all he can to warn humanity about their own stupidity. the star of our movie today is conan dutch quaid carl and carl play. our story begins with some backstory text to let us know what the well, look at that. so basically, the world went boom, boom. robots took over the humans, and now they're trying to nuke all the leftover folks, like that cup noodles. see how it says right now? then out of nowhere, a big, naked mr universe comes back from the future to flown his big naked just to talk me, what is the purpose of arnold's ass? just to remind me that i don't have one. and i have to blur this because why would a cyborg have a penis? then he confronts blue head billy, aka the extreme and his buddies, who, to be honest with you, are a little lippy and sort of deserve a whipping. but speaking of extreme man, you can steal the clothes you need without sticking your hand up somebody butt. so imagine you come from a future with no showers, and the first thing you gotta do is steal some pants off a hobo that looks like willie nelson. okay, so just robbed a hobo that looked like billy nelson, then got to run from the po-po barefoot, then rob the popo for a weapon, then busting somebody's stone. you know, you should just do what i did when i was a kid, when you hide inside one of them circular clothing racks. then put your legs up so nobody can find you. then gotta steal a coat and some kick kicks. y'all still got velcro in the future? how will that wears out so fast. and he gives them the old one, two bamboos with that fool, and steals another one of their weapons, while their dumpsters are in the store looking for him. and out on the streets they're still looking for him. he's in the clothing rack, into a hairspray, a pink backpack and aviators on a scooter. let's go. this is sarah connor, waitress at wally's, world of wonderful whoppers. oh, he don't stick out. the family from harry and the hendersons called. they want their automobile back. be sure sasquatch ain't strapped to the top. ah, yes, the bad old days when a complete psychopath could walk in and buy unlimited rounds of ammunition. oh, that ain't the good old days. that's now moving on then, because he came to the pass without clothes, photo id, cash or credit he just off the guy just lost the guy. and apparently both of them are looking through the phone book for women's name, sarah connor. and even though they're both looking for the day shift waitress at bob's burgers and beer bond, the terminator has no physical description and just rolls on down the list. i don't care what you do, just don't hurt the dog. well, one down, two to go. and this other guy awakens from a nap and putt putts off in the batmobile's ugly cousin. later that night, sarah and her roommate get an obscene phone call from slider. then the popo revealed there's been a second sarah connor who got deceased. sarah's boyfriend stands up, so she makes out with a lizard. and sarah goes out for a night on the town. boyfriend and iguana free wouldn't be a scary eddie's move without somebody getting some flat booty whose owner is clearly not entertained. oh man, ain't nothing worse than being ready to bite into a big old pizza and then hearing the news that some fool's out killing people with your name. we've all been there. so she's getting followed by the guy in homeless willy's pants, and he ain't acting suspicious at all. so she slept inside the club that would induce your epilepsy, even if you don't have it. but the round booty has found the home of the flat booty. and while her boyfriend's getting all [ __ ] up, she's still sweating to the oldest in her undies. so just when the terminator thinks his job is complete, sarah calls home to tell her roommate what's going down, and leaves the message on this antique box that lets the whole neighborhood hear your business. so if he had thought his job was complete, and the fast ain't got the technology to send you back to the future, what would he have done next? taking up flower arranging, become a jazz size instructor, professional chia pet groomer. and now, because he doesn't found your photo id and you told your deceased roommate your exact location. sarah, you in danger, girl, then move [ __ ]. get out the way. don't worry, kids, no 80s wigs were harmed in the making of this scene. so sarah tries to boogie on out of there, but these damn fools ain't no help at all, probably whacked out on eddie's potty powders and pills. but it's okay, because did you know a shotgun blast can knock a skin-covered metal man out a window? i did. and sexy man's like, if you don't quit waiting, you're gonna cease to be respirating. so they helping to ride and roll out of there with the future ex-governor of california on their hood. and somewhere along the way, he lose his eyebrows, herman munster looking bit. while they on the run, this fella tells her his name is kyle reese, and he's like, i'm here to save you from that big booty bit. that ain't no man, it's a cyborg. in the two thousand somethings, they made these refrigerators that would order your groceries for you. and it was all down here. from there, we're struggling to survive up in that future, and that's why i've got such pretty teeth. and sarah's like, why does it want me dead? so reese's like, sarah, you are the mother of my best, good friend, john, who leads the rebellion against the machines in the future. you and me don't know yet, but i'm actually his daddy. but before i can be his daddy, i gotta be your daddy. want me to be your daddy? and there's a long chase, skip, but the po-po wrap justin. well, actually, they were pretty late. and something tells me there ain't gonna be no help, no way. so while the police are asking rhys pointless questions because they're already convinced he's crazy, the big stud stops by this run-down apartment for a little tune-up and some plastic surgery. oh, look, who's here, just like reece said, the iron giant himself. then move [ __ ] get out the way. and the terminator test through that police station like a hippie through pot brownies. and the only one who saves sarah is the guy everyone thinks is missing a few lug nuts. feels a little bit of bonding under the bridge, little bit of cuddles, little bit of boo boo cleaning. and then rhys tells her about how she's the mother of the future or something, and about how awful and terrifying the future is, and how he would like to offer some of his very nice recent pieces. and i don't even know why they decided to check into a motel during the day, instead of when they were freezing their houses off all night. welcome to the tiki motel. see how it says right now. then sarah calls home, and big man machine plays mama nader, i live with one of them, just playing mama. after reece shows her how to make some homemade explosives, he uses his personal pipe bomb to blow her pants off. in other words, she finally gets some of his reasons. pieces. they get freaky at the tiki. they do the horizontal hokey pokey. he put as, oh, never mind. oh yeah. ticket all off, baby. okay, pause. if one of them gyrates the wrong way, and the little swimming, the one john's counting on, will we suddenly evaporate? after he had and would that also mean there'd be no reason to send back to terminator, and he too would vanish like a fight in the wind, and sarah just be lying there, not knowing what or who she was doing. then on nowhere, knock, knock. who's there? cordis interruptus. then there's a long chase with lots of pew pews and boom booms. i mean really big boom boom, boom, boom's bigger than the boom booms at the tiki. and then there's one really, really big, big boom boom. he gets knocked down, but he goes up again, and ain't never gonna keep him down. then inside this factory, which is probably a metaphor or something, i don't know, rhys tells her to run, sarah. then he uses his pipe bomb to blow his pants off. henry's bites the big peanut butter cup, and old red eyes is back. you're telling me, after all that this metal [ __ ] still ain't deceased? so shit's mushroom. and the popo gets there late again. and as she takes her final road to mexico and her final steps toward battery, she gets herself a german shepherd, a jeep and some rambo headgear. oh, hell, i've been kicking some serious two you give me a big dog, a four-wheel drive and a bandana. hey, you too, mama nader. she spends her trip explaining all this cray to her unborn john, who she will name connor instead of reece, because that would put a real hitch in the giddy up. but how does she know that baby is john? it might be some girl child she goes named fifi. fifi connor. that's sweet. the end. thank you to these special patron muffins, kelly, s eva, katrina. a, bethanissie, car os, cold hole, kimberly. b, david m christine k, carrie, j elena, s owana m melanie m ptf, jay nora, c allison l aldermen, anonymous. bh, kelliel and marion, colorado. four movies explained for i'm jeb freaky at the tiki dive. that concludes this fix of meth. but don't be sad, muffins, i'll be back. 