It's time for something incredible! Welcome back Ladies and Gentlemen, to another episode of Cinema Summary. Today we\xe2\x80\x99re summarizing the deconstructive-reconstruction of the superhero genre! Suit up folks! It\xe2\x80\x99s showtime! In a world full of super-powered people called \xe2\x80\x9cSupers\xe2\x80\x9d, the public are turning against them as the collateral damage caused by their crime-fighting reaches an all time high. Mr. Incredible is one of these heroes whose fall from grace reached it\xe2\x80\x99s peak after he saved a willful ledge-jumper, and stopped a monorail from derailing. After several lawsuits, the government suddenly initiates the Superhero Relocation Program, which forces Supers to permanently put down their capes and just be their ordinary, secret identities. Fifteen years later, Bob and Helen Parr\xe2\x80\x94formerly known as Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl\xe2\x80\x94and their children Violet, Dash, and baby Jack-Jack are a suburban family. Bob dislikes the mundanity of suburbia and his not-so incredible, white-collar job. but still intends to do some good. Together with his friend Lucius Best, formerly known as Frozone, Bob occasionally relives "the glory days" by moonlighting as a vigilante (telling their wives that they are going \xe2\x80\x9cbowling\xe2\x80\x9d). Who hasn't done that? After his supervisor prevents him from stopping a mugging, Bob loses his temper and injures him, and predictably gets fired, as you would. When he returns home, Bob finds a message from a mysterious woman named Mirage who convinces him to become Mr. Incredible again, and gives him a mission to destroy a renegade robot called the Omnidroid (trademark Lucasarts) on the remote island of Nomanisan, a very scenic place if you ignore the murderous killbot. Bob finds the Omnidroid, and after getting into a heated battle, tricks it into ripping out its own power source, defeating it. This new gig appeals to Bob: All the excitement of the good ole days while getting paid He improves his relationship with his family and begins gymming... The dude lifts trains! Hah! Trains! Once he lifts ships, then we can talk! ...while awaiting more work from Mirage for the next two months. Discovering a tear in his suit, he visits superhero costume designer Edna Mode. Mode, assuming that Helen knows what Bob is doing, She doesn't makes new suits for the entire family. with a new suit and a new mission, he heads for Nomanisan once again, and this time Bob discovers Mirage is working for Buddy Pine, a technological genius and a former fan whom Mr. Incredible had rejected as his sidekick back in the good ole days. No longer \xe2\x80\x98Incrediboy\xe2\x80\x99 as he once hoped to be, he is now Syndrome! His time was spent making weapons and perfecting the Omnidroid, hiring different Supers to fight it, and upgrading it on the occasion that a Super wins. Now that it is capable of defeating Bob, Syndrome reveals his evil plan: "Operation Kronos"; to send the machine to the city of Metroville. There, he will secretly manipulate its controls to defeat it in public, becoming a hero himself. Later, he will sell his inventions so that everyone will become equally "super", making the term meaningless. Anyways! Meanwhile, Helen visits Edna and learns what Bob has been up to (and gets to see the new costumes she made!). Ta-Daaa! Edna activates a beacon she built into the suits so Helen can find Bob, and uh reveals his location and gets him captured. Nice going, Edna! Helen borrows a private plane to head for Nomanisan, but Violet and Dash have stowed away wearing their own suits, leaving Jack-Jack with a babysitter Someone call CPS please. Syndrome has his SAM launchers shoot down Helen's plane, but she and the children survive and reach the island. Helen infiltrates the base, discovering Syndrome's plan to send the Omnidroid to Metroville in a rocket. Mirage has a change of heart, with Syndrome's callousness when her life was threatened, Mirage releases Bob and informs him of his family's survival. At the same time, Helen arrives and races off with Bob to find their children. \xe2\x80\x9cSo you must be Mrs. Incredi-\xe2\x80\x9d Dash and Violet, meanwhile, are spotted and chased by some of Syndrome's guards, but fend them off with their powers before reuniting with their parents. However, Syndrome captures them, leaving them imprisoned on Nomanisan while he follows the rocket to Metroville. The Parrs escape and travel to Metroville in a spare rocket (with Mirage\xe2\x80\x99s help). The Omnidroid is programmed to identify and take out the biggest threat, and recognizes Syndrome as such and attacks the remote on his wrist, making him incapable of controlling it, while simultaneously knocking him out as it was made to adapt to all threats and challenges The Parrs and Frozone team up to fight the Omnidroid; it seems like there\xe2\x80\x99s no winning until Bob comes across the remote, allowing him to control one of the robot's arms and just like before uses it (and the power of family and friendship) to destroy its power source. Returning home, the Parrs find Syndrome, who plans to kidnap and raise Jack-Jack as his own sidekick to exact revenge on the family. As Syndrome is flies to reach his airplane, Jack-Jack's own superpowers start to manifest and he escapes from Syndrome midair he's a 'jack of all trades' if you will. Syndrome manages to get on the plane and gloats, but Bob throws his own car towards the plane, causing Syndrome to lose his balance and get sucked into the plane's jet engine, destroying the aircraft and killing him, while Helen catches Jack-Jack. In the words of Edna -- NO CAPES While watching Dash compete in a race, the Parrs witness the arrival of a new villain called the Underminer. They put on their superhero masks, ready to face a new threat. Thank you Ladies and Gentlemen for watching this, we hope you enjoyed it. Please leave a like and subscribe to get our latest updates and uploads. Until next time, don't forget to be incredible! 