hey, what's up guys. explanation bros. here. today i'll explain the horror, mystery and thriller film titled antidote. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the movie begins and we see a man's dead body, whose name is nico. he is hanging, and it seems like it is a suicide. the scene gets cut and we see our main character, sharon berkeley. she's sleeping with her husband, costas. she suddenly wakes up due to a severe stomachache. costas takes her to the hospital. there, the doctors inform him that her appendix has burst and they have to perform immediate surgery. they start the surgery by making her unconscious. when sharon wakes up, she finds herself in a different room with her hands tied to the bed. a red liquid is being injected to her as well. then a doctor comes to her, whose name is dr helen back. he then tells her about her condition, that after the surgery, her mental condition was not good. she asks him about this place, but he leaves without answering. sharon then checks the scar in her stomach, and she finds out that it is completely healed, which means she has been here for a very long time. dr helen back, comes to her again. she again asks him about displace, about all this, but he doesn't reply. instead, he gives her a pill. she refuses to take it and demands to meet her family. after saying that, she pushes the doctor and runs away from the room. but eventually she gets caught by the other members of the facility. they give her an ejection and again bring her to her room. when she wakes up, she finds dr helen back in front of her. she warns him that her husband will come for her very soon. in reply, the doctor says that no one will ever find her and leaves the room, locking sharon inside. after some time, she hears the scream of other patients. she also notices a patient who is bleeding a lot, as if he was tortured. after seeing the patients, she gets more scared. she then hears sound coming from the other side of the wall. she bends over to check it and finds a note. the patient, on the other hand, has sent her the note, and there he wrote that his name is everett. he also tells sharon that this is not a hospital. just then she hears that someone enters everett's room, forcefully taking him somewhere. she could hear everett's scream, making her more afraid. she recollects some past incidents. she wants lights to cost us about something, but he didn't react to it, although he knew about it. now we see she is lying on her bed, and helen back again comes to her, asking her if she has any regression about anything. she denies it. the doctor then finds the note that everett gave her. then he takes her to the other patients. there, she meets everett, cassandra, mr rizzo and other patients. as soon as helen back goes from there, sharon asks everett about last night. he then tells her that they had cut his tongue last night. hearing this, she gets confused, as he is talking to her normally. then everett tells her that her tongue grew back. he also tells her that these doctors are experimenting on them, and that's why it happened. then cassandra tells her that they have burnt her alive several times, but with the help of their treatment, in a few days, she becomes normal and healthy again. the patients also tell sharon that she shall not let the doctor and nurses to come inside her room, otherwise they will also torture her. then a siren starts to ring and terrifies everyone. sharon doesn't know what's going on. then helen back comes there and sends everyone to their respective rooms. and he'd also tell sharon to go to her room too, so that she can understand the procedure and get to know if she is selected for the procedure or not. she is not able to understand what's going on, so she asks the doctor to let her meet her family, but he ignores her and sends her to her room. now she recollects her memories. we see that one day she liked to cost us about going to the gym, and instead she went to visit a grave. in the present time, we see sharon is in her room, and she peeks through the door and sees that lights of the corridor suddenly turned off. two men enter and forcefully pull one patient from the room, taking that patient with them. and then the lights turn on. seeing the opportunity, everett comes to her room and tells her about this place. he tells her that this is an experimental facility and not a hospital. she asks him if there is any way to get out of the hospital. he then tells her that there is only one way, and that is that they have to listen to them and follow their routine. she again asks him how he knows about this. he tells her that helen back has told him that he will let him go if he listens to him and follows his routine. sharon then tells him that she doesn't believe dr helen back. while both of them are talking, they notice that those men are bringing the patient back. the patient is bleeding a lot, and his condition is very bad. his stomach is bleeding. seeing this, sharon asked everett what happened to the man. but he replies that it will be better for her not to know about it. but she wants to know the truth, so she goes to the patient's room. she asks him directly what happened. just then helen beck arrives there with the red liquid and tells her to go to her room. after going to her room, she asked everett for his help to escape from this place, but he refuses to help her. so she leaves the room to find her own way. there, she notices many other types of patients. unfortunately, helen back finds her and tells her to come with him. he shows her the picture of the same man we saw at the movies beginning, who attempted suicide. he then asks her if she knows him or not. in reply, she tells him that she will say the truth, but in one condition, and that is he has to allow her to make a phone call. helen back agrees to this. now, sharon says that the guy in the picture is niko, whom she dated back then, but they broke up eventually. and here we come to know that the grave where she went was none other than nikos. lastly, she tells the doctor that he attempted suicide for some reason, but she doesn't believe this. she then asks the doctor to let him make her a call. he hands her the phone, but upon picking the phone up, she realizes that the telephone is already dead. this makes her very angry, and she comes back to her room. she again tries to escape and goes to a room where she sees nico's piano and a rope hanging from the ceiling. she gets very scared on seeing that. just then two men from the facility see her and take her to an experimental room. there they chop one of her legs mercilessly. she wakes up and finds out her leg is attached to her body and it was stitched back by hell and back. she becomes shocked, as she can control the movement of her leg normally. helen back then shows her the red liquid that is being injected to her. he also tells her that his liquid is called bms and can rapidly cure any sort of injury. after listening to everything, she asks him why he is doing all this to innocent people. and in reply, he says that he is doing this only to those people who are like her. the doctor then leaves the room. sharon then goes to everett's room and tells him that she saw her ex, who died 10 years ago. hearing this, he becomes very angry and go straight to talk to helen back and asks him why he lied to him about the fact that they released everyone after 3 months. he also tells him that he knows that there is a man who has been here for 10 years. helen back says that he can't do anything about this, as this is not in his hand. everett then demands to talk to the management. helen back agrees and takes him to a senior but he is actually taking him to the experimental room. upon reaching the room, two men grab him and cut his tongue off. again. on the other hand, sharon again comes to the same room where she saw the piano. there she finds a piano only, and not the rope. she plays it for a while. she then sees a facility member across the corridor and follows him. she reaches the exit of the facility, but in opening the door, she finds a brick wall that is enclosing the door. that means the view she saw while picking through the door is actually fake. she again comes to the same room where the piano is, and now she also finds the rope there. she gets confused. then all of a sudden, nico's hanging dead body falls in front of her from the ceiling, and she gets very scared. she runs out of the room. dr hellenbach finds and tells her that there is nothing in the room, taking her with him. even she couldn't find anything in the room, neither the piano nor the dead body. then helen back takes her to her room. before this however, sharon steals the keys from helen back's pocket. after getting the keys, she goes to cassandra's room. and they both then go to helen back's office to investigate. after searching for a long time, she finds the map of the place, and there they found the exit. but there is a problem, and that is hellenbach finds out that his keys are missing. to cover their identity, sharon and cassandra were the uniform of the facility members. while they are heading to the exit, a facility member notices them, and he has doubt. the facility member starts coming towards him. just then cassandra slits her own throat to save sharon. sharon wastes no time and runs away from there. on her way, she finds a patient who tries to kill her. rizzo arrives there and saves her. both of them start running again, and eventually hide inside the room. but there, riza starts misbehaving with her, but she can't do anything, as the members of the facility are outside. she stays quiet and tolerates everything. as soon as they left, she kills rizzo somehow and escapes from there. after many hurdles, she finally gets out of the facility. now everyone is searching for her. she then enters a house to find help, but there is no one. then suddenly she sees nico's dead body there. and when she starts to look around, she realizes that she is still in the facility. she never left. when she opens her eyes, she realizes that this was all her imagination. the facility members then hang her with a rope in the same room where there is a piano. she wakes up again and finds herself on the bed. in her room, there, she sees dr helen back, who is treating her. she asks him why they are not killing her. and in reply, he says that they don't kill anyone here. he again asks her about her past, but she doesn't say anything. later, sharon goes to everett and asks him how he came here. he tell her that he got into a severe accident, and that when he woke up, he found himself in this facility. she then again asks him about his past life, if he had ever done something bad he has regression about he denies it. then she tells him that she regrets something she has done 10 years ago, and she thinks that's why she is here, she goes to cassandra and tells her that she was burnt again, and she thinks she deserves it. there she shares one of her past incidents. cassandra burned an entire farm just to save 600 animals. the owner of the farm died. she thinks that they are doing the same thing to her, and she deserves it. cassandra also tells her that she thinks that the only way to get out of here is death. in response to this, sharon tells her that they are dead already. she explains to her that when cassandra was brought here before, that she ate a poisonous mushroom, and due to food poisoning, she was admitted to a hospital. and after that, she found herself in the facility. likewise, everett found himself here after the accident. and sharon herself was admitted to a hospital before, and when she woke up, found herself here. furthermore, she tells cassandra that they all have died already, and this place is hell. cassandra becomes confused after hearing all of this. she asked her why she is here in hell. then sharon replies that 10 years ago, she killed her ex-boyfriend, nico, and that's why she is here. now we see the story of nico. sharon and nico were dating each other, and one day, during one fight, she mistakenly slits his throat. he died on the spot. sharing it, scared that if anyone gets to know about it, then she will be arrested. so she hang his dead body with a rope and frame a suicidal scene. now, coming back to the present, sharon goes to helen back and tells her the story of dante, who was sent to hell, where he was tortured and to be healed so that he can be tortured again hell. and back becomes surprised after hearing this, as no one has ever found out the truth. and here we come to know that they are actually in hell. sharon asks him if he is the devil. so in reply, he says that there is no devil. he also says that he was also a patient here. after his death, he was also tortured. but after three months, everyone gets to torture other people, and so he is torturing others. he further tells her that if anyone refuses to do so, the person is being tortured. more. and that's how the system works here. here we come to know that helen back has been here since 1969. she further asks him if anyone can die here. and in response, he says that here no one can die, as hell is a place for their regression. just then nico comes there, who is here for the last 10 years because of his bad deeds. he again tries to hang sharon the same way she did to him. but sharing makes him believe that she loved him truly, and she has never loved anyone so much like this. she also tells him that she is the one who used to put candles at his grave. after saying all this, she asks nico to forgive her, as she can change the past, but she can at least regret it. further, she asks him to hang her again. after hearing all this, niko changes his mind and takes her to the exit. seeing nico and sharon going towards the exit, helen back comes there and tells him not to do so. but miko doesn't listen to him and takes sharon to the exit. there they find a bridge that joins hell in the human world. they both step on it to cross it. but as soon as niko tries to cross it, the bridge starts falling apart and breaks. luckily, sharon makes it to the other side. when she turns around, she finds sneak on the other side and two men are taking him back to the facility. she then follows the light and goes out of the place. she opens her eyes and finds herself on a bed at the hospital where she is being treated. the doctor there tells her that her heart was stopped for 15 seconds, which means she was dead for 15 seconds, but now she is fine. she then checks the incision on her stomach and understand that it is still healing. she feels relieved after seeing this. in the end, we see after being discharged, she comes home and starts searching on the internet about all those people whom she met in hell. she finds out that everyone died the exact same day. they told her as cassandra died because of food poisoning. dr hellenbach died in 1969. sharing then goes to nico's grave and lights a candle. here we come to know that sherry never wanted to kill nico. it was an accident, but she still regrets it. and niko also realized that sharon has nothing to do with it. it was all a mistake, and forgave her. she hung his dead body just to save herself. and she also regrets it, and that's why she was ready to tolerate the torture as well. this is the reason why she is able to come back from hell, whereas the other people in hell have done so much worse in their past, which is why they can never come back from hell. and the movie ends here. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 