[Music]. as dominic tereto is being transported to prison by bus, his sister mia toretto and friend brian o'connor lead an assault on the bus, freeing dom. while the authorities search for them, the trio escapes to rio de janeiro, awaiting dom's arrival. mia and brian join their friend vince and other participants on a job to steal three cars from a train. brian and mia discover that agents from the u.s drug enforcement administration are also on the train and that the cars are seized properly. when dom arrives at the train with his accomplices, he realizes that their leader, zizi, is only interested in stealing one car, a ford gt40. dom has mia steal the car herself before he and brian fight zz and his henchmen, during which zz kills the dea agents assigned to the vehicles. dom and brian are captured and brought to crimelord hernan reyes, the owner of the cars and aziz's boss. reyes orders the pair interrogated to discover the location of the car, but they managed to escape and retreat to their safe house. while brian dom and mia examine the car to discover its importance. vince arrives and is caught trying to remove a computer chip from it. he admits he was planning to sell the chip to reyes on his own, and dom forces him to leave. brian investigates the chip and discovers it contains the complete financial details of reyes's criminal empire, including the locations of 100 million dollars in u.s cash. diplomatic security service agent luke hobbs and his team arrive in rio to arrest dom and brian. with the help of local officer elena neves, they travel to dom's safe house, but find it under assault by reyes's men searching for the chip. brian, dom and mia escape. dom suggests they split up and leave rio, but mia announces she is pregnant with brian's child. dom agrees to stick together and suggests they steal the money from reyes to start a new life. they organize a team to perform the heist, which includes han roman, tej giselle, leo and santos. vince later joins the team after saving mia from being captured by reyes's men, since it would be difficult to steal from 10 different locations. dom's team attack one of those locations and burn 10 million dollars in front of reyes's staff. afraid of further attacks, reyes consolidates the remaining 90 million in a new vault inside a police station. dom's team buys cars and equipment and creates a plan to steal the money. hobbs and his team eventually find and arrest dom mia, brian and vince. while transporting them to the airport for extradition to the united states. the convoy is attacked by reyes's men, who kill hobbs team. hobbs and elena are saved by dom brian, mia and vince, who escaped the assault, but vince is fatally shot. wanting to avenge his murdered team, hobbs and elena agree to help with the heist. the gang break into the police station and tear the vault holding reyes's money from the building using their cars, dragging it through the city. after an extensive police chase, dom has brian continue on without him while he attacks the police and at the pursuing reyes, using the vault attached to his car to smash their vehicles. brian returns and kills zizi, while reyes is badly injured by dom's assault. hobbs arrives on the scene and executes reyes. though hobbes refuses to let dom and brian go free, he gives them a 24-hour head start to escape, on the condition that they leave the vault as it is. however, the vault is empty, as it had been switched during the chase. after splitting the cache, dom's team go their separate ways on a tropical beach, brian challenges dom to a final no stakes race to prove who is the better driver. in a mid-credits scene, hobbs is given a file by monica fuentes concerting the hijack of a military convoy in berlin, where he discovers a recent photo of dom's former girlfriend, letty, who had been presumed dead, 