movie recap. this film tells of a boy named jassy. he is the grandson of schneider. the two of them were hunting in the forest when he stumbles on a mysterious staircase deep in the woods. in 1997, their disappearance leaves locals confused about the fate of the stray couple. twenty years later, a group of hikers set out on the same hiking trail. what is the fate of the group of climbers? will suffer the same fate? this movie begins with a mother and her child going to their grandmother in a village located on the edge of the forest near a mountain. after arriving, they seem to have been waiting for their grandparents. grandfather's name is schneider, and grandson's name is jasmine. once there, the grandfather took his grandson to hunt animals in the forest. after packing things into the car, his mother and grandmother advised him not to be far from his grandfather. they both get in the car and they rushed to the forest. [Music]. after arriving, the grandfather took hunting equipment. the grandfather prepared the rifle. jassy was also told to hold the gun. they hurriedly walked along the path into the middle of the forest. on the way there was a deer. jassy was told to shoot. her grandfather taught her to aim properly. and jassy turned out to be aiming right at the deer's body. rushing her grandfather and jassy to find the results of the aim. his grandfather praised his grandson for his achievements. the grandfather said not to be far from him. he ordered to follow from behind. the grandfather found traces of the deer's blood and followed the blood splatter. it was felt that there was more and more blood there. it was possible that the deer had time to rest and stop around there. then they suddenly stopped. and jas was talking to some kind of animal, and the skunk was the first to walk in front. when calling for jassy, and looking back, he was not there. he just realized that his grandson was missing. he came back and looked for his grandson. meanwhile, jazzy was left by her grandfather. instead follow the animal. then the animal ran away, and he chased after it. when jassy chased him, he stopped in the middle of the road and was surprised that in the middle of the forest, there was a unique staircase. then jassy got on it. his grandfather kept looking for his grandson. he returned to the road he had walked, then he found his grandson's bag and rifle. while jassy up the stairs and down towards the back of the stairs, father panic ran and continued to look for his grandson. so that the grandfather unexpectedly met the mysterious stairs. then he listened to the sound of his grandson being pulled for help. his grandson was pulled into a door behind the stairs by a mysterious person. then his grandfather tried to help him, but they both disappeared, and disappeared mysteriously on the stairs. 20 years later, somewhere in a rest area, there was a group of people stopping to pee. then they went in to buy drinks and food. they both said that if they wanted to go to kilometer 20. the two young men said they wanted to do a hike. the shop guard said, you had to bring complete equipment. you have to be careful because there are small children who often interfere. said the shopkeeper. the mysterious child likes to spread conspiracies. there. don't disturb the child. nick thought for a moment. he seemed to be thinking about the child, while the other young man named looks relaxed. with the shopkeeper's words, they both got back into the car. the two of them continued to make their way back. in the middle of the trip, nick was silent. i don't know what he was thinking, while chuck asked him, is he okay? after arriving at their destination, it turned out that they had been awaited by two female friends, namely jordan and rebica. meanwhile, chuck hasn't come yet. maybe he's a little late. after meeting each other, and they were so happy, because i haven't seen you in a long time. while waiting for the other friend, suddenly there was a mysterious voice in the middle of the forest. after a while waiting for chuck to come, nick finally told him that he couldn't come, and was replaced by doug. nick explains that at the bar, he met chuck and he was replaced by doug. after they chat for a while, doug appears with his metal style. when they arrived, they parked the car at the lower camp post. after getting acquainted, they packed up their luggage to take to the hike because it was 20 miles away. [Music]. the climb began. the four of them started walking down the hiking trail while telling long stories. they continued to climb through the forest. they had already traveled five hours, and it's still less than five hours when you get to the second post. they had to arrive within that time, because at post one, it was already evening. and usually spend the night there. doug teases nick because he already looks exhausted. they take short breaks to recover their energy. and unloads nick's belongings dot and picks his luggage. items that are not really needed and burdensome are reduced so that it is a little lighter to carry. after they had enough, they continued their journey back. they found some kind of bear's den. but this is a house made of a pile of wood shape. they don't know what place it is. then hurried away from that place. slowly, they continued to climb. suddenly, rebecca's shoes weren't to come off. then diane stopped to fix it. and while taking time to drink water, but suddenly startled by a woman approaching in front of him, barefoot and covered in blood. his face was terrifying. he was scared and covered his face. luckily, the mysterious person left immediately. rebecca immediately ran after her friend in the front row. the mysterious voice reappeared, making her panic. she screamed. luckily, jordan and the others heard and spontaneously looked for rebecca, who was left behind. rebecca was still in the shadow of the mysterious person. she kept running, and finally she fell another friend finally found him. he tells that he met a scary woman. others don't even believe it. even doug thought he was drinking alcohol. while others calm him down by giving him water. yet they all did not see the woman. after getting better, finally, they resumed climbing again. but unexpectedly, doug turned out to go first, making everyone panic. and looking for him, they find her bag in clothes. and it turns out doug turns out to be bathing in the river. the others even want to take a bath as well. however, after getting up, doug was bitten by a lot of leeches. then jordan released the leeches that were stuck all over his body. after wearing their clothes, they hurriedly left the place and continued their journey. in the middle of the journey, they were surprised by a person who spoke digress that person is depressed. then they started to approach him. it turned out that the mysterious man was talking to a woman who was holding a baby. jodin approached the woman and tried to calm her down. while doug saw the man's head was leaking. he told the others to get some medicine, but the man told them not to interfere. nick looked at the person until he was about to vomit, while rebecca walked away in fear. jordan took a closer look at the woman and baby, but instead frightened to see the shape of the face and the baby full of blood. suddenly, the man got angry and told them to leave. he took a gun pointed at them, but instead, the gun was shot in his own neck. but strangely, the person did not die. the woman also immediately stood up while holding the baby. the baby turned into a caterpillar. but big the four of them decided to stay away and run as fast as possible. and decided to stop at a tree that had rotted. ain't no one of us gonna go back there. that was a baby, right? the four of them decided to stop and plan to spend the night there. nick still didn't seem to believe what had happened. he looked agitated and wanted to help the baby. nick had asked rebecca if he really saw a woman on the street exactly the same as the woman holding the baby. the others had calmed him down in the end. he used to think calmly. doug ordered the drink he brought with him, but there it is, strictly forbidden to drink intoxicating drinks. after dark, they pitch their tents. they want to spend the night there because the journey to the first post is still far. after finishing setting up the tent, and night came, they light a bonfire. doug was busy drinking alcohol. jordan rebecca looked sleepy. they both said goodbye to sleep in the tent. meanwhile, doug also wants to sleep, even though his mind is messed up due to drinking alcohol. niche sleeps first, while only one person stays outside. after all fell asleep, doug dreamed that he was in bed with rebecca. he felt like he was real suddenly, a mysterious creature whose face all mouths came and dragged doug, in a sleeping state, into the middle of the forest. doug was immediately killed by being bitten by the mysterious creature. doug screamed, and his friends all woke up and checked. it turned out to be doug's voice asking for help. they searched in the tent. he was not in his tent. then they searched around the tent, but doug couldn't find it. then proceed with the path of the river to enter the forest. they wanted to search apart, but they decided to search together. on the way, they found shoes and blankets as well as blood. they are sure that doug is around there. unexpectedly, their search is far from the tent. they make a tent. they end up lost in the forest. while the map is still in the tent. suddenly, from a distance, they saw a bright light. everyone was curious, and they tried to get closer. slowly, they approached the light source. they all wonder why there is a ladder in the middle of the forest. then they climb the ladder. nick asks his friend to come down from the ladder. i'm okay with that, nick told his friends to focus on finding doug. just after they were about to leave, niche's friend even went behind the stairs. he told that he found a door. they came to see behind the stairs. because the door is not usually opened, they broke down the door and he fell inside. nick came in to help his colleague. as they were about to go up and out, they heard a strange sound, like someone's inside. they both didn't go up. they both looked for the source of the sound. they saw the situation inside. they were confused that the place had a lot of big pita pipes. they were surprised there was a small child in there. the boy asked his grandfather, named schneider. they both heard voices like someone else. then the boy said that the person was a hunter. that child is jassy, the grandson of a hunter. they asked for the exit to jassy. he replied that the door was always moving. they are both heron in the forest. there can be many to hundreds of tanks in the ground. they kept looking for the exit at the same time. suddenly, jassy's body trembled. they asked it turns out that jassy saw a mysterious hunter whose shape was scary, facing them. then they ran after they found their door, up the exit stairs. nick, carrying jassy, took him outside. but his friend nick stopped. he wanted to see what it looked like. and in the end, he was even killed by the mysterious creature. finally, nick can go out with the little boy by closing the door tightly. finally, nick used to go out with the little boy by closing the door tightly. while with a pale and sad face, he held the door, the mysterious creature kept banging on wanting to chase nick and the child. after feeling safe, then jordan approached and asked actually what was in there. he said that our friend died in there. nick ordered to run and immediately get out of this forest. however, the door was successfully broken down by the mysterious creature. finally, with all their might, they ran away from the strange person's pursuit. finally, with all their might, they ran away from the strange person's pursuit. in the middle of the trip, nick actually fell in a puddle of mud. but it smelled like carrion. everyone wanted to vomit. then they kept running, and finally found a car. they managed to get in the car. suddenly, rebecca was the last to enter. suddenly, the creature bit and pulled her head from above, and she died. nick asked the boy his real name. then the kid said his name was jassy. he had a grandfather named gene schneider. his grandfather was a hunter. nick was confused. he remembered that his childhood friend had the same name, and his grandfather's name was the same. the length of the child is also the same. then nick is shocked and impossible that this usually happens. what's really going on? jordan me nick then told him everything. and it's true that the little boy was indeed a schoolmate. 20 years ago, his grandfather went missing hunting with the boy. it's possible that he entered into a different dimension. but this is strange but true, said nick. when they feel safe, they peek through the window. and suddenly the car was shaken to be overturned. nick looks for something in the car, if there is an item used to kill the mysterious creature. nick finds the long barrel and ammunition, but only four rounds. jordan wanted to distract through the side door by throwing something hope. the creature chases him, after diverting attention by throwing kitchen utensils, then the creature looked for him. at the same time, the door immediately opened and seen jordan carrying a gun, and then shot up to four times. he didn't die. the mysterious creature immediately approached jordan and immediately bit jordan. jordan died on the spot. only the little boy, san nick, was still alive. they later found a gas cylinder and a flare. then the tube is thrown at him, and nick immediately threw the flare right on his body. the mysterious creature ran with fire all over its body towards the mysterious stairs. and finally, the mysterious staircase caught fire with the mysterious person. the next day, then the police came to check the place. nick and the child await further investigations. and finally, jossey's grandmother and mother found her. they were so happy and couldn't believe that jassy was still alive, although his physique is still the same as when he disappeared 20 years ago. and the film's story ends 