a family falls victim to a group of mutated cannibals in a desert far away from civilization. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2006 horror thriller titled the hills have eyes. take a seat and enjoy. the movie starts out with three guys in new mexico, where they test for radiation in the desert. a bleeding guy leaps in front of one of the men, pleading for assistance. pluto, a man who was mutated after being exposed to nuclear testing, attacked the person and beat him up with reckless abandon the two other guys are butchered, hung from the back of a vehicle and taken away. an owner at a remote gas station picks up a bag filled with human body parts and random belongings from some unfortunate people. as he was going through the items, he got interrupted by a customer. ethel carter and her retired police detective husband, bob carter are going from cleveland, ohio to san diego, california to celebrate their silver wedding anniversary, additionally, their daughter, brenda, son bobby, oldest daughter, lynn, her husband, doug bukowski, and their infant daughter, catherine, as well as the german shepherds, beauty and beast, are there. while big bob is speaking with the gas station manager, someone snatches bobby's red sweater off the vehicle and flees. bobby wants to take a leak, and he enters a nearby wooden toilet when he notices someone observing him through the window. while urinating, he stops. one of the dogs escapes to the gas station, and lynn goes after the dog. she stumbles upon the bag with people's belongings and human body parts. the gas station owner stops her from discovering more about the bag content, and he decides he does not want to take a risk of being exposed for still unknown crimes. he then tells bob about the shortcut, which is actually a deadly trap. bob thanks him, unaware the owner just sent his family to die. after a few kilometers on the shortcut, the truck's tires are pierced by a concealed spike belt, causing the wheels to rupture in the vehicle to fall into a nearby ditch. bob goes back to the petrol station for a tow truck, while doug walks in the other direction for assistance. meanwhile, someone is watching the other members of the family via a pair of binoculars. suddenly, beauty smells something and runs into the hills. bobby goes after her, only to discover her mutilated corpse. bobby flees, terrified and upset, but stumbles and falls, knocking himself unconscious. while her brother goggle, nibbles on the dead dog. a young female mutant called ruby, who had stolen bobby's hoodie, stumbles upon him and is intrigued by him. meanwhile, doug stumbles upon multiple craters that look like a result of a nuclear bomb detonation. the craters are filled with abandoned cars, so he checks them out to see if he could find anything useful. later that night, bob finally makes it back to the gas station where he finds out more about what is going on here. he then encounters the hysterical gas station owner, who later commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. bob attempts to leave the situation in his vehicle, overcome with dread. however, he is attacked by the mutant leader, papa jupiter. with the help from his deformed sons, jupiter captures unfortunate bob. bob is then taken away to the nearby mining caves by the mutant leader. as soon as bobby regains consciousness, he returns to the trailer and does not inform his family of beauty's execution. meanwhile, as they speak inside the trailer, beast manages to release himself from his chain and flees into the hills where he comes upon what's left of beauty. meanwhile, as they speak inside the trailer, the absence of bob's return has caused bobby to be concerned about his father. doug assures bobby that they will look for bob if he does not return by midnight. later that evening, as they are trying to sleep, pluto sneaks into the trailer and finds brenda with the intention of raping her. lobby wakes up lynn and doug outside the trailer, telling them about the people in the hills and about beauty's death. lynn and doug are shocked and confused. brenda is restrained inside by pluto, who stops her from shouting. suddenly, an explosion in the distance attracts the attention of the others, who are just about to discover pluto for themselves finding bob tied to a tree and set on fire. doug rushes into the trailer to get a fire extinguisher, while lizard slips into the trailer unnoticed, as everyone unintentionally leaves the defenseless brenda alone with the two dangerous guys. blizzard observes pluto's failed attempts to rape brenda. furious, he throws pluto off and takes care of it himself. later, pluto comes upon catherine in her crib and keeps an eye on her as lizard continues to rape brenda. doug extinguishes the fire and frees bob, who is already dead. while lynne goes to the trailer to discover why brenda is screaming, and is met by lizard, who is carrying baby catherine and big bob's pistol, and pluto, who is holding brenda. lizard disarms lin after she strikes him with a frying pan, and threatens catherine with a pistol. he yanks open lynn's shirt and sucks the breast milk from her ethel then enters the trailer in an attempt to smash lizard's head, but pluto warns him and lizard manages to shoot ethel and kill her. lin then stabs lizard with a screwdriver, prompting lizard to shoot her in the head. pluto and lizard escape the trailer, capturing brenda and catherine. lizard attempts to kill brenda as he hears doug and bobby coming, but the pistol is empty of ammunition. when doug and bobby return to the trailer, they find the corpses and know catherine has been kidnapped. goggle, the mutant who murdered beauty, is watching the trailer via binoculars when beast attacks and kills him. doug sets out in search of their assailants the following morning, and beast takes him into a tunnel filled with mining graves. when doug emerges from the tunnel, he discovers an abandoned nuclear testing town and enters the home where catherine is being held captive, only to be struck unconscious by big mama, whom he mistook for someone who was watching television. he later awakens in an ice box, which is where the mutants store their victims corpses. he becomes agitated and knocks on the plastic cover, finally loosening it, he resumes his search for catherine, only to be interrupted by big brain, who explains him the story about the mutants that were mutated by the fallout from the nuclear testing. pluto then appears out of nowhere, smashing through the door. they get into some serious fight where doug loses his fingers, but decides to turn that against the stupid mutant. he pretends to be crying in agony, and pluto immediately stops the attack just to enjoy doug's agony. doug slams a screwdriver through his foot into the floor, pinning him down. he then grabs a tiny american flag and shoves it down pluto's throat, before finishing him out by smashing his own axe blade into his skull. doug then confronts the mutant cyst outside the home and kills him with pluto's axe, cutting his knee open and knocking him over the bonnet of a vehicle. he gets chopped in the back before being killed when doug smashes the pick end into his eye. doug grabs his shotgun and walks away. big brain orders lizard to assassinate catherine, and then gets assassinated by beast. lizard prepares to murder catherine with a cleaver, but instead of catherine, he discovers a pig. ruby has grabbed catherine and escaped towards the hills. lizard realizes this and continues after her. angered by her trickery, doug spots ruby on the hill and follows her. ruby is about to return catherine to dug in the hills when lizard appears. doug beats lizard and then shoots him in the chest, neck and shoulder. ruby returns catherine to doug, who is unaware that lizard has survived and has stood up. ruby throws herself at lizard, hurling them over a cliff, preventing lizard from shooting doug and catherine, while also sacrificing herself. meanwhile, on the hills surrounding the trailer, bobby discovers papa jupiter devouring ethel's heart. after her corpse is taken and carried into the hills, bobby is pursued by jupiter to the trailer where brenda unleashes gas from the propane tanks. bobby dashes inside, securing the sliding door behind him with a strip of matches that will soon explode everything in the air. bobby ties the hand of papa jupiter to the window. jupiter gets free from the bungee rope soon after everyone else escaped, and opens the sliding door, striking the matches and igniting the gas inside the trailer, causing it to explode. bobby and brenda explore the wreckage of their trailer and discover papa jupiter, who is still alive, but impaled. brenda takes a pickaxe to the head of papa jupiter and murders him. brenda then notices doug with catherine and beast, and the quartet is reunited. a pair of unknown binoculars observes them from the hills as they celebrate their seeming triumph. it looks like the degenerate family has even more members we are not aware of. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 