welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about fantastic planet. in the distant future, the gargantuan, blue humanoid drags have brought human beings, who are called homes, as a play on the french word for man, um from earth to the planet y gam, where they maintain a technologically and spiritually advanced society. the drags consider ohm's animals. and while they keep some as pets, others live in the wilderness and are periodically slaughtered by the drags who wish to control their population. drags have much longer lifespans than gnomes, but reproduce much less. when an old mother is teased to death by three drug children, her orphaned infant is found by master sin, a key drug leader, and his daughter, tiwa, who keeps the boy as a pet and names him tur tiwa loves tur and is careful not to hurt him, but in accordance with her parents instructions, keeps him under control. giving him a collar with which she can pull him in any direction. she brings her to sessions in which she receives her education using a headset that transmits knowledge into her mind. and a defect in his collar allows him to receive the knowledge too. around the time that tiwa grows into her teens and first performs drug meditation, which allows the species to travel with their minds, she loses some interest in tur, who has become a young man and acquired much drug knowledge, he escapes into the wilderness, stealing to his headset. there he runs into a wild female home, who cuts off his collar and introduces him to her tribe, which lives in an abandoned drug park full of strange creatures and landscapes. tur shows them how to use the headset to acquire drug knowledge and literacy, winning the right to do so in a duel, the literacy they gain allows them to read a drug announcement that the park will be purged of ohms. and when the purge comes, some are slaughtered by drug technology, while others escape. joining forces with another tribe, they are attacked by two drug passers by and managed to kill one of them before escaping to an abandoned drug rocket depot. much to the outrage of drug leaders. they lived there for years, joined by many other romes, and due to the knowledge acquired from tur's headset, managed to replicate drug technology, including two rockets. they hope to leave wygam for its moon, the wild planet, and live their safe from drags. when a large-scale drog purge hits the depot and many oms are slaughtered, a group led by tur uses the rockets to flee to the wild planet, where they discover large statues that drags travel to during meditation and used to meet beings from other galaxies in a strange ritual that maintains their species. the ohms destroy some of the statues, threatening the drag's existence. the genocide is halted on wygam, and facing a crisis, the drags sue for peace. the omes agreed to leave the wild planet to the drags for their meditations, and in return, an artificial satellite is put into orbit around ygam and is given to the ohms as a new home. this leads to an era of peaceful coexistence between the two species, who now benefit from each other's way of thinking. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 