the Marvel Cinematic Universe begins with Iron Man 1. Tony Stark is a billionaire, genius weapons developer. one day is captured by terrorists. and so he built himself a prototype Iron Man suit. busts on out of there. he realised that stark weapons are falling into the wrong hands, so he decides to stop making weapons and instead make an Iron Man suit. he goes over there, fights all the terrorists, but his partner was the one selling to the terrorists, so he built his own Iron Man suit. these two have a fight. long story short, Iron Man wins, and he's like, screw secret identities. I'm Iron Man. then Nick Fury comes off Sam Jackson. he's like, I'm building the Avengers. stay tuned for that later. The Incredible Hulk, a generic Hulk backstory, you know it. Bruce Banner blasted with gamma rays. when he gets angry, turns into the giant green rage monster. in Iron Man 2, Iron Man's a superstar, but Mickey Rourke over in Russia, builds his own Iron Man suit. he gives this one whips. skipping over Tony's health issues, his friend Don Cheadle grabs an Iron Man suit, takes it to the US. military. he becomes the war machine, but Mickey Rourke hacks the suit. so black widows gotta bust in. she's been posing as Tony's new secretary after his last one, Pepper Potts, he started dating and promoted her to CEO. Black Widow unhak sim. so Iron Man and war machine team-up, take out all the drones. Mickey Rourke shows up with a new whip suit, but they Dragon Ball Z bean battle, blast him, and the day is saved. next up is Thor. in the magical realm of Asgard. lives for the literal god of thunder from Norse mythology. his brother Loki, the god of mischief, convinces him to beat up some ice trolls. but this pisses off his father, Odin, so he banishes him down to earth. stripped of his powers, Loki sends down the destroyer to blast up New Mexico. Thor fights him with no powers, gets totally wrecked, but that makes him worthy. some house with a hammer flies back. boom. thunder powers easily beats up this thing, kisses Natalie Portman, flies up there, beats up his brother. Loki's hanging on. but then he's like, screw you guys. I'm out. next is Captain America. Steve Rogers wants to fight in World War 2, but he's a super wimp. but he's got a lot of heart. so scientists like, hey, we're gonna use you, inject you with the super steroids. boom, Captain America. so Captain America fighting Nazis, but on a train mission, his best friend, Bucky falls into the snow. Oh No. meanwhile, this Nazi finds the magical blue cube, uses it to make laser guns. and he's like, gasps through, Hitler, hail Hydra. he also did some super steroids, but it backfired. and he's got the Red Skull, uh. red skulls got an army of laser guns. and this playing with the super laser new garnet. so Captain America busts on there, beats him up. auto pilots too strong. only way he can go is down. so he crashes into the Arctic, where, in modern times, they defrost him. and nick fury's like, you'll welcome to the future now. it's the Avengers shield. found the magic cube, so they do some science on it, but boom, opened up a portal and Loki shows up. he's got a cool new scepter, uses it to brainwash Hawkeye, takes the Kuban, gets out of there. so Nick Fury is like, yo. assemble the Avengers. we got Iron Man Captain America. Black Widow goes to find Bruce Banner. and they all hang out on this flying aircraft carrier. look, he's doing low-key things. but they bust in and beat him up. Thor comes in though, grabs him. he's like, your brother, you can't conquer earth. not cool. but Iron Man in Thor fight because they've never met before. so Loki's captured, but hot guys still brainwashed, comes in there. boom, explosion makes the Hulk Hulk out. so Thor has to fight the Hulk. black widow on brainwashes Hawkeye. n Agent Coulson dies, although he comes back in the TV show now in New York. look, he's opening a portal to space, where the army of jet ski riding aliens come in. they also have space whales. so the Avengers Assemble. boom, bang, pow. beat up all the aliens, whole grabs Loki. BAM, Puni god. Iron Man grabs a nuke, throws it through the portal that blows up the alien mothership. luckily, all the aliens were connected to its Wi-Fi. they take Loki to space Jail, and after the credits, we see fan OHS, who's that? he's gonna be big later. Iron Man 3, there's a new terrorist called the Mandarin. Tony. he's like, he'll come at me, bro. so he does, blows up his house. Tony gets in his suit though, flies away. but Iron Man's out of battery. he leaves it with this kid while he goes old-school style. but the Mandarin, turns out is just an actor, and the real bad guy is guy Pierce, who's got some complicated plan involving fire powers to Tony's suit, still charging. but then he remembers, oh, I've got like a million suits in my garage, and they're all remote control. so he has a fight with guy Pierce where he switches suits a bunch of times, and dumb story short, he wins. now it's Thor, dark world. so like the Dark Elves had the super-powerful ether, Thor needs Loki's help. so he busts him out of jail for a little brother adventure time. look, he gets himself killed, saving Thor. Dark Elves head to London for the convergence of worlds. gonna use the ether to destroy the universe, or whatever. authority. he have a fight, but there's a lot of portals. and long story short, Thor wins, except Odin has been replaced by Loki. oh, man, what a trickster. and they give the ether to the collector. who's that? you'll see now. Captain America, the Winter Soldier, Nick Fury, assassinated by this guy with a robot arm. it's the Winter Soldier. turns out shield has been secretly taken over by Hydra. so Captain America, a big elevator fight, has to bust out of there, grabs his new best friend, the Falcon, fights the Winter Soldier, but, oh, it's his old best friend, Bucky, who fell off the train. snow wah. turns out he was captured by Hydra and/or the Russians, giving super steroids and brainwashed. Nick Fury survived, so he shoots the main villain, but the helicarrier's have already launched. they're gonna blow up the world, or whatever. so Captain America sneaks onboard, reprograms them to blow up each other. he has to fight the Winter Soldier again, but he's like, the own when you're my friend, Bucky, I'm not gonna fight you. so they crash. Bucky saves him and then walks off into the distance. now it's guardians of the galaxy. Peter quill, kid in the 80s. mom dies of cancer, abducted by aliens, grows up to be the legendary outlaw star-lord who loves eighties music. he finds a really valuable orb, but this bad blue guy wants it, and he's working for Thanos, who has two adopted daughters. the blue one is nebula, and the greenland's Gamora. Gamora finds quill, first grabs the orb, but Rocket Raccoon and group the tree are there. they're bounty hunting quill, but the cops come and everyone goes to jail. in jail, they meet Drax, whose family was killed by the blue guy. but the morons like, you, I don't even like him. in fact, I'm trying to be a good guy now. so they work together to bust out of jail. and they bring the orb to the collector, and he explains about the Infinity stones, super-powerful stones, but they don't have to be stone shaped. the tesseract was one and the ether was another. this one is the power stone, and it is quite volatile. just then the bad guys show up. long story short, they take it. so blue guy is glowy purple now, about to destroy the planet, but distracted by Peter quill challenging him to a dance-off. while he's distracted, they not lose the Power Stone. bill grabs it, and they hold hands together, control it, blow up the bad guy. they give it to the Nova Corps ons. and are, if that means anything to you, Group saves the team by sacrificing his body. and group survive. these baby group now so cute. now, Avengers, age of Ultron. the Avengers on a mission tracking down Loki's scepter at this Hydra base, where they also have the super twins, Quicksilver, super fast and scarlet witch's psychic. but they get the scepter, realize they could use it to create artificial intelligence. Tony Stark's like, you let's make a super robot to save the world. but Ultron's like, I've got a better idea. I'm gonna destroy the Avengers. he recruits the super twins and Scarlet Witch messes with their minds, including Bruce Banner. so he Hulk's out, starts rampaging the city, and Ironman has to come in with the Hulkbuster armor, which is mostly effective. Ultron finds a scientist like, hey, build me a body. also, inside Loki's scepter is an infinity stone, the mine stone. he puts that on there just for some extra seasoning. super Tunes realized all Tron's gonna destroy the world, so they turn on and become good guys. the body's flying off. long story short, the Avengers get it, only this time we agreement with my virtual Butler, app Jarvis. it works. they created a good guy. he names himself vision. but Ultron's gonna lend up the whole town of sokovia, euthanize a media or. the Avengers fight a bunch of robots. super-sweet slo-mo one take action scene looks like this one. it's sped up. long story short, they win, but Ultron had another body. oh no. he shoots Quicksilver. all sorry, Quicksilver, you are cooler in the xmin movie. anyway, Ultron drops the meteor, or so Iron Man and Thor have to double penetrate it. boom, blows it up, saves the day. Hulk ended up on a plane somehow. Blackwood, it was like, he'll come on back now. boo. cuz he and Bruce Banner kind of got our romance going. but he hangs up on her cuz Hulk needs some alone time. then they build an Avengers headquarters where they've got all these new faces. now, basically the b-list heroes. speaking of b-list, its ant-man. Paul Rudd plays Scott Lang, the burglar with the heart of gold. long story short, he meets scientist Hank Pym, who invented a Pym particle, which can shrink things down and cool. but the bad guy figured it out. he's gonna weaponize it and sell it. so he needs Scott to be ant-man and go steal it. anyway, he mission Impossibles in. but the bad guy knew he was coming. he puts on his yellow jacket suit. they shrink down, have a fight in his daughter's room, which is super epic, until you zoom out. pink has a daughter, hope. long story short, she and Scott fall in love, and he builds his daughter the wasp suit. so she gets to be in the sequel. now it's Captain America Civil War. while saving the world, one day, the Avengers accidentally blow up one building. so the United Nations wants to put all sorts of regulations on them, called the sokovia accords. Tony is actually for it. he thinks the accountability is good. but caps like, yo, we need to be free to do whatever we want. we're the Avengers at the United Nations. it's the king of Wakanda his son, the Prince T'Challa. but a bomb explodes. oh no. who kills his father? who is the bomber? it's the Winter Soldier, captrick stone, Bucky. but it's like, yo, man, it's not me. I'm being framed. so captain helps him escape. but the black panther shows up to no one's surprise. if if black panther is to chala, they want to track down the bad guy. but iron man shows up. he's like, he'll cap, you're breaking all the rules. you got to come in. and he's got an ally. it's spider-man. oh, he made it. you know. spider-man is Peter Parker. we skipped right over his origin story because we've seen it a hundred times. but now all the superheroes have chosen a side, and it's a superhero Civil War. yeah. highlights, ant-man can grow super big and war machine. he gets blasted, and, oh no, he falls really hard. all he survives, but he is legitimately very injured. anyway, cap and Bucky tracking the bad guy Iron Man is doing. the two realizes they may be right, calls a temporary truce. but when they get there, they play this video of when Tony Stark's parents died in a car accident. but it wasn't an accident. it was an assassination carried out by Bakke. that's like, yo, man. he was brainwashed. it doesn't count. but Tony's like, no, I don't care. so these guys have a big fight, and in the end, cap powers down the Iron Man suit, and he's like, you'll forget this. I'm retiring now. it is Doctor Strange. dr. Stephen strange is a rockstar surgeon, but one day gets in the car accident and all his hands, his surgery career is over. goes to see this guru that he heard can heal him. and she's like, yeah, can heal you by teaching you magic bull acid trip through the cosmos? he's like, yeah, teach me magic. luckily he's a fast learner cuz of all those years of med school. but there's an evil wizard with some generic evil plan. he attacks the sanctum, and dr. strange has to defend it with the cloak of levitation. long story short, they have a fight in the movie Inception. and then the Guru comes down, but she gets stabbed, and she's like, Oh, dr. strange. you got to leave the Wizards now. then he has to fly into the Dark Dimension where he meets Dormammu. though he's like, yo, man. leave Earth alone. Dormammu is like, I'm just gonna kill you immediately. but Doctor Strange comes right back. what's up, bro, I use this necklace to create a time loop. you're trapped in this moment with me for all eternity. so drew mom, who kills him an infinite number of times. finally he gets bored. he's like, alright, I'll leave Earth alone. so the day is saved, except this one friend is mad for some reason. gonna be the villain in the next one. and turns out that necklace holds an infinity stone, the time stone. now it's guardians of the galaxy, vol 2. they meet this guy named ego, who is Peter quill Space dad. wha. turns out he's a super-powerful, ancient Celestial he's got a servant named mantis Drax, called her ugly. so watch out for this romance spot. he turns out to be evil. wants to assimilate the universe. they got to go destroy the planet. brain baby groots, the only one small enough to get down there. and unfortunately, he really wants to press the wrong button. but when crunch time comes, he chooses right. boom, blows up the planet. of the sisters. by the way of the thing, they mostly agree not to kill each other for now. also, baby Groot grows up into teenage Kurt. now spider-man homecoming after the events of Civil War, telling he's like, yo, don't be an Avenger. just lay low, be a friendly neighborhood spider-man. but he does give him a sweet super suit with all this cool, stark tech. then spider-man's hanging around doing, you know, not much. but one day he finds the vulture, splits in half. this fairy. spider-man can't hold it together, so Iron Man's gotta come save his butt again. it's like, okay, kid, give me back the suit. you're grounded. so Peter Parker asks his crush to homecoming towards out her dad is the culture though. what a coincidence. Bulger beats him up, but as he's flying away, his winds are damaged. oh, he explodes. spider-man runs in there, and Forrest Gump's him to safety. Tony's like, hey, you did exactly what I told you not to and it all worked out. you want to be a real adventure and he's like, yeah, man, that dad be cool, but I gotta finish high school first. I'll see you after college. now, its thor ragnarok, literally the best movie ever made. when he gets back to Asgard, Odin's acting real weird. he figures out it's his brother, Loki. even they find their dad, Odin over in Norway. he's like, sorry, my sons, I'm dying. also, you have an older sister named hella, who is the goddess of death. so Odin dies, and Helen comes out looking hella fine. thor tries to hammer his sister but she puts a stop to that and breaks his hammer. no, they teleport out of there, but she follows, kicks them out of the Bifrost, and Thor crashes down on trash planet. he's picked up by sexy, drunken scavenger backery had brought before the Grandmaster. he's gonna make Thor fight as a gladiator, and he has to fight the champion, who is the Incredible Hulk. what? yes, I know that guy. but Hulk wants to fight. so these two Duke it out. long story short, it's kind of a tie. Thor gets the story on how Hulk crash-landed here after age of Ultron. so Thor goes down there and plays the Black Widow message, which makes Hulk turn back into Bruce Banner. they got to escape through the big portal, but they need a new ship, so they get Loki to help steel one nice little brother adventure. meanwhile, on Asgard, hell is taking over, earning her name the goddess of death. but Thor shows up. the Challenger gets his eye cut off. what? he has a spirit vision with Odin. it's like, father, I can't beat her without my hammer. he's like, what are you the god of hammers. it was like, huh? yeah, that's right, god of thunder. boom. and Thor is kicking butt like we've never seen him before. it's sweet. unfortunately, hellas basically invincible because she draws her power from Asgard. so Thorne is like, wait a second. instead of stopping Ragnarok, well, it's cause ragnar\xc3\xb6k loki goes and grabs the horns, he passes by the tesseract, which he definitely takes anyway, throws the crown in the flames, and it's Ragnarok time, baby. yeah, yeah. this guy beats hella. maybe she survives from infinity war, we'll see. but he definitely destroys Asgard. but the s Guardians escaped, and they're floating through space. now, it's black panther. so T'Challa is king of Wakanda, poor African nation, but secretly, it's a super advanced society, because they've got a bunch of vibranium. the king becomes the Black Panther by drinking the flower juice, which gives him, you know, super powers. two challahs, dad died back in Civil War. so now they're having the official traditional king choosing ceremony, which is just a formality. except a challenger shows up. its kill monger, his long-lost American cousin. he beats T'Challa and rules our rules. kill mongers the new king. long story short, T'Challa survived. he comes back, beats kill monger, and even though kill monger was a bad dude - Charlie understands where he's coming from, so he agrees to help the rest of the world with, you know, humanitarian aid and stuff. now, over the course of all these movies, there's been the overarching plot of the Infinity stones. Thanos has been quietly trying to collect them. but now it's time to take matters into his own hands. so now it's Avengers infinity war. at the end of thor ragnarok, Thor's ship was under attack by none other than big, bad daddy Thanos. he's already got the Power Stone, which means he has destroyed Xander, and now he's after the space stone, the tesseract that Loki has. he's already beaten up Thor, but now the Hulk wants some. he tries to smash but turns out that os--. isn't easily smashable. he busts out some sig boxing moves, and this guy is stronger than the Hulk. Heimdall teleports the Hulk out of there. so Feroz kills him, first death of the movie. and classic Loki, hey, let me join you. but he's gonna stab him, oh, but that, Oh, stops him. he's like, oh, I saw right through that. grabs him and he kills him. what? is Loki dead? for real this time? maybe? so Thanos grabs the space stone and he pieces out of there. down on earth, Doctor Strange hanging out with Wong. when crash. it's a half-naked dr. banner. Santos is coming. Tony Stark hanging out with pepper, talking about having a kid. when dr. strange shows up, Tony's like, wait, do we have wizards? now he gets the crash, course, on Infinity stones. they're the super powerful stones that control the universe, or wherever Doctor Strange is guarding the time stone. Bruce banners like, yo, man, Thanos is legit. we got to assemble the Avengers. but Tony's like, oh, that's right. you missed Civil War of the Avengers kind of broke up. just then a spaceship arrives. Thanos has sent some of his goons to get the time stone. Bruce tries to Hulk out, but after his beat down, Hulk don't want to play. Tony's like, yeah, whatever. I got this. it's a new nano bot, Iron Man suit. oh, it like, ripples down and, whoa, nanobots. it's got some cool new moves. but he still needs help from your friendly neighborhood spider-man. Thanos his other henchman, epidemis, as wizard powers. and they're having a magic duel. he overpowers Doctor Strange, but he can't take the time stone because he put a spell on it. it's bind on equip. so he beams up dr. stern. spider-man decides to tag along, but he's way too high. he can't breathe. oh, I'm falling down. but luckily, Tony's got a new suit for him. Oh, more nanobots, and it's the iron spider. Tony tags along too. and now on the ship, Doctor Strange is getting some magic acupuncture. Iron Man comes to save him. boo, boom. sucked out into space. evany Ma's gone. and they're like, yo, let's keep going to Thanos his homeworld. we'll meet him there. elsewhere in space. it's the guardians of the galaxy. they run into Thor and he tells them all about the anise is gathering the stones. now, Gamora knows a lot about Thanos, because she was adopted by him at a young age. his plan is to wipe out half the population of the universe to conserve resources, or whatever. and if he gets all the Infinity stones, he can do it just like that. doors like, yo. if I'm gonna beat Thanos, I need a new super weapon. rocket racoons like super weapon. yeah, I'm in. so then Groot go off to do that. the other Guardians go after the reality stone, which was last held by the collector. but they get there, it's too late. that was his hearty there. amaura jumps in to fight him, and, OH, stabbed in the neck. what - well, that was easy. just kidding. it's all an illusion that already has the reality stone, and he can now bend reality to his will. seems a little bit overpowered. gamora's like a quill. shoot me so he can't take me prisoner. but he doesn't want to, because these two are in love finally he decides to do it, but just bubbles come out. dennis is like, yeah, reality stone, bra. and he pieces out. Drax and mantis, by the way, are fine. I guess that's just temporary. back on Earth, vision has the mind stone in his head. he can look human when he wants now, and he and Scarlet Witch are totally doing it, but he gets stabbed by some more of thermoses henchmen who are here after the mine stone. Scarlet Witch like, Cho get off my man. and they get some more help from who's this in the shadows? it's Captain America. yeah, he's got Black Widow and the Falcon with him. they chased the bad guys away, then go back to avengers headquarters, where they are still wanted from the whole Civil War thing. but they're like, nah, we don't care about that. visions like, look, we need to destroy the mind stone so that us can't get it. Scarlet Witch, I think you have the power. you could do it. and she's like, no, it's in your head. that would kill you. Bruce Banner is like, hey, I think we can remove it and you'll still live. but I don't know how to do that, Captain America is like, yo, I know someone who might cuz over in Wakanda, they got super advanced vibranium Tec now on Titan Thanos, his home planet. the gang made it fine, but they're immediately ambushed by the guardians of the galaxy. after a bit, it's like, wait a second, you're human. and they realize they're on the same side, star-lord and iron and argue about whose plan is better. but dr. strange uses the time stone to look ahead into all possible futures, and it's like, well, how many do we win? and he's like, just one. over on Thanos his ship, he's got Kimora's robot sister, nebula, in suspended animation. turns out he knows that Gamora knows where the soul stone is. and he's like, look, tell me you are. I will keep torturing her. so she brings him to soulstone planet, where they face the guardian of the stone. what? it's red skull. yeah. apparently, when he grabbed the tesseract, it teleported him here to be cursed as the guardian of the soul stone. anyway, to get the soul stone, you have to sacrifice something. you love. and gomorrah's like, ha, joke's on you. you don't love anything. and Thanos is like, well, that's not entirely true. bad Felicia Hubble throws Gamora off the cliff. turns out he really does love her in his own weird way. and so Kimura is dead. ouch. and Thanos gets the soul stone. so the gang makes it to Wakanda. they got King T'Challa, the Black Panther and Bucky Barnes, the winter soldiers. their two fully on, brainwashed. now they have little sister. sure, you try to take out the mine stone, but a spaceship crashes. the bad guys can't get through a conscious force field. luckily, they have an infinite supply of generic CGI monsters who managed to force their way through. so all the heroes suit up. Hulk still doesn't want to come out, so they give Bruce the Iron Man Hulkbuster armor, and it's big battle time. yeah. out in space, rocket gives Thor a spare eyeball he had, which, as much as I like the eyepatch, probably for the best. they meet up with tyrion lanister, king of the giant space dwarves. Thanos was already here he forced them to make his Infinity Gauntlet and then killed them all. the clasp on their star Forge is broken, so Thor has to use his super muscles to flex it back open. he takes the full force of a star which, as you can imagine, is quite painful. but the new axe is made successfully. unfortunately, Tyrion forgot where he put the handle, so groots like, hey, I got this. he grows his arm out, and boom, living wood, Groot arm handle. cool. battle rages in Wakanda, but the heroes are way outnumbered. so boom, by frost bridge, it's Thor. heroes entrants new Stormbreaker axe. he's like, yo, what's up Steve? these are my new friends, space tree and gun rabbit. and with his power up from Ragnarok and his new axe, Thor is the frontrunner for strongest Avenger. meanwhile, Thanos makes it to Titan. the good guys ambushed him, but he is really strong. nebula managed to escape, so she crashes down and joins the fun. and with all of them working together, they managed to subdue him for a minute. mantas uses her psychic powers to calm him down, while the guys try to take the gauntlet off. but when quill realizes that he killed Gamora, he freaks out and starts beating him, which wakes him up. and all he's got the gauntlet back. vanos is real pissed now, so he grabs the moon and throws it at him. this instantly knocks out all of the second tier heroes. but dr. strange, sorcerer supreme, is master of the mystic arts. he's got some cool tricks up his sleeve, but fails with the Infinity stones. is just too strong for him. round to his Iron Man in his new nano BOTS suit. he's got some sweet moves, and Thanos is like, nobody makes me bleed my own blood. but Thanos is still too strong, and he stabs him out. he's gonna finish him off. but dr. strange is like, wait. if you spare his life, I'll give you the time stone. so, boom, five Infinity stones for Thanos, and he pieces out of there. Tony uses his band-aid spray to fix his stab wound, and he's like, hey, why'd you do that? I've seen all the futures, trust me. this is the only way back on earth. the battle continues to rage Scarlet Witch joins the fray, and he's actually also in the running for strongest Avenger. but then it's big, bad daddy danos. he's way stronger than any of them. and with five Infinity stones, it's not even fair. Captain America holds his own for one second before Thanos knocks him out. so visions like, baby, you got to destroy the mind stone right now. so she blasts it with all her power, and it works. boohoo. mine stone exploded. vision completely disintegrated. but Thanos got that time stone. let me just undo that real quick. and he wink, pulls out the mine stone less delicately, also kills vision. but now, boom, Thanos all six Infinity stones, Fruity Pebbles, rainbow power. Thor shows up with these new axe, and it is a really powerful axe. Oh, stab stano's what stories like. yeah, you like that. I'm the strongest Avenger. but Thanos is like, you should have aimed for the head. and oh, it's the snap, and those pieces out of there. and it's like, wait, what does that mean? what happened? Oh, Bucky Barnes disintegrating into dust. Black Panther gone. Groot gone. Scarlet Witch gone. he's killing half the population in the entire universe on Titan. mantis gone, Drax gone to our Lord. and then spider-man, Peter Parker, I don't feel so good, mr. stark, well, he's disintegrated too. and this fulfills Tony's worst nightmare of being the sole survivor. except nebula, she's there too. so our huge cast of heroes has been completely decimated. and Thanos, with his life's work accomplished, can finally rest. and that's how Avengers infinity war comes to an end. next up is ant-man and the wasp. after the gut punch of infinity war, this was a fun, light-hearted movie. and Men and the wasp team-up. they fight the ghost, who turns out to be pretty much a good guy. but more importantly, they deal with the quantum realm. Hankins wife, the original wasp, was lost there when she went way too small one day. so in this movie, they try to go down there and rescue her, and they succeed. but in the after credits scene, they send ant-man back down there to research quantum stuff. and right while he's inside, oh, the snap happens. and what he's trapped in the quantum realm. you know, that's gonna play a part in endgame somehow. and lastly, it's Captain Marvel. long story short, Carol Danvers was a u.s. fighter pilot, but an explosion gave her really strong superpowers. I'm talking Dragon Ball Z Super, Saiyan strong. but she leaves earth because she needs to use her super powers to save the rest of the galaxy, and that's where she's been the last 30 years. but before she goes, she gives her beeper number to Nick Fury in case of any real emergency. and he used it for the first time at the end of infinity war. so there you have it, the complete Marvel Cinematic Universe recap up to endgame. [Music], 