[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction horror film, sea fever. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in order to complete her dissertation, a phd. student of biology, siobhan has joined a crew of six people on a trawler setting off for an outing for fish. at first, everything goes on well, and the trawler arrives at the deep sea area as planned. then they are all very excited to find that there are whales around, believing they will bring them good luck. however, siobhan finds it strange, as whales do not usually show up in the fishing area. she tries to warn the others, but to no avail. people that think she just makes an unnecessary fuss. later, the skipper couple finds a large hall of fish is moving towards them at a fast speed. and the next second, the ship is hit heavily by some unknown object. siobhan then finds that the texture of the plank on the bottom of the ship seems to have been changed somehow, with numerous tiny bongo packages. siobhan pokes one of them, and the plank just breaks apart. then the bongo packages begin to exude some greenish slime. moments later, the skipper couple discover that the boat seems to have been tangled up as they cannot move it anymore. what's worse, in order to catch more fish, they have driven the boat to the exclusion zone, which is far away from the mainland, and they cannot even call for help. siobhan becomes very interested in these unknown creatures. she gets someone wants to test what exactly they are. then skipper comes and peels off one of the packages, and some reddish, squirming things get inside the boat. siobhan thinks the creature may be some kind of barnacles. in order to figure it out, she decides to dive underneath the water to take a look there. what she sees underwater terrifies her greatly. the boat is stuffed by the tentacles of a giant bioluminescent creature. there seem to be even sharp teeth on the tentacles, and even a knife cannot cut them off, in fear of the mysterious creature. siobhan gets back to the boat right away. she tells the others about what she has just seen, but they think it is only a giant squid. therefore, they try to capture the creature with a net, but make no success as it is too heavy. then one of the crew johnny, tries to winch it up under the skipper's order. however, while releasing the net, johnny's hand is caught in the winch. though eventually freed from the winch, johnny's hand is seriously injured, with blood all over. siobhan has a bad feeling about it. not long after the incident, siobhan sees another fishing ship not far away. she immediately tells the skipper couple that they can make use of the other ship to get rid of the giant squid. however, there is no response after they send out the signal. so siobhan and two crew members decide to take a robot to that ship. after arriving, they find no one on the ship. at first, siobhan tries to use their radio to call for help, but surprisingly finds the radio has already been destroyed. then they walk into the cabin, which is in a total mess, and nobody is there. it turns out that people on that ship have all died. but not long ago. all of them are dead in horrible ways, with one bloodied all over his body, and another man's eyeballs popped out. the skipper thinks those people might have see fever, a disease that will make people gradually lose mind and even kill each other. as there is no other plausible explanation. and in order not to make the crew panic as well, the three agree not to say a word about what they see on the ship. when they return to their ship, the giant squid seems to have left the boat, so the boat can continue with its journey. however, siobhan once again argues that it doesn't make sense, as those marine organisms will never set the prey at hand free. once again, the others don't take her word seriously, and the skipper couple continue with the fishing. again. they soon get a good harvest of fish, which greatly cheers the crew up. however, no one notices the slime on the net. and johnny, who has a wound on his hand, even touches the slime. because of that, johnny develops a fever soon, and there seems to be something wrong with his eyes. seeing that, siobhan checks johnny's eyes and is frightened to see something white flashing by in his eye. however, when the skipper checks his eyes again, the white shade disappears. johnny insists that he is fine. and others think that siobhan may be just so nervous that she gets an illusion. later, when johnny is trying to reduce the discomfort in his eyes with the water, the discomfort turns into a huge pain and gets severe. then johnny is terrified to find he cannot see anything. his eyeballs begin to congest, and in the end break apart. the blood rolls down from his eyes, so do the numerous disgusting small worms. siobhan realizes that the worms may actually be parasites, which can be transmitted by the water. shortly after johnny dies due to an excessive loss of blood. at the same time, when taking a shower, another crew is horrified to find he also gets infected with the parasites. tiny holes are spreading all over his body, with blood continuously oozing out. recalling the dead bodies that they see on the other boat, siobhan believes they probably die from the same infection. in panic, they check the water pipes on the boat and find that the parasites have bitten through the steel water filters then siobhan goes to check the water tank and finds that it is already filled with parasites too. that is the only fresh water left on the boat now. so everyone is in great panic. siobhan says that the parasites should be saltwater larvae, meaning that they cannot survive the freshwater. hearing that, the others finally get a little bit relieved. however, it doesn't go as siobhan says. when she checks the tank several hours later, she is terrified to find that the parasites are still alive and have even destroyed the net. what's worse, the parasites are now starting to eat the boat. so siobhan collects some of the slimes and takes a closer look at them under the microscope. she surprisingly finds that those parasites are actually from the slime. i also suggest it is not a giant squid entangling the boat, but some mysterious creature that has never been seen before. the creature must have mistakenly taken the boat as a prey, excretes the slime full of parasites, which will break into human bodies through the wounds. everyone has some kind of wound caused by fishing. so they are vulnerable to parasites. in order to prevent the situation from getting worse, siobhan suggests they kill all the parasites and their eggs. they try the disinfectant and self-made uv light, but neither of them works. in desperation, siobhan comes up with a very risky idea. she wants to electrocute the parasites, but they will not get hurt as long as they put on the rubber boots. there is a huge risk that the boat could get on fire. however, in the end, they decide to give it a try at this life or death moment. fortunately, it works. more than half of the parasites have been wiped out in that way, just as they are about to go ashore. now, siobhan explains that they should wait 36 hours to ensure that they are all clear, so as to avoid infecting people ashore. however, no one agrees with her proposal, especially seeing another crew member die. in order to stop him, siobhan throws the rope into the sea, which then entangles the propeller, forcing the boat to a violent stop. the others get so mad at siobhan, but they have to accept it. now, siobhan then starts to check all the members eyes and finds that only the skipper has been infected. then the skipper confesses that he changed course to the exclusion zone, causing all this. and in order to reduce his pain, he then asks his wife to end his miserable life. after that, just when the rest of them think they are finally safe, now an old woman starts to act weirdly and even tries to strangle siobhan. in a mess, siobhan knocks the old woman off the ladder and kills her. to their shock, the tears shed from her it turns out to be a living parasite, indicating the old woman is also infected by now, the skipper's wife can no longer bear all this. she takes a robot and leaves alone. now there are only two people on the boat, siobhan and another crew member, homie. the two then hear some noise from the tank. they immediately go upstairs to check and find that the parasites are now all over the tank, indicating that they can also live in the fresh water. siobhan and oma decide to kill them by heat. but it doesn't work. to make things worse, the unknown creature comes back and eats through the bottom of the boat. as the boat begins to sink, they have no choice but to abandon the boat and take the raft. siobhan sets the boat on fire and jumps onto the raft. omid cannot swim, but he accidentally falls into the sea and is pulled deep down by the creature. siobhan cannot stand seeing omid dying like this in front of her. she then jumps into the sea to save him. just then, they surprisingly notice that there is another fishing boat moving towards them, thinking they can finally be saved. however, siobhan suddenly declares that she is infected, showing oma the cut on her wrist. it turns out that she was cut by a tentacle one rescuing omid, siobhan bids her last goodbye to omen before jumping into the sea and swimming down towards the unknown creature. in the end, omit becomes the only survivor, but no one knows whether he is infected or not. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 