hey people. john here from fast films, and today we're going through a 2008 british slasher movie called eden lake. the film flips off in a classroom where a montessori school teacher enjoys her moments with the kids. as it's the last day of the week, she bids them goodbye and runs outside to meet her boyfriend, who's waiting for her with an engagement ring, but puts it back once she jumps in his car. the next scene shows us the couple traveling along the highway for their tour. the boyfriend assures that it's a place worth the watch, and they travel throughout the day to reach the small town by night. as they stop at a signal, suddenly some teenagers ride right in front of the car on their bicycles. the boyfriend sighs, and they drive to a bar where they both witness a mother slapping her child brutally. the girl named jenny watches in dismay as the child runs away crying. after their drink, the couple goes to their motel, where other people's arguments constantly disturb them. nevertheless, they try to make the best of their time. the following morning, they drive towards the quarry and reach the woods where the sign board states eden lake. they drive the suv in the woods, past magnificent scenery of the forest to reach a fenced construction site. jenny jokes about it, but her boyfriend, steve assures that the quarry is going to be amazing. therefore, they go around the other side to finally reach the massive lake. both of them get out and admire the serenity of the place. gradually, they step down the track, and on their way, meet a boy who's writing notes. jenny tries to talk to him, but the shy kid ignores them. therefore, they trek towards the shore, where jenny hugs steve in admiration. after a while, the couple settles in, and as steve proceeds to have romance with his girl, a group of hooligan teenagers come around the other end and start harassing that young boy from earlier. steve states to ignore it, and they lie down, but jenny is suddenly awakened by a dog barking right in her face. the group calls their dog, bonnie, back, and steve goes in for a swim. unfortunately, the dog comes to jenny again and spits in her face. upon that, steve walks over to the kids who are blaring the music on the record. steve tries to make them stop all this, but the scamps don't bear near to him and proceed with their stupid insults. after a while, one of the kids starts staring at jenny, so she covers herself up. the hooligans then leave the beach before harassing them one last time for the day. steve sighs in disappointment, while ginny gives him and i told you so look. as the sun goes down, jenny walks along the shore with some logs and senses something rustling in the bushes. but upon finding nothing, she returns to steve, who has set up the camp during the night. they sit by the bonfire for a while, and then proceed inside their tent to make love once again. but jenny gets distracted by the distant cries and howls of some creature. she forces steve to go look for it, and after a while, she stops receiving any response from him. panic-stricken, she is about to check outside, when steve suddenly jumps on jenny and scares the [ __ ] out of her afterwards, they both sleep away peacefully. the next morning, jenny wakes up first and observes the scenery. in order to treat their bellies with some fresh breakfast, they get in the car to leave, but suddenly, a glass bottle punctures their tire. steve immediately concludes it as the mischief of the kids and changes it hurriedly. with that done, they later drive into the town, where the kids meet them once again and taunt about the tire. nevertheless, steve controls his temper and they go to a cafe where he asks the waitress about the kids on bmx's she states they aren't her kids and starts glaring at them. steve ignores her, and after finishing their breakfast, they drive away again. but during their drive, he notices the bmx is in a yard. he parks the car and, despite jenny's protests, walks into the house to find it completely empty. he walks around, but there's nobody to be found. just then a man drives to the place and shouts at jenny to move the suv. after passing her, the man walks into the house, and steve senses him as well. the house owner suddenly catches his steps in the upper room and runs upstairs, calling out for brett in order to save himself. steve climbs out of the window and notices the kids in the backyard, but he ignores them and climbs down to finally escape the house. upon reaching the lake again, they set up their camp and steve carries jenny into the lake. they bathe for a while, and as jenny dries up, steve comes back with the diving kit. suddenly, she notices that the beach bag is missing, and it had the car keys in it. extremely perturbed, the couple walks through the woods, and the desperation hits them in the guts as they find out that their suv has been stolen. steve shouts in anguish, and they proceed to look for it. after walking for some time, they come into a clearing where the suv suddenly emerges from the top and almost runs them over. in the car, they witness the rascals, and with one smart look, they drive away. the couple now walks through the woods for a long time, until the night falls in, and they come across the kids who are doing their evil mischief around a fire. steve walks up to them and the main leader named brett comes forward. steve asks for the car, but he states he doesn't know. furthermore, steve notices that brett is wearing his ray-ban aviators, upon which the kid states that they're his own. exasperation engulfs steve, and he proceeds to attack brett, who holds him in his place. the rest of the kids jump in as well, and the fight escalates to a point where steve takes out a knife and slices their dog's throat. bonnie drops to the ground while everyone stands aside in horror. brett throws the keys and steve apologizes before fleeing the scene with jenny. brett cries in sorrow and orders to chase after the couple. meanwhile, they run to their car and drive away. immediately, the kids are now on their tail, running towards them. in the meantime, steve drives to a point where the car gets stuck on a hill, and the rascals surround them. they break the headlights and break climbs on the hood, but steve reverses successfully and drives blindly in the dark. due to the uncertain vision. they crash in a fallen tree jenny wakes up to find steve brutally injured and stuck among the branches with the hooligans around the corner. he requests jenny to run for her life. therefore, she hides away while the rascals advance towards the car. the following morning, jenny wakes up and walks to the crashed site to find it empty. she suddenly notices blood trails along the ground, and eventually steve's bloody shoes. upon proceeding further ahead, she finally locates steve tethered to a post with barbed wires and chains. finding him in such a devastated state, she starts to lose her cool, and the situation gets even worse as brett forces everyone of the gang to slash him once with the knife. he forces the innocent kids as well to cut steve up, while the girl records everything on her phone. steve howls in agony as the kids come up one by one and lash away at his body. in the interim, jenny tries to connect to steve's bluetooth, and upon getting a connection, she calls 999 for help, but brett cuts it and concludes that jenny is here steve shouts at her to run, and that she does. the kids start chasing her on their bicycles, while steve struggles to wrench himself out of the barbed wire. under extreme pain, he manages to get free. meanwhile, jenny uses a massive log to throw everyone from their bicycles, and she runs away in the woods. brett gets up and sends harry to look for steve, while all of them chase after jenny. upon coming to a clearing, she locates a guardroom, but finds it locked. she tries to get a hold of the walkie-talkie, but the kids arrive there on foot and approach the guard shack. they discover her hoodie, but can't find her as she lays sprawled on the roof. just then brett receives a call from harry stating steve's escape. meanwhile, the scene shifts to steve, who staggers to the suv to get the first aid supplies. but the alarm goes off. everyone hears the ringing in the woods and turns their way towards the car. while steve limps through the forest towards safety. jenny also escapes and runs for her life. the scene now shows steve, who senses someone in the bushes and almost hits the person with the wrench, but it turns out to be jenny, who hauls steve up, and they stagger their way through the woods towards a wooden shack on the river. jenny lays him down, while steve begins to shake violently. jenny hurriedly takes out the first aid stuff and lifts up his shirt to find the wound to be severely deep. the lacerated gash bleeds relentlessly as steve almost goes into shock. nevertheless, jenny comforts him and suddenly finds the wedding ring in his pocket. she stares in amazement as steve tells her that he had plans for africa. in the meantime, the teens arrive on the scene and barge in the shack to find it completely empty. the camera then pans underneath where jenny and steve lay silent in the cold water. steve shakes up with the trauma, but ginny holds him while the kids discuss the plan. above. they notice jenny's footprint, but get to leave the place in search of her. as the danger passes, jenny drags her boyfriend out of the water, lays him down carefully and accepts the rain. steve's condition starts deteriorating rapidly, and jenny leaves him covered with bushes in order to get help. before leaving, steve gives her a hint about following the electric pylons as she runs into the woods and comes across the pylons. the kids, on the other hand, also dash everywhere in her search. one of the young kids named cooper confides to leave everything, but brett forces him back in. on the other hand, jenny runs blindly and accidentally steps on an iron spike. the shard pierces into her foot, and she screams in excruciating pain, whimpering in agony, she crawls away and falls down a ditch where she struggles to get the piece out of her foot. after incorporating all of her string, she finally yanks it out. afterwards, she gets on the move again and crawls her way up to the ditch to come across the same shy kid from the start. she requests him to help her in. the kid named adam agrees to take her to her mother. he takes her on a different path, claiming it to be a short one, and comes across an opening where he simply sits on a log and starts using her phone. jenny becomes suspicious, and her concerns become reality as the whole gang appears around her, and she realizes that she's been trapped. as she walks away, one of the kids knocks her down. upon regaining consciousness, she finds herself tied to a tree along with steve's dead body. the menacing kids have them covered in branches and treated with gasoline. brett then forces adam to light up the match in order to be a part of their gang. after much forcing, adam eventually lights the matchstick, and steve's body starts to burn, while paige records everything. luckily, the fire weakens jenny's ropes, and she manages to escape. the kids get mixed expressions as some of them get worried, while brett gets even more furious and lights adam's head on fire. jenny watches in sorrow as the poor kid burns to death under sheer agony. nevertheless, she tries her best to escape and comes across a map. she breaks the glass and gets it out to trace the location, but suddenly hears the voices behind her. with no choice left, she hides in the hideously stinking trash bin until the kids pass over. as they leave, she gets out, covered in all the wreaking sludge, and grabs a piece of shard to use as a weapon. just then cooper finds her and walks over to jenny to talk to her. but under extreme fury, she turns around and plunges the shard in his neck until he bleeds to death. but regret and sorrow engulf her as the innocent kid dies in her arms. the knight falls in, and brett comes across cooper's dead body. his remaining fellows get anguished upon the whole thing, and one of them tries to call someone for help, but the heinous nature of brett doesn't allow anyone to go against him, and gives a hardcore beating to the kid until he goes unconscious. brett then turns to paige, but she runs away for her life, and he just stands there drowning in his own agony. on the other hand, jenny stumbles to the construction fence and gets a sigh of relief. she runs to the other side and slides outside into the opening. after a while, she drops on the road where a car stops, and she gets in for her safety. as she explains the situation, it turns out that the driver is actually the brother of one of the gang members, and he's on his way to grab him. he reaches the fence and gets out to talk to harry. behind his back, jenny gets in the driving seat and escapes successfully. on her way away from the quarry, she kills paige by ramming her with the car. after finally escaping the eden lake area, she peacefully drives away, but suddenly crashes into the yard of a house after hitting a car. gradually, she crawls out and walks to a party where the people stand aghast at her condition. jenny faints to the ground and wakes up to find herself in the living room with the whole family around her. in her days, she suddenly notices the dog in the house, and he goes to eat in the bowl named clyde. and beside it, she witnesses the bull named bonnie. horror strikes her, and she tries to leave. just then one of the women gets a call from someone, and the situation gets tense. in order to get out of it. she runs to the bathroom, and in no time, the banging starts. the angry housemen break the door, and jenny notices brett standing there with his elders. the burly guy grabs her by the throat, and she now knows there's no way out. now, brett gets sent up to his room, while the men drag her away. in the bathroom, the final moments of the movie arrive, where brett deletes all the videos from the phone and wears steve's aviators once again, and everything fades out. thanks for watching, guys. [Music]. 