Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a Dutch family film called \xe2\x80\x9cEep,\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!  The movie begins in a small town in the Netherlands. A middle-aged man named Warre lives with his wife Tine on an isolated farm, surrounded by open meadows. Warre likes to watch birds as a hobby. He often goes out in the woods with his binoculars and a book about birds. One day, Warre is birdwatching when he hears chirping noises nearby. He goes to check for the noise and finds a tiny creature lying on the ground. The creature fits in the palm of his hand. It has a body and face like a human female but has wings for arms. Warre looks up at the sky to find her mother but doesn\xe2\x80\x99t see anything. Such a strange creature fascinates Warre, so he brings her home to show his wife.  Tine is shocked to see the little girl with wings. Warre claims that the bird girl might be an extremely rare species because he has never read about such creatures before. He makes Tine remove things from a basket on the dining table and uses the basket as a crib for the little girl. Tine suggests they contact the police and hand the girl to them, but Warre wants to wait for the girl\xe2\x80\x99s parents to arrive. Later, we see Tine lovingly singing a lullaby to her. Tine and Warre have no kids, so they decide to take care of the little girl as their own, in case no one comes to get her. Tine dips her finger into the water and feeds the little girl. At night, they look at the sleeping child in fascination while deciding her name. Warre wants to name her birdie, but they settle on the name Viegeltje. The very next day, Tine buys a Barbie doll that comes with a changeable dress for Viegeltje and a tiny baby bottle to feed her. Meanwhile, Warre makes Viegeltje a larger stroller so they can take her outside like a normal child. But when they put her on the stroller with a blanket, her wings are still visible. So, Tine cuts Warre\xe2\x80\x99s sock and sews it into a tiny poncho to hide Viegeltje\xe2\x80\x99s wings. The poncho works, and the two take their new daughter for a stroll in the town. While walking, Viegeltje makes noises which Tine thinks is her trying to talk. But Warre believes that she is more bird than a human, so she might just be chirping. Some women from the town are delighted to see the new child. Warre tells them that they have just adopted Viegeltje. When asked why she is so tiny, the two end the conversation and leave. A lot of time has passed, and Viegeltje has gotten bigger. She now barely fits in the dining table basket. She has still not learnt to talk and only makes noises like a bird. One day, Tine notices Viegeltje trying to fly. As time goes by, she starts acting more like a bird than a human. Tine is distressed at the fact, because she wants her daughter to be more human. Despite the fact that she is different, Tine tries to teach her to speak and eat with her feet. The two have made a tiny crib for Viegeltje right beside their bed. But she jumps into their bed and sleeps in between the couple when she is scared. One day, Tine hears Viegeltje saying the word \xe2\x80\x9cNini\xe2\x80\x9d. She thinks that the girl is calling her mama. From that day onwards, she teaches her the alphabet, but Viegeltje doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem to get it.  She also notices Viegeltje eating bugs from the floor. Thinking that it is normal for birds to eat bugs, she serves Viegeltje worms on a plate and makes her use her feet to eat it. When Viegeltje cannot do it, Tine is frustrated. She believes that Viegeltje can only learn manners by copying other people around her. The following day, she takes Viegeltje to a restaurant. Viegeltje sees pet birds flapping their wings and does the same. Afraid of being noticed, Tine takes her to a bathroom cubicle and asks her to flap her wings there. She waits outside talking to a woman. When Viegeltje doesn\xe2\x80\x99t come out after some time, Tine opens the door to see only her shoes. She gets a glimpse of Viegeltje flying away through the window and yells her name but to no avail. Tine goes back home, still worried for her daughter and tells Warre about the disappearance.  They figure that Viegeltje mustn't have gone too far, so they make their way to the town to look for her. Meanwhile, we see Viegeltje flying with a group of birds, having the best time of her life. She suddenly loses her balance because of the wind and lands on someone\xe2\x80\x99s bed through a skylight window. It turns out the room belongs to a little girl named Loetje. Loetje is fascinated by Viegeltje\xe2\x80\x99s wings and asks her where she got them. The two befriend each other. Loetje\xe2\x80\x99s father doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have time to play with her, so she finds solace in Loetje.  Elsewhere, Warre and Tine reach the town and go to an airline information desk. When they do not get the information they need, they make their way to a hotel to stay for the night.  Meanwhile, Loetje pretends that she is also a bird and takes Viegeltje to a nearby tree. Viegeltje easily climbs up and sleeps on a branch while Loetje naps on the lower branch.  Warre and Tine can\xe2\x80\x99t stay at a hotel because all the rooms are booked. They somehow end up coming to the same tree and sleeping underneath it. In the morning, the couple meets Loetje, who tells them about a bird girl sleeping on the upper branch. But before they can get to her, Viegeltje has already flown away. As the couple tries to leave, Loetje follows them, claiming that she\xe2\x80\x99ll help them find Viegeltje. They get on a bus while following a flock of birds. Tine doesn't want to take Loetje with them because she is a lot to handle, but the little girl claims that she can take care of herself. Viegeltje is flying with a flock of birds but cannot keep up because of her size. She lands on the roof of a church. The people see her and call the firefighters to bring her down. When a firefighter reaches her, he sees her flying away afar. The people assume the girl was taken away by eagles. The news makes the television, and Warre sees it too. The couple then goes to the firefighter\xe2\x80\x99s house and try to tell him about Viegeltje being a bird. He almost doesn\xe2\x80\x99t believe them but tells them that the bird went south. He even offers to help them find her. The group then makes their way south.  Meanwhile, Viegeltje reaches a tiny house in the middle of nowhere. She is sitting at the window watching some birds. When they fly away, she joins them. But just then, gunshots are heard. The group follows the noise and Loetje finds Viegeltje at the bottom of the well. They use the fireman\xe2\x80\x99s gear to go down the well and see that it is just Viegeltje\xe2\x80\x99s poncho. As night approaches, they still haven\xe2\x80\x99t found her, so the group goes to a nearby hotel to stay. Tine has started treating Loetje as her own daughter. At night, Loetje notices a strange boy on a tree outside her room. She joins him, and the two have a nice chat. Later at night, the boy is sleeping on his bed and hears a noise from under it. When he checks, he is surprised to see Viegeltje sleeping under her bed. He remembers Loetje telling him about her so he quickly goes to call her. The two return to see that Viegeltje is still there. All of them get under the bed and sleep for the night. Loetje is happy to have her friend back.  In the morning, the boy\xe2\x80\x99s mother comes to clean his room. The kids run to call Viegeltje's parents, but Viegeltje has flown away again before they get to her. Now, it is time for the group to continue the pursuit; however, Loetje doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want to leave the boy. He is the only friend she has ever had, and unlike Viegeltje, he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t run away. Tine understands the little girl and lets her stay. The three of them continue their journey but the fireman gets weak and decides to stay in a nearby shed. The other two end up in a jungle where they cross a river. Warre has had enough of the pursuit and tells Tine that they should rest for the day. They go back to the shed and sleep. At night, the firefighter wakes up to a chirping noise. He sees Viegeltje hanging upside down on a tree. She has injured her wings while flying. The firefighter rescues her and dresses her wound. When Viegeltje tries to fly again, she is successful. In the morning, the firefighter tells Tine and Warre about his encounter and assures them that Viegeltje is fine. He then separates from the couple, who still pursue their daughter. They reach a beach and see Viegeltje fly away towards the sea. They finally realise that she has grown up and watch her fly away together. The couple plans to take a bus back home. But Warre hears a chirping noise before getting on the bus. He runs toward the sea as Tine follows behind. They rescue a drowning Viegeltje from the water and bring her back.  In the following scene, the three are back home having dinner. The couple is over the moon to have their daughter back and celebrates by drinking. But the next morning, they see her trying to fly away through the window. The couple feels bad for trying to limit their daughter\xe2\x80\x99s freedom. They finally decide to let her go happily. Warre and Tine take her to the meadow she was found in, give her a last kiss and let her fly away. Subscribe for more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like to help the channel out.  Thank you for watching. 