welcome to the man of recaps. this is survivor, episode 2. last week, amber was voted off the red tribe. she's on the edge of extinction now. and she bequeathed her fire token to her husband, Boston Rob so when he wakes up with that in his pack, he's pretty sure she's out. he's not happy they voted his wife out this early. and if he finds out it was Sandra who led the charge against her, and if she voted my wife out, this is war. Ben and Denise go Idol hunting. Ben was one of the best idol finders ever. that's how he won his season. and with his coaching, Denise finds one. in fact, this is one of those idols with two halves that only works if both people use it together. seems convenient. the two of them found it. they each get a half, but actually Ben says, no, go give it to someone else. bring them in on this little alliance. Denise's closest ally is Adam, so she's telling him about it. he doesn't really trust Ben though, so he's not happy Ben knows about it. but she does give Adam the other half. so watch out for this crew. together, they've got an immunity idol. over on the red tribe, Kim is looking for idols. she felt like she was on the bottom last weekend, probably is. and she finds it. decides to give the other half to Sophie. it seems like him think Sophie is someone she could work with. and uses this to build trust. but it does not work. Sophie's like, you should have not trusted me with this. now, on the edge of extinction, Natalie and amber are mostly very bored, but a new riddle clue comes up. this one's basically gibberish. it doesn't really say anything, but the first letter of each line spells water. well, so they explore the whole island and find nothing, until Natalie finally goes to get a drink and finds it right there. this one's not a standard immunity idol. they called it safety without power. it allows you to leave the tribal council before votes, making you safe, but also you can't cast your vote. she offers to sell this one to her friend Jeremy, who snaps it right up for one fire token. the one, in fact, Natalie bequeath to him when she was voted out. so he's back down to one and Hadleys up to two. now, over on the red tribe, Yul is trying to knock down some breadfruit. he engineer's a great little sling thing. and yeah, pulls it off. good job. Tony, though, wants to one-up him and starts constructing a bamboo ladder. this scene is hilarious because this ladder is clearly not holding together. everyone's like, come on, Tony, you're not actually gonna climb this thing. but he actually climbs it, does not fall and break his neck, get some breadfruit successfully. later, Tony and Sarah reconnect. they played on their original season together and had a cop's R Us Alliance. the last time, perhaps arrests happened. the other half of cops r us voted this half of cops are out of the game. but he's like, this time for real, cops R Us Alliance. and she knows him a little better now. she's gonna roll a bit. then it's time for this week's immunity challenge. it's a tough one. got a drag your wagon loaded up with chests of puzzle pieces, then disassembled the carts to get it through this obstacle. red team gets to the puzzle first, where Sandra and Sophie are working on it Boston. Rob those really good at these survivor puzzles. he and Denise catch up quick but in the second section, he slows way down, spends a lot of time trying to plan it out, but just can't get it, and it's a blowout by the red team. Rob's not to worry though. he feels pretty safe in his alliances. in fact, he's just chillin playing ring on a hook. building that was survivor genius. Rob poverty and Ethan are the core of the old schoolers alliance. Danny was brought into it last week after she originally wanted to vote Rob first. but now she's kind of feeling left out of it. starts to get paranoid that they're gonna turn on her. she talks to Ethan and Ben about it. Ethan has to point out Ben is not in the old school alliance, and, in fact, it was a secret so the new schoolers didn't turn on them. Dan, he's like, whoops. Danny scrambles over to rob, the Godfather's still just chilling, playing, ringing a hook. she's like, hey, I think party's turning on me. like, let's turn on her, get her out. our buddy is Rob's number one partner, though he's not gonna turn on her right now for Danny, who tried to get him out last week. and Adam rises to the forefront here with a big plot. if Danny thinks they're voting Parvati, but they're really gonna vote out Danny, the new schoolers could get together and actually vote Parvati, get her out. that would be a really big move and get a huge threat out this early. but it would also kind of blow up the tribe. lines would be drawn. right now, even with an old-school, new-school alliance, they are all sort of buddy-buddy at tribal. Adams in the forefront again when he can't get his torch into the hole. I don't know, it looked like a hole. later, the topic of idols come up, and Boston Rob suggests, say, I'll just dump out their bag to prove they don't have it. this is awkward for Denis, who has the idol in her bag, but she manages to sleight of hand it da, so no one notices. in the end, the votes come out unanimously against Danny. she blew up her game, getting paranoid and saying too much. she's out here. who's she gonna give her fire token to? we haven't really seen who our closest allies are. and she gives it to Denise, who I assume is generally friendly, somewhat she feels she can trust, and not part of the old schoolers alliance Danny felt just turned on her. what will happen next week? looks like Tony catches a shark with his bare hands. find out next week on Survivor. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 