in 2003, a movie came out that impacted millions, swept up the awards and to this day, is a cultural movement that spreads from conventions to private gatherings. that movie is, of course, the room. not that student film of a drama that tried to ride off of sir widows vision, but the most authentic drama of all time. very view people can produce, write, direct and star in their own masterpieces, but Tommy, Oh, Tommy, ain't normal people. literally, I think is an alien in it. he plays Johnny, who's a banker, and also just Johnny. Lisa is this girl, and also just Lisa. Greg is Johnny's best friend, as well as Greg. and then Danny is the creepiest version of Roger from Sister Sister, mixed with Kimmy Gibbler and a Johnny Wonka haircut. thing is with the movie that Johnny is that straight dude who tries to help everyone else, but they just keep screwing him over. he pays for Denny's tuition. thanks for paying my tuition. and yet, Danielle's drug money, where's my money? mark is his best friend. I'm so happy I have you as my best friend. and he takes his girl, who he would do anything for, anything for my princess. but yet she betrays him and starts spreading all of these lies, and he hit me. now, as compelling as all of that is, the real mysteries come with all the side plot lines, like, well, the grandmas breast cancer go away first? or attitude do these to sneak and freak in other people's houses? to will Peter ever give football another chance? will doggy get his own spin-off movie? well, Johnny shoots himself, so we'll never find out. but maybe, just maybe, the disaster artist can add a little to the legacy. besides being Franco's attempt to go back to the Oscars after posting it on Molly, it's also a love letter to the phenomenon that is the room. for those who have never gone to the midnight screenings where they throw spoons at the screen every time you see the frame spoons in the backgrounds, or those who are just watching this video because they don't get the cult status, this movie pretty much covers what made it so bad that it's good that it's a story about two friends who had something to prove that started to drift. and Johnny felt betrayed because of that. a story about a dude who wanted to prove to the world and he can make his own movie and follow his dream, even if they doubted him. a dude who put himself out there. and even though they laughed at his vision, he had the final laugh and laughed with them. no one knows where he got his money. no one knows where he was incepted, what year he was created, or how he plans to take over the world. but all of those are irrelevant questions compared to the true life defining ones that only a being like Tommy Rizzo is willing to ask. anyway, how is your sex life? thank you guys for checking out this video. I know a lot of people talk about the room, but honestly, it's one of those things where, if you've seen and maybe you didn't like it. I saw it like once, maybe twice. by the third time, I thought that thing was a masterpiece. and the disaster artist, I think, is a movie that I think a lot of people should be checking out. I think the message in it is really good. I don't think that your boy deserves to get an Oscar nomination, like a lot of people are saying because Tommy was those impersonation Tommy who's those acts and time ago serves vibe and something that you just can't replicate. other than that, don't forget to let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section, comments like subscribe and share this video, and I will pick one of you and send you a limited edition Tommy's world football 