listen up. now, I've made it very clear that this movie right here is a freaking work of art. since way back at Sundance, I've been hyping this thing up to the point that I've even delayed this ellamy right here because of its spoilers, because I really wanted you guys to go see it. and if for some reason you don't like listening to a cartoon recommending you movies, then take it from the human version of me, who went out search for the producer and got the inside scoop of the secret movie within the movie no one had ever asked us about Easter eggs, like, no one had ever asked us about, like, hey, I saw something in there, like, what was that all about? and that was you. let me explain. so if you don't know anything about the movie, it's actually one of the best of the year. it all takes place on computer screens and cell phones as the father tries to find his missing daughter, who he's drifted from ever since the mom died from cancer. and while many would look at it and think it's a gimmick, now, this creates one of the most visceral experiences of the year. like the entire time you're wondering whether the dad did it? did the uncle do it? the friends? did she just run away? was it a complete stranger? only to realize that all the clues to solve the case are right there in the first freakin 15 minutes of the movie, when David's collecting info. he jots down how her classmate, Robert, who is the one who did it all, has always had a crush on Margo, and his mom works for the SBPD. they even foreshadow ha Margo would survive the fall from robber, who pushed her from this little news ticker about a dude who had survived something very similar. the school being the home of the catfish adds to how robber pretended to be fish and chips in order to get closer to Margo online. her favorite Pokemon is uke see, who erases memories just like she wants to. it's even a lake Guardian when she spends all her time. while Roberts favorite is kecleon, who knows how to camouflage, which is exactly what that dude is doing. there's also a whole other video that i'ma make once I get the VOD cuz officer Vick give herself away so many times when she was trying to cover up from a kid. but also, the movie deserves it. that doesn't make sense. this is not something my daughter. she's acting like a totally different person. earlier, she was acting like a different person. so if the main thriller wasn't enough, there's also a bunch of other bits that flush things out, like text messages from a lady trying to get another date with David, and even cursing him out when he's not responding to her, until she watches the news and realizes that his daughter is missing. there's a whole back-and-forth conversation with a grandma that takes place in Korean as she actually flies over, but is having trouble getting an uber. and there's even a bunch of other Easter eggs that don't relate to the movie, but to other stuff, like Laura Barnes from unfriended, who would have been trending in 2016 on Facebook, of all places. a bunch of autofill URLs for things like TV tropes, calm the homies even slipped in an honest trailer for searching on YouTube. even had some of the recommended spots be for their past short films. and director, a nice Chianti, who's a huge fan of M night Shyamalan, even slipped in some references to some of his biggest characters by naming everyone in this photo after them. but then comes the big one, the secret movie within the movie aliens. all throughout the film, there's actually glimpses of an entire different story that's happening in the background as reports and hashtags talk about green lightening. in fact, with my talks with Seb, he broke down every single one in his magnum opus as. there's a government conspiracy that's kind of going on dealing with an alien invasion. there's a NASA informant that's found dead, a super-earth that's a Bruin. it gets to the point where, right at the end of the movie, before they find Margo, the president himself is actually about to address the country in a speech because of this intergalactic dilemma. and then we fast-forward. so does that mean we're not gonna see more of the storyline develop in their next movie run? I personally think so. but in the meantime, i'ma go watch it a sixth time to search for more clues. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. you guys know, I've been talking about this movie like crazy. hopefully, if you've already seen it, shout out to you. if you haven't seen it, then there's all these extra little Easter eggs and the extra storyline will let you go and watch it. and again, the whole full interview where he talks about it more. I got it linked right there over at the A to Z show. but like I said, I thought about this movie to the point that some people think that I'm working with Sony. complete opposite. Sony, I love your movie. keep shouting it out, because I believe in it. but y'all gotta stop tagging the videos, alright? you ain't got to pay me. just stop copyrighted my videos rights. but you don't copyright this one. that would really suck. if I'm promoting this movie, trying to help out as much as I can, and they ding me, there's gonna be a fuller, bigger. let me explain once the VOD comes out. like I said, because I know you guys like me, going from B to B at certain points there's a bunch of other Easter eggs I'm still missing, but I was. the VOD comes out, I'm gonna make a full one on that, because I definitely want to show you all the little tidbits the editing, and this is insane. but other than that, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. every one day I'll make a let me explain on your movie. 