the film's story starts in the prison where a chain prisoner is shown. the coming soldiers open the prisoner and they take the prisoner to the balcony. while dragging here, all the citizens are seen screaming and calling him a murderer and a bloody beast. jailer asks a guard to announce his punishment in front of the crowd. god announces that court has declared his punishment of hanging after two days. but before hanging, the executioner will break his hands and feet. and all people are thrilled with the excitement hearing it at last. who is that killer? let's see. now the story reverses a few years ago, where we see a view of paris fish market, which was the most stinking place of the city. people used to earn their bread and butter selling fish and meat. here we see a fish seller lady who breeds a dead child. and this lady had also bred four dead children before, and she kicks them into the stream with the rotten fish. but she gave birth a live child now, but thinking him dead, she also throws him into a stream. now that child weeps due to the odious smell of rotten fish. standing people there catch the sight of this child and curse his mother. this child is the same prisoner who was announced punishment. his name was gene. he possessed two qualities. firstly, he has such nose, having a perfect sense of smell. and secondly, if someone leaves him, that person was dead somehow. as his mother, who had thrown him after his birth, is sentenced to death. and gene is sent to orphanage of madame call out, who used to foster the children only for the sake of money. but the children in orphanage feel insecurity, taking their importance, so they try to kill gene. but cool out saves him, coming there and beats those children facing difficulties in orphanage. jean is unable to utter a word for five years. but using his sense of smell, he knows about everything. due to the short capacity in orphanage, ghoul outsells him to the collector of animal skins at his 13 years old. as jean leaves from there, some thieves kill coal out, stealing all her money. the buyer of jean takes hard work from jean, and he also takes him to the city where, coming out from oda, jean first time, takes the taste of the wonderful world and scents leaving luggage. jean is attracted to a perfume shop. seeing it, he looks at a shopkeeper holding a very famous perfume. and at the same time, he smells another scent coming from a fruit cellar. girl. he is enchanted to her. that girl offers him fruit, taking him hungry. but jean catches the hand of her, on it, she leaves the place feeling fear. but jean finds her, using his sense of smell, he sits at the backside of her. the girl suspects of samyon's presence at her back sid and she shouts in fear. but jean presses her mouth to avoid the people attention, so the people may not gather there. as the people leave, gene removes the from the mouth of girl, putting her dead. and her scent is gone, gradually leaving jean astonished. where will the scent dissolve? now let's talk of another character, who was the great perfumer of the city of paris. and his job had gone down with the arrival of new perfumers in the city. he used to imitate the other perfumers at the same evening jean visits his shop for the delivery of the goatskin. and he looks at the variety of perfumes there, sensing the smell of baldness body, jean says that he can made such perfume for him. and bolini makes fun of him. gene tells him about the power of his ability. baldini gives him a chance making perfumes. jean gives them to bollini, who senses the smell of amore in them. this perfume was the most famous. so baldini is left astonished seeing it. jean ensures him that he can also make best ever perfumes, sensing its smell. baldini misses his beloved. he has got much talent. now, baldini buys jean from grimmill. at the same night, drunkard grimmell is dead, falling into a stream. baldini and his perfumes get popularity in the whole paris because of gene. and he teaches jean about his own methods of making perfumes. he tells jean, every perfume has three sets in which each consists four cents. it means total sense are 12 which can be differentiated by human beings easily. otherwise, no existed man in this world can match this perfume. if someone makes 13th perfume, jean becomes emotional about it, thinking he will be able to make it. and he asks baldini to teach its process, promising to give its best method throughout the world. baldini tells the process of adding 10 000 flowers into the bottle, according to his design machine, which he had learnt it before coming in paris. one day, baldini finds gene weeping. as baldini asks the reason, gene calls him a liar, saying that his told method is unsuccessful. and told i could not capture the iron and glass into a bottle. after baldness incident, gene loses his conscious now baldini is got worried, thinking about the loss of fame. as gene falls ill, gene asks the other processes from baldini, and he tells him to extract perfume from the fart of animal's skin. bollini orders him to go to grass. he takes 1 000 formulas in return. jean learns the work, going to grass, as baldini sends him from there. as gene leaves baldness. house is dashed out into dust, putting him in to death. going to grass, jean first time realizes the sense of freedom. he was the slave of no one and could take his own decisions. now there are two ways which lead to grass. one leads through village, while other is through mountain. now he begins to go through mountains. on the way, he observes a cave where he stays for rest. he sleeps peacefully, spending many days the on once he dreams of that fruit seller girl. awaking in confusion, gene begins to smell his body, but does not feel his own body smell. while showering in rain outside, he realizes that he has not his own smell. next morning, he leads to grass. he senses the same fruit seller girls perfume. he sees a prettiest girl getting off the carriage. seeing he pursues her and comes to grass, following this girl. he enters a palace which owns to a richest person. riches. and that beautiful girl, laura, is his daughter, who was the most beautiful girl in grass. jean works here under a lady whose husband keeps a strict eye on jane. living in their company jean learns the two ways to extract perfume from animals fat. he applies first method over his female co-worker. he boils that girl's dead body in a tank with animals fat. but he cannot achieve success. in second process, he takes a street walker in which he uses animals fat glossing on a cloth, killing her. jean shaves her head, and glossing her dead body, he wraps it into a cloth. and he becomes successful while extracting perfume from that cloth, according to told method of baldini, which he applies on streetwalkers pet dog for checking. then he makes a set of 13 bottles. told by baldini, it means the murder of a person for each bottle. at laura's birthday party, all girls and boys played their hide and seek, finding chance. jean also arrives there and attacks laura, but she is survived. and twin girls in the party are disappeared. now we know that gene makes first two bottles of set, killing these two girls. and both girls dead bodies are seen floating in the water, which is under the bridge of city. after it, the chain of girls murders begin in the whole city. and frightened people start to lock their outside doors of houses in order to save their daughters. but gene prepares the 12 sets of bottle and mix all into a big bottle. now he needs one more bottle to make perfect perfume. it means the murder of lore. observing, riches says that all victim girls were young, with no mark of seduction on their body. this mudra has killed them for a reason.all people visit in the church for help, and church's father agrees to help. coming there, a man informs about being caught of that murderer. all people are filled with joy hearing it. riches does not believe on this news. worrying about his daughter, he decides to leave grass. so escapes with his drafter. next day, jean senses the smell of going laura from city. following her, he finds her with his ability. on the other side. streetwalker's dog detects the hair and clothe of its owner lady. in jean's room, which is known by drewt who was the co-worker with jean. investigations of police discover the clothes and hair of other girls. riches stays the whole night in a hotel is with his daughter, laura, and keeps the keys of her daughter's room in his own room. jean steals the key from his room, going to laura's room next day, coming in laura's room, rich's weeps bitterly, finding laura's dead body. now jean makes the 13th bottle, mixing it into his final bottle and becomes successful. now jean is arrested by police. story again begins where the punishment is being announced. after two days, people come to see the end of jean remotely, as they bring him out from the prison, finding chants. jean opens the lid bottle. as the people stand for the weight of jean, he moves to the executioner, coming out from the carriage as a prince. executioner kneels down and calls gene blameless while weeping. now gene also sprinkles perfume on a handkerchief, and all people feel the taste of heaven as he waves it in the air. and all call him an angel. jean takes himself the savior of mankind. and he throws his handkerchief among the people, and within a time, all people starts making love without any discrimination of younger elder poor, rich, black, white, etc. observing this, jean feels the true love. he misses that fruit seller girl. he thinks that loving her as such, he could make her own. thinking it, he is saddened and start sweeping. suddenly, richards reaches there holding a sword in his hand to murder jean. but the magic of perfume also makes him uncontrollable. bending down at his feet, he asks forgiveness. jean realizes his mistake. he departs the city. later, the effect of perfume is disappeared among the citizens. now, gene moves to his birthplace, fish market. bringing out the perfume bottle from his pocket. he pause over him, noticing this, all sitting people there are inclined on him, due to the effect of perfume, tearing him in this way, jean's life has ended. [Music]. [Applause]. subscribe to movies inspired for more videos and click the bell icon to encourage us. like and share the video. let us know what you think by commenting. [Music], 