[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's chimichanga time with the news today that Ryan Reynolds has met with Marvel Studios to discuss the future of Deadpool. this comes hot off the heels of yesterday's announcement by venom director Ruben Fleischer, who said that spider-man in bed and will be meeting in a crossover at some point in the not-too-distant future. ever since Disney's acquisition of 20th Century Fox, in which all of the x-men and Fantastic Four properties were brought over, fans have been curious as to whether Ryan Reynolds version of the character will be in the MCU due to his bad language in over-the-top violence. however, it looks like the wheels are in motion, with Reynolds posting on the 14th of October the following photo and caption. audition for the role of Anthony Stark. didn't come even remotely close with a nice man with the Taser escorted me to the ground. though Reynolds keeps his tongue firmly in his cheek on this one, I think it's pretty reasonable to assume that they were discussing the future direction with the character and Deadpool as a whole. this is interesting because it comes up the back of a statement made by Disney CEO Bob Iger, who recently stated that Deadpool was one of the big draws in the Fox deal, and that, like the other properties, he was going to be a vital part of the puzzle going forward. Rob Liefeld, the Deadpool creator, also reposted the image to his Instagram account with the following caption, no feet, of fine and fitting. welcome to Marvel. hashtag Deadpool. hashtag Ryan Reynolds, hashtag Marvel. hashtag, no feet. this is because Rob Liefeld famously contour feet. and, yeah, it's just a hilarious caption. yesterday, Deadpool, right is Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick also said the following when promoting the new Zombieland film, Marvel has promised to continue to let us play in the aura at Deadpool universe, and the hope is that they will also let us beer into the MCU a little bit as well and play in that sandbox. our feeling, and Ryan's feeling, is that it's got to be the right idea. it's got to be great. I think once we collectively agree what idea that great is, we'll be off to the races. Ryan's super busy. we've got a lot of projects lined up. but we wake up thinking about Deadpool, and we go to sleep thinking about Deadpool. now obviously, this is great news, and I'm glad to see that the MCU is getting some of the big guns in place, such as the Merc with the mouth and Behnam. after looking at the face full lineup, though I was excited, none of the properties really had the huge wow factor for me. but with this, it looks like the gang will I'd class as the a-listers in place in order to make that universe even bigger. now what Disney do with the character will probably be a risk, but then Deadpool, he's always been a risk. even the first film was only put into production because someone leaked test footage of it online. and though this was probably Ryan Reynolds, without the behind-the-scenes push, I doubt that this movie would have been put into production. the movie did go on to be a huge success. so it makes sense for Disney to want to cash in on this and make more money with the character, Deadpool can pretty easily slide into any film, I feel. and he could even exit it, go off and do his own thing outside of the MCU, and return with no hassle. so I'm sure whatever gets announced is gonna be awesome. there could be a team-up movie where the character appears in a supporting role, like Hulk and Thor Ragnarok. or the character could get his own film with the release of Deadpool 3. there's just so many avenues to take. and I really can't wait to see what happens going forward. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this news and what you want to see in the future. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the news that's spider-man and Benham will have a crossover movie in the not-too-distant future. if you want to come chat to me and toy either, make sure you follow me at definition whitey. and if you want to join my discord that make sure you click on the link in the description below. you've got an awesome community, and it's the best way to stay up-to-date with the channel. so hopefully I see you over there after this. well, so just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man, far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the Deadpool announcement in the comments section below the one. it's gonna be chosen at random today, on October the 15th. so best of luck to everyone who takes part, and make sure you keep your eyes glued to the channel. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 