Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a crime, drama, thriller film called "The Silence of the Lambs." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. In 1990, an F.B.I.-in-training, Clarice Starling, is called to the office of Jack Crawford from the Bureau's Behavioral Science Unit. In hopes of capturing the serial killer known as Buffalo Bill, Jack assigns Clarice to interview notorious psychiatrist-turned-cannibal Dr. Hannibal Lecter. However, before she leaves, Jack warns Clarice not to talk about anything personal to avoid getting Hannibal in her head. At the Baltimore State Forensic Hospital, Dr. Frederick Chilton welcomes Clarice but makes suggestive remarks at her. Chilton explains that they haven't progressed with studying Hannibal's psyche despite his years in the facility, but letting an attractive young woman such as Clarice may have a chance. Chilton lists down strict rules to safely talk with Hannibal. The precautions were set due to Hannibal biting a nurse who performed an E.K.G. on him after complaining about chest pains. Due to Chilton's animosity against Hannibal and his crude remarks about her, Clarice decides to talk to Hannibal without assistance. Heart pounding, Clarice walks down the hall filled with imprisoned inmates, keeping her chin up to show confidence. Before Hannibal's cell, an inmate named Migs gawks at her. At the end of the hall, she sees Hannibal Lecter standing, already expecting her. Unlike the other inmates who are behind iron bars, Hannibal's cell is behind reinforced glass. He gazes at her with interest, already deducing that she's Jack Crawford's colleague. Even when he notes from her I.D. that she's still an F.B.I. trainee, Clarice refuses to falter. Clarice notices Hannibal's sketch of the Duomo in Florence, Italy, admiring his ability to draw from memory. She diverts the topic to the F.B.I. questionnaire she was sent to give, but this loses Hannibal's interest. He knows that Jack intends to use him to understand and eventually arrest Buffalo Bill. When asked why Buffalo Bill skins his victims, Clarice believes that it's his trophies, as most serial killers keep them. Hannibal denies keeping trophies. Clarice casually adds that he ate his victims instead. Her demeanor interests him, so Hannibal accepts the questionnaire. Hannibal finds it amusing the notion that this would help them study him. Hannibal starts listing down his observations of Clarice, from her clothes to the accent she tries to hide. Clarice's speech finally falters as she challenges him to use his keen observation on himself, insinuating that he's afraid to do so. Hannibal returns the questionnaire, sliding the box loudly to startle her. He leans to the glass as he recounts how a census taker tried to test him, and Hannibal ate his liver. The story fills Clarice with dread. Slowly, she walks away but stops when Migs flicks bodily fluids onto her face, starting a commotion. Hannibal shouts for Clarice, apologizing to her for the other inmates' behavior. As compensation, he offers the name Moffet and that she should "look into yourself" to help her investigation. Clarice walks out of the facility, unnerved and in tears. She comforts herself as she remembers welcoming her father back home when she was a girl. Later that day, Clarice browses through the newspaper reports on Hannibal Lecter's case. Jack calls to inform her that Migs has passed away after swallowing his tongue. In addition, the guards reported that Hannibal was whispering to the inmate before the event. The news fills Clarice with terror, thinking of Hannibal's irritation at Migs' behavior towards her. But she doesn't share this with Jack, who believes that Hannibal did it to amuse himself. Jack asks about the name Moffet, unable to find the name among Hannibal's old patients. Clarice deduced that the phrase "look into yourself" was too vague for Hannibal, which led her to Your Self Storage Facility in Baltimore, near where Hannibal used to live. The keeper tells her that a person named "Miss Hester Moffet" rents a unit at the storage facility. Inside the unit, Clarice finds a car with a headless mannequin inside. Removing a handkerchief from a jar, she discovers a severed head inside. Clarice heads back to the hospital to confront Hannibal. She sits on the floor in front of a T.V. set while Hannibal sits in the dark. Hannibal tells her that the head is his former patient, Benjamin Raspail, whom he assures that he didn't kill but only kept his head. He suggests that Raspail was killed as an experiment. The lights turn on, revealing that Hannibal's sketches have been taken away as punishment for Migs' demise. The gospel television program behind Clarice is also part of his punishment. Hannibal bargains to be transferred to a federal prison with a view, away from Dr. Chilton, in return for giving his psychological profile on Buffalo Bill. At Memphis, Tennessee, Catherine Martin enjoys music while driving back home. A man with night vision goggles spots her, eyeing her as prey. As she heads to her apartment, Catherine spots a man trying to load an armchair into his truck. She offers her help, seeing the man's injured arm. Catherine hops into the truck to position the chair inside, but the man punches her several times, knocking her out. He checks the size of her coat, happy to see that she's a size 14, before cutting her blouse and throwing it on the parking lot. On their way to investigate a new body found, Jack gives Clarice the case files, explaining how Buffalo Bill keeps the victims for three days and all injuries are post-mortem. The bodies are always found in the river after the water had washed off any evidence. Clarice suggests that Buffalo Bill is a Caucasian male in his thirties to forties based on the evidence. She believes that he will not stop anytime soon, not after he has perfected his work. Arriving at the funeral home, Jack talks to Sheriff Perkins regarding the case. Jack requests to speak about the delicate case in private, eyeing Clarice. The men are uncomfortable with her involvement in a serial case that targets women. Wanting to leave the awkward situation, Clarice looks into a funeral ceremony in another room, remembering her father's funeral. In the autopsy room, Clarice sees the body for the first time. She is visibly bothered but pushes on, recording her findings on a tape recorder. First, she notes the woman is from the city and that the dirt under her nails suggests that she tried to claw her way out of something. Next, Clarice notices something in the body's throat. Inside, they find a cocoon. On their way back to the agency, Jack explains to Clarice that he only told the sheriff not to discuss the case in front of her to get rid of him and his men. With the help of friends, Clarice learns that the cocoon is from a death's head moth, which originates in Asia. Given this, someone specifically raised them in this area. The news reports the disappearance of Senator Ruth Martin's daughter, Catherine, who is believed to be taken by Buffalo Bill. This puts the Buffalo Bill case in the government's attention. Senator Martin pleads on television, repeating Catherine's name several times to humanize Catherine in Bill's eyes. With the recent development, Clarice revisits Hannibal. Clarice relays the senator's offer to transfer Hannibal to a maximum security facility in exchange for helping them profile Buffalo Bill in time to save Catherine. But Hannibal demands Clarice to share personal stories in exchange for his compliance. Clarice tells the story of her father, a town marshall who passed away while on the job. Her mother was also gone when she was very young, leaving her orphaned at ten years old. For Hannibal's turn, he asks if Catherine was a large woman; Clarice confirms that all of Buffalo Bill's victims were. She informs him about the moth they found in the previous body and reveals they found the same cocoon in Raspail's head. Hannibal points out that the moth's cocoon symbolizes transformation, and Buffalo Bill wants to change as well. Hannibal asks more about her story. Clarice tells him about moving to her mother's cousin's ranch. She lived there for two months until she ran away but not because of abuse. Clarice then demands his turn. Hannibal figures that Bill had applied for transexual surgery but was denied due to his mental condition. He suggests that Buffalo Bill hates his own identity and wants to change. In a dark room, Buffalo Bill orders Catherine to use lotion on herself. Frightened and stuck inside a well, Catherine does so. She tries to negotiate, bringing up her mother. Bill ignores her, calling her "it" to dehumanize her. Bill lowers a lighted basket to retrieve the lotion, letting Catherine see the bloody claw marks on the wall. She screams in fear, with Bill mocking her. Back at the cell, Hannibal is strapped to a gurney with a muzzle on his face. Chilton recorded Hannibal's conversation with Clarice and tells him that Clarice's deal was fake. Chilton made a different deal with Senator Martin. He demands Buffalo Bill's name in exchange for being transferred to a state prison in Tennessee. All the while, Hannibal stares down at a pen that Chilton leaves behind. His mind is working on a plan. Hannibal gives the name Louis but will reveal the last name only when he has met the senator in Memphis. In the airport, Hannibal is wheeled in, completely strapped to his gurney. Senator Martin arrives, hoping that the doctor will help find her daughter. She offers Hannibal an affidavit of their deal, but he wants to jump ahead with the case. He tells them that Buffalo Bill is Louis Friend, who was introduced to him by Raspail. With the breakthrough, Chilton enjoys the press' attention, allowing Clarice to pass his security. Clarice meets Hannibal in his new cell, returning his old sketches as a peace offering. He taunts her for wasting time with the fake deal. Clarice retorts back about Louis Friend, deducing that it's an anagram for Iron Sulfide, otherwise known as Fool's Gold. Hannibal tells her that Buffalo Bill covets something, asking Clarice why people covet anything at all. He demands more of her story, as they agreed upon in his old cell. Knowing that Chilton can find her any minute, she begs Hannibal to skip her story, but the doctor insists. Defeated, Clarice reveals that she ran one early morning after hearing screams. She went to the barn and saw the lambs screaming as they were being slaughtered. Clarice tried to free them, but the lambs didn't run. So instead, she took one lamb and ran away with it, wanting to save one life at least. But the lamb was too heavy for her to carry, so she was caught not long after. Because of this, she was sent to an orphanage, and the lamb she tried to save was still slaughtered. Clarice still hears the lambs screaming at night. Hannibal suggests that if she could save Catherine, maybe the lambs would stop. Before Hannibal could say any further, Dr. Chilton arrives, bringing officers to take Clarice away. Hannibal hands Clarice his copy of the case file, which she hurriedly takes before being pulled away. After Clarice leaves, Sergeant Pembrey and Officer Boyle deliver Hannibal's dinner, cuffing him before opening his cell. Unbeknownst to them, Hannibal took a piece of Chilton's pen to pick the lock. Boyle lays down his meal on the floor as he clears the table. Once Boyle kneels to retrieve his tray, Hannibal cuffs him then kicks the door on Pembrey's head. Hannibal bites Pembrey's face, and pepper sprays him before whacking Boyle with a baton. Knowing his escape is inevitable, he takes his time before pursuing Pembrey. Downstairs, the officers notice the elevator heading up to the fifth floor. Shots are fired from afar, alerting all the officers. They wait for the elevator to head down, but it stops at the third floor. Sergeant Tate calls in the SWAT team for backup as he and his team investigate the third floor. They check Hannibal's cell, seeing Boyle's body propped like an angel. Pembrey is down with a bloodied face yet still alive. The officers load Pembrey into a gurney and ride the elevator down the building. While inside, blood drips from the ceiling, suggesting that Hannibal is on the roof of the elevator. They spot him from above, unconscious with a gun next to him. The officers shoot him on the leg to prevent him from escaping, but there's still no movement. They open the elevator latch from the inside, revealing a body with no skin on the face. In the ambulance, Hannibal removes the mask he made out of Pembrey's skin. Learning about Hannibal's escape, Clarice is anxious but is sure that he won't come after her. However, she and her friend find a note from Hannibal in the case files he gave her, suggesting that there's a pattern in Buffalo Bill's targets. Remembering Hannibal's comment about Bill coveting something, Clarice concludes that Bill knew the first victim, Fredrica Bimmel. Clarice visits Fredrica's home and searches her bedroom. Inside a music box, Clarice finds polaroids of Fredrica posing in her undergarments. After seeing stitching supplies and an unfinished dress in Fredrica's closet, Clarice deduces that Bill is making a skin suit to turn himself into a woman. Jack tells her that they already located him in Chicago, a man named Jame Gumb A.K.A. John Grant. Jack tells her to gather information to connect Gumb to Bimmel so they can use it for the trial. Catherine asks Fredrica's friend, Stacy, if she knew Jame Gumb or his other aliases, but Stacy doesn't recognize the name. Stacy mentions that she used to help Fredrica make alterations for Mrs. Litman. Later in his house, Bill hears his dog whining. Catherine has successfully captured his dog, Precious, and holds her hostage, enraging the man. Outside, a SWAT team prepares to ambush Gumb's house. Bill hears the doorbell ring. He heads up and opens the door. But instead of the police, it's Clarice. Meanwhile, in Chicago, the SWAT team finds the Gumb house empty. In Mrs. Litman's old home, Buffalo Bill introduces himself as Jack Gordon. He invites Clarice inside, claiming that he has Mrs. Litman's son's number for her to contact. Clarice walks inside, eyeing the cluttered place while Jack looks for the number. Her eyes follow a moth landing on stitching supplies. The puzzle pieces fall into place. Clarice aims her gun at him, but he retreats to the basement. Clarice follows him, hearing Catherine's cries, and Precious' barks from afar. Trembling in fear, Clarice breathes through gritted teeth as she searches for Buffalo Bill. Clarice asks Catherine to be quiet, but the woman continues to scream. Clarice enters from room to room, jumping at every noise, knowing that Buffalo Bill is waiting to ambush her. As she enters the bathroom, the lights go out. Buffalo Bill uses his night vision goggles to watch the terrified Clarice. Clarice feels around the room and slips in the darkness, not knowing that he's just behind her. Bill admires her for a while before pointing his gun at her. The gun clicks, alerting Clarice. She turns and shoots, breaking the windows to let light in while Buffalo Bill lies on the floor. His crimes are finally over. Days later, Clarice happily receives her official F.B.I. badge. Clarice thanks Jack for his mentorship and the opportunity he gave her. She takes a phone call, hearing Hannibal's voice, asking if the lambs have stopped screaming. Hannibal promises not to pursue her, asking her to do the same. But Clarice makes no promise. Hannibal ends the call as he\'s "having an old friend for dinner." Hannibal follows Dr. Chilton in a foreign village, finally able to get revenge on the doctor. 