detective recap here today, i'm going to explain a crime drama film called river's edge. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. in a town in northern carolina, young tim throws a doll in the river. out of nowhere, he hears someone screaming, so he goes to the other side of the bridge to check where it's coming from. by the river's edge, tim sees a teenager named john smoking and sitting beside the naked body of his dead girlfriend, jamie. tim then leaves on his bicycle, while jon continues smoking, occasionally looking at jaime's body. as he gets up and gathers jamie's clothes, john looks at her one last time before finally going away. with loud music blaring, jon drives to a convenience store where tim happens to be playing a video game. john tries to buy a can of beer, but the cashier won't sell him liquor unless jon shows his id. jon tells him that he's been coming to that store for three months, and the previous cashier, frank, has never carded him. however, the cashier informs john that frank had lost his job precisely because he didn't get proper ids from his customers when he was selling liquor. seeing that the two men are busy, tim grabs the opportunity to steal two cans of beer before bolting out of the store after arguing with the cashier. john storms often goes to his car, where he sees him leaning on the hood. inside the car, he finds two cans of beer. and as he opens and drinks one, tim lets john know that he got him the beer and that he saw him that morning. john is oddly unbothered. and when tim asks if he's got any dope, jon says he doesn't, but he asks him to get in the car since he knows where to find some. while they drive, tim asked sean where they're going, and he replies to feck's house. john knocks on feck store, but no one is answering. at tim's house, his mother and big brother matt are looking for kim's doll. kim says she's sure that tim has done something to it. when tim arrives, he taunts his little sister outright, admitting that he drowned her doll. kim begins to cry, while their mom's boyfriend, jim, shouts are raped from all the commotion. frustrated, their mom asked him why he's so mean, but tim only ignores her as he goes straight to his room. matt follows tim to scold him for what he did. as matt lectures his younger brother, lane arrives in his car and demands matt to come out quickly before leaving. matt promises kim that he'll make tim buy her a new one, but she refuses, saying she wants matt to beat him up. ignoring his balling sister, tim goes out and asks lane if they're going to fax. lane asks him what he knows about feck. but before he can answer, matt tells him to leave. tim asked them to take him with him, claiming that he could show them a dead body. lane mocks him, asking if he's got a girlfriend. but tim swears he's serious and that he really wants some dope. however, the two older boys only make fun of him before driving away. still, tim remains determined, and he follows them on his bicycle, despite his mother's warnings. on their way to feck's house, lane asks matt where he was the previous knight and adds that jon was getting out of control. when matt asks him who else was there. lane says jamie was there too. he then starts saying something about clarissa, but lane jokingly warns him to keep his hands off her, and the two start laughing. at feck's place, lane knocks on his door and fek answers it with a gun in hand pointed at lane's face. after scaring lane for a bit and bragging about how he killed a girl before, feck asks him how much of his stuff he wants, and lane says he only needs a couple of joints. tim arrives, but stays hidden, and after seeing lane receive his order, team immediately leaves. matt and lane also leave as soon as they got what they want. matt and lane, together with their friends tony, clarissa and maggie, smoke on school grounds. as they talk about going to portland. matt muses about how they could go there and stay for good if they like it. clarissa, however, doesn't like matt's idea. as the girls prepare to leave, john arrives and late asks him where jamie is. john casually tells them that he killed her, but nobody believes him. jon then takes lane and matt to the river's edge where they find jaime's dead and naked body. struck with disbelief, lane pokes jamie's body with a stick to see if she really is dead, before asking jon why he killed her. he currently replies that jamie was talking nonsense. leaving lane to warn him that he could get in trouble for what he did, matt starts walking away, and when lane calls him back, he convinces him that they need to go. the three boys leave as if nothing happened. and at school, elaine starts telling their other friends about what jon did. tony doesn't believe him, so lane offers to take them to the river's edge so they can see for themselves, but matt doesn't want to go. when maggie arrives and asks them what they're talking about, tony tells her, and maggie is skeptical of it too. she tells clarissa about what she just learned. and when clarissa asks if she believes them, maggie explains that they're all going there in the evening to check jamie's body out and see if it's really there. lane takes his friends to his brother mike's workplace to borrow his truck, but his older brother refuses. the rest of the gang is waiting for lane outside. when tim and one of his friends show up. tim asks tony what they're up to, but tony doesn't answer, choosing instead to tease him. tim says he heard that they're going to see a dead girl. and when tony asks what he knows about it, tim answers that he and john are close. he's also insistent on going with tony and his friends, but tony only tells him to leave. meanwhile, mike is adamant not to lend his truck to lane, so he drives them there himself. everyone sees jaime's body by the river's edge, and the site deeply disturbs clarissa. lane assures them that nobody needs to know about jaime's death, since they can just bury her body so no one would find out. nobody volunteers to help him, however, and mike even walks away despite lanes asking him to return. mike is set on leaving, so lane ends up chasing him. as soon as he catches up to mike, he puts him in a chokehold. then reminds him that they're dealing with john's future. the two struggle, with mike protesting that jon brought them there like it's some kind of show. as they continue to fight, jon gets lane off mike and says he doesn't need to stay if he doesn't want to. with everyone leaving, lane plans to stay behind to bury jaime, but jon himself starts to leave too. he says that jamie is heavy and with no one to help him, lane is also forced to go. after taking that back to his house. lane talks to tim and tells him to keep his mouth shut about jaime. tim tells lane not to worry, and lane says he trusts him before leaving. in an arcade, clarissa wants to know what will happen to jon, and lane replies that nothing will happen to him, and that he'll tie up some loose ends. clarissa can't believe what lane just told her, but he defends his friend, claiming that jaime was badmouthing jon's mom, provoking him to kill her. clarissa retorts that jon's been bragging about it like he wants to get caught. but layne assures her that he's not getting caught since nobody is telling anyone about it. he then warns her to stop talking about it since some people might hear them. later on, clarissa meets with maggie and they talk about how lane is controlling them. according to clarissa, she's known jamie since kindergarten, and john is definitely dangerous. she uses a pay phone, ready to call the police, but she decides against it in the end. one day, lane shows up at matt's house unannounced. so matt instructs kim to tell him that he's not home before hiding. his sister does as she's told, but lane doesn't believe her and enters the house anyway, asking if he can use their phone. matt quietly watches lane as he calls john and asks him to take care of jamie. but jon refuses since she's not important to him. this pisses lane off, and he tells him that he'll take care of the matter himself before leaving. once he's gone, the phone rings and kim answers it. the little girl tells matt that it's clarissa. and when matt takes the phone from his sister, he seems reluctant to talk to her. sensing that matt isn't in the mood to talk, clarissa tells him that she only called to check in on him. meanwhile, lane goes back to the river's edge to retrieve jaime's body before pushing it into the river. later on, as lane drives with jon, they see cops outside john's house. lane orders john to duck, asking him if he wants to get caught. as they pass the house, lane continues to panic about how somebody snitched on them. on the other hand, john remains calm as lane goes on with his babbling, saying that it was probably mike. he then tells his friend that they're just going to drive around for a while to see how things will unfold. however, he's determined to get john out of town, and even starts talking about how they need to find some money for him. still, jon remains unbothered, even though his future is on the line here by the edge of the river. matt takes the cops to where he last saw jamie's body, but they all get confused when they don't find her. while he's insisting that she was just lying there on the grass. one of the cops calls captain bennett to show that jaime's body is in the river. with the body retrieved, they take matt to the station for questioning. captain bennett asks if he was shocked to see jamie's dead body, and matt replies that he doesn't know how he felt. the interrogation continues, and the captain wants to know what he was thinking when he was standing over his dead friend's body. but matt insists that he doesn't know. the frustration is creeping to captain bennett, and he asks matt next how he thinks the body got into the river. and again, matt pleads ignorance. captain bennett presses on, telling him that maybe he pushed it. but matt gets irritated, retorting that he's already told him about jon. trying to get anything out of matt, the captain theorizes that he helped jon push jaime into the river. finally, matt explodes, reminding him that he's the one who reported the whole thing with the blame suddenly falling on him. matt tries to leave, announcing that he knows his rights and that he didn't do anything. bennett stops him and tells him that he's wrong. seeing the body and not immediately reporting it makes him an accessory. after the fact, he orders matt to sit saying that they're not done talking. meanwhile, lane takes john defect's place and tells him that his friend is in trouble. when feck asks what john did, lane says it's nothing, but john interjects that he killed jaime, trying to cover up for john. lane says he didn't actually mean to do it and that it was only an accident. feck is unfazed, however, then starts bragging about how he intentionally killed a girl once by shooting her in the head, then adds that he was in love with her. lane tries borrowing fec's car to get john out of town, but fec refuses, saying somebody might see his car. he also adds that the cops are still after him, even after 20 years. lane then asks feck if jon can stay in his house for a while, and to that [ __ ] agrees. matt's mom picks him up from the station, and she's appalled that her son is involved in a murder. matt gets mad and raises his voice, asserting that he didn't kill anybody and that it was john who killed jaime. when his mom says he doesn't seem too concerned about it, matt tells her that she doesn't know anything worry she tells him that tim is not yet home, but matt assures her that his brother is okay. at home, matt and his mom find jim sitting on the couch, and jim tells them that he's seen matt's friend on tv. when matt learns that the cops haven't caught john yet, jim tells him that his friends have been calling all night. and he then asks if he helped john kill jaime. the two start arguing, and it isn't long before they're at each other's throats. kim sees the whole thing and runs away, so matt follows her. they then find that the small grave that kim made for her ruined dolls is defaced, and just in time, tim shows up. matt then chases his brother down the street, and when he catches up to him, tim denies having to do anything with it. matt punches him, but jim shows up and stops the fight. tim calls matt a traitor. and when matt asks his brother what he meant. tim tells him that he's going to pay and die for what he did, before leaving on his bicycle. tim then goes to his friend moko's house and instructs him to get his nunchucks and dad's car, saying he knows where they can get a gun. after his fight with tim, lane spots matt as he's walking down the street, then asks him where he's been all night. as matt gets in the car, lane tells him that they shouldn't have let mike in on their secret, though he's pretending not to know anything. matt says that the snitch could have been anyone. he then asks where jon is, and lane tells him that he's somewhere safe at fex house. fec talks to john about his sister, unaware that jon has already left. meanwhile, lane goes to clarissa's house and asks for cash. they then take her with them to pick up tony, but they only find tony's father there. when they reach his house with the two boys looking for their friend. tony's father leaves to get his son. however, he comes back with a shotgun instead, then fires at the two boys. without warning, lane and that managed to avoid getting hit. and as they run, tony's father chases them down. while lane and matt hyde, clarissa sees tony's armed father running toward their car. she immediately starts the engine and drives off, leaving her two friends. luckily, the boys see clarissa speeding away, and they're able to catch up with her. tim and moko drive to fex house. meanwhile, feck is still looking for jon outside his house, and is surprised to see him inside with a cat. fec reminds jon that lane told him not to leave until he's back, but john doesn't seem to care. he tries putting the cat on feck's life-sized doll, which only makes him mad. feck demands him to get rid of the cat, but jon refuses. when john sees a chain hanging on the wall, he asks feck if he was a biker. and feck claims that he was back in the days. fact, then starts talking about how he lost his leg due to a motorcycle accident. and as they talk, john notices that they already ran out of beer. john wants to borrow fx car to buy some beer, but feck reminds him that he's not supposed to go anywhere. determined to get his beer, john tells fec to go instead of him, promising that he'll behave. suddenly, they hear a sound coming from outside, which happens to come from tim and moko. back in the car. lane gets pissed at clarissa for leaving them. however, clarissa gets mad too, saying he doesn't need her or matt to be with him. she proposes to just go to the cops and tell them where jon is, but of course, lane warns her not to. this spurs an argument between them. and lane insists that there's nothing more they can do about jaime's death. he pulls over and tries leaving clarice at a gas station, but matt protests and stays behind with her. the two start walking home while talking about lane. and as they reach clarissa's house, she abruptly goes inside to get some sleeping bags. after that, she goes back outside to kiss matt, then asks him to go to the park with her. back at fex place, tim and moko hide. as lane pulls into the driveway, lane bangs on the door, and when no one answers it. he kicks it open, only to find the house empty. in a convenient store, matt is buying some beer when john shows up with the cashier refusing to sell them alcohol. jon suddenly pulls out a gun and points it at the cashier. he asks matt to leave, and matt is quick to comply. meanwhile, lane is throwing a fit as he leaves feck's house with him gone. tim and moko go inside and ransack the place in search of guns. but instead of finding fex guns, they find his stash of pot. at the park, clarissa learns that matt was the one who told the cops about jaime. clarissa admits that she couldn't even cry for jaime. and they continue talking about their feelings over their friend's death. after that, clarissa confesses to matt that she likes him, and with that, the two start kissing. on the other hand, lane is still frantically looking for john and feck, not knowing that they're drinking by the river's edge. in his drunken stupor, john shouts profanities, all while firing fex gun. the older man tries to stop him, but john only asks him if that was the gun he used to kill the girl he was talking about, adding that he probably did it to show her whose boss conflicted. fec tells him that he's not sure if he will understand, especially since he actually loved the girl. john proceeds to brag about killing jaime, and he starts firing the gun again. matt, who's making love with clarissa in the park, hears it, but he doesn't stop. feck demands him to return his gun. and when jon returns it, he puts on airs about how he doesn't even need a gun since he was able to kill jaime with his bare hands. he boasts about that day jon was on top of her when he strangled her. and he talks about how he wasn't even mad when he did it, and jaime didn't look surprised. after just a few minutes, jamie's face turned dark purple, and she just stared at him. john is so proud that he had total control of jamie. she was dead there in front of him, while he felt so alive after relishing in his murder. he asks feck if that's how he felt after killing the girl he loved. but feck tells him that it wasn't. jon's so sure that he's going to prison, but feck assures him that lane will help him. jon doesn't believe him, however, and says that lane isn't even a real friend. john infect continue to talk by the river's edge, while matt and clarissa try to get some sleep around the park. lane, however, is left to drive around town, still searching and incessantly popping his pills. meanwhile, tim and moko get high after using all of fxpot the following morning, fec shoots john in the head before going home. there he gets ambushed by tim and moko. after they hit him on the head, tim and moko make quick work of stealing his gun and getting in his car. in the streets, the cops find lane unconscious in his car. he is then taken to the police station where he is left in a room to wait. tim and moko go to matt's school, while inside, maggie and tony are being interviewed about jamie's death. at the station, lane continues to keep his mouth shut about jamie's murder. clarisse is in class, but she can't answer her teacher's question when asked if she's upset over jaime's death, tim and moko continue to wait outside the school. still inside fex car. back at his place, feck wakes up thanks to lane's call. lane asks where jon is, and feck tells him he's gone in the river. as they're talking, the cops suddenly show up in a restfec, leaving lane to run for his car. as matt's group gathers by the river, matt notices something floating in the water, but he realizes that it's just fec's life-sized all lane then arrives to look for jon, but clarissa tells him to just forget about him. still thinking that mike is the one who told the cops about jaime, lane tries attacking him, but matt stops him. this only leaves lane furious, and he starts running away, but matt goes after him. finally, he admits that he's the one who tried turning john in. thoroughly upset, lane could only continue looking for his friend. and when he at last finds him dead by the river's edge, lane weeps. hearing his cries. matt and his friends run up to where he is, but before matt could reach him, tim calls out and points a gun at his own brother. fortunately, matt gets tim to tuck her out. matt apologizes for hurting him and demands that he give him the gun. when tim finally comes to his senses, matt puts his arm around his younger brother. in the hospital, feck tells the cops that he killed john because there's no hope for him and that he didn't even love jaime. though, feck says that he killed a girl himself years ago, he clings to the fact that he at least loved her. back at the river's edge, the authorities arrived to retrieve jon's body and take him away. after all of that, matt and his friends pay their respects at jamie's funeral. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 