so I like, Batman Forever. this bit terrible, right? so that's pretty attention-seeking. just a massive jet flying through the middle of Gotham. I wonder, I wonder where that look on that rooftop there. just drop something up there. Oh, what? what's going on here? there seems to be a man changing. oh yeah, definitely waist guy. is it guys? mask off? I think this is what always annoyed me about this, sequences. a bat man standing in broth will not broad daylight, but, you know, he's just had a jet draw attention of this rooftop, and then he's walking around with his mask off, strutting about for the camera like some cosplay I who's, it's his first comic-con, you know what I mean, he's walking around like, hey, Ichigo. on every trailer, you know that, because every, every trailer a comic-con is, you see, unwatchable, because they're just like, so we're announcing that Wonder Woman is a woman. he's exactly where you just tried to fly to. he's kept it cuz I played this game before. probably shouldn't be clearly talking to the commissioner's daughter on a comm channel in front of a policeman over there like a [ __ ] idiot. I did always kind of like this bit where he throws up in scans the city, even though the lad could have went there before, when I was doing the training, he turned them Romney turn. he knew better than added, even though, of completely the game about 75 times, because I've got no life. so, yeah, it's based on access chemicals. I like this sort of them. I wouldn't there if Suicide Squad stole from this, because Captain Boomerang does a bit like this, where he throws the Boomer I get it, spins around with that, with a camera on it. yeah. so it's good to see that this game influenced something great. oscar-winning Suicide Squad. yeah, one enough scale at film. so very, very good film. sure. I will show you. love it as well. I love how the lads got remote-control tank, but it's still, it's still jumping in it to fight people. it was very dangerous German and every - like [ __ ] it. you think I live this long by doing smart [ __ ] no, I stand in front of helicopters and let them. would have targets on me anyway. [ __ ] these lads and so DC, you've recently announced that Batman is am a human which is a bit, you know, it kind of goes against the law. it kind of goes against the main thing that everyone likes Batman for, which is that he has no powers. so they've just decided all of us, and, yeah, Batman actually is a superhero. and which a bit crack. but thinking about it, what like, if you can answer this, I'd appreciate it. what actually is his superheroes? because their superpowers, because the guy conned run fast. he doesn't have super strength. he can't, like, fly. so is his metahuman power just that he's Batman? just a little, just not a thing, the thing on there. anyway, guys, I know you love in about DC all day like I do, because you're a loser, and you will. you are a loser a few bloody watching this. that's all I can say. [Music], morning ladies. hahahahaha. I just killed you. they might not be alive. they're a skeleton crew. if he kept my drift. just a little bit of Gotham humor for you there. I never really understood. and this bit, because Batman has absolutely no idea who's in this. so I don't know why he walks - he walks to the end of the bridge to stare down the helicopter. the lad seems to be a lot smarter than that, but, yeah, for some reason he just, he doesn't know that he doesn't know the guy's not gonna kill him. yeah, it's just, oh, yeah, I just walk in front of my enemies. the guy seems to look more tactical than that. it seems they're very stupid. so was it, was he just gonna stand and let their latch on them? you know, it doesn't doesn't really make sense. I never liked that bit in the game. it seemed a bit too action movie it. it's not the only bit I didn't like in the game. in fact, I hate at every [ __ ] tank section that that's coming up. you know, I hate it as well when Deathstroke. greatest hanhan combat fight yet in the DC Universe, often regarded as a better hand-to-hand combat fighter. damn Batman. anyway, they have a big boss battle with him. build up to it, build up to it. it's a [ __ ] tank fight. always in the [ __ ] tanks. another thing I never got about this game was I know I'm nitpicking. I do really like, really, really like the game, and it's one of my favourite games of all time. where did they get all the money from for this? I've got absolutely no idea. scarecrow never had this much money. Jason Todd was dead for about 20s. spoiler alert. so there's no way the lad would have all of this money. nothing about a higher five thousand people by seventeen million times, never-ending stream at tanks and all this [ __ ], which was in the boys Kenneth, or might be right. shall go because in the under the hood graphic novel, don't know. but Jason tall was actually brought back by Rachel ghoul, and he was sort of brain dead for a bit. but then Superman, I think it was, did something quite remember what he did. and he, so that's, that's a good at trivia fair. he did something, and it caused a sonic boom, which allowed Jason Todd to come back to life. I saw something, but Jason Todd, I was alive inside his grave, I think it was. and he beat his way out, but he was severely brain-damaged from the Joker. so the latter little lad who was a mental and then I think they dropped him in the Lazarus Pit. he came back. so bit of trivia for you there. and story was written by Judd Winick, who also wrote the animated version of it. animated version is much, much better than their graphic novel. it's so much better than it that I actually, I bought the graphic novel one thing, you know, you know, graphic novel visions normally better than an animated movie. read it, and when right, what the hell is this? and just list it listed on eBay straight away. often when I'm angry with things, I just list them on eBay. and under the hood was one of those ones that I just and apparently, Judd Winick, the writer, actually wrote the animated version of it because he just thought up words, yeah, this is in there. this isn't originally as good as I thought it was gonna be. that sounds like something to say when they don't really know any technical terms. like, if you watch The Bourne Supremacy or something, the latest one. anyway, anyway, some reason they say like, hey, that SQL is downloading to the database on the new ruder modem thing. and he just like, yeah, may I work in computers. you've got no [ __ ] idea what you're talking about. whoever wrote that clearly just went through my CV two years ago where I just wanted a job in the internet stuff. so just watch this, google loads of buzzwords and just wrote any [ __ ] on them. and so thanks very much for checking out my CV. by the way, writers of The Bourne Identity, it's just a shame that you couldn't write your home and good film in the last one. you [ __ ]. you [ __ ] you're a [ __ ]. I like how the guy kind of breaks them down, so it's sort of teasing you who, who is, you know? I mean, like, you know who he's gotta know Batman well to be able to say, oh, I know all the places just to touch him. I used to touch him in those special places that those were the sensitive places. so the guy clearly knows him well on an intimate level. some would say, mmm, ace chemicals, very famous pop of the Batman law. depending on what origins story of the Joker you believe, then this is the place that caused his accident, where that bleach his skin look very cool. they're just stepping our when to hitting the switch that's why you should never make X you jump and activate button. but anyway, I digress. if you've seen Batman in 1989, and let's face it, you probably have, because you're watching an Arkham Knight playthrough like a bloody idiot, probably on a Friday night. what the hell is wrong with you? get a life. then it was called axis chemicals. and that, which is a bit strange. I never quite got why they they had a different name for both of them. but you know, the origin story in em of the Joker is very much the same as the one in the Killing Joke, except for, in The Killing Joke, it kind of revolves around the Red Hood. and so basically, in The Killing Joke, there's a guy called where, I don't always call anyway, he's a stand-up comedian. he's wife's pregnant. he wants a bit of money, you know, he wants a bit of money to provide for his family. can't pay the rent. stand-up comedy's not not paying much. he's not very funny. he reminds me a bit of myself. so he basically joins this criminal fraternity to do a robbery on ACE chemicals, which is where he's to work as he knows the ins and outs of it. they look, the criminals are, of course, very interested in having his insight, in his knowledge. so the higher the guide, the higher the lab. anyway, during one of the meetings, he finds out the his wife as being, she's just died. there was a toaster malfunction or something like that, something ridiculous. and which was, it was the point of it, and she's dead. so the criminals are, look, yeah, you Buda cat. you better still go through with a job. you know, think about how lovely of a funeral your wife's gonna have, because you're gonna be a bloody rich so the guy goes through with it, and he regrets it when he's, you know, he's mines, obviously, on other things, when he goes to gots to do the job. anyway, they didn't realize they've got bloody security in there. and and, you know, the the two mobsters at Eastwood doing the job worth get shot. I should have really scanned for them. you know what? I'm not. I know, in the game you meant actually scan for these dead workers before you go and see them. and I'm not gonna bother cause I'm about it anyway, Batman shows up on the scene, and he sees the lad any luck yet, you're coming with me, the guy, jack, will call them. he stumbles into over a railing and lands, he just, he just lands in the pool of slime and toxin. the guy gets brush out the pipe. the other, the other side, any emerges as the Joker. and so quite a big, significant location in the Batman mythology. if you you one of those people like me who thinks the Joker's Batman's best villain, then this is pretty much theis massively and his origin story, so really good. and they also revisit in 0ya, which is sort of the new 52 retelling of the batman origin story. and that's, that's, like, it's, it's sort of a similar story. it's a bit more action-packed. but, yeah, really, really good. definitely recommend checking out the Killing Joke, which is one of the best Batman stories ever. and zero, yes, also one of the best as well. so, yeah, make sure you get them on your reading list. what they do another like [ __ ] him up the arse or something there. so one in the best bits of Batman V Superman was how much they got, like, the the combat scene right when Batman breaks in to save Martha. Martha, just that fight scene, especially in the extended edition way, it's just absolutely, like, brutalizing people. and it's one of the best scenes in a comic book film ever, I think. I mean, sometimes I just load that up on, what, on YouTube, just to watch it. it's so well choreographed, and it just completely catches Batman would fight. I remember watching the raid for the first time, and there's a scene in that where the main character, I don't know the lads name. I don't want to say anything that could be in case I'm wrong and I sound like a racist, you know, I'm not Pro Donald Trump. yeah, he just has like, such a good fight in that. and I was like, oh, if they ever made a Batman movie with that scene and a guy who fights like that, it would be like, bang on. so when the Zack Snyder one dropped and I seen that trailer, the first trailer where they pretty much show the warehouse fight, I actually went into my room and like cried for a bit, because I was just like, oh, my god, they completely nailed the fight. and just the fighting from from top to bottom. and I just nailed all the fight in there cuz I got, like, in a e82 combo clash there. so shout out to me and they'll get more than Schneider nailed there. and say whatever you want about Zack Snyder. that scene alone, it's like amazing. like, I really hope the Justice League has a scene like that, because it's so, so good. and you can literally, like, if someone ever says, you know, why do you like Batman? just show them that scene. sometimes I wonder if Alfred just said that, because he's like, yeah, I just kill this lie. just kill him. you know what the best way to war? Batman's plan in this game would be? would just put people in the tank. crazy cuz he was like, only shooting this now cuz he thinks there's no one in it. see, Alfred should have just lighting the lad if he had to kill them, and the whole game would have been over. everyone understood him. it would there wouldn't have been mad. there'd be me. yeah. who's gonna, who's gonna murder everyone in this city? yeah. you know, I mean, I think people like can be quite understanding of murder, if the if it's like the best option. like, a lot of people kick off about Superman killing General Zod in Man of Steel. I seem to be the only one who was like, nah, it's fine. yeah, yeah, he had to do it. I mean, there's no prison on earth that can hold Zod. they didn't know about kryptonite back then. yeah, he has to kill him. if anything, he should be, should have killed them already. shouldn't be letting the lad walk around. and Zod Bailey was like, look, we're gonna fight to the death. I'm not, I'm not messing about here. soon. I will knock here out. I think that was the line from the script. and so he had no choice. if Batman's killed in the comics before, and, you know, even Batman Begins, he left Rachele Ghul died in that train. I don't care about the whole like, I'm not gonna save you. I don't have to save you. like, yeah, you are killing them, you that's definitely murder. you know. that's not like, a good thing. that's like seeing someone in the house fire. you could have helped them out instead, you don't. that doesn't not make you like a murderer. you let that guy die. so, Batman's, you has, he's killed a couple of times. I mean, Batman's origin, in the thirties, he murdered people left right and center, and it has slowly been brought to, you know, he doesn't kill. well, I think would have been great in Batman V Superman is if Batman actually didn't kill in that movie. like, they're one of the big criticisms of Batman V Superman, other than the terrible script and Lex Luthor being absolutely terrible and you just want to kick its head in, is that Batman kills in it. and it would have been so much better with driving or style there. would have been so much better if Batman, like, I hadn't have killed people. but it was so like, scared of Superman that he was like, oh, this is gonna be, this is gonna be the first, like, person I ever kill. and but it's, it's the only way. and then, you know, when he's holding that spear over his head and he's about to stab him, just before he says, Martha a terrible, terrible, he's like, oh, this is gonna be my first kill. you know, it would make it so much more dramatic. but instead, they just have a Batman gunning people down left, right and center. which, yeah, no, not a good thing. but, you know, I'd forgive him for killing the arkham knight. the lad was a [ __ ] you 