hi. so there's this Mother's Day action thriller starring Gabriel Union, who I'm nominating as hottest mom of the year. and she pretty much has to break into her own house to save her kids from a couple of hooligans. I love the premise, but this thing is one of the goofiest streamis I can give to a Mother's Day film. let me explain. so we started off on move-in day. since Gabriel's dad has died, and the dude pretty much got his reparations, and he owns the entire freaking plantation, my mans living in the Disney Channel original movie smart house, which obviously means that people are gonna want to rob him, since he's rich. there's Bella's dad from Twilight, who's leading this pack of Thieves. he's got one of the members of thirty Seconds to Mars, this East LA homey who, for whatever reason, is speaking and a cowboy accents. pretty much. these dudes are the dumbest people you can find, because they want to rob this house because they heard a rumor there's a safe. they don't know where the safe is, or how to deal with a mother of two. I mean, at no point did they say that this lady was taking Taekwondo classes, or that she had, I don't know, binge, the raid series, so she knew how to imitate those moves. but she's just pounding on these dudes. this lady's bouncing off the walls. there's a scene where she's hanging off of a corner like Batman and freaking Batman V Superman. there's points where she doesn't even need to do these crazy things. she could just, you know, do a wall, sit in a corner, and they won't see her. but there are moments which she's even just trying to intimidate them, where she just like stares at them and says, bring it on with a stare. is it dope to see a mother get that extra parental strength and become pretty much a superhero to save her kids? of course. I mean, I don't know about having the dad get beat up by somebody else who weighs like half of his protein shake. but yeah, she definitely and literally brought down the house on these dudes. I will say though, mothers do deserve a better script, because there are moments where the main bad dude is like using a motion detector to locate where the mom is inside of the house. and she's like, Dennis the Menace in it with this drone. but like, the map that we're looking at literally shows one died in the house. they're like, we're all aware that the kids are also moving. and there's the other two goons, and there's also the guy who's moving around the house with the detector. there's just a couple of little things like that that I think kind of add up. but by the end of it, they're all dead. anyway, right? the mom saves the day. and we learned that if you ever get locked out of your house, just call your momma. she'll break in for you. thank you guys for checking out this video. a quick one for movie that came out. I don't know how long it'll last out in theaters, but if you checked it out, or if you want to take a moment ago so you definitely go see it. I would recommend totally. I did a video on that. that's the one Mother's Day movie. even though it's past, your mom is still important. so I gotta go see that one cuz I was pretty good. this one had a lot of goofy moments, especially it took like five minutes to realize the whole movie is sponsored by Life storage. for whatever reason, there's life storage like boxes and mugs and I don't know a bunch of stuff that's in there. other than that, luminary thoughts on this movie, or any others down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send your mama letter for next year. 