fast and furious presents Hobbs and Shah, is about to hit theatres. so if you aren't caught up on all of the faster Furious movies, have no idea who Hobbs and Shah even are, or just need a quick refresher, we've got you covered. here's everything you need to know about the Hobbs and Shah characters from The Fast and Furious franchise. we are first introduced to Dwayne the rock Johnson as Luke Hobbs in the film Fast Five. the previous fast movies have evolved to set up Vin Diesel's Dominic Toretto, and his team as Robin hood-like figures using street racing skills to pull off various heists. Fast Five starts with DOM being busted out of prison by his team, before they all flee to Rio de Janeiro. once there, they get caught up in a plan which sees them planning a heist to steal a hundred million dollars from local crime lord Hernan Reyes. obviously, things get complicated when DSS agent Luke Hobbs arrives in Rio with his highly skilled team to stop DOM and place him under arrest. the rest of Fast Five plays out like a game of cat and mouse, with Dom's team planning their heist while trying to avoid being captured by Hobbs and his team. ultimately, Dom's team is captured, but when Ray as his men attack and kill Hobbes's team, Dwayne the rock, Hobbs decides to team up with his rival Dom to seek out revenge and pull off the money heist. Dom's team successfully steals the money, and Hobbes kills Reyes. he's still plan on arresting Dom, but their time together had earned Dom a 24 hour head start. so Dom's team flees, still wanted, but very rich. which takes us to Fast &amp; Furious 6. Dom's team is spread across the world, happy, but tired of always looking over their shoulders as wanted criminals. luckily, Luke Hobbs returns with a very enticing deal. former Special Ops soldier Owen Shaw has formed a team that is attacking military and government facilities around the world, stealing components to make a deadly MacGuffin that Shaw plans to sell to the highest bidder. Hobbes wants to stop him. if Dobbs team helps, he can grant them full amnesty and freedom. so now Hobbs has joined Dobbs team as they track Shaw across several different countries, eventually leading to a climax in a jumbo plane on an infinite runway. Dom's team family member, Gisele, played by Cal Godot, is killed in the conflict. but in the end, Shaw is defeated after being thrown from a moving plane. Hobbs grants team family their freedom. and although they are mourning the loss of one of their own, things are finally looking up. except, it turns out, oh and Shaw has a bigger and badder older brother named Deckard Shaw, played by none other than Jason Statham. in a post-credits scene, Deckard Shaw kills Dom's BFF, Hahn, and makes it known that hole also be coming after the rest of the team. and that takes us into Furious 7. even though it's revealed that Owen Shaw isn't actually dead, the plot of the film revolves around Deckard Shaw going after Dom's team in an act of vengeance. after killing Hahn, decorative tacks Hobbes, nearly killing him and placing him in the hospital for the majority of the film. the rest of the film is another giant game of cat and mouse that spans the globe, with Dom's team and Deckard Shaw alternately hunting the other, while also in pursuit of a MacGuffin known as the gods I. eventually, the action returns to Los Angeles, where Hobbes flexes out of his cast to rejoin the fight against Deckard Shaw. Dom defeats Shaw, and Hobbes has arrested and sent to a secret high-security prison. and that finally brings us to the most recent film in the franchise, the fate of the furious new villain. cypher, played by Charlize Theron, blackmails Dom into joining her team. you see, it turns out Dom has a secret son he didn't know about. and if Dom doesn't help her start a nuclear war, it's not gonna be good for baby diesel. so Dom betrays his team and double-crosses them on a mission set up by Hobbs. Hobbs ends up arrested and sent to the same high-security prison as Deckard Shaw. the two escaped and reluctantly team up to take down cypher with the villains team. it's now up to Hobbes to lead our team of heroes. Hobbes leads the team to Russia to disarm a nuclear submarine, while Deckard Shaw gets help from his brother Owen and infiltrating ciphers playing to rescue Dom's son, in one of the most adorable action scenes ever filmed. after Deckard successfully saves baby diesel, DOM can finally rejoin Hobbes and his team to thwart the nuclear war. although cypher ends up escaping, the world is ultimately saved and Dom Hobbes and Shaw are able to put aside their differences. mostly we'll see how long that lasts when Hobbes and Shaw are forced back together in their own spin-off. what are your favorite moments from The Fast &amp; Furious franchise? what are you most looking forward to at Hobbes and Shaw and who else should get their own spin-off? let me know in the comments below. like this video, subscribe for more, and I'll see you in the next one. 