cinema synopses, spoiler alert. in the Eastern European country of sokovia, the Avengers, Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Thor Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanov and Clint Barton. grade-a Hydra facility commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker. I think we lost the element of surprise, who has been experimenting on humans using the scepter previously wielded by Loki von der Septon send out the twins. they encounter two of strucker's test subject twins, Pietro Maximoff, who has superhuman speed, and Wanda Maximoff, who can manipulate minds and project energy. the second enhanced female an apprehended Strucker. guys, I got Strucker. while Stark retrieves Loki's scepter. The Avengers arrived. back in New York, I just pay for everything and design everything look cooler. stark and banner discover an artificial intelligence within the scepters gem. the scepter is alien. the jewel appears to be a protective housing something powerful like a computer, artificial intelligence. and secretly decide to use it to complete Starks Ultron global defense program. this could be the key to creating Ultron, the unexpectedly sentient Ultron. what is this? you are ultra global peacekeeping initiatives. believing he must eradicate humanity to save earth, eliminates Starks. AI Jarvis, I believe your intentions to be hostile. I'm here to stop ultra in the flesh and attacks the Avengers at their headquarters, escaping with the scepter. Ultron uses the resources in strucker's sokovia base to upgrade his rudimentary body and build an army of robot drones. having killed Strucker, he recruits the maximov's is that why you've come to end the Avengers? I've come to save the world. but also, yeah, who hold Starks responsible for their parents's deaths by his company's weapons? you lost your parents in the bombing. the records we wait for two days for Tony Stark to kill us. goes to the base of arms dealer ulysses klaue to obtain what hundun vibranium, what comes out of Wakanda, the strongest metal on earth. let's talk business. Stark is he's a Sikh Junior. you're gonna break your old man's heart. the Avengers attack Ultron and the maximum stay down, Kate. but Wanda subdues them with haunting visions. done the whole mind control thing. not a fan. I'm Colin Veronica, causing the Hulk to rampage until start stops him with his auntie halt armor. the sleep could sleep. could sleep. a worldwide backlash over the resulting destruction and the fears Wanda's hallucinations incited send the team into hiding. what is this place? safe house. Thor departs to consult with dr. Erik Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic future he saw in his hallucination. in sole dream and your entire staff dies. Ultron forces the team's friend, dr. Helen Cho, who was enslaved by Loki's scepter, to use her synthetic tissue technology, together with vibranium and the scepters, gem to perfect a new body for him. Romanoff and Banner planned to flee together after realizing a mutual attraction. however, Nick Fury arrives and encourages the team to form a plan to stop Ultron. so stand outwit the Platinum. Thor visits the water of sight with dr. Selvig and sees what Ultron is planning to do with the Infinity stone inside the scepter. as Ultron uploads himself into the body, Wanda is able to read his mind, discovering his plan for human extinction. the maximov's turn against Ultron. [Music], he's the plotting himself into the body. rogers, romanov and barton find Ultron, retrieve the synthetic body. Ultron captures Romanoff. I wasn't sure. the Avengers fight amongst themselves, when Starks secretly uploads Jarvis, who is still operational after hiding from Ultron inside the internet doors. has been beating him from insights into the synthetic body. you want me to help you put Jarvis into this thing? Thor returns to help activate the body, explaining that the gem on its brow the mine stone. it's one of the six Infinity stones, the most powerful objects in existence. was part of his vision. he must be destroyed. this vision. and the maximov's accompany the Avengers to sokovia, where Ultron has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital city skyward. this is how you end to me. this is peace in my time, intending to crash it into the ground to cause global extinction if it drops once it gets high enough, global extinction. banner rescues Romanov, who awakens the Hulk for battle. I adore you, but I need the other guy. the Avengers fight Ultron's army, while fury arrives in a Helicarrier with Maria Hill, James Rhodes and shield agents to evacuate civilians. let's load him up. Pietro dies when shields Barton from gunfire. and a vengeful Wanda abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body, which allows one of his drones to activate the machine. the city plummets. darkened. Thor overload the machine and shatter the landmass in the aftermath. the Hulk, unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being with her. I need, departs in a Quinjet. well, I was born yesterday. well vision confronts and seemingly destroys Ultron's last remote body later, with the Avengers having established a new base run by fury hill, Cho and Selig Thor returns to Asgard to learn more about the forces he suspects have manipulated recent events. the mine stone is the fourth of the Infinity stones. the last few years, as Stark leaves and Barton retires, Rogers and Romanoff prepare to train New Avengers. their good and not a team. let's beat him into shape. Rhodes the vision Sam and Wanda. in a mid credit scene, Thanos, dissatisfied by the failures of his pawns, dons a gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity stones himself. here are some fun Easter eggs and trivia from The Avengers 2. age of Ultron. in the comics, Ultron was created by dr. Hank Pym ant-man. in this film, Ultron is a dormant project developed by Tony Stark and Pym appear separately in ant-man. in 2015, Stan Lee makes his regular cameo as a veteran at the Avengers party who takes a drink of Thor's ale. leus said this is his favorite cameo to date. Bruce banners creation that houses the extra Hulkbuster parts. veronica is named that as an in-joke, based on the Archie comics. Archie Andrews is always torn between the two women that love him, Betty and Veronica. banner, already had a girlfriend, Betty Ross, so this armor was named Veronica as a contrast to banners. alternate personality, the Hulk, during his first meeting with the maximov's Ultron, is seen wearing a crimson cloth, like a cloak with a hood. in his first appearance in The Avengers number 54 in 1968. he wore one throughout the comic and had the alias of the Crimson cowl. Black Widow declines trying to lift Thor's hammer. in the comics, she was deemed worthy to wield it. in an alternate reality story, Steve Rogers is the only Avenger besides Thor in the vision who was able to move the enchanted hammer, Mjolnir, albeit only making it budge slightly. in the comics, he was able to move it fully, as best seen in the 2012 crossover event, fear itself. this is why Rogers could move it slightly at the party, causing Thor to be momentarily anxious about his own worthiness to hold the hammer. nothing. [Music] 