a gang of bandits in western america invade towns and declare them as their own. who will stop them? today, we'll go through a post-apocalyptic, science fiction western film from 1955 called steel frontier. this is just my opinion on the movie and not a substitute for watching it. links to the movie are in the description below. the movie begins in a desert where a short man lies dying on the ground. he looks up to see jesus, but it happens to be a skinny guy with middle parted long hair. then we notice the man isn't short, but both of his legs are cut off. he asks jesus to mercy kill him, and he does. the movie's bad guys are old-fashioned, psychopathic gangsters called the death writers, death because, well, they kill people and riders, because they ride in a series of questionable vehicles, like this car inside a case. anyway, the leader of the group is general julius jw. quantro. let's call him jw because it sounds cooler. in the movie, he's supposed to be the descendant of confederate cavalry officer william quantro. the crazy killers go around different towns and conquer them. they threaten the people, kill one or two of them, take the town's flag down, yes, towns in this movie have their own flag, and then wave the gang's flag. that's it. now the town is theirs and they can do anything they like with it. in a similar venture, they reach the town called new hope. the town of new hope is a quiet and seemingly nice place, until the loud bandits arrive. at first the people seem to be confused. no one runs or hides. but they soon realize the bad guys are here. jw walks into a barbershop and asks to get his beard shaved. outside, his men tear the town apart. they grab woman, kill anyone who retaliates, and run around screaming. for some reason, the craziest one of them all is a man in bright orange feathers, questionable fashion choice. but even weirder is his behavior. he just follows his fellow mates around and repeats what they say to make it sound more dramatic. amidst the scared townspeople is a woman named sarah looking for her son. one of the thugs is jw's son, named julius. he's in a red beret. and swimming goggles. is this a town invasion, or the met gala? finally, the police arrive. the head of the police completely ignores the chaos and goes to the barber shop. he tried to negotiate with jw, but gets hit by a bullet instead. the bullet sends him flying through the door. a little unrealistic, but anything to make the movie dramatic. the gang then goes ballistic on the other police officers. a shootout ensues. a cowboy hat wearing gangster kills several cowboy hat-wearing civilians. sarah has finally found her son, but the gangster catches her. in the end, the 11-minute long fight dies down and the death riders win. they take down new hope's flag and replace it with their own. the gangsters celebrate by firing in the air. jw's beard is finally shaved. he comes out to his men, telling him that the town is now all his new hope has no hope. now in the following scene, that jesus look alike from the beginning of the movie, rides through the desert on his motorbike. he stops his bike midway and uses a device to charge his gun. he might have charged his bike, but it's not clear. he then hunts a small animal and eats it at night. suddenly, a group of wild people attacks him for no apparent reason. they fight for a while. he shoots all of them dead and continues eating. back in new hope, the death riders abduct the town's mayor. they also make every middle-aged man in the town stand in the line and offer them to either join their gang or die. one, mostly scared and somewhat wise, gentleman agrees to join them, while the others are killed as per the agreement. then they announced the town is under the jurisdiction of their general, jw. new hope is no longer a town, but a military base, and will be run as such. the thugs think there's some kind of self-made soldiers here to conquer the world. the following day, that jesus look alike, whose name happened to be johnny uma, is looking around the desert with his strange binoculars. he sees the death riders abducting a man trying to run away. the writers later approach yuma and ask him if he's seen a man running why is everyone in this movie wearing a hat. anyway, yuma flees on his bike as the riders follow him. yuma's bike is as futuristic as it gets. it even lets out bombs that attack the riders as vehicles. he manages to destroy most of them. but even his futuristic bike doesn't save him from being caught. he is then taken to new hope with the other prisoners. he's welcomed by a skirt and antenna wearing person. the whole movie is a ball of weird fashion choices. in the town, everyone is made to work on a tire farm. they basically have to carry tires around the whole day. this is the death writer's idea of a military base. yuma is brought in front of julius. he asks yuma who he is, and is hurt when yuma replies to his questions confidently. he's used to people being scared of him and is intrigued by yuma's personality. colonel roy acked, one of the higher class of the thugs, asks julius to duel yuma. he even gives yuma his gun back and warns him about julius being jw's son. the two rivals stand in front of each other with their guns. as julius brings his gun out, yuma makes it fly in the air. the man's aim is perfect. everyone watches in awe as yuma catches julius's gun and humiliates him in front of everyone. julius orders his men to kill yuma, but the commander commands otherwise. they want to include him in their team because of his gun flying skills. yuma has to go through the welcoming ritual, that is, to burn himself with a crescent moon shaped iron rod. he does that and is officially one of the bad guys. now, then the other bad guys beat the [ __ ] out of yuma. another welcoming tradition, i guess. later, sarah and her son are in their home. the little boy saw yuma that morning and was impressed by him. he boasts to his mother about the man. just then one of the writers enters their home and claims sarah as his own. that is how it works in new hope. sarah has no choice but to go with him for the sake of her family's safety. at a bar nearby, the commander introduces the names of the gang members to yuma, but yuma's eyes land on sarah. she's a damsel in distress. he's the protagonist. what do you think is gonna happen? the men start playing poker. yuma, of course, wins all of their money, then accepts sarah as the bet. he wins that round and claims sarah as his own. but the thug who abducted her points his gun at him, not wanting to let go of the girl. however, when he sees the grim look on huma's face, the man is [ __ ] scared. he claims he was joking and hands the girl to yuma. meanwhile, the town's mayor and a few other people start to plan to fight the death riders. yuma takes sarah out of the bar and lets her go home. we see him take out a bunch of cards from his sleeves. it turns out he cheated to get the girl. sarah runs to the little meeting the mayor is holding. they want to fight the writers, but know that they cannot win. as they talk about god sending a savior for them, the camera pans towards yuma. he has been listening to them talk the whole time, but doesn't inform the gang about their plan. turns out he's not the bad guy after all. yuma then goes to talk with colonel royakit. he tells yuma they're survivors rather than gangsters, and explains the origin of the death riders. he also says that their leader, jw, is not in the town. some days, one of their men comes running to the commander, informing him of the civilians little meeting happening in the shed. the commander collects the gang from the bar. meanwhile, yuma alerts sarah and the others to run away. he also asks the other gang members to go to the shed, claiming that they have been attacked. when the first group arrives there, they don't see any civilians. but the second group, sent by yuma starts shooting at them in the same fashion. a shootout ensues between the members of death riders. how smart of our protagonist. the second group is completely destroyed by the first one, and the first group finally notices they were fighting their own kind. then we see yuma sitting alone, looking at an old picture of what i assume is his family. he plays harmonica while mourning their deaths. it's so obvious he isn't the one playing he doesn't even move his hands, and we never see the instrument. the following day, the thug who lost sarah to yuma approaches sarah at the farm. he takes her inside a room and tries to force himself on her. all this while the orange feather guide jumps in the background. don't ask me why. sarah's son arrives there with a slingshot and hits the jumping maniac dead. yes, with a slingshot. the other one is about to attack the kid, but is interrupted by yuma. the two get into a fight. as they do, sarah shoots the thug dead. the kid hands yuma his hat, after which he leaves. the commander brings their bodies into the town, tied to the car. the group suspects yuma to be the one behind the deaths. it has only been a week he has been in the group, and a dozen of their men have died already. sarah's son is listening to them talk from afar. he runs to yuma and informs him of the gang's plan. he asks if yuma is going to turn sarah in. but yuma sees no profit in that. he knows he'll have to fight now. he walks over to the gang, and the commander asks him if he knows who killed the two. yuma doesn't say a word and just stands there. at this point, sarah is brought there too. some of the men stand in front of yuma and get ready to fight. they send sarah walking towards yuma for no apparent reason. yuma takes two guns out of his pocket and shoots everyone standing beside sarah. within a matter of seconds. man's got good aim and is fast as flash. i would think all of the death riders are dead, but no, there is some left, along with a commander in julius. they start shooting at yuma, and foolishly think he can die. yuma asks angel to start shooting. angel happens to be his voice activated gun fitted on his bike. it shoots and kills some more men, causing a shootout. again, yuma gets shot in the commotion and is caught by one of them. somehow both of them do not have their guns, so now they have to throw hands, elongating the movie by at least 5 minutes. many punches and flying kicks later, they end up on a bridge. yuma throws the thug off the bridge and kills him. meanwhile, the commander and julius get into an argument because julius complains about the commander not respecting him with his fashion sense. i wouldn't respect him either. an injured yuma then kills julius, but he lets the commander drive away easily. now that all the death riders are gone, the townspeople step out and start blaming yuma, ungrateful weirdos. they think that the commander will summon their leader, jw, with his troops and kill the whole town once he sees what yuma has done. yuma falls unconscious after telling the town the end is near. meanwhile, the commander is on his way to inform jw when he's attacked by a bunch of wild people who attacked yuma some time back. he fights them all and makes his way to the death writer's base. what was the point of them attacking him? who even are these people? sarah and her son take care of yuma and dress his wounds. he regains consciousness sometime later, and uses his super-duper magic electric gun thing to heal his wounds. sarah helps him with it, and the two are almost about to kiss when her son comes in talk about wrong timing. the commander finally reaches the base in the scorching heat. a look inside the base tells us that the death riders are a lot more than mindless thugs we thought they were. the heavily guarded place has many gang members and devices. the commander tells jw about a single person killing all of the gang, which surprises jw. he doesn't know how the protagonist's logic works. at the new hope town, everyone starts to pack their bags and leave, fearing the wrath of the death rider's leader. sarah tries to convince them to fight back, something about faith and courage. but the people are smart. they won't put their lives in danger just to prove they're courageous. a man who lost his son to the writers, a middle-aged woman and a few other people stay with sarah. they prepare to fight the death riders. when they return, the riders drive back to the town in their weird vehicles and come across coffins of their former mates. jw is devastated to see his son's dead body. he takes off julius berry and puts it on himself. sarah finds yuma playing harmonica and approaches him. the two look at each other and kiss. finally, the death rat has come to the town to find it deserted. but jw, because of his leader instincts, knows that the people are hiding somewhere. he spreads out his men to look for them. thankfully, this group of death writers is way calmer and non-maniacal than the others. no one shouts or screams, and everyone is in appropriate bad guy uniform. yuma had set traps everywhere around the town. so when the thugs enter the tunnel, it goes up in flames. then everything around them starts to blow up. the townspeople, who have been hiding till now, take the opportunity to start firing at the gang. a shootout ensues. again, i have lost count of how many of these have happened. yuma is on the top of a tower where the men approach him. but he has everything planned. he has set explosives on the stairs and has a rope with him. the explosive keeps the man away, and he uses the rope to easily walk down the tower. the explosion then blows up the whole tower. this doesn't look like cgi impressive. now, only jw is left from the death riders. sarah's son hides inside one of the vehicles, which jw drives away. it's always some kid who messes up the plan. huma gets on another vehicle and follows them, and sarah gets on the third vehicle and follows all of them. jw throws a bomb at yuma's vehicle and blows it up. but our protagonist manages to survive. he gets in sarah's car and continues the pursuit. he manages to get on top of his vehicle, then get on to jw's. he breaks into the driver's seat and swears the vehicle, making it roll over. sarah hits the vehicle, creating a loud explosion. even after all that happens, no one dies instantly. that's right. sarah's son comes out of the vehicle unharmed. yuma and jw are injured. af they lie on the ground beside each other. jw tries to get his hands on a gun, but yuma shoots him dead before he can do anything. do you guys remember the maniac with a skirt and an antenna on? he brings yuma's bike to him. yuma then wraps jw in a cloth and puts him on his bike. sarah's son asks yuma who he is. good question, but shouldn't he have asked that way earlier? yuma hands the kid a piece of paper, gets on his bike and drives away with jw's body. the paper is then revealed to be a federal advertisement that offers money to anyone who can bring in jw, dead or alive. so that's how the movie steel frontier goes. hope you like the video. don't forget to leave a like and comment. i'll see you next time. 