the guy is a professional swimmer, and our girl is his fiancee. the two are about to get married. one day, a close friend asked the guy to come to the old house that his father left him to hang out. the best friend said that they wanted to hold a bachelor party for him to relax before getting married. and what kind of a bachelor party would it be without hot babes? but the guy doesn't like girls dancing near him. he also did not want to let his friends down, so he went swimming alone in the river behind the house. after swimming, he went ashore. he saw a beautiful girl. that wet girl was lisa. she was brushing her hair. the guy cannot control himself. he kissed lisa. lisa asked, do you love me? and the guy lost consciousness. he stayed there with lisa until morning, when his best friends looked for him. they found our guy, butt naked, lying on the bank of the river. the friend spotted a comb near him. he thought that it was his friends, so he brought it back with the clothes. after returning home, the guy thinks that someone is teasing him. he had a feeling someone was watching him shower, watching him change clothes. even when he was sleeping, someone tickled him. he was constantly tormented. his health was getting worse day by day. when the girl picked up the guy's stuff, she discovered the comb. she was deeply hurt. she thought that the guy had someone else outside and no longer loved her. she handed the comb to the guy's elder sister. the sister said that the comb looked familiar. she also found the comb in a photo of her parents. one day, while participating in a swimming competition, the guy imagined lisa stroking him. this made him so excited that he almost drowned. finally, he did not want his conscience to be tormented anymore. he told everything to the girl. she stared at him on the hospital bed. she imagined what he said. apparently that meant her fiance kissed her with the lips that had kissed others. she was angry. she left. the guy chases her to a small room. suddenly, lisa, she wanted to take the guy. luckily, the others arrived and saved him. people think they have to go back to that old house to fix the problem. before that, they have to go to see the guy's father first. because that room was the room that he left his son. surely he would know something. then his father told him the story. long ago, his father also met lisa by the river. but the father doesn't care about lisa. lisa clung to the father to save him. his mother let lisa kill her. it seems that lisa has a special ability that made his father cannot forget about lisa. and the guy's mother also found the comb in the water. after listening to this, the girl was still angry. she decided to join everyone to find lisa at the old house. they split up. the best friend and the sister jumped into the river looking for clues. the best friend found a tombstone underwater. around the tombstone, there are many young people locked by lisa there. the girl was drawn to the warehouse by some force. she saw the guy's mother performing an extremely miraculous ritual. they found that the problem was with the comb. maybe they just need to use the mother's ritual to pay back lisa. the guy was getting weaker and weaker. she lit the candle, cleaned the mirror and got undressed, put the comb in the water and began the ritual. soon lisa appeared. lisa flirts with the best friend. she kissed the best friend and then went to the warehouse. after lisa took the comb, lisa squeezed the girl's neck, drowning her in the water. [Music] do [Music] was with her forever. when the guy arrived, his best friend had already died. lisa even wanted to take the guy. luckily, the girl and the sister arrived just in time. they got out and drove off. but lisa still did not let go of them. she stopped the guy's car and poured water into the car. she wants to bring the girl and the sister away. the guy picks up the rock and smashes the door. he saves the girl and his sister. the girl doesn't understand why they have returned the comb to lisa, but she still won't let them go. the guy thinks for a moment and then says that maybe lisa doesn't want the comb. she wants his body. the guy decided to find lisa. the girl wanted to stop him, but she was beaten by the sister. after waking up, the girl found herself tied up in the basement. the sister was doing the ritual. she wants to sacrifice the girl to lisa in exchange for the guy. just when she was about to succeed, the guy's father appeared. it won't work, he said, before her mother voluntarily gave her life to get rid of lisa, only the voluntarily offered will work. lisa stood beside them. she jumped out and took the father away. the sister does not want her father to be taken away. she clutched lisa's hair and attacked her. the girl untied herself. she looked at the pile of hair and felt a little strange. perhaps that is the source of lisa's power. she used scissors to cut lisa's hair. this is very effective. lisa's power has significantly decreased. they discovered lisa's weakness. the girl grabbed the scissors and plunged into the water. soon after she rose from the water, she hugged the guy and asked, do you love me? the guy discovered something unusual. the girl would never ask him like that. he picked up the scissors and cut lisa's hair. lisa's magic power was completely lost. she returned to her original form. the guy jumped into the water. the girl was tortured a lot by lisa after a while, she regained consciousness. they started a happy and sweet life together 