cinema synopses. spoiler alert, two years after the Battle of New York, Steve Rogers works in Washington, DC for the espionage agency shield under director Nick Fury. while adjusting to contemporary society, Rogers and agent Natasha Romanov sent with shields counterterrorism strike team led by agent rumlow. target is a mobile satellite launch flash to free hostages aboard a shield vessel from Georgia. back hook and his mercenaries at the top of indication. mid-mission, Rogers Discovery's Romanoff has another agenda, to extract data from the ship's computers. for fury, you just jeopardized his whole operation. Rogers returns to the Triskelion shields headquarters to confront fury those hospitals, and is briefed about project insight. this is project insight 3 helicarrier's linked to spy satellites designed to preemptively eliminate threats. these new long-range precision gun unable to decrypt the data recovered by romanov, fury becomes suspicious about insight and asks senior shield official Alexander Pierce to delay the project. project insight has to be delayed. fine. on his way to rendezvous with Maria hill. fury is ambushed by assailant led by a mysterious assassin called the Winter Soldier. fury escapes to Rodgers his apartment and warns Rogers that shield is compromised. fury is gunned down by the Winter Soldier before handing Rodgers a flash drive containing data from the ship. [Music]. fury is pronounced dead during surgery, and Hill recovers the body the next day. Pierce summons Rogers to the Triskelion. yeah, I want you back at you. when Rogers withholds Fury's information, Pierce brands him a fugitive. why was he there? he told me not to trust anyone. hunted by strike. Rogers meets with Romanoff. I know who killed furious. the ones that do call him the Winter Soldier. like you said, he's a ghost story. using data in the flash drive, they discover a secret shield bunker in New Jersey while posing as an engaged couple at an Apple store. we're getting married. New Jersey, where they activate a supercomputer containing the preserved consciousness of aliens Ola. Zola reveals that ever since shield was founded after World War two, Hydra has secretly operated within its ranks, sewing global chaos with the objective of making humanity willing to surrender its freedom in exchange for security. the pair narrowly escaped death when a shield missile destroys the bunker. and realized that Pierce is hydras leader within shield. Rogers and Romanov enlists the help of former United States Air Force pararescueman Sam Wilson. I'm sorry about this. we need a place to lay low, whom Rogers befriended, and acquire his powered Falcon wing pack, deducing that SHIELD agent. Jasper Sitwell, is a Hydra mole. tell me about Zola's algorithm anyway. did you throw me off the roof because it's really not your style. they force him to divulge that Zola developed a data mining algorithm that can identify individuals who might become future threats to hydras plans. how could it not? how could it not? the insight helicarriers will sweep the globe using satellite guided guns to eliminate these individuals. then the insight helicarriers scratched people off the list. Rogers, Romanov and Wilson are ambushed by the Winter Soldier, who kills Sitwell. during the fight, rogers recognizes the Winter Soldier as Bucky Barnes, his friend who is captured and experimented upon during World War two. pills manages to extract the trio to a safe house where fury, who had faked his death, is waiting with plans to sabotage the helicarrier's are replacing their controller chips. shield Hydra. it all goes look like you giving the orders now, captain. after the world security council members arrive for the helicarriers launch, the world should be Rogers broadcast hydras plot to everyone at the Triskelion. attention all shield agents. this is Steve Rogers. I think it's time you know the truth shield. it's been taken over by Hydra. Romanoff, disguised as one of the council members, disarms Pierce. did I step on your moment? fury arrives and forces Pierce to unlock shields database so that Romanov can leak classified information, exposing Hydra to the public. following a struggle, fury kills Pierce. that was a time I would have taken a bullet for you. you already did. meanwhile, Rogers and Wilson stormed to helicarriers and replaced the controller chips. but the Winter Soldier destroys Wilson's suit and fights Rogers on the third time. please don't make me do this. Rogers fend him off and replaces the final chip, where are the targets, allowing he'll take control and have the vessels destroy each other. Rogers refuses to fight the Winter Soldier in an attempt to reach his friend. my friend. my mission. but as the ship collides with the Triskelion, Rogers is thrown out into the Potomac River. the Winter Soldier rescues the unconscious Rogers before disappearing into the woods with shield and disarray. Romanov appears before a Senate subcommittee. you're not gonna put any of us in a prison because you need us. and fury, under the cover of his apparent death, heads to Eastern Europe in pursuit of hydras remaining cells. Roger and Wilson decide to find the Winter Soldier. you're going after him. while rumlow, who was a double agent for Hydra, is hospitalized during the triskelions destruction. in a mid credit scene, Baron Wolfgang von Strucker at a Hydra lab proclaims that the stage miracles as scientists examine an energy filled scepter and to test subjects, one with superhuman speed, the other with telekinetic powers. in a post-credits scene, the Winter Soldier visits a Bucky Memorial at the Smithsonian Institution. keep watching for some fun Easter eggs and trivia from Captain America the Winter Soldier. when the helicarriers are looking for their targets, on one of the monitors, there is a wireframe model of the former stark tower in New York City, now sporting the Avengers sign. in the same image is a mugshot of Tony Stark on the right hand side. as a Hydra target. see where to parachute? no, it was the scene where Captain America jumps out of a plane without bothering to use a parachute. is an homage to a similar scene from the first issue of The Ultimates comic. Jasper Sitwell mentioned some high-risk targets that Hydra is keeping tabs on. among these are Bruce Banner, the Hulk, dr. Stephen strange and a man in Cairo. the latter is most likely marc spector. the Moon Knight, an Avengers team member who hasn't made it into the movies yet. the freighter Batak hijacks in the beginning is named the Lemurian star. this is a reference to Lemuria, the sunken continent that was home of the deviants, a race of superhumans created by Jack Kirby. in dr. Zola's lair, Black Widow says, this was a line taken from wargames in 1983, which was a movie about war simulation programs run by a National Defense computer, which almost triggers a nuclear war. Stan Lee makes his usual cameo as a security guard at the Smithsonian who notices the original Captain America costume is missing, and says, I Nick Fury's grave bears the epitaph the path of the righteous man. Ezekiel 25:17. this is a favorite line of Jule's win a field, played by samuel l.jackson in the cult classic movie Pulp Fiction in 1994, at the end of the movie, Brock rumlow can be seen burned, but alive, being healed by some doctors while he is moved in an ambulance. in the comics, crossbones rumlow, supervillain moniker, had his face severely burned, necessitating that he wear a mask. the Winter Soldier is able to match Captain America, move by move, even to the point of catching Rogers as shield. this foreshadows Barnes taking over as Captain America, which happened in the comics. Baron von Strucker experiments on twins with superpowers. in the comics, Strucker actually subjected his own twins, Andrea and andreas, to a treatment which gave them superpowers. [Music], you 