cinema synopses, spoiler alert. in present-day Paris, Diana Prince receives a photographic plate of herself and four men taken during World War one, prompting her to recall her past. daughter of Queen Hippolyta, I sculpted you from clay and begs used to give you life. diana was raised on the hidden island of Themyscira, home to the Amazonian warrior woman, created by Zeus to protect mankind. Hippolyta shares the Amazonian history with Diana people, and including how Ares, Zeus's son, became jealous of humanity and orchestrated its destruction. this was Ares, the God of War. Zeus created the Amazons to restore peace. the gods created us the Amazons. when the other gods attempted to stop him, Ares killed all but Zeus, who wounded Ares and forced his retreat. Zeus used the last of his power to stop Ares. Zeus left the Amazons the island and a weapon, one powerful enough to kill a god, the god killer, to prepare them for Ares is returned, and all has been quiet ever since. initially forbidding Diana to train as a warrior, but this is the only way to truly protect her, Hippolyta allows her sister, auntie Opie, to train Diana, but only if the training is more rigorous than that of any other warrior. you will train her harder than any Amazon before. even in 1918, Diana, now a young woman, rescues American pilot Captain Steve Trevor when his plane crashes off the famous yura coast. the island is soon invaded by a German Cruiser pursuing Trevor, the Amazons killed a crew, but auntie Opie's sacrifices herself to save Diana. Steve isn't arrogated with the lasso of Hestia. the last shoe of Hestia compels you to reveal the truth and reveals that a war is consuming the outside world. if the Germans had the Turks building bombs, new weapons, secret weapons, and that he is an allied spy. he has stolen a notebook of the Spanish chief chemist, Ludendorff's chief psychopath, dr. Isabel morrow, who is attempting to engineer a deadlier form of mustard gas under the orders of general Erich Ludendorff. the boys and the trenches called her doctor poison them, believing Aires is responsible for the war. only Aires could do such a thing. diana is frustrated with her mother not allowing her to leave, even though it is our sacred duty to defend the world. Diana armed herself with the god-killer sword, the lasso, and her armor before leaving. famous Sarah with Steve to find and destroy Aires. I will show you the way off the island, and you will take me to Aris deal in London, they deliver maru's notebook to the supreme war council. we gotta get this notebook to my superiors, where Sir Patrick Morgan is trying to negotiate an armistice with Germany at because diana translates maru's notes and reveals that the germans plan to release the deadly gas at the war front. it's a formula for a new condom. yeah. although forbidden by his commanders to act, captain, you will do nothing. Steve, with secret funding from Sir Patrick, recruit spy Samir, marksman Charlie and smuggler chief to help prevent the gas from being released. when the team reaches the Western Front in Belgium, they are halted by the enemy lines. we can't save everyone in this war. Diana goes alone through no-man's land and captures the enemy trench, allowing the Allied forces to help her liberate the village of bed. [Music]. the team briefly celebrates, you did this, maybe. while Diana and Steve grow closer romantically. the team learns a gala will be held at the nearby German High Command. you cannot go into German High Command in 21 Steve and Diana each infiltrate the party, with Steve intending to locate the gas and destroy it. she will show me what you're working on, while Diana intends to kill Ludendorff, believing that he is Ares and thus killing him will end the war. laws are called, are called the requires human sacrifice. Steve stops her to avoid jeopardizing the mission, and Ludendorff unleashes the gas, unveiled, killing its inhabitants. weirdy fire, yes. blaming Steve for intervening for you. Diana pursues Ludendorff to a base where the gas is being loaded into a bomber aircraft bound for London. Diana fights and kills Ludendorff, but is confused when his death does not stop the war, Sir Patrick appears and reveals himself as Ares right. he tells Diana that although he is subtly given humans ideas and inspirations, using Ludendorff and Maru as pawns in the process, it is ultimately their decision to cause violence, as they are inherently corrupt. when Diana attempts to kill Ares with the god-killer sword, he destroys it, then reveals Diana to be the god killer, as the daughter of Zeus and Hippolyta. and his not know God you are. he fails to persuade Diana to help him destroy mankind to restore paradise on earth. while the two battle time, the dog who knew all the others on Steve's team destroy maru's laboratory. Steve pilots the bomber carrying the gas to a safe altitude and detonates it, sacrificing himself in the process. Ares attempts to direct Diana's rage and grief at Steve's death by convincing her to kill Amaru. but memories of her experience with Steve caused her to realize that humans have good within them. I could save today you could save the world. she spares Martin, can I believe he loves and redirects Aries is lightning into him, killing him. later, the team celebrates the end of the war. in the present day, Dianna sends an email to Bruce Wayne, also known as Batman, thanking him for the photographic plate of her and Steve and reaffirms her new mission to protect and give love to the world. this is my mission now forever. keep watching for some fun Easter eggs and trivia from Wonder Woman. in this film, Wonder Woman's tiara is an heirloom from an t.o.p. in both the comics and television series, it can be used as a weapon. Diana's scenes in London are a homage to the Superman movie made in 1978, where Superman encounters urban life for the first time. the protagonist gets the disguise of a formal bespectacled attire, stops a mugging attack and has some trouble with a revolving door. in the comics, Wonder Woman got the alias Diana Prince during World War Two from a US. Army nurse who was very similar in appearance to her, and from whom she bought her credentials and named. in this movie, while she is posing as Steve Trevor secretary, he interrupts her introduction of Diana, Princess of women, Andrey Kristen's her as Prince Diana, Prince Steve Trevor sarcastically refers to Diana's Island home of the Miss Sarah, as this was the original name for the island in the 1940's comics and the Wonder Woman movie from 1975. in the 1980s, the island received a formal Greek name, the Messiah. in George Perez's stories, featuring an updated and revamped Wonder Woman, no one addresses Diana as Wonder Woman throughout this entire film. some scenes in the movie give hints as to Diana's secret heritage, namely the fact that she is the daughter of Zeus. at the tower containing the god-killer, a bull appears on the cliff behind Diana. in Greek mythology, Zeus often takes the form of a bull, the God of War. Ares his desire is to kill everyone. in the comics, he stopped this plan because Wonder Woman pointed out it would destroy him. no more people to make war meant no more war and no more Ares. in the film, he is a more spiteful character, an envious of humanity, and he has a future beyond the destruction. some of the Amazons have flesh colored cloth over one side of their chest, almost seeming like one breast was uncovered or non-existent. this may be a reference to the fact that Amazon's are often depicted in art as having one breasts exposed. ancient sources even state that Amazon's cut or burned off their breasts on their dominant side so that it wouldn't interfere with combat, especially with a bow. some ancient sources suggest that this is the source of their name. amazos, in greek, means without breasts. [Music], you 