welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 11, episode 4. and remember, the best way to watch these new episodes of the walking dead is on amc plus. click the link in the description to start your free trial now and join in for this epic final season. back during the reaper attack, daryl was separated from the rest of the group. now, he followed daryl through the dark as he's trying to avoid him. but oh, these reapers are so sneaky. they have a big fight. luckily, daryl's got some backup. it's dog here to save the day. yeah. but as daryl escapes, he and dog gets separated too. in the morning, daryl finds dog with a reaper. and turns out this reaper is leia. yeah. if you remember, leia was from one of the season 10 bonus episodes that showed daryl's backstory. while he was hunting for rick grimes, she and daryl met, and these two kind of fell in love. and she was dog's original owner. daryl's like, hey girl, glad you're alive. um, i'll take dog and just be on my way. but she's like, sorry, boo, i'm taking you prisoner. they take him to the reaper compound, where lei is interrogating him, like, hey, where are your friends? but daryl doesn't want to give his friends up. he's sticking to the story, hey, i barely knew those guys. i'm on my own. she doesn't believe him, so they start waterboarding daryl. wow, daryl's a tough guy. no matter what they do, he's sticking to his story. now, long story short, most of this episode is just daryl sitting in a cell. soon though, leah gets the bad news that one of her brothers in arms was killed. oh, and they've got like, a priest chanting some incantation. so, yeah, these reapers are all about god, but in their own weird way. and now we meet the leader of the reapers. it's pope, who i can only assume went to his barber and said, give me the gandhi. nalia finally opens up to daryl, and she's like, hey, look, i'm sorry about all the waterboarding and stuff. i'm not a bad person. these reapers are my family. we were all in the army together before the fall, and then we became mercenaries. but look, daryl, if you don't give me something, pope's gonna kill ya. so daryl still sticks to a story. he barely knows these people, but he does tell him like, oh, i think that woman's the leader. and there's the tall, skinny one who's always wisecracking negan. so she goes to pope like, hey, daryl's good people. you should let him join us. and so now daryl's gonna get to meet pope, but instead they lock leia in there too. and, oh, gasoline under the door, lighted on fire. but daryl ain't scared of no fire. he's been through worse before. he springs into action and manages to get them out of there. and turns out this wasn't an execution. this was his test. pope's like, congrats, dude. you're in. so pope and daryl sit down for a drink, where he tells his whole backstory, which we already knew. they were in the army, then they became mercenaries, and when the zombie apocalypse started, they thought they were all gonna die in some church when everything was burning around them. but the church didn't burn down. they all came out unscathed. and so now pope is convinced that god saved them. they're the chosen ones. and so once again, we have a cult-like group that's led by an insane megalomaniac. why is it so hard to meet normal people in the zombie apocalypse? so now that daryl's one of them, they're having a nice barbecue to celebrate. pope is thinking this one guy for bringing their dead comrade all the way back to camp. but then he's like, hey, a question for you. why are your injuries on your back? we're the chosen ones. we're not afraid of death. we run into danger and we never turn our back on our brothers. and so to make a point, pope throws this guy in the fire and how holds him down there. this was maybe a poor tactical decision, because they already lost one guy and recruited one, so now they're still down one. and so for now, daryl is undercover with the reapers, reunited with his lost love, leah. and that's where episode 4 comes to an end. these new episodes are intense. you want to be watching them. and you know the best place to watch them is on amc plus. stream each new episode ad free from any device. and on amc plus only watch the episodes one week early, the sunday before. they've got a special deal right now. the annual plan is just 4.99 a month. so click that link in the description and sign up for amc plus now and join in for this epic final season, the beginning of the end of the walking dead. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 