[Music], this man is a voyeur. what i like most is peeking at neighbor beauty changing clothes. but every critical moment, the curtains are always drawn. but now he became a transparent person. what do you guess he will do? [Music], the neighbor's doorbell was rang frantically. beauty, after washing casually in a bathrobe, come to the cat's eyes, but found that there was no one outside the door. the beauty thought it was a prank. but when she was about to leave, the doorbell rang again. the beauty opened the door in doubt, the corridor is as empty as ever. what she didn't know was that man has sneaked into her room. the beauty starts to comb her hair as usual, but the mirror moved up suddenly, for no reason, she stood up frightened. suddenly, a force from behind directly teach her to push her down on the bed. only left in the room this foyer is actually a genius. his name is shao. this day, he alone broke through the last step in the experiment restore invisible animals. the teacher convenes a working group come to the laboratory. lying in the test is an invisible gorilla. they want this the invisible gorilla recovers. if it succeeds, this will be a miracle in the history of science. the debugged medicine was held by a colleague. but shaushay is accustomed to controlling the overall situation. he snatched the medicine from his colleague. this step must be done by his own hands. i saw the medicine instantly float into the aorta, follow the direction of x flow through the whole body adhesive. the heart begins to show. then there is the x tube of the whole body to the skeleton. everyone's nervous expressions slowly relax. but when they thought the experiment was successful, the heartbeat data of the gorilla rose sharply. [Music]. various data are also chaotic. tension in laboratory. again, a group of people hurriedly started to remedy. at last, orangutan back to normal. they succeeded. the next day. first day, xiaoshi leads the team to report to the leader. but he panicked, said that his experiment was unsuccessful, because once the truth is told, their laboratory will be taken over by the military. xiaoshui's ambition it's not just limited to animals. next step, he wants to make human body gold directly. and he is the little white mouse. hewa and art think he is crazy, but i don't know why. this crazy genius in front of me. back to base. they helped shaushay hide the truth. after dealing with everyone's objections, xiaoshi lay down on the experimental platform excitedly. this guy is on him. after injecting a blue potion, just watch his body slowly change. the skin begins to dissolve, rapid heartbeat. all indicators are beginning to rise. however, after a while, the man's heart rate gradually returned to normal. seeing that he has become a dense self, then disappeared completely. shaushay became, in the history of science, the first transparent person. but he was overstimulated, passed out. in case of accident, the members of the group decided to take turns to watch the night. ahua is explaining the geometry to shali. leave first. shali is the only one left in the lab. she turns on and the imager observing the situation of chaoshay, after seeing nothing unusual, lying on the stool, sleep in a daze. soon the iron door of the laboratory was pushed open. the animals have noticed the abnormality. xiaoshi came to the control room. shang shaoli called shali softly, after seeing her unresponsive, step forward, fiddle with her hair gently. subsequently, the technique is getting bolder and bolder, he unbuttoned a button down. at this moment, shelley wakes up. suddenly, i found my close button open. she realized something was wrong, calling xiaoshui's name, but no one responded. she looks at the thermal image, back to the picture, i found that chaoshay disappeared. when she looks back again, picture h then lay back on the bed. first the next day, shall we will this situation. told a colleague, when art came up, to ask the teacher, but he said he was just went for a cup of coffee. since there is really no evidence, everyone can only do what they want. but the more i didn't make an appointment, schauschwiz behaved more and more arrogant. when my colleague, hey, was in the bathroom, i always feel a noise afterwards. not only that, the urinal on the side flushed by itself. sister hey hurriedly brought thermal imaging glasses, but found nothing. awa is doing the experiment. the cola around you automatically changes position. even fairy, the clothes fall off by themselves. she knew it was shouschwi's prank, but in order not to stimulate chaoshui's brain, awad didn't choose to be angry, but turn around and leave. at last, the experiment progressed to the last day. team members get ready inject the recovery medicine into xiaoshui's body. but, but there was an accident. xiaoshui's body keeps twitching. no matter how you rescue it, it won't help. soon, meeting xiaoshe is back again the original transparent form. in order to see the small whereabouts of the rule, they made a mold for shao, at least for now, he has a human face as the object of observation. the shaushay activity area is limited to the laboratory. after a long period of radiation treatment and testing, he became violent and irritable. at night. the handsome guy who can't stand the torture, decided to go out for shopping. he disregarded his colleagues block got on the elevator without hesitation. shaushay driving a car. i feel like i'm back to the pinnacle of my life. come to the traffic light, two bear kids pointed at him. shaushui's polite response. back home, chowshay saw the neighbor beauty, who often peaked. he is full of evil thoughts in his heart. no one can see it, anyway, xiaoshi rang the neighbor's doorbell, taking advantage of the gap. when the beauty opens the door, walked into the room. after the beauty turned and walked into the bedroom, chaoshay suddenly launched an attack from behind. after venting my lust, xiaosha walked to the window, seeing awa actually appeared in her room. he knows it's a big deal. xiaoshi returned to the building, hide in the corner and observe in secret until awa is gone. he washed his face unhurriedly. subsequently, carrying a bag, came to the laboratory with a relaxed look. but ahua feels that if she continues to hide her virtue, it will be dangerous. she decided to report to the leader, shaushe back to the laboratory, become more irritable. the barking of an invisible dog outside the door make him feel worse. chaoshay walks straight to the dog. just watch him open the iron cage, pick up the dog gently. subsequently, [Applause]. little teacher has gradually disliked control. wait the next day, when shelley came to feed the dog, seen through thermal imaging, the dog is dead. she angrily questioned, why did shaushay do this? but xiaosha never admits that he belongs to him. helpless, shali can only take these things. tell a colleague. awa. at this time time can't stand it anymore. she called the leader, but found them all telephone lines have been cut off. ahua and art want to go out to find the guard, but their door has failed. it's shao who wants us population. it's a little teacher who wants us to kill him. the two hurried back to the control center. after telling the situation to my colleagues, they decided to take chauchet with their hands. someone wears thermal imaging glasses. sister hay is alone in the end. just wait for the moment. she just put on her glasses. the rest came to the experiment platform. found that chaoshay has disappeared. at this time, voice from the radio. the wind feels like shao. he is god. can dominate everything. wait until the sound is over, they found out that sister haye was gone. awa has a bad feeling in her heart. in a huddle, celie, they found sister hayes street. a group of people. feel unbelievable, but something has happened. letter and telegraph absolutely can't just wait and die. alling sensors lay swap space. in the map, xiaoshui's position is displayed. two people bring good equipment. awa takes a walkie talkie to report. but when the two are about to pick up shaushe, he disappeared from the map. two people at the scene. i didn't see the little teacher because it's too nervous. they also put the exhaust pipe by mistake. just when the two of them relaxed their vigilance, my colleague, xiaopong, was suddenly dragged into the air. the crafty little teacher climbed onto the pipe. our cue shot art hurriedly started. anesthesia. cue shots. hot air is ejected from the pipe, straight into the face of the teacher. straight into xiaoshui's cheek. he just threw xiaopang aside. look at the chubby who is full of x. art was full of anger. number of shots at the pipe, queue, pipe falling down. but the crisis has not been resolved. shaushay forced art to the corner. at this time, his bullets are also out. art picked up the fire extinguisher on the side, spray dry powder to observe the whereabouts of the little teacher. and shaushay doesn't seem to be in a hurry to solve him. began to continue to carry on. art picked up the fire extinguisher and smashed it. but he was avoided by the handsome, young handsome. just when art was knocked down, awa arrived in time drag him into the laboratory. but the other two are not so lucky. when charlie took the x paste and was about to go out, push to the ground by shaushay. solve it easily. curly was also attacked by shaushay. shawn got a box lunch arder, chased out the same, stabbed by the teacher. he will be the two of art, locked in the freezer. go away. come to the control center. made a time bomb, other keys. he wants to destroy all data. but he ignored the desperate situation. women's explosive potential. a y uses her own knowledge, made a sucker device. after opening the iron door, she is holding a flamethrower. i arrived at the little teacher, who was going to leave. almost s shaushui's clothes are destroyed. body state go incognito again. witty flower, pick up the flame thrower and burn it. to the sprinkler. pick up to the wine spout. washed by the rain. shaoxi's figure appeared. but the small ahua there is the opponent of the junior teacher. soon she was pressed to the ground. just when ahua is resting fast, art appeared behind him with an iron rod. he sat down. chauchet, bring awa to the elevator duct. they are going to climb the stairs, brother, to escape from this place at this time. cd, explosion. the impact force directly lifted the elevator up. the two were lying on the wall. but i didn't wait for the two to get ready. the elevator landed again. the elevator cable saved them. the two escaped, but the little teacher is forever buried in the flames. the story ends here. if you lose the moral bondage, how will you make sure that you don't become a demon. 