imagine waking up finding guns bolted to your hands and being forced to fight for your life. meet miles. wait a second. anyway, he's a bit of a nobody, and like the rest of us, wanted to be here when he grew up. well, actually, these days i think most kids want to grow up to be tick-tockers. terrifying. also, like the rest of us, he spends most of his time hopping between the same three apps. what are your favorites? i like discord, reddit and youtube. mouse has the prestigious job of mobile game developer. that's right. his life's purpose is to help a company funnel money out of parents pockets. though even when he's working, he's goofing off online. his favorite pastime is trolling. he's that guy in the comments riling people up. don't be that guy. suddenly, miles gets shot in the face. his co-worker hadley, has good intentions. he was just trying to warn miles. at his boss, xander, was looming behind him. due to being startled, he accidentally likes his ex's selfie on instagram. her name's nova, by the way. xander regretfully informs miles that he's being let go damn. what a jerk. later on, and at his apartment, miles stumbles upon schism, the latest viral sensation to hit the web. what is schism, you ask? well, it's basically a live-action call of duty death match. criminals and oddballs are recruited and pitted against each other. their battles take place across the city and are televised via drones and hijacked cameras. miles joins one of the live streams and starts tippy-tapping away at his keyboard. his efforts do not go unanswered, and he's quickly inundated by loving and supporting comments from the schism community. it's not long before he gets the attention of the admin. as we'll soon learn, he's not the kind of guy you want to provoke. he gets miles as ip. and my boy is shook. he closes the laptop and tosses it away. but his panic is quickly dispelled after receiving a text from his ex nova. she noticed he was snooping on her insta. but he takes advantage of the moment and invites her to meet up at the park. to his pleasant surprise, she accepts. we cut to them at the park where nova, a comic book author, draws a temporary tattoo of one of her characters onto his arm. then she moves in for a kiss. miles is rudely awakened from his dream, but the kind visitors quickly put him back to sleep. later, miles fades in and out of consciousness as the schism squad operates on him. he awakens the next morning back in his room. perhaps that too was a dream. never mind. they turned my minds into edward gunhands. malls gets attacks officially welcoming him into schism. oh, and he gets his first opponent, nix. meet nix. she's cute, kicks ass and balls and likes to eat salt through her nose. whatever. teach his own i guess. by the way, this was one of the coolest action scenes i've seen in a while. she claims another victory, continuing to dominate the leaderboards. we learned from a news broadcast that she was found criminally insane at the age of 13 and recently escaped from a high security prison prior to joining schism. nix is informed of her new opponent, miles, excuse them, promises that this is her last one. if she succeeds, they'll totally wipe her criminal record. nix proceeds to donna disguise. hey, that looks familiar with their stealthy new look. nick's heads into a police station and remotely installs a tracker on mauls's phone. meanwhile, miles struggles too p it's hard enough as it is to keep your stream steady, but when you have guns for hands, it ups the stakes a bit. he's still got that day with nova, so he gets stressed as best as he can, hashtag, outfit of the day. all right, let's go. attaboy. oh jeez, there's nix. so cute, but so, so terrifying. she blasts her way into the apartment and makes note of his figurine collection. nice, fat case. with his life on the line, miles makes one final request, shoot around the really rare stuff. then he manages to pull together a distraction and jumps out the window. he then slides down the stairs and sticks the landing. all the meanwhile, over 300 000 people are already tuned in. miles flees and runs into some police officers, explaining this is going to be tricky. things quickly escalate, and he has no choice but to run. the cops make chase, and one of them corners him before blasting him with a taser. unfortunately for the cop, this causes miles to involuntarily shoot him. he apologizes profusely before dashing out. nix is still hot on his trail. finally, we're at the park. miles quickly spots nova, but she's already on her way out. no worries. he'll just hop right in. he commands her to drive off. but as she doesn't know what's up, she's just like, take a chill pill, my dude. kinda hard to do when nix was pulling up with the bazooka, but okay, i'll try my best. he composes himself, and the parent drives off to the dismay of richter, the head of schism. nix turns the bazooka onto the drone. after driving off, mauls reveals the severity of his situation to nova. she responds about as well as you'd expect. he runs off again before finding refuge in a closeman. we cut to richter and get a little taste of what kind of man he is when he harnesses his inner 50 shades of grey against an employee. back to miles, he slumps out the bin and now has a not so fresh pair of jeans after failing to put them on. he briefly contemplates meeting god, but a funny hobo implores him to reconsider. you see, the angle's all wrong. if he shoots himself like that, then he's just going to blow his face off and be even more sad. meanwhile, nova seeks the aid of the police, one of them, stanton, can't help but laugh as he watches the schism broadcast. kind of sus anyway, they promise to do their best, but after she walks out, detective degraves decides they ought to hack her phone. he's hell-bent on capturing nicks, and this just might be the way to do it. we then see him consult an evidence board where we see pictures of a family, a car accident and knicks. this too, is us back to miles. we see that the hobo, whose name glenjamin, has graciously helped him with his pants problem, and then even offered him a hot dog, though miles is vegetarian. in response, glenjamin passes on some words of wisdom. and it's one thing to say you can't face violence, but when it faces you, you better be ready. i like that. balls channels his inner animal and goes to town. after that delicious eight month old meal, he thanks glenjamin, who then offers him a little dessert. wanna smoke some crank? no, no, i don't. afterwards, he heads to his office and greets hadley. realizing he's likely being tracked while seeks his assistance. now, if you could just slip your hands down my pocket and retrieve my phone, that'd be great. yeah, hadley isn't game for that. stick your fingers in there. come on. oh, now it's a party. upon scanning the phone, hadley finds a gps tracker, installs an app that will allow miles to toggle the tracker on and off. that should come in handy. suddenly, boss man xander pulls up. he digs into his case and again threatens to fire him. miles storms off, but xander isn't lighting up. finally, miles realizes he's a man and takes control of the situation. sanders reduced to whimpering. beta, male league of legends player, it's just a joke. miles apologizes, and relief watches over xander's face, before xander's brains wash over his she's back. moss takes cover and asks hadley to cover him as he runs off. the everloyal hadley commits what can only be described as a war crime. mistakes were made. this buys miles enough time to hijack a car, but nix is hot on his trail. a high speed chase ensues. while hadley enjoys the show during a bathroom break, nyx catches up and somehow ends up on top of his car. this looks awfully dangerous. i hope they don't crash. somehow they survived this, and apparently nyx is a terminator also. someone busts into hadley's stall and grabs him mid poop, i presume. the chase continues on foot, and miles heads into an abandoned building. he pops some pitiful shots off at nix, prompting her to give him some tips on how to hold the gun. he returns the favor by shooting her, this time successfully. some more running takes place while the pair trade shots. he manages to flank her, then fires out a machine, causing it to blow up. nix cowers in fear as she relieves a traumatic event from her childhood. mal spares her life and again, runs off. he tries to hitch a ride, but waving around his gun kind of just scares people off, whatever their loss. he whips out his phone and calls nova. she picks up, and he finally gets a chance to explain to her that the guns are bolted onto him. oh, okay, so you're not crazy. suddenly, nova is attacked, and it's none other than richter. he tells him he's got five hours to kill nick's or else. miles heads to a junkyard and turns his gps tracker back on. he calls the cops and tells them that nicks will be at his location within 10 minutes. while he waits, he runs into a couple gangs doing business. understandably, they're a bit sketched out about his guts, and things quickly escalate. as things are about to get deadly for miles, nyx pulls up with a freaking minigun and makes things deadly for everybody. miles gets away and even pulls off his first kill. then a swat team pulls up on him. he's detained, and the two cops from earlier decide that a hospital visit can wait. they still need him to catch nicks, after all. detective degraves reveals to miles that 16 years ago, he captured richter, though he quickly got out on bail and tracked down his family. while his wife and son perished, he managed to save his daughter, nix. whoa, i didn't see that coming. meanwhile, nobody tries to intimidate richter by mentioning the cops. but he counters, who do you think owns the cops? back in the car, stanton has driven the trio to a remote location. the graves questions him, but he's quick to respond. miles is dragged out of the car, but his life is spared. instead, he's forced to watch a video that richter recorded reprimanding him for going to the cops. no, he gives miles another chance. he now has just 30 minutes to kill nicks, or richter is going to tear nova apart. stanson leaves, and miles takes note of the detective's bulletproof vest. that did not help much. he then heads to a gaming cafe and has a girl help him get into nova's account so he can find her phone. wait, i know you you're the guns of kimbo guy. turns out moz has gone viral, but he ain't about that life. he heads out in search of nova, and finds her along with the schism squad. oh no. oh, just hadley. okay. miles hatch is a final plan and flips his gps tracker back on. he waits nix, and then offers a truce. you win. no. all the viewers rejoice as miles finally gets iced, though some are sad. they've grown to like her quirky protagonist. nova cries, and rick just sends out a cleanup squad. while miles body is recovered, we notice his eyes just barely twitch. he's alive. he's transported to the schism hideout and warmly greets his captors. he then runs into knicks, and turns out this was the plan. we revined back to find out what went down. miles ended up heading back to where her father died and revealed to her that he knew what happened to her family. that's right, nix, it was richter all along. he recruited her into schism after she broke out of prison because he was afraid of her. he knew she wanted revenge, and it was only a matter of time before she learned who was behind the attack. miles also breaks the grim news, her dad is dead, and it too was due to richter. after that, she needed no more convincing. nick's helped miles put on her father's bulletproof vest, and the rest is history, or, yes, the future. back to the present, miles and knicks take their gamer fuel and storm in. a 360 bullet storm commences as they lay waste to all the henchmen. and, yes, the viewers are still tuned in. richter is in shambles, so he sends off his best henchmen, effie and dane. meanwhile, nick shoots these guys in their happy spots. the pair then find one of the henchmen on a computer, wiping away files. he has something deadly in store for them, a spork. upon inspecting the computer, we find that schism has plans to go worldwide. miles then stares down one of the cameras and speaks directly to the millions watching. you guys are sick, degenerate losers. the audience laughs at him. who the hell is this guy? then we see that even glenjamin is watching. more volumes. oh, glenjamin. effie arrives on the scene, and nix compliments her guns, then she starts blasting. the pair gets split up when miles is blasted in the chest and nyx has kicked down a flight of stairs by name. their battle quickly turns gruesome, and nicks loses her favorite fingers, if you know what i mean. dane proceeds to beat her to a point with a stop hammer time. at the same time, miles is trapped by effie, though he manages to slip in a sneaky headshot back to knicks. luck strikes when a baggy of her gamer fuel falls out. she eats it with her nose and levels up. now dana's no match for her. nyx his chakras, then busts his balls. fine, i'll just blow the both of us up. damn of all the times to stop working. suddenly, miles arrives to rescue nyx. fortunately, they survive and continue onwards. meanwhile, victor is making his way to the rooftop with nova to escape via helicopter. quick on her feet, nova scribbles the word roof onto the wall, while richter fires another one of his employees. back to our dynamic duo, miles and nyx have perhaps bit it off more than they can chew. with the odds against them, nyx decides to make the ultimate sacrifice, kill richter for me, will ya? she goes on a death defying, guns blazing run before blowing herself up. he will be missed, gamer girl. miles finds nova's markings and makes it to the roof. millions watch with baited breath as their now beloved protagonist has beaten the odds and finally faces the final boss. okay, bit of a rough start, but i've always loved a comeback story. miles rises and plods forward, needing shot after shot from richter. i guess he turned god mode on. nova comes through with an assist, and miles pistol whips the snot out of richter. he throws him over the ledge, but he hangs on before delivering the final blow. moles gives him a going away present that spells the end for our centric villain. the audience celebrates, and miles bleeds out, while a terrified nova scurries away. as the film concludes, we see that miles has taken on nix's role of killer badass. now that schism is spreading. he's got a lot of work to do. 