yeah. this is recap rapping. Tommy, get Lanie and ourselves. ik with lego movie. here we go. thank you. break. use every piece. build your own. celebrities, Harold Freeman. Arnett, decent Bank, free day upper man and even price. and it come is break. wanting to breed without its list. but that's just life in the city. a break for a bowls crowd. and don't be a hipster, poor emanate venture stars for the launch unspecified lego park, prophesied by the troubie is to be the key to choose. what is stuff to do without a clue. and pilot. Capra, Chris, glue the pause. the business copies. bad guy, big right here, in a suit with the red tie, right? that would even corporation. the TV station. all tarnation. familiar. go war. he went through expensive Lego said, the Old West courtrooms in a world that I think your roles on shrooms. but it's full of harmony for a bunch of intellectual properties, historical man like, oh sheesh, at thematic the president Cat Club. Batman steals the show and a hyperdrive from local Han Solo nerds squeal when he got the wheel of a batwing. nothing comes of that field. just what about a job creation submarine? suspecious, I hope. so. without a doubt, those pesky some type of couch, literally the dumbest thing I've ever heard. that idea is just the worst. whatever. Lego Freeman [Music] - cool. angles Alderaan, keep both your hands of God tons. of course you're killing. freeze there all police brutality, incarceration, intent to torture, decapitation. it Olaf. are our companies getting my calls through Oswald? could that be off? but it's part of our universe. but Father's plan, that is something worse. an angry dad glues all the pieces back together till he sees his son new, unique creations that use the senses inspiration, imagination. that deserves a hug. the declaration of a Father's love. he bought and build it's totally rad. it looks like fun. but now I'm sad. I'm gonna call a dead that was the lego movie. y'all. this recap crap. leave a comment to let us know what you want to see next, and somebody can kiss you cry. Bob, what's up, guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, while I check out either the other to talk. video. be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest works on Tizen, coming out to every Tuesday and Thursday. alright, I'm gonna go get out all my old Lego. fits now and passing the shear sense of wonder and innocence being a child. what's go down? 