Is it the cherry blossoms without the slack of Matsubo? Since it is a corps or a sculpture corps black, I will propose from Elvin Smith, the leader of the 13 investigation corps after leaving as much information as possible.  Defeated by Captain Levi On top of that, the loan for the damage investigation is data. The current people are the investigation corps special creation group Petral Orobozad. I was killed even if I wanted to welcome the giant . It seems that two of them were killed at the same time before dawn . When I noticed, it was far away with three-dimensional maneuvering. Ask yourself if you can devote your heart to humanity Welcome what is here as a new investigative corps Dedicate your heart May issue lb Smith's investigative corps is the secret of the giant [Applause] [Music] On the other hand, advanced 2 Show your achievements, and the support of the Labor car defense version is up to the city center. I want a super-large event car tan I don't want to run a horse anyway, I can't live in a hedging company Well  It's impossible to stop the guy I'm distracted by the aluminum Ah ah ah ah def [Music] So I'll leave this guy If it's not a cannibal, I won't chase us Hits I'll tell you backwards Invade the guards of the escort clan. Our left and right ends are blocked by the guards and we have no choice but to go around it.  I've run out I can choose as much as I can. Do you believe in yourself? I believe in the investigative corps organization, so maybe self-injury isn't the only trigger, and there's no purpose.  Maybe it \xe2\x80\x99s me. Believe us. There \xe2\x80\x99s one reason why you ca n\xe2\x80\x99t trust this giant at once. Ability to follow with quality skin assuming that the Information Center came in when the Giants were destroyed [Music] amaran No way , if you don't feed the giant yourself and increase the information The one who was in the female type, now we're wearing what kind of child uniform me I was watching the giantization of the spirits in the place where we were mixed in with the soldiers Ellen, who kills the female giant with Tachisan's technique, believes in the power of can as it is, and believes in the selection of a reliable companion .  I want to heal quickly [Music] Ah ah ah me Yeah yeah yeah yeah everyone died because I made a mistake yeah 4 t [music] Ellen is alive Ellen puts all hope for next season He's a forest  Yeah yeah yeah ana ana I'm alive I'm alive [music] I have 4 days I have 4 days Eh, the person in charge including the flight is called to Auto and at the same time Ellen's  It was decided to hand it over. Didn't you know? The giant kid and the main executives were summoned to Auto. The 5th layer itself is the work of the Constitutional Corps headquarters, so we miss the Annie spirit only while passing through this town. I wonder if you can cooperate with me. If you keep it like this, your clothes will be killed. After that, Kagemusha-chan should be bald. Hurry up- female giant I found a person who seems to be a female giant This time I definitely caught the goal I belong to the Constitutional Corps I just can't become a giant, but I'm still not hesitant to fight my brother tar Next, I'll help you 0 [Music] le I've been to Chan before I can't throw anything away I can't change anything I believe it's really for the sake of humanity lb Your execution is  Let's decide and protect with a legitimate judgment Ah ah funny car Yeah yeah yeah it's a straight line I'm looking at you ran Ibuki no ame ni me car Tired ano hito ni You're going to be resented . Only party member qualifications are on your side. What 's wrong? If I couldn't get any information from my brother as it was, if I had a target star in the middle, why didn't I ask for the cooperation of the Constitutional Corps because I had to do it only with something that could prove innocence. Compared to the time when I hadn't even imagined that 100 humans would become giants, it's a big spirit to detain one of the enemies . Now it's our turn to advance. Management of crawling on a brother who was housed deep underground [Music] 