today we will be taking a look at the movie hotel mumbai. this is a disturbing movie, so beware. also, i'm sorry if the names are pronounced wrong. but i hope you enjoy this movie. summary, the movie starts off with some of the terrorists on a boat, listening to a man on the phone, preparing them for what they are about to do. the terrorists arrive on shore, and we it is november 26th, 2008. they call taxis over and tell the driver the location they want to go to. we see our june here is preparing himself and getting ready to leave for work. when he leaves, he drops his shoe on the ground, but doesn't notice it. he takes his baby and leaves it with his wife. he is running late for work, so he quickly leaves and makes his way to his job at the taj mahal hotel. we see the staff is making sure every detail is perfect. in the car, zara david, the nanny and their child, are heading to the hotel where they are staying. they arrive at the hotel and are greeted. while entering, they are taken to their room and are excited to see how nice it is. the terrorists arrive at the train station for their first attack. two of them go into the bathroom and prepare their weapons. they leave the bathroom and shoot at anyone they see in the train station. in the hotel, the head chef is checking some of the staff to make sure they are clean and prepared. a few seconds later, arjun arrives late and with no shoes. the head chef notices this and tells him to leave. arjun begs him to let him work, and the chef agrees, but only if he gets shoes. he is able to get an extra pair of shoes to wear, but they are small on him. he is forced to deal with the shoes because he needs to work and support his family. on the news, we see the carnage left behind from the terrorists at the train station. in the kitchen, the chefs are preparing the meals for the guests in their hotel. and the head chef calls everyone around to tell them about their important guests. he says there is another important guest, and his name is vizilai. we also see that zara and david have decided to eat at the hotel's restaurant. one of the hotel workers is in the street. when he gets into an argument with a taxi driver, two of the terrorists step out of the car, and the worker tells them to keep walking. two foreigners are in a restaurant, and a grenade is thrown and everyone gets down. two terrorists enter the restorant and start to kill everyone they see. everyone starts to run away from them, and they run to the taj hotel. in the hotel, the nanny is seen watching the child while zara and david are eating. people are gathered at the door, waiting to be led into the hotel for safety. one of the workers lets everyone in, including the terrorists. a few seconds later, the terrorists prepare their weapons and start to shoot anyone and everyone they see in the restorant. arjun tells everyone to get down. david takes the chance to call their nanny to tell her what's going on, but the nanny doesn't hear it because she is taking a shower. the terrorists enter the next phase and start making their way upstairs. the nanny then answers her phone, but before they tell her what's going on, she opens the door, but it turns out to be a bloody lady that runs into her bathroom. a few seconds later, she hears gunshots. so she quickly takes the child and hides in a closet. minutes later, two of them walk into the room in search for the old bloody lady. eventually they leave, and the nanny takes the crying baby to the shower so they won't hear them. she then calls dave. david says he will come to the room and help them. he leaves his wife behind and heads into the main lobby. he sees one of the terrorists, but he quickly makes it into the elevator. the elevator opens and two of the terrorists are about to get onto it. david hides behind trays of food, only feet away from the killers. they both walk off, and david takes the chance to close the elevator right before they shoot him. he makes it to his room and comforts the babysitter and his child. as you saw, a man jumped out of the building and broke his leg when he landed, only six police officers with weapons enter the hotel to help. at the time, mumbai didn't have many police officers, so they had to call special forces that were hours away. in the kitchen, the head chef tells the staff that they are going to help the guests at their hotel escape. he tells the workers that they can stay to help, or leave without shame. a few workers leave, but he takes the rest to save the guests at the hotel in the restorant. arjun tells zara and visilai that they are planning to move to the chamber lounge, where it is supposed to be safer. zara tells david this, and he says he will try to make it there. the babysitter is talking with her father, and she has to make up lies to make him feel better about her safety. arjun then takes the people that were in the restorant and starts to move them up the stairs to the chambers lounge. a few minutes later, the six police officers enter the hotel to help the staff and guests. arjun makes it to the chambers lounge, and the head chef quickly lets everyone in. the six officers are walking in the main lobby, and a few of the terrorists start shooting, which kills four of them. zara is on the phone and speaking in a foreign language. this lady hears this and starts to cause a scene and accuse zara of being one of the terrorists. vizilai hears the commotion and shuts the lady up real quick. at the front desk, the terrorists and making the staff call the rooms and tell them that the police are at their door. then when they open the door, expecting the police, it really turns out to be the terrorists. the head chef at the hotel hears knocking at the doors, and when he opens it, it's a staff member with a whole line of people and an extremely wooded person. arjun says he will try to escape and take the wounded girl to the hospital before she dies. david and the nanny decide to leave their room and make their way to the chambers lounge where zara is at and all the while, they desperately try to keep the baby quiet. arjuna is in the stairwell. when the two remaining cops see him and search him. they then hear gunshots and run up the stairs to the cctv room. one of the terrorists sees david and runs after him. the nanny and the child are able to hide in a closet before david is taken as a hostage, the nanny, tries to get out of the closet, but she realizes she is locked in, so she breaks down crying. arjuna and the cops make it to the cctv room, and they scout out the hotel. in the chambers lounge, they hear knocking on the door. the head chef thinks it's the police. and right before he opens the door to the terrorist, arjuna calls him and tells him it's not the police. the terrorist hears movement, so he unloads his ak on the door, and everyone moves into the kitchen. the two cops show up, shoot at the terrorists and land a shot on one of them, but they are no match for their a case, so they quickly escape the hotel. the injured terrorist is then put in charge to watch hostages, and we see it has been nine hours since the first attack. zara has had enough, so she decides to leave, but the head chef stops her before she can. eventually, he opens the doors and six of them leave the lounge. a few minutes later, zara and visilai are captured by the terrorists and taken to a room with other hostages, including david. we then see one of them light a part of the building on fire. they proceed to go back to the room and ask vizilite for his name. he doesn't understand, so they grab his passport and find out that he was an officer for the soviet special forces. another bomb goes off, and the hotel starts to fill with smoke. people are passing through the halls when one of them hears a baby crying. he goes to open the closet, and it's the nanny with the child who are finally let out. all the people are then led into the chambers lounge by the head chef. the injured terrorist is ordered to kill all the hostages. he starts to kill all of them, and even kills david wright in front of zara. she then starts to sing a prayer, which the terrorist understands. he thinks killing her would be a sin, so he spares her life and walks off. the terrorists break down the chamber lounge doors with a grenade, sending everyone in a hurry to escape out the back. chaos ensues. while everyone is running down the stairs to escape the shooters. arjun and others are able to escape outside, right as the special forces arrive. zara breaks the window and gets rescued. a few minutes later, as you saw, the final two shooters were finally killed. zara is able to find the nanny and hug her child, while arjun does the same to his wife and kid. the movie ends with the taj hotel restored to its full glory. let me know what you thought of this movie. if you enjoyed this, feel free to check out my other videos. and thank you all for watching. 