[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. Game of Thrones has just dropped its second episode, and it's pretty clear that after a slightly slower season premiere, all of the big pieces are finally falling into place. though this again, felt like a lot of self. it's intriguing to see all of the characters coming together, and I'm pretty stoked to see what will happen down the line. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about episode 2, as well as what it could lead to in episode 3. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen their latest release in the season yet and don't want to know what happens and then, I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I hope you enjoyed the video. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my ending explain breakdown of Game of Thrones, season 8, episode 2. okay, so just a quick recap on episode 1. the premiere of the season felt like a big highschool reunion, with a lot of the cast of characters meeting after many years apart, Cersei said something that will forever be quoted by teenage girls on Instagram. Sam divulge to Jon that Daenerys is an T which he insists his treason. and Brian had a week long staring contest with Jaime Lannister. episode 2 picks up immediately after this, with Jaime arriving at Winterfell like the new kid on campus. none of the characters have followed him for 7 seasons, so they kindly remember him as the bad guy from primary school that you've been trying to avoid your entire life. because he weds GG once. it's clear that he's had a change of heart, though. and early on, Jaime reminds us why we love him so much by telling everyone that this goes beyond loyalty and is about survival. Brienne vouches for him, and because Sansa vouches for Brienne, he's quickly accepted as the new hot guy in school that everyone wants to sit with. Jaime pretty much goes through the episodes setting things up for the future. and we get him venturing around the area, meeting the characters and trying to show that he's the MVP, if you like me, and thought that bran could be a bit mad at him for, well, of pushing him out of a window. you'll be pleased to know that there are no grudges held, because, one, Jaime is the new jock, and bran needs the cool points. and two, he has the ability to see time and it's probably been staring at Jamie since season one, so knows that he's a changed man. Jamie also catches up with Tyrion to bash their sister, and reunites with Brienne to hash it out a bit. he ends up knighting her later in the episode, which is a nice little conclusion of their arc together and all the things they've been through. area is also looking at getting some loving finally. which, no, it's not creepy. I know she might seem like she's still 12 years older than that, yeah, but I'm pretty sure she's about 32 now. so just let the girl get some, right? it can't all be sex and sisters though. as the White Walkers are slowly, very, very slowly walking towards Winterfell, and Dany meets up with Sansa to mend bridges. the two kind of discuss what's happening and what will eventually happen. and it's clear that Dany won't let the love for her nephew, I mean, boyfriend, get in the way of the throne. anyway, they decide that the way to attract a knight King is to lure him out using bran. if you've seen my knight King explained video, which, if you haven't, go watch it after this, then you'll know that bran has been mocked by the character, and therefore can be found by him at all times. they plan to use this to draw him out and finally take him down, though it probably won't be that easy. it's almost like a prom party where all the characters talk, and there's even some sex, though we don't see any nudity. which, if that's what you came for, then this will be the worst game of Thrones episode ever. anyway, John has been ghosting Danny since he found out she's his auntie, and has never once given him her Christmas present. and the to hash it out, and it becomes pretty clear that John also has a claim to the throne, which would probably put him in the firing line of Danny's favorite dragon. just as they're about to discuss who will get the throne. when this is all over, they are Saved by the Bell, literally. and the horns of war sound. I pretty much wrote this entire video as a high school metaphor for that one, Saved by the Bell line. and yeah, it wasn't worth it, I'm sorry. anyway, the knight King &amp; Co are finally here, and there's about to be a big showdown. episode 3 is clearly going to be the big battle that's been teased in the trailers. a man, I really can't wait for this huge showdown. Cersei didn't even need to be present in this episode, and their absence actually makes you realise that she's going to be absent for the fight going forward. I actually think that the mature the forces will be slaughtered here. as from a writing point of view, the golden company needs to come in at some point down the line, so it makes sense that our winterfell wonders will lose and would be forced to team up with them in the future. it's going to make a great third episode, and a definitely thing that all this setup will be worth it. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode. and if you were disappointed by the premiere did this restore your faith? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my breakdown of the first episode, which would be linked at the end. I'm gonna be breaking down every episode of Game of Thrones week by week, so make sure you stay locked in to the channel for updates every Monday. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 