welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. season five of black mirror has just dropped on Netflix, and the new show has a hell of a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down smithereens, starring Andrew Scott, and giving my thoughts on the meaning behind its ending. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the show yet and don't want anything room for yourself, then I highly recommend that you turn up now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. I hope you enjoy it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my ending explain breakdown of smithereens. smithereens is the only British episode of season 5, and from the off, it's pretty nihilistic. just as a sidetrack, I mean, is it me, or are all the British episodes of black mirror way better than the American ones? I'm not being racist yet, but there's just something about being British that's instantly depressing. it's kind of hard for me to feel sorry for Miley Cyrus when she's living it up in LA sunshine, while I'm stuck in the pissin rain, watching Netflix through someone's window, feeding my kids maggots from McDonald's cuz that's all we kind of bored after brexit. sorry about that. anyway, we join Andrew Scott, who plays a man named Chris, a taxi driver that finds himself orchestrating an attempt to take down social media once and for all. Chris is kidnapped in intend of a social company named smithereen, and he is threatening to kill the man if he isn't connected to the company CEO, Billy power. throughout the 70 minute thrill ride, we learn of Chris's past and what drove him to do the things that he did. and it's clear that this episode is a comment on how, in being connected to everyone digitally, we have become disconnected physically. the lost art of conversation is present throughout. and Chris just wants to return to a simpler time when things weren't all about likes, comments and shares. and while on the subject, yeah, make sure you like, comment and share this video. cheese. yeah. anyway, no matter what kind of relationship Chris tries to build, he's blocked by his screen. whether it's a grieving mother or simply a woman that he is picking up from a meeting at smithereen, everyone seems transfixed by a screen, desperately searching for a connection that they could have with Chris if they simply paid attention to him. many hypothesize, including the negotiator, that this is the reason why wants to reach the CEO, after being ignored for so long, and just catching the attention of the CEO of a major company that everyone else looks up to will give his life justification and make him feel like everyone is looking at him. they think that deep down, Chris wants attention just as much as those constantly posting to social media - he is, however, willing to go to the extreme for it. though. the true reason begins to emerge during the rise in situation. after being chased by police, Chris runs off-road and becomes stuck, which is where the majority of the episode takes place. due to his wonder man and hostage, this becomes an international incident, with the FBI and US. forces all working together to try and save Chris's hostage Jayden. however, everything is not as it seems. and Chris finally gets in touch with Billy Bauer after the creator and axe guard mode to speak directly to him. it's from here we discover the real reason why the entire ordeal has taken place. we learn that Chris and his fiance were both social media Alex Chris was obsessed with the platform, and after driving home one night, he became distracted by a notification and crashed the car, killing the other driver and eventually his wife. Chris avoided all blame as the other driver was drunk, but that doesn't mean he doesn't carry the guilt. Chris and probably the audience, are heartbroken by the entire ordeal. and the confession needs Chris to plead that the addictiveness has taken out the apps. Billy too confesses that he's created a monster in the app that is purely there to drive dopamine hits. similar to Chris, he doesn't know how to slop everything. and his to share a moment before Chris finally breaks Billy's admission, saying that he was simply stating his piece. the only thing he wants is for the grieving mother. he slept with to have access to her daughter's account. and after getting this, he hangs up the phone. overall, it's really gripping stuff. and both Adam Scott and Topher Grace completely knock it out of the park with his back and forth phone call that is probably the highlight of the season. Chris states he wants to let jaden go, but he refuses, after realizing that chris will kill himself as soon as he leaves the to engage in his struggle. that ends with a sniper taking a fatal shot, which ends the episode. though we don't see which of the two were killed, just the public's reaction to it. so which one was it? well, whilst this could have been a somewhat happy ending with Chris dying, this is black mirror. and the nonchalant attitude of the public towards the barely reported on Jayden makes me believe that it was him that ended up in the firing line. had it been Chris, people would have, no doubt, pulled out their phones and began spraying their thoughts all over social media. however, as they don't, it is likely that Jayden died. and this is also enforced by the fact that Billy returns to meditating. the character has no connection with Jayden, only Chris and nurses death is just a statistic. overall, this is probably my favorite episode of season 5, with it both blaming individuals for continuing their addiction as well as the corporations that prey upon this. chris acknowledges he caused the car accident, but also blames the corporation for causing his addiction. and this, metaphorically, can be aligned with alcohol, drugs and more, as things that we know are dangerous, but are thrust upon us as something that we need in our lives to enjoy ourselves. in the end, the outcome of the situation doesn't really matter, just in the same way that it doesn't really matter to the public. our lives, similar to Chris and Jaden's, have become reduced notifications that we see to get a hit of dopamine and turn off until we get the next one. this is the true meaning of the episode. and ultimately, Billy, closing his eyes once more in the final shot, represents our blindness to just how disposable that we have become. because of it. he and his company are shutting themselves off to the damage that they are doing and are continuing to prey on the populace. ultimately, this episode stuck with me long after I left it, and that's why it gets an 8 out of 10. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode and what you took from it. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of striking vipers. would you be linked at the end? this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again, potato, to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 