[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2017 supernatural horror film in chapter 1. so let's get started. one quick thing to note before starting. the monster in this movie, known as it can shape-shift. he often takes the form of a clown called Pennywise the dancing clown. for the sake of the summary, the two names are used interchangeably. the film opens in 1988 with bill making a sailboat for his younger brother, Georgie, in the town of Derry, Maine. Georgie's boat falls into the storm drain and he sees Pennywise the dancing clown. and Georgie's arm is torn off and he is dragged into the sewer. the following summer, bill and his friends, Ritchie, Eddie and Stan, all traveled to where they think Georgie's body might be. they meet up with a classmate, Ben, who has been keeping tabs on unexplained tragedies and child disappearance that have been happening for centuries in the town. Ben is pursued by a bully, Henry Bowers, and his gang. while transversing the sewers, a member of Bowers gang is killed by Pennywise. Bill's group is joined by Beverly and Mike. later on, each member of the group realizes that they've encountered some version of Pennywise that has manifested based off their specific fears, calling themselves the loser club, they dub the monster it. they realize that it appears every 27 years to feed on the children of Derry, and lives in the sewers leading to a well underneath an abandoned home. the losers Club travelled to the home to encounter it, where it tries to scare them, but they fight him off and flee the house. weeks later, Beverly incapacitates her sexually abusive father, and she is abducted by penny wise. the loser Club goes back to the house to save her. the bully, Bowers, now gone insane because of penny wise, after killing his father, is now attacking the group and eventually falls to his apparent death. the losers travel into the sewers to find its lair, which has the bodies of its victims floating in the air. Beverly goes catatonic after being exposed to bright lights. inside it's gaping mouth but is restored when Ben kisses her. bill encounters his brother Georgie, but realize it's Pennywise in disguise. Villas taken hostage, and Pennywise says that he'll spare the others if they've let him feed on bill. the losers fight back, and defeated, fighting their fears, bill declares that it will starve during its hibernation. as the summer ends, Beverley informs the group that she had a vision when she was catatonic of them fighting off it again as adults. they swear a blood oath to return as adults if it ever returns. bill and Beverley discussed her leaving for Portland, and bill reveals his feelings for her as they kiss as the film concludes. so that was a spoilers for it, chapter one. if you have another film you'd like to see us spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out our other videos on the it franchise, as well as movie spoiler alerts on Instagram. and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 