welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna get industrious and have a silly time with the boys in the 2015 zombie comedy, Scouts guide to the zombie apocalypse. let's get to it. we open up some epic janitorial tick-tocking first. what both stand a plate and smile. let's not get crazy with the copyright material. here, he's cleaning some sort of advanced experimental laboratory and is left alone to do his job with strict instructions not to touch anything. instead, he touches quite a bit, ultimately applying compressions to low although it does seem to work. as the patient comes to the scientist is too distracted by his takis to take notice, and like a raccoon, nearly gets stuck until he lets go of his shiny prize. oh man. that could have ended poorly. we then transitioned to his Scout recruiting promo and learned that the troop is even too lame for one of the lowest ranking members of the a/v Club. no matter, this is a day of celebration as the gang prepares for a campout to celebrate Oggy receiving his Condor badge, the highest honor bestowed upon a scout in peacetime. we learned shortly after that Carter and Ben have been planning on ditching Scouts with the hope of improving their social status. but their conversation is disrupted by a maniac stag. they find assistance in the form of Carter's older sister, Kendall, who views Ben as a little brother type, while she makes his pants explode, and her boyfriend, Jeff, a real hetero dude. Ben is momentarily troubled to see the indisputably dead deer has vanished. but this is a mystery for another day, as Carter scores them invites to the secret senior party. meanwhile, troop leader Rogers is scouting out a campsite and identifying scat when he hears a strange noise. it ends up just being nature, and then he stabs nature in the eye before getting necked by a zombie. this results in the boys finding Oggy alone, assuming, in the lack of supervision, to be a part of his Condor test. they commenced a finishing camp and a distinctly party-like manner, including a variety of hijinks. and the deepest [ __ ] hole you've ever seen. over the campfire that evening, we learned that Auggie's deceased dad used to be the Scout leader, resulting in his commitment and their willingness to maintain these traditions. after nightfall, Carter convinces Ben to duck out for a few minutes of double-secret partying. but Auggie's a light sleeper. they get into an argument, admit their intent to leave scouts and go their separate ways. they make a stop in town to change, and notice the area is unusually deserted, including the front door of the local strip club, which beckons to them, then slowly begins his transition to manhood. but they are both left horrified with the most confusing boners. they're saved at the last minute by the cocktail waitress and local legend, Denise, and then run out to the car to make their getaway. meanwhile, Augie has gone to look for mr. Rogers at his house and catches him as he's on his way out. the Scout leader has a very underlay like response to happening upon a guest, and in the ensuing struggle, Augie earns his face melting bash the others. arrive at the police station to find they missed a town evacuation. they're forced to barricade themselves inside. and the boys finally begin pulling some weight, but the numbers are too great, and they flee, finding the only safe course of action to be locking themselves in a Cell. they're stuck like this for just long enough to develop their characters and relationships. then a loud noise outside causes the zombies to stream out to the parking lot. bogey saw their car and set a distraction, allowing him to duck in and release them, and for them to escape out the back. they eventually run across military personnel and learned that there were no orders to evacuate a large party. they convinced him to take them to the address provided to Carter, but arrived at a water treatment plant instead, subtly indicating Carter's social value. and get it, it's full of [ __ ]. they then lose their military escort when Denis is forced to crush his head. although unable to raise anyone on the radio, they do hear that there's an airstrike scheduled in a few hours. they drive to Carter's house to search for Kendall's diary and ascertain the location of the party. in a quiet moment of stairs, Denis encourages Ben to go for it with Kendall and helps him find his balls. meanwhile, downstairs, Carter and Augie both patrol the perimeter and reconcile. and then are confronted by Carters mean old neighbor, who doesn't pose much trouble. however, the noise attracts an abundance of unwanted attention. they begin to bounce their way out, sans diary, until it pops out the last moment, and Ben grabs it before joining the others. they creep into the neighbor's house looking for a calm place review the diary. and the house is relatively clear, except for the zombie cats, which end up chasing them to where they wanted to go anyway, so no big deal. and from that location, they bust out. after determining the location, Denis rides off to get help, while the boys into a rousing speech, upon the completion of which they summon the combined power of their 47 earned badges and have an epic hardware-store montage. at the party, we learned the outbreak has found the seniors. but before it turns into a bloodbath, a whistle reverberates through the air, announcing the scouts. all clad with their improvised implements of destruction, they promptly engage in the act of spreading brain matter all over the dance hall. they heroically lead everyone out, staying behind to prevent the survivors from being followed. as they run out of ammo, they're forced upstairs, where they find at dearth of exit options. so Augie whips out a giant bomb, and as he struggles to light a tan on suicidal option is revealed. Augie sets it and forgets it, and they find their way out into the parking lot as Denise's military backup arrives. the movie that ends on a positive note, with Carter forced to accept Ben as his sister's new lover. and that was scouts guide to the zombie apocalypse. another really good horror comedy with some backbone to it. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 