welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's time to go back to a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about baby Yoda and the best fan theories on the cutest character in Star Wars universe. if we're right, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the future of the Disney Plus show, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, we're only two episodes into the series so far, but there's a lot of evidence here to support the things we'll be talking about, and we don't want to ruin the show for anyone who wants to go in as blind as possible. don't forget to subscribe to the channel for weekly breakdowns of the mandalorian, as well as a whole host of other videos. and without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of baby Yoda. okay, so we first come face-to-face with baby Yoda at the end of episode one of the mandalorian. the baby has quickly become an entire mood, and has reduced some people online to tears. I'm not, I'm not even kidding. the creature, referred to as the asset, is a high-value target that is extremely sought after by a mysterious Imperial figure known as the client. I'll get into the reasoning behind this later, but it's highly suggested that the asset is a very dangerous being that has provided a wave of death and destruction. for all that I've tried to take it for look at it, it's just so cute. anyway, the client seems very blase about whether the Mandalorian needs to bring it in alive, only stopping to suggest another option at the insistence of his allied doctor Pershing. upon arriving at the asset, the Mandalorian discovers that several of the bounty hunters in the area are after it, including IG eleven, voiced by Tycho OTT, and later ones that look like they come from the same species as bosque. though we don't know the identity of the baby just yet, we do know that it is fifty years into a roughly 900 year life span and that it comes from the same species as Yoda. now, unfortunately, we don't actually know the name of Yoda species. and while several sources list them, is being called Lennox, George Lucas has often refuted this, stating that he wants the race to remain a mystery. when discussing Yoda's origins, in an interview with Moviefone, Lucas said following, he's a mystical character. he has no background. he comes and he goes. he's the subversive, secret, mysterious stranger that enters the film and then exits at the end. it's like poetry. they rhyme. Busta Rhymes, if he may. he may not have said that aspect. this means that we have no concrete name for them. however, there have been a handful that have popped up in the Star Wars saga, mainly a doll who's similar to Yoda. and the baby are highly force sensitive. we know that these creatures are extremely rare throughout the entire galaxy, and that they all seemingly have a connection with the force, which is exemplified in baby Oda, who can easily use it even in its young stages of life. on the whole, though, they are just referred to as the quote-unquote, Yoda species. but who knows, maybe the Mandalorian will clear this up as we get into it. so who is baby Yoda? at the moment, online, there are a lot of people asking whoo baby Yoda is, with some people believing that the creature is literally a younger version of Yoda. however, due to the timeline of the show, this is impossible. and the events of the Mandalorian are set five years after The Return of the Jedi, which is the film that Yoda died in. the fact that baby Yoda is 50 means that it was born roughly around the same time as Anakin Skywalker, just before the events of the Phantom Menace. and throughout the entire rise and fall of the Jedi and later the Empire, it was hidden away, potentially due to its abilities. so no, it's definitely not Yoda. it also exists in a time where people seem to be unaware, once more, of the force. Amanda really has no idea what happened when the creature was demonstrating its ability to lift them at all. this cements that the Jedi and Sith have fallen into obscurity, and there's potential and a lot they have saw how the asset have died when coming face to face with it because they don't understand what it can do. personally, I believe that mondo only survived because he showed that he was there to protect it, killing IG 11. and this built the foundations of the bond that the two now have. but where did it come from? well, there have been a lot of theories online that this baby is the lovechild between Yoda and yellow, and that in the collapse of the Jedi, the latter hid her baby from the war in order to keep it safe. the old Jedi are not supposed to have relationships. this may have happened, though personally, as I'm guessing you can tell, I highly doubt it. one fan theory does suggest that duty Adil's disappearance in the middle of the Star Wars prequel trilogy, that she was expelled from the Jedi Order for bearing a child. and with this baby, she set out across the universe to make her own way. we do know that she wasn't present on the Jedi Council and Revenge of the Sith, and did not perish during order 66. so it is possible let this happened, though surely Yoda would have been in trouble too. but yeah, I guess me too. wasn't around back then. anyway, if this did happen, then Anakin, aka Darth Vader, may have eventually tracked her down when hunting the Jedi, and he could have killed her, as he was unaware of the child. it could have remained hidden like Luke and Leia, and thus made it to the events of the Mandalorian. however, there also exists another pretty big theory that is currently flowing about online that says, maybe baby Yoda is, well, just a baby Yoda, and it's in fact, a clone of the character. now, cloning is a big part of the Star Wars continuity, and even so far back is 1977's a new hope. we had lip service paid to the Clone Wars, which, with the prequels, were revealed to involve stormtroopers that were cloned on mats from bounty hunter Jango Fett, who could also tie in with mondo in some way. we know on Kamino that this process could produce direct copies of beings and even increase or decrease the speed that they age. yet one of the most interesting things that eagle-eyed viewers have picked up is that the enigmatic dr. Pershing, who wants baby Yoda alive more than anyone, has a symbol on his top that is the exact same one that the Kamino cloners use. this suggests that perhaps his interest in baby Yoda comes from the fact that he was involved in the cloning of the character. and this would also explain why the client knew the rough whereabouts of where it was. I mean, who wouldn't want to clone Yoda and have their own baby army of Jedi? it does make sense. but I am leaning more towards a theory that baby Yoda is just a victim of a war-torn galaxy that was sent to the planet to evade the eyes of the Empire, and that it has remained hidden there ever since. that doesn't mean that cloning won't come into it though. and personally, I do believe that the client wishes to retrieve it so that he can mass-produce copies of it. this is why dr. Pershing is involved, as he will be carrying out the procedures that enable the character to be read. I'm sure Disney will be reproducing it anyway, because of all, the toys. I mean, who doesn't want a baby Yoda? teddy bear, baby Yoda Funko pop, baby Yoda socks? does seem that the creature can be cloned whether it's dead or alive. however, it may be easier to clone something living, and this is why dr. Pershing was so insistent that man no bring baby odor in unharmed. there's also another theory floating about online at the moment as well. it says that the baby will actually have big repercussions for the Star Wars universe going forward, and that there will be some major tie-ins to the upcoming movie, the rise of Skywalker. you know from trailers and leaked images that Palpatine, aka Darth Sidious, will be returning for the film, but many fans have been curious about how the character has managed to achieve such a long lifespan. fan theory suggests that this is partly due to baby Yoda, who, as we all know, ages very slowly in comparison to humanoids. it is possible, at Palpatine wishes to have baby Oda brought in for some studying, so that he can see how the creature is able to live for so long, and then he can apply it to his own life through genetics in order to make it all the way through the entire nine movie arc. it is an interesting theory, and though we haven't had any mention of the Mandalorian tying into Episode nine, it's not outside the realm of possibility. we know that the marble Disney Plus shows will tie in with the grey MCU. so, yeah, this could likely happen going forward with baby Yoda. there's just so many things that can happen when the Mandalorian reaches the client. but one thing that we do know that won't happen is that he will hand it over without a fight. I mean, just look at that face. just just look at it. you can kind of see why makes some people wanna cry. anyway, it's clear that they've both grown an attachment to one another. and it would be awesome to see these two going around the galaxy together, actually, though thinking about it, yeah, would it would be pretty funny if he just handed it over and took the money and left. and it would be the final fu to Star Wars fans, Kathleen Kennedy's ultimate end game. she is the real Darth Sidious. it turns out. overall, though, I'm massively excited to see where the show goes. and I guess we will find out what is really going on when mando returns to the client for episode 3. obviously, I'd love to your thoughts on baby Yoda. and if you agree with any of the theories, or if you have your even better one, if you're from the future or have the foresight of a fully trained Jedi Knight, then drop the truth about the character in the comments section below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our full youtube series, which breaks down every episode of the Mandalorian so far. we cover all the Easter eggs, things you missed and give our theories going forward. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me in twitter at definition white tea, or head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, then that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2 box set on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning, it's like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on baby odor in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to Definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 