Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen. Today's movie is an edgy coming-of-age story about a girl and her experiences and her blog. This is... Ask Me Anything Our main character is Katie Kampenfelt, a 17 year old who reflects on her decision to take a gap year before she goes to college. She wants to do it to get some perspective on her future and when Katie goes to her counselor she suggested to blog during her gap year Katie agrees though as soon as she leaves she lights up a smoke she's not as innocent as she seems why is she actually taking a gap year? Well a love affair of course! Meet Dan a thirtysomething year-old guy who she sleeps with and both of them are cheating on their partners. Dan teaches film at a community college and together they usually watch classic movies and get 'physical' Katie likes him because she feels smarter next soon as she's getting it on, she remembers something herself as a little girl on a road trip with her dad when she comes out of her flashback Dan tells her that he's moving out closer to the college it's not good for their relationship though she convinces Dan to continue their thing. Katie tells her mom about her blog that she writes under a fake name with changes made to hide the names of the real people she talks about when Mr. Moustache, our given name for the not-yet stepdad of Katie comes in he questions her choices something that he does a lot based on how Katie storms off while she walks around town we hear an extract from her blog the reveals things about her promiscuous nature "What\'s your favorite number?" 69 she enters the Sam Johnson book shop to apply for a job where she's hired by Glenn Warburg three days a week $12 an hour in a room she talks about how her blog has gotten a lot of views though mostly from people searching for creepy search words like "blonde", "sex", and "high school" afterwards we meet Rory he's her typical looking high school boyfriend and while he's watches TV Katie blogs about how her fans don't care that she's cheating on her boyfriend just that it's with an older guy who had a girlfriend. In her defense she didn't know he had a girlfriend at first the next day after having sex Rory Katie comes back to the book shop and talks with Glenn where he describes reading as a transcendent spiritual experience. It's food for thought. She goes to Dan's house which is abandoned. he hadn't even said goodbye or called her The only way she could see him now is to go to him so she needs a car she heads to her biological dad home where she asks her dad into getting her a car she fails to convince him and when she leaves she gets a message from Joel Seidler, a senior at Princeton who wants to tutored Katie who wants to meet with her if she can and she gets another message from a girl named Jade "I\'m back, b***h!" *Katie laughs* Her best friend who got back from Greece.They light up a nice little join in a cemetery and have a typical girly chat. Jade is relieved when Katie tells her that she isn't seeing Dan since you know she has Rory though even if Rory's around she could be a bit loose. Later, she has a meeting of her mom and \'Moustache" who tell her that Glenn the bookshop owner was a convicted rapist and she quits working at the bookshop lying to him that it's because it wouldn't look good on a resume afterwards she gets a call from Paul Spooner who has a job offer for her to work as a nanny and offers a free car Katie's thrilled! She can work and she'll get a car too. She works as a nanny for the son of Paul and Margaret Spooner but she has to stop blogging to do so. After Katie leaves work she makes a plan to contact Dan: she goes over to Jade's home where she and Jade called Dan and asked him to call her later as she leaves she gets a call from Joel again which he ignores and she gets another call this time from Dan who doesn't sound thrilled that Katie has a car though he changes his mind once she tells him that she can give it a blowy. *Narrator laughs and muses* Dan and Katie have sex and she has a flashback to a memory of a man who leaves her when she wakes up, Dan confesses that he doesn't want to do this anymore, Dan and his girlfriend Martine have been engaged for a while, they're a lot closer in age and they're compatible as Katie leaves she realizes that Dan moved so that he could live of Martine she returns home where Rory, her mom, and Mr. Moustache have been waiting for her. Katie lies that she saw a movie and runs to her room Rory doesn't believe her so she tells him that she's been cheating on him Rory always hits her but is kicked out by Mr. Moustache. The next morning Katie confesses to her mom about Dan and Katie's relationship but lies to her about not having sex with Dan. Her birthday is spent moping and she confesses on her blog that she's glad that Katie isn't her real name and although miserable she drives to the Spooner's house or they are having a party she, mingles and drinks and has a flirty moment with mr. Spooner when she gets home she gets another call from Joel who confesses that he wanted someone to talk to since he almost jumped out of a window during college and since Katie had spent time in a mental hospital, maybe she'd understand him. At Christmas she gives gifts and cards to her down in his new girlfriend of Afreen. Later her dad reminisce about the old days when they were younger and closer in fact on the day her dad got kicked out she held on to him as long as she could except Katie doesn't recall this moment to her dismay. At home she complains: about her loneliness she broke up with Rory and JD's busy with her new boyfriend. Her mom and Moustache come in and tell her that they got engaged after that she calls Rory who reveals that he has been sleeping with Jade and they are now dating after leaving work she gets a message from Joel and we finally get to meet Mr. Seidler at Katie's request they have wine and Katie complains about Rory and Jade to Joel Joel points out that Katie's bad luck is due to her poor choices in men and her lack of self-awareness which she snidely accepts. That night she gets a call it's about her dad: he had a fall and something exploded in his brain. He's in bad condition, later we find out that her dad has passed away. In a somber blog post she reflects on her dad's death she has no one to talk to no guy to lean on her dad is dead and Dan is busy over Martine. There's no outlet and she misses work because of it. Getting back to work the life of the Spooner's has changed Margaret has a full-time job now though the baby still needs to be nannied so Paul is eating lunch at home to keep the baby company Katie and Paul have a deep conversation about bad times moving on and how when you're 30 bad things happen and other things when she leaves she gets her pay and a paper from Paul about lessons about adulthood. Meeting with Joel he realises why Paul wrote that: Paul wants to bang Katie Joel also figures a few things out about Katie she likes sex, she's self-centered, she's a borderline alcoholic, similar symptoms to a girl that Joel knew so Joel asks her if she was ever molested when she was young she confesses to Joel that they summer before her parents divorced she was sent over to the next-door neighbor's home to watch TV where she was molested by a man and Katie admits that it felt kind of good. She posts about this in her blog and the reception is mixed from name-calling to support two comically missing the point the next day Katie asks her mom to get therapy. At the therapists office she reveals that when she was 13 she had taken a bunch of her mom's ambien and broke it to a guy's house to confess to him, he rejected her and she didn't take it well. She was sent to a mental hospital which was an experience that made her not like therapy. Miss Sherman, her therapist asks Katie to write a letter to the man who molested her for her own relief she listens to Paul complain about Margaret and in a secretive way he gives her a necklace she loves it and they share a passionate kiss before Margaret comes in she arrives home where she meets Rory and they have sex during which she remembers some things an older man who drank and the little girl and after sex she realizes that she's in love of Paul Let's get a little real here for those who are unaware: because she was molested and her dad left her at a young age she became confused by what love is so she filled the dad shape hole her heart with the emotional and physical joy that sex brings to her when she has sex with older men. In the end, her sexual adventures are out of this need for a loving father. Out of this need for sexual control, out of this confusion by what love is and so she finds it in all the wrong places Back to the movie. Back at the Spooner home she and Paul have sex and experience that makes Katie feels special and all this time she hasn't blogged once. Later Katie forges the email from her mom to cancel future appointments with her therapist and sometime after that she gets a call from Joel who is bitter at her cold shoulder treatment and is mad at her for throwing away a platonic friendship with the one guy who doesn't want to bang her and actually cares about her beyond sex she takes it personally, breaking down into tears when she realizes how extreme her reaction is she takes a pregnancy test to check if it's due to hormones. It checks positive that night Katie tells Rory that she's pregnant though she might abort it and it's probably not Rory's. Rory is disgusting screaming at her that she's such a whore so she tries to call Joel only to find that he tried to kill himself again The Spooner's celebrate Paul's birthday and while Margaret attends to the baby Paul and Katie shamelessly take that moment to make out after which she gives him a birthday gift a poem admitting her feelings to Paul which Paul rips apart Katie's pregnancy is difficult and Paul doesn't want anything to do with it so she tries to get medicated and gets denied by her therapist. A night walk has Katie deliver a letter: the letter to the man who molested her getting psychological release after all this time but then she meets her guidance counselor who gives her words of encouragement after Katie confesses to her how hard her gap-year is Katie takes a strange turn for the night and visits Glenn for advice she tells him the truth about why she quit about finding his criminal record and wants to know what he did he tells her that a long time ago he was a real piece of work: rebellious, angry, dealing drugs, and got dishonorably discharged from the Army. he slept of a prostitute after they got drunk and high and since he couldn't remember anything that happened he was charged with rape. After hearing this Katie tells about her baby and her fears of having it he believes that she's scared of what she'll feel after the abortion but no one's felt bad about having a kid and gives her some advice Stop drinking. Stop smoking and stop sleeping around. Just before she leaves Glenn tells her to keep the baby and if she can handle it he will take care of it leaving her speechless as she relaxes in the bath we cut to the film reel as she wonders if she wants to stop blogging if it's possible to become normal, to be free from her blog and be her own self: free from fame and obligation and as the little girl jumps into the lake, Katie chooses to live her own life fade to black but it's not over yet! Meet Carol, the mother of Amy Grantham a.k.a. the real Katie Kampenfelt. That's right we were just another reader of Katie's blog I mean she did say that she ran under a fake name and she changed the names of everyone involved in her life Do you see what's happening here guys? We just found out that we were just another one of the readers of Katie's blog who all this time had been imagining her life based on what she wrote just to find out that her real life is slightly different the thing she said before were from her final blog post before she just disappeared. Before she left, Amy had gotten a call from a blocked number but other than that there is no trail for anyone to follow. Carol Grantham types out a final blog post about the reality of "Katie\'s" life or should I say, Amy? Rory is a young man named Aidan who would never hurt her, Dan is a video store manager who was never told that she was pregnant and the way she wrote about their relationship was a little inaccurate. The Spooners are a small family though "Paul" denies any sexual relations Jake Seidler is much like Joel regretting his last vicious voice message to Amy Jade is a drug addict named Noel and although she has a blocked number she didn't call Amy "Glenn" is Roy Olsen whose story was mostly true except he never said he would take care of her baby She (Carol) asks Amy's fans to give her some information any information about her baby girl No matter how many times she reads Amy's blogs, no matter how long they wait they'll never know who would hurt Amy because it seems that in Katie's world everyone would Thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen if you enjoyed it leave a like down below and subscribed to get updated on our latest uploads now if you'll excuse me I gotta take control of my life 