Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed up shit! It's literally been over a year since the last time I watched an anime movie or show for this channel. Corpse Party was the last anime and I had probably 50 subscribers back then. Now we at 192k subscribers and its time to get back into to some universal animation. Perfect Blue is one of the anime titles that has come out of the 90's age, a decade in time that saw the sophistication of anime as well as just more adult or mature themes all throughout. Perfect Blue is a big example of this, and came out in 1997 directed by Satoshi Kon. Perfect Blue is all about an ex J-Pop idol named Mima who decides that acting is the way to go. Well not everybody likes this change in career, including her ex fans, so she deals with both the mental problems that come about because of the pressures, as well as the psychos stalkers around her that may want to kill her. {First before we get any farther lets have a word from our sponsor. Today\xef\xbf\xbds video is sponsored by Ridge Wallet, the entity that created the minimalist flagship wallet that sits comfortably in the pockets of over half a million people worldwide. You see, I\xef\xbf\xbdve been lugging this fat Marvel wallet around for about two years now, gift from granny right? Well I like Marvel, but as the wallet got bigger, Inotice how much BS I stuffed in my wallet just to get it out of my sight! The Ridge Wallet helps combat this. You have to metal pieces bound together by a strong elastic band, which looks nothing like that suitcase we carry in our back pocket. You can choose between Titanium, Carbon Fiber and Aluminum and many different colors in case you care about your material! Me? I'm using the titular Ridge Wallet in the forms of the Cash Strap and the money clip, which both came with a tool and screws to augment the wallet. Its great for holding case, cards, IDs and also blocks any Remote RFID hacking in case your cards carry an RFID chip. Plus I also use the backpack which is quite helpful for a student like me. So, Ridge Wallet is again, a minimal 5 star wallet that helps carry and protect what you need, and leave the rest. In fact if you decide to order anything from the Ridge Wallet website, you can get 10% off, including Free Worldwide Shipping and Returns, if you go to the link ridge.com/SPOOKY, that's right ridge.com/SPOOKY, and use the discount code SPOOKY at checkout! The links will be in the description! Thanks for The Ridge Wallet for sponsoring this video! Oh yeah so what was I talking about? } Oh yeah, So back to Perfect Blue. As a reminder, I'm not analytical or whatever, but I acknowledge the richness such a film can hold. If you want something more than a synopsis then maybe check out the links in the description. If you wanna see what happens including all the messed up parts stay tuned for the breakdown. The beginning of Perfect Blue starts off with a dramatic public performance of some fake ass Power Rangers called Powertron. They are the Power Rangers in this world, but the audience is probably a lot older than the usual young individuals. A lot of people are really there to see the performance of a J-Pop group called CHAM. Many people though gossip about one of the CHAM members named Mima, who seems to be making an announcement near the end of the CHAM set. Mima and her bandmates next get on stage to perform after a very hectic preparation, then title screen. The song itself slaps though, you can listen to it if you click on the "i" on the right here. One of the part time workers though has his eye on Mima in the weirdest way possible. That look is so fucking ugly, but Mima got dodge moves like a wide receiver though. The person who threw the can at her was the leader of some group of delinquents. The employee crawls over as Mima and the group end their first song and begin their shocking revelation to the crowd. That's all interrupted though when the employee gets his ass handed to him'by fuckin Trippie Redd of all people, or Japanese Riley Freeman. They just let him act crazy like this? Where's security? I expected secret service level for J-Pop performances! Ultimately, the employee does stop the rowdiness! About damn time, this the guy she tell you not to worry about, if you're insecure enough to ask. Anyway the reveal is that Mima is leaving the CHAM group to start a career in acting. She plays her last song as the intro goes by. This song fucking slap too btw here go the link for your forheads. Soon after the performance, Mima makes it back through all the overwhelming environment of being a star. Despite being a star, she is pretty relatable. Who doesn't lay in the bed like this? As the view pans around, a radio broadcast talks about an earthquake that killed at least 200 people, but Mima is more focused on putting her idol past to bed, not wanting anything to influence second thoughts. She reads some fan letters, but one says "I always love looking into Mina's Room! I\'ve put up a link to Mima\'s Room". Mima just brushes it off, almost as much as she brushes off her mommy's little protests for her to keep being an idol. Its her on the phone, but also some weirdo calls her, doing nothing but breathing all weird. Even weirder, someone sends in a fax with large characters all over caller her a traitor. I guess for leaving behind the music group to act. Speaking of acting, Mima is later on a set for a very small role. She's playing a small part is some murder mystery called Double Bind, but the pressures start to get to her, everybody really sees her as just that pop star. The main actress on the set is Eri here. Right before the scene is to start, an explosion is heard. One of the managers of Mima is injured! Why? Well because he was holding a fan letter meant for Mima. Someone is really not liking Mima's decisions, but I don't think the letter was meant to kill or maim. Regardless of what happened, things go on as usual. You would think they would get law enforcement involved, I definitely think that was a threatening letter that should have got its own investigation, but it was the injured managers idea to not involve the police. Right now Mima and her manager, Rumi are setting up the internet. The reason why is cuz that fan letter saying "I\'ve put up a link to Mima\'s Room" was actually referring to a website called Mima's Room. The weird part is that the website maker has faked a diary as if Mima herself has wrote it. But as she reads it, she realizes that nobody should know the info that's there, except for her. I mean she laughed it off at first, but then realized someone is really knowing her habits. The only two explanations is that someone is really watching her, or Mima is really losing it and not remembering any of this. Mima starts to believe the latter. Soon after, Mima complete the one liner scene that was interrupted because of the rigged letter. It's a pretty mature murder mystery that we see here, yet Mima's little roles introduce little faith in her ability to be successful just as an actress. Anyway, Mima has a panicking moment after she leaves the train. Its uz it reminded her of what that fake diary was saying. It described her literal way of leaving the train which causes her to lose it a bit and run out like she running from zombies. She walks past the annoying fans waiting on her, going to the manager building some floors up. While riding the elevator though, she sees a little newspaper clip purposefully placed for Mima to read. It shows that leader delinquent has been in a hit and run and is in critical condition. Probably ran over by this stalker fan that Mima should probably throw hands with by now. With little options on gaining more traction as a actress, Mima submits to the pressures and agrees to be in a rape scene that is surely damaging to her persona. It starts with her stripping in a club, only to be grabbed and assaulted by the men around her. Remember this is all acting, yet still just being apart of a scene must be emotionally hard to take in. I know if I saw my favorite pop star being raped, acting or not, I'd be just as sad as Rumi here. It's this scene that causes Mima to confuse reality with performance. After the scene and getting home, Mima goes to feed the fishies, but they all died. Aww so sad, but uh Mima I don't remember you feeding them since the beginning. Nobody makes this much of a fit because of some dead fishes. Really she's not reacting all crazy because of the fishes, but just seeing them dead also made her sad about participating in that rape scene. Despite being all gung ho about it like "Yeah sure I'll do it, and it's the next step to being the Hokage!", she truly only did it because there was so much pressure on what she should do, and did it to not let anybody down. The main individual that starts to eat away at her and criticize her, is her past Idol self though. We will see a lot more of her later. We also see that creepy stalker fixing the fake diaries on Mima's Room website. He may actually be following orders. We will get to that later. Even if he didn't, he records damn near every thing she does. Mima herself believes the Idol Mima persona is writing those diaries, and she is continues to hurt Mima's mind. Someone though is beginning a killing spree. One of the acting managers that suggested Mima play in the rape scene is targeted in an empty garage. Baited by old Idol songs from Mima, we next see him brutally murdered in an elevator, eyes gouged out and all. Things are getting hectic around our main character, cuz she is having lots of trouble defining whats real and whats fake. Usually people would at least know they tripping, but Mima seems to believe her hallucinations of Idol Mima is a real person. She's got some mental wounds. The stalker also sees this Idol Mima as well. He is tripping too which we will get to in a bit later. Her hllucinations start ruining her average days! Injuring herself to chase this figment. But who knows if even that is real. Its equally confusing for both Mima and us as viewers. She usually "wakes up" back in her bed which I think gets progressively more cluttered. She also even begins to believe the fake diary entries, saying yep I guess I went there today. So one of the things that Mima does in her ex Idol exploits is get professional pictures. Including some nude pictures which is a big contrast from that idol image I believe. Her photographer here gets attacked by someone for it. Brutally stabbing him in the eye and chasing the bloodied man all around his flat. He gets his killing wounds from the hidden figure, who seems to reveal themselves as Mima. Killing him for ruining her "Idol" image. This is a pretty remarkable scene in the movie itself by the way. Mima awakens again next, and even finds evidence that she killed that photographer. Regardless of all that, we go back to that mystery show Mima acts in. The scene in particular plays twice, firstly as Mima literally plays herself. The character is the killer of the show who is pretending to be "Mima". The second time the scene plays, Mima is actually in character playing the true villain of the show, no references to reality yet still pretending to be someone relative to the show, and she gets much needed applause for playing the character and finishing production. This was real for once. After the shoot, Mima walks to he dressing room, but gets attacked by the stalker. This is definitely real I think. He speaks for the first time in the film and he sound like a damn rat. Truly a leftover from one of the Lizards sick experiments, he plans on killing Mima, believing the one in front of his is fake and is ruining the real Mima's reputation. The real Mima is the Idol Mima, which ironically both Stalker and Mima see for some reason. She fights back as best as she can, on the set of the scene in which she played a rape victim. She grabs a hammer and smashes it across his face, killing him. As she looks over, TV crews clap ahead, but I'm sure this is just a hallucination. Her manager Rumi discovers her soon after, and when she leads her to the scene, the body isn't there. The body isn't there, but Stalker really did die. I'll explain later. Rumi drives Mima back, but oddly tells her that she is driving her back to "Mima\'s Room". Its odd cuz she shoulda said, I'm driving you back to your room. Mima's Room is the name of the website. And, she awakens in her room. Rumi is in the back. Mima tries to call the manager of hers, but he's dead, as well as the stalker. Now the question is did someone move his body? Mima has another hallucination next though. Or..does she? The reflection in the mirror shows a big boned clone! This is the manager Rumi, dressed in this Idol dress and pretending to be Mima as she was during Idol days. I'll call her Idol Rumi. She is nuts too, and was apparently using the stalker in much of his deeds. I guess everything the stalker did to scare her throughout the film. Idol Rumi herself though is I believe the real author of the website, either that or she told stalker what to say, in addition to murdering the two manager men. She attacks Mima and gets some stabs on her. She has to Nathan Drake across the complex just to get away, like for real she was doing some Nathan Drake Lara Croft ass stuff. Also I know it look like Idol Mima/Rumi is a fairy in her movements, but that's just what the running Mima is seeing. This reflection in the mirror proves just that, big ass. Idol Rumi gets a stab on Mima with some random ass umbrella she found, and chases her to a stop right in front of a store. In the window, she sees her reflection. Its like it helps her realize she is the real true ass Mima. The windows or whatever get destroyed though, and Idol Rumi says there can only be room for one Mima, but true Mima doesn't care about all that anymore and knocks that wig off. Not only does it expose Rumi, even having her react by screaming randomly, but she stabs herself in the neck on the exposed glass, making blood shoot out everywhere. She crawls away in pain over to the street, and puts that wig back on. This is a pretty iconic visual of this movie as well, but crazy ass Idol Rumi sees a truck coming and think its just the spotlight of being famous. I don't know how the hell Mima really just saved this girl but like I said she pushes her out the way, getting grazed by the truck a little. If one thing is for sure though, Mima's hallucinations seem to be over! Then, some unstated amount of time passes. Could be months or years. Rumi is in some kind of mental help facility. And guess who her main visitor is! Mima here! I wathed the sub version, but in the English dub that I saw again, Mima comments that if not for her, I wouldn't be the person I am today. Rumi still sadly suffers from a case of personality disorder. Mima though appears to be successful. She's even got long hair now like the lead actress Eri that she worked with. I guess maybe its saying she's on her level of success now. Even some nurses outside gossip like OMG is that Mima? No way Mima would be here? The movie ends as Mima gets in her whip, takes a loot into her rearview mirror and talks to us watching with confidence, saying No I'm the real Mima! I think that movie deserved some claps, it was very interesting. I'm also quite happy they ended the film like that. Now I'm sure there is some confusion on what really even happened. I'm confused too trust me but I think I have an idea. So Mima, her stalker, and Rumi are three different individuals. Check. Mima begins to struggle mentally with all the expectations and issues of her careers as a singer and actress. She goes kinda crazy with hallucinations seeing herself as an Idol. These early hallucinations are different then the final battle at the end because they are just that, figments. The only time the figment could actually hurt her was when she was with Rumi at the end. And so about Rumi and Stalker. I wouldn't have known this if not for other sources, but it seems to be some kind of weird shared delusional disorder shared between Mima, Stalker and Rumi. It seems likely that Mima got the delusional disorder of seeing Idol Mima from Rumi I guess. And Then Stalker got it from Mima. That's why Stalker could see the Idol Mima as well as Mima herself. Rumi must have just went nuts some time early in the movie, maybe even before it started. So it seems that Rumi was the murderer of both the TV manager and the Photographer, quite possibly the Stalker too but I actually think she just hid the body or whatever along with the other manager she murdered. To recap all what I said, I think that..despite being rare as hell, got a delusional disorder from simply being around Rumi as well as her own experiences, and Stalker did as well. So you had three crazy ass people linked together through hallucinations all just from existing near each other. I'm sorry if yall still don't understand but that's just my guess really. So lets get on with the most disturbing moment and most enjoyed moment in that SPOOKY STUFF! So lets get right into it, the most disturbed moment is probably either the rape scene that Mima starred in. Usually its cuz rape is just a horrifying experience to witnessj, but right now I'm saying t because it was the start of Mima's delusions. If not that scene then probably the murder of the photographer, he really was fighting to stay alive. The most enjoyed moment is probably the ending. Usually I say that because I'm glad a movie is over, but this time I say that because Mima decisively took control of herself for once really. She literally became so good of an actor that she broke the film just to tell us that she aint dealing with no doubts anymore, no troubles and that the real Mima is the one who goes forward in whatever she does. That's some true ass anime swag right there that you see a lot. And that's it. I really really enjoyed watching this movie,and despite getting a recap I implore yall to watch it yourselves. I gotta get through some more crazy anime movies, in addition to the manga and comic series in January. Here on the left is Corpse Party. I made this video when I first started so just don't mind if I say anything stupid or ignorant. Here on the right is Suicide Club, another Japanese movie that talks about the pressures and anxieties of Japan going forward. Thanks for watching, SPOOKY OUT! 