welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka, a friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this episode, were breaking down one of my favorite MCU movies, that is a spider-man homecoming. watching the webhead wall crawl his way back over to marvel in Civil War was one of the most exciting times to be an MCU maniac. and the character's first solo movie has a lot - impact from it. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down all of the insane details and Easter eggs that you only really know it's after binge watching the rest of the Infinity Saga. this doesn't contain every single detail in the film, but there are a lot that I haven't seen mentioned on any of their lists. so make sure you stick around until the end. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the movie yet, that I highly recommend that you check out now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the content. without the way, thank you for cooking this. and let's get into our breakdown of homecoming. okay, so the movie opens in the wake of the Battle of New York, with Adrian Toomes showing off his child's drawing of the Avengers. we later learn that this was made by Liz, and Adrian remarking on her talent is the first clue we get that the two are related. this scene pulls back to show a stock tower with the a left is all that remains on the sign. this was shown at the end of the Avengers, and as we know, the location was later renamed to Avengers tower. tombs. his crew are salvaging scraps from the Chitauri invasion in Central Station. and we actually see the Leviathan that Thor and the Hulk killed in Avengers as part of the main focal point of the area. we're introduced to damage control, which are actually a fictional construction company from the comics. the vendetta between tombs in stock is set up here, and we also get a subtle hint that they're opposites to one another. tooms is theme that we can hear introduced in the background here. is actually the same as the Avengers, but in minor tonality, which shows how he's a darker version of the hero Adrian is really a blue-collar worker that felt screwed over by the 1%. and thus he took things into his own hands and rejected the idea that he should always be a second-class citizen that has no control over his destiny. the people in the opening are shown is literally having to deal with the trash left behind by the Avengers while stony profits off it. and it makes the villain one of the most relatable characters in the entire MCU. we jump forward a yes, but this this messes with my OCD a bit. as civil war takes place four years after Avengers, which happens in 2012. if this time Jim was right, then that would mean that this movie takes place in 2020 instead of 2016. I kind of wish they would just replace this title card. like, come on, Manny. you added new scenes for Star Wars and Disney Plus, so someone couldn't just replace this one time? anyway, never mind. we jump to Peter and see the trip to Berlin from his point of view. in civil war, Peter gets given a new Sunna briefcase, which could be a reference to Iron Man 2, in which Tony gets his new suit out of a case called the football Peter jumps into the fight, and this scene lines up perfectly with a battle from Civil War. we also see the bruises that Tony receives in that film, namely his black eye, in the exact same place. Tony calls happy for head of security, which is a callback to the joy he did to the character in Iron Man 3. and he rejects Peters hug as he leans over. this hug would later come to get some closure on it, as when Tony and Peter reunite in endgame, the first thing that the Fulmer does is hug him. you also see a hint of peter's spider-sense starting to develop, as just before happy is about to hit a car, Peter looks back and forth nervously, and then HAP honks the horn before missing the collision. flash forward two months and we see Peter texting happy buddies getting blanked. now a cool little detail here is that Peters phone has a crack on it, and throughout the movie it gets more and more damaged, eventually leaving the screen looking like a spider's web. Peter mentions quitting band practice in his message. and later in the film, when Tony asks what he's up to on the ferry. he says that he's, he's out band practice. Tony says, happy told me quit six weeks ago. so it's just a nice little, subtle callback to this message. now, what's interesting is that happy pretty much ignores Peter throughout the movie. in thematic terms, Peter is very much a mirror of tombs, who was too overlooked by the star company and its employees. they finally pay attention when Peter kicks up enough noise, which is similar to the vulture who flies under the radar all of the time. I think Tony and happy at the end of the movie, do you sort of regret paying attention to be there? and through the turn of the vulture, they realize that if you don't keep your eyes on the little things, then it can blow up in your face. spiders are, of course, little creatures that we often overlook. so even the name of the hero, Fitz's name, and how he's viewed, vultures are also scavengers, and the vulture is a scavenger in this film. so, yeah, great job. marvel. at school, Peter walks past a mural of famous inventors from time, and we can actually see how it's stark in the background. it - played by John Slattery. Bruce Banner also appears in a lineup of famous scientists at one point. and this world building really shows how much effort Marvel put into their movies. we also see the principal catching a drone in the scene and telling a student to go to his office. this is Kenneth Choi, who also played Jim Morita and Captain America the First Avenger. we can actually see a photograph of Jim in his office at one point, showing that the two characters are actually related. speaking of returning cast members, Peters science teacher is also the same one that we see is a student in the Incredible Hulk. I love these moments, as they really flesh out the MCU and show their characters often return in surprising and unexpected ways. Ned tells Peter that he's gonna go to beat his home that night so that the two can build the Lego Death Star. but Peters distracted by Liz, and he agrees to it without even thinking. thus he doesn't really know that Ned will be there on the night, and accidentally reveals that he's spider-man to him go to the classroom, and the teacher is asking them how you calculate linear acceleration between two points. flash gets the equation wrong, and the teacher asks if Peter is still with them. as he sat watching videos of himself on his laptop, we see that the equation actually involves something that looks like a pendulum swing. and even though Peter hasn't been paying attention, he still works the answer out pretty quickly. this is because he's so used to swinging through the city and quickly working our angles that he has no problem handling the math behind it. we can see that the video he was watching was uploaded by Rocket Robinson 67, and this is a reference to Robbie Robertson, who debuted in 1967. we see how Peter makes his web fluid, and then cut to him and Ned looking over to Liz and Betty hanging up the homecoming sign. though Peter stares at Liz, Ned actually stares at Betty. and this would pay off in far from home, when the two end up dating. MJ interrupts this, and we can see that she has a pile of books. throughout this movie, you might know, as she reads several and these loci handout. why she's interested in spider-man. one of the books is of Human Bondage, which is about an orphan boy that ends up living with his auntie and uncle. and the other is invitation to a beheading that is about a man that has been sentenced to hang. and he sits in his cell with only a spider to keep him company. cut to the Decathlon team, and we see the group practicing questions. flash sits there mocking Peter. but behind him we can see a number of school team signs. the team is clearly called the Tigers. and for a split second in the movie, we even see the tiger mascot running through the halls. pretty much every signers go get him, Tigers written on it and go get em. tiger is a famous phrase that Mary Jane said to Peter in the comics. flash also says that he has a date with Black Widow. and Peter heads the deli to get a sandwich. he asks for it smushed down real flat, and we later see him eating it. now if there's one thing I know, it's sandwiches. and I think that he asked for it smushed down real flat to stop the ingredients falling out as he swings through the city. peter webs his bag up, and we later find out that this got taken away when the bin got emptied. this is why Peter can later be seen carrying his books instead of having them in his bag. now, if you slowed down him putting on his web-shooters, you can also see that he has a percentage sign on the right hand side showing how much fluid he has in the corage layer. when he runs out of webbing, we get a warning, and can see that it's on 0%. we also get a Stan Lee cameo. and then Peter stops an ATM robbery that's been carried out by people in Avengers masks. there's also a sign in the background that says, identity theft. we have you covered, which PS stands in front of. obviously, these robbers are going under the identities of the Avengers. and hey, nice little, nice little nod to what's happening in this scene. Peter says to Thor that he thought he'd be more handsome in person. and later in infinity war, when stola says he met the character, he makes sure everyone knows that he wasn't that good-looking. pierre at this point, gives him a funny look. and I'm just saying, chris hemsworth is a good-looking dude. now, one of the cool things that you might not have noticed is that Peter doesn't actually punch anyone in the entire movie. he has incredible strength, paying someone could probably leave their face looking like Deadpool. so instead, he uses his webs to make everyone either hit the people around them or to throw them into things. Peter is attacked with the gravity gun, and he grips the floor, but it rips up the paneling. however, when he gets slammed back into it, he grips the concrete underneath, and thus doesn't get pulled up. cut to Avengers tower, and we see happy and Tony's robot arm dummy. dummy is often the butt of the joke, and sadly, he is no different. we actually learned in Ironman that this was the first thing that Tony ever built. and it's good to see him making a return, even if everyone hates it. don't worry though, dummy. I still love you. Peter and Mego to get lob and I love this scene. thank you very much. we also see spider-man climbing out of a portaloo on the news which is held up in a news article at the beginning of far from home. and may say she's not a fan of Tony Stark, and tells Peter that he should trust his instincts. this might actually set up his spider sense and how the character learns to embrace it. throughout the movies cut to Ned asking Peter lots of questions, namely, if he spits venom. this is, of course, a nod to want to Pete as big as foes, who we learn last year is now going to be part of the MCU. Ned also says he would stand on a building and shoot his webs to see how far they would go. and this is a nod to Tobey Maguire doing the same thing in the Raimi trilogy. this is also another nod to the Raimi movies. when vulture attacks Peter with the glider, Peter jumps over it, just like how he did when fighting the Green Goblin, but the vulture was smart enough to stop it just before it hit him. the list starts crushing on spider-man, and a friend asks if she would still love him even if he was seriously burnt. Liz said that she would love him for the person that he is inside. I think this might also be a little reference to Deadpool, who, yeah, hopefully entering the MCU soon as well. they go to Liz's party after promising that spider-man will be there. and Liz starts talking to them, and then we get the sound of broken glass in the background. and Liz goes to check on it. I my parents will kill me if anything's broken I get up. this later becomes another clue that Liz and Adrian are related, as when tooms returns to vulture HQ during the same night is the party. the tinkerer says that his wife keeps texting him about a brake light. I'm guessing at the party that someone smashed one up, and this is what we heard earlier in the movie. that might be a reach though, but you know, we love a good Reacher. we then see the Shocker, selling an ultra norm to none other than Aaron Davis, played by Donald Glover in comic books. this is actually Miles Morales as uncle, who we also saw in spider-man. into the spider verse. in into the spider verse, Aaron's character, at one point was watching community on the TV, most notably the scene in which Donald Glover was spider-man pajamas. so Aaron was watching the multiverse version of himself wearing spider-man pajamas while also being the character. and yeah, it's crazy, and it's also one of the best Easter eggs I've ever seen in a film. Aaron's alter-ego is the Prowler. and we do see at one point that this is name dropped when Peter looks up his profile. Aaron initially turns down the Ultron gun, but becomes more interested when the Shocker pair talked about how they have climber's something that the Prowler uses when committing crimes. a chase ensues, and Peter runs through backyards in a scene that's a direct callback to Ferris Bueller's Day Off, which we see playing on a TV at a party. he's picked up by the vulture, who ascends into the air and goes over the moon. and what's a callback to Keaton doing the same thing with the batwing in Batman 1989, Peter is rescued by Iron Man, and he dries his suit by using a heater. Iron Man says that he put everything in his suit. and in addition to the heater, we know that there's a tracker and a parachute. throughout our MCU videos, we've always talked about how Tony learns from his mistakes. and the heater is there after he landed in the cold wilderness of Iron Man 3. the tracker is there in case Peter gets kidnapped, like how Tony did in the first Iron Man movie. and the parachute is there to stop what happened to Rhodey in Civil War, potentially happening to the webhead. we also see this parachute in infinity war. and another cool little detail is that we can also see the suit moving, mimicking Tony. it waives its hand in an ocean 2 most order something and laid out. when we cut to Tony in India, a drink is brought to him. Tony also drives an Audi r8 Spyder in this movie, which, yeah, that nice little tie in. at vulture HQ, we get a good look at the Shockers arm. and this is actually the same as crossbones arms, so the group might have salvaged it from the character after he died. P attracts the vultures goons and realizes that the decathlon in Washington is close to where they're hiding out. he goes with the team across the country, and these school members actually show up on the bus and infinity war showing that Marvel reused the same cast to keep things consistent. on the road, we see a sign for the Triskelion clean up, which is a reference to Captain America, the Winter Soldier in that cap &amp; Co crashed a Helicarrier into the building in Washington, and thus the cleanup still continues. when practicing questions, Peter mentions the fake Marvel element, vibranium. and then he and Ned work on the suit where they removed the training wheels protocol. this gives him access to Karen, who is voiced by Jennifer Connelly. Connolly is actually the real-life wife of Paul Bettany, who voiced Jarvis before going on to play the vision. Peter gets instant kill mode, which is also a reference to Batman, I think. and we can hear the criminals talking about the clean-up on the Triskelion, which, again, is a callback to the Winter Soldier. Peter fights the vulture is. he pulls off the heist and ends up getting trapped inside the damage control truck. if you slow the footage down, you can actually see one of the matter phases rolling about the floor near his feet. and this is why the doorway closes above him. he goes to damage control deep storage and gets locked in there for what feels like an eternity, but was actually just 37 minutes. he actually finds an Ultron head at one point, and the eyes are still glowing red. so who knows, maybe the big bad bot of the MCU will be back one day. the scene at the Washington Monument happens, and we see Peter running there in scene that summit house Sam and cap did at the start of the Winter. Soldier, okay, that's a Reacher, I admit. that's a reach. you got, you got me. pS, saves the group in the elevator. and we cut to Adrian watching a report of the scene on the news. clearly he knows his daughter is in Washington, so it seems really worried by it, which could be seen as a clue that liz is his daughter for him. we cut immediately to Liz's mom hugging Liz hinting at the connection between the two is definitely a reach. Peter gets detention and then runs out and goes to his locker before lifting them all up. we can actually see scrapes on the wall above them, showing that he's done this several times. he goes to interrogate Aaron, who mentions his nephew, who, as we know from the comic books, is Miles Morales. now there is a theory that Miles survived the snap, and that is gonna be brought into the MCU roughly about the same age as Peter, if not older. but keep your eyes peeled on whether that's true or not. on the ferry, Peter comes across Matt Gorgon, and we can see that Charon flags up that he is a scorpion tattoo on his neck. Gorgon and scorpion are one in the same. and I really hope that the little tease we got from Michael mono on Instagram means he's gonna be in the third Spidey movie. when fighting the group, Spidey also does the exact same role that capped it in Civil War, showing that the webhead learned it from him. I know we mentioned that in our Civil War video, but it's such a cool of V Taylor, I couldn't miss it out this breakdown, the ferry is torn apart, and Peter pulls it together in a move that's referenced in the opening of into the spider verse, the passengers are saved by Tony. and I have to say, I absolutely love this suit. the thing, it might be my favorite version. you know, I even spent $40 to get a funk of it, and it was just basically this, the Civil War suit, but repainted. anyway, make sure you join my patreon or wherever. now, peter gets his suit taken away. it's time to build a Death Star from earlier, and he actually seems a lot happier. he even does a handshake with Ned. that's the same one that miles does it during. into the spider-verse, he gets a date with Liz and goes to pick her up, which is when we discover that tooms is the vulture. tooms also discovers that Peter is spider-man. and this light bulb moment is subliminally handed out as the traffic light turns to green, when the penny drops after being dropped off Peter leaves the prom to stop him from robbing stock. happy discusses how they're loading the old Hulk Buster armor, something that would be replaced infinity war. and caps new shield, which we discovered an endgame at Tony had made for the character, even though they weren't really on speaking terms. Peter conference Adrian, and tomb says he's sorry before he brings the building crashing down on his head. this moment is important because the sari catches Peter off guard and almost leads to him being killed. Peter clearly learned from this, as in far from home Mysterio says it to him before he tries to kill a character. but Peter manages to stop it. Toombs also takes out the structural joints. as we previously know, he worked in construction, so he would know how to do this in order to bring the building down. Peter sees his reflection in the water with half the mask and his face, which is iconography that's followed the webhead throughout his rich history. he also lifts the rubble, similar to how the character did in the comic. the final chapter, Peter stops the vulture from rubbing the plane and whenever I watch this, I always think that they might have ripped off the Batman scene and rebirth, when the Dark Knight had to stop one from crashing into Gotham. I don't know if that's a definite, but it always pops into my head. so I had to mention it when doing this breakdown. when tooms is impactful of arc reactors, perhaps suggesting that stock is built more suits since destroying them. in Iron Man 3, Peter saves vulture, and thus he decides to not rat them out to scorpion, but lives in a family are forced to move away, and Tony takes Peter upstate. they mentioned how vision isn't big on doors, which is a nod to civil war. now we're diella. I've seen pointed out a fair bit is that pepper wears the same t-shirt in bed in Iron Man 3 as Peters in this film. and I do kind of wonder what's going on here. it's a very strange thing to put in your movie for a number of reasons. anyway, never mind. Peter turns down the iron spider suit, but it, of course, pops back up in infinity war. in order to make it so the press don't waste their time. Tony does a grand gesture and proposes to pepper. pepper is seen wearing this engagement ring and IW and the movie closes out with Aunt May discovering that Peter is spider-man. this reveal of his identity is mirrored at the end of far from home, when it's shown to the world, and he says, what the eff, just like how Aunt May does. here a post-credits scene that happens with the vulture and scorpion meeting in prison, potentially teasing the sinister six who. and that's our list. thank you for sticking around until the end. sometimes your patience isn't rewarded, but I hope it was this time. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the breakdown. and if we missed anything that should have made the list, comment below and let us know. and make sure you check out our analysis of into the spider verse, which talks about all of the best Easter eggs in the movie. it's one of our greatest videos ever. so I definitely recommend that you check it out after this. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you, and I said thank you. you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep a date with the channel. so hopefully we see over there very soon. [Music]. 