after the mysterious suicide of a nun at the Karla monastery, priest Father Burke a new practice, and nun sister Irene are sent to investigate. arriving at the monastery, the two discovers some unorthodox things about the worshippers there that hint at the fact that all is not what it seems. none of the brothers or sisters appear to be upset by the suicide and reassured the duo that she now serves at the hand of the master. this startles the pair. as Catholics tend to believe that suicide is a mortal sin, and one that dooms a person who commits it to hell. they learned from a mysterious man named the Duke, who is the deceased nuns father, that his daughter will someday rule with the power beyond mortals. other strange things about the location are the fact that the worshippers all practice from a non-standard prayer book and carry a strange device with them at all times. in addition to this, there's also a strange nun that stalks sister Irene as she delves deeper into her investigation. and it warns her the coming catastrophe. tensions heightened as Burke and Irene learn that the villages next at the monastery believed that it is, in fact a cult led by the Duke that practices are summoning demons. with the help of a local man known as Frenchie, the three managed to steal the devices that the initiates carry and discover that, using them, they are able to control demons. using their new abilities, they managed to battle to the top of the monastery, where they discover the Duke performing a ritual. the Duke explains that God is planning to punish humanity, and that we would be defenseless to stop him. in order to stand a chance, he and his followers have been attempting to summon forth a warrior for mankind known as his majesty. the nun who committed suicide had succeeded in bringing forth Malik, His Majesty's most powerful servant, and phthalic has came here to set the stage for the main act. a fight ensues in which the Duke is killed with a shotgun by Frenchie, and balance manifests and betrays his majesty by stabbing her master in the back, literally Dalek absorbs his powers and becomes the none that we know and love today. left with no other choice, the surviving trio decide to make a Blood Pact with Valek. and this is because they can no longer find salvation or redemption from the church and are fearful of God's vengeance. joining with the demon is the only choice that they have. and though it may cost them their souls, they will survive. a prequel based around a character that appears later in the series was never going to have a scene in which they would have feit it. but even so, the nun still managed to surprise me with its ending. we will all be tempted with evil at some point in our lives, and I enjoyed the fact that the film managed to subvert my expectations and have the heroes slowly turned into the things that they hated the most. this shows, perhaps, that their faith was not as in shaking as they would believe. and the movie as a whole can be used as a metaphor for temptation. it's a smart move to steep a film set in a monastery as a metaphor for the Battle of good and evil. and I love watching the characters become completely tempted by evil at the film's close. this highlights just how strong the demon Ballack is and how she was able to control people in the conjuring series. it's a nice twist that doesn't ruin the films that preceded it, as prequels often do. and I think the film definitely is worth checking out if you're a fan of the series. so what did you think of the nun? how would you rank it amongst the rest of the series, and what would you like to see next? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film. recently I discussed the ending of Jack Ryan season 1, so make sure you check that video out next, linked at the end of this one. again, thanks for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 