Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2017 Australian post-apocalyptic horror drama film called 'Cargo'. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Andy Rose, his wife Kay, and their baby Rosie are floating down a river on a houseboat in rural Australia in a world recently overrun by a virus that turns people rabid in 48 hours. Kay recommends coming ashore and foraging for food in the closest town due to a lack of government supplies, but Andy disagrees, claiming that it would be better to stay on the river until they reach their objective, a fabled haven. Andy explores an abandoned sailboat alone the next day and recovers some supplies, but he hurriedly departs when it becomes clear that there is someone else on board. Andy shows Kay his collection but fails to warn her about the risk, and she gets bitten by a rabid human when she goes out to gather more. When Andy discovers Kay bandaging the bite wound, he urges that she be sent to the hospital since she will bleed out long before succumbing to the infection. The Rose family disembarks, jumpstarts an abandoned automobile, and drives toward a major town, but they swerve to miss an Aboriginal man standing in the road and crash. Andy faints after Kay is impaled; when he wakes up, Kay has already transformed and is biting him. Andy takes Rosie out of the car and begins to fight the man, who has also transformed, but a girl called Thoomi enters and explains that the man is Willie Bell, Andy's father. Because the Aboriginals have been murdering and burning the sick, Thoomi has been concealing Willie from her mother, Josie, and the rest of her society. She believes her father can be saved by having a shaman restore his soul. Andy arrives in town, but it is more smaller and desolate than he had anticipated, save for Etta, a schoolteacher who will look after him and Rosie for the night. Etta says that all of her pupils and their families, the majority of whom are Aboriginals, have abandoned contemporary trappings in favour of the traditional traditions, and advises Andy to conceal his bite mark. After his first seizure from the illness, Andy wakes up later than expected the next morning. When Andy and Rosie leave, Etta shows them a photograph of Thoomi and her parents and instructs Andy to locate them and leave Rosie with them. Vic brings Andy to his refuge and meets Lorraine, whom Andy believes is Vic's wife, after Andy frees a man called Vic who is stuck beneath some gas cylinders. Vic puts healthy individuals in cages as bait, one of whom is Thoomi, to entice the infected out so he may shoot them, Andy discovers. Andy tries suicide that night, assuming Vic and Lorraine will look after Rosie, but Lorraine intervenes and confesses that she is not Vic's wife, but his hostage, and Vic murdered her actual husband. Vic finds them and knocks Andy unconscious, putting him in the same cell as Thoomi. They assist each other escape by pulling open their cage with the combined might of numerous infected; they return to the refuge and meet Lorraine and Rosie. Vic fires at them as they flee, killing Lorraine accidentally. Andy irritates Thoomi the next morning when he informs her that he and her father would not get along. She dashes to the location where she had been hiding her father, only to learn that her people had already located and imprisoned Willie. Thoomi is distraught at first, blaming Andy for the delay, but when she hears Rosie weeping, she relents and rejoins him. They proceed by motorboat to a campground where Andy had previously seen another family, only to discover that the father has been bitten and intends to kill his family and himself with a pistol. Andy is instructed by his father to use the gun's final two rounds on himself and Rosie. When the family is dead, Andy picks up the gun and considers committing himself, but Thoomi intervenes. They then become aware of smoke in the area and proceed to investigate. Vic resurfaces as the trio passes through a railway tunnel. While Andy and Vic fight, Thoomi hides with Rosie inside a parked truck on the tracks. Vic gets to take the handgun and shoot Andy during the scuffle, then goes for Thoomi and Rosie. When Andy awakens, he discovers Vic cuddling Rosie and sobbing over Lorraine's death. Vic gives Rosie to Andy in a calm manner, allowing them and Thoomi to go. Andy later succumbs to the infection's last stages. Andy urges Thoomi to watch after Rosie as his time runs out. He and Thoomi bind his hands and prepare a piece of flesh on a pole for Thoomi to use as bait after he has transformed. Thoomi uses Andy to safely carry her and Rosie on his back in this manner. They finally track down an Aboriginal warrior group, which includes Thoomi's mother, who recognises Thoomi's whistle. Thoomi enables a warrior to put Andy out of his suffering now that she is reunited with her people and Rosie is safe. The group subsequently returns to a remote forest camp, where Thoomi and Josie examine Rosie for injuries and discover Andy has painted 'Thank You' on her tummy. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 