so there's a new movie called acrimony, bitterness, anger, rancor ISM. and it's the newest Tyler Perry movie. announcer ah GP ensign straight-up becomes a Batman villain, and is one of the most baffling endings that makes it all pulpy stre video future's looking for some drama. let me explain. so Melinda's in college when she super smashes into childish gambino, meets famous Jett Jackson over here. and in order to apologize, the man decides to start helping her study, since this chick's failing in all of her classes. now the big thing that the movie deals with is this, is the guy using her or not? and I'll be honest, I think he's putting in the work. problem is is that my dude here lives in the trailer from a bug's life. and since Melinda's mom just passed away, since she just got three hundred and fifty thousand dollars in life insurance, her sisters see him as being manipulative, especially when this girl buys him twenty four thousand dollar car. Robert also goes all m.i.a after getting his whip. and Melinda, while she, you know, is a pushover, is also a wreck it Ralph jr. since when she catches him cheating, she straight-up smashes his RV, strangers to style, tilts it over. and while I guess Robert learns his lesson bambam over here, also busts her ovaries and how she can't even have kids. does this give Robert a bad look? yeah. but Melinda still marries the dude. girl pays is remaining seventy three thousand dollars in tuition. and since he's been building this rechargeable battery, she ends up with thirty seven thousand dollars in house repairs for the electricity as damages there supplies. by the end of the first year, they've wasted all the money. after eighteen years, my dude still can't recharge the battery or his marriage, and he struggles keeping any job since. if I got to mention to his wife that, uh, he had a felony charge when he was fifteen, but he was quick to say, I do. it isn't until the company that he's been pitching for like two decades finally hires a new boss that he has the chance to make it in since it ends up being the chick from the RV that he smashed. of course, when Melinda's nosy sisters find out that he's meeting with her, of a snitch, Melinda goes all Sean Penn in Mystic River on him and divorces to do without giving him a chance to defend himself. the next month, the man strikes a seventy five million dollar deal with the rights to his battery. now at this point at my screening, all the women were pretty much rooting for her. they were her side. while me and, like the one of the dude was watching this movie, we're standing in solidarity with Robert since, you know, he's that male individual who pulled through what his promise cuz when you really think about it, if he had never cheated with his girl, if it would have never planted his seeds for the harvest, he would have never had the literal in with the boss. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. but for real, though, Robert ain't perfect. he made mistakes, but he was never slumming it around like they made it out to be, right that he was using her for those eighteen years, because he was putting in the work. and that's why, at the end, he secures the Christmas sighs back on top of that, even after you was dumped in a divorce, even after all of that, he still goes to Melinda, who hits him with that Swift we ain't never ever getting back together. and yet he still gives her a ten million dollar check, living or going. on top of that, he repurchases her mother's home, apologizes that it took so long to fulfill the dream and even buys her flowers before saying, Godspeed. um. peace out. at this point, the movie changes titles four more times as Melinda goes freakin insane because Roberts moved on and is marrying our vivas girl. so Melinda is literally Facebook stalking them, following them around, demanding a hundred and fifty million dollars in emotional repercussions, breaking, batting the wedding dress with hydrochloric acid. and when she finds out, when she finds out that the nunu is having the baby she never could, she goes full proud Marion, ends up on their honeymoon yacht, ready that John wit the place. she puts on the wife's dress, which I don't know how that happen. Titanic themselves off shoots Robert, all right. before she Lizzie Borden's him, she gets dragged by an anchor to the bottom of the sea where she dies, right where all of the other memes live. and the movie just sends like, it literally just cuts to a black screen and credits. but I guess the lesson is to never deal with acrimony, bitterness, anger, rancor, resentment. thank you guys checking out this videos. always let me know your thoughts down below. this was one that I had almost misspent on my agar. I gotta go watch this. a new Tyler Perry movie. it must be juicy. it must be obviously not the best script out there, but something that makes you just go, oh, why are you watching it? so I'm curious to know your thoughts. let me know down below in the comment section, what you thought about this, what other ones you want me to cover. and until then, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a rechargeable battery 