listen, you guys have seen - let me explain videos. you guys have seen the light. you explain videos when I asked like a Twitter question and stuff. but I'm thinking of starting to settle. let us explain series. so pretty much, I'm gonna have someone who I really like, someone whose work I admire, had them on the show, and we're gonna be breaking down stuff on on what is technically a movie Monday. this is a TV show, and it's a specific TV show tailored to my boy right here, God friended me. now, I actually learned about this show because Kevin talked about it on his channel. Kevin, if you want to introduce yourself and introduce the show as well? oh yeah, cuz I know so much about it. well, my name is Kevin. you already introduced me. so, yeah, I just review Christian movies and sometimes other kinds of movies, and and that's, that's it. it's just big ol long reviews that they're good, though, they're good. yeah. this is a CBS series called God friended me about this dude who's an atheist, of course. and, of course. and he checks his phone in and God send him a friend request. so if you're watching this look on Facebook. that's right, kids, Facebook still exists. for those of you who have like killed facebook off and are on Twitter, Facebook is a thing. I think. I feel like we should explain Facebook for the generation who's only on Instagram. yeah, cuz I had a conversation with someone and they're like, nah, brah, we don't use Facebook. Facebook's dead. like that's where grandma is. yeah, that's where everyone just argues about politics. we're over here on Twitter where. well, I guess they still are. you all do that? yeah. but like I said, this is gonna be the whole live stream on it. so shout-out for those of you guys who are watching it on the live stream for free. for the rest of you who are on patreon, big shout out to you guys. like I said, this is a patreon exclusive that I'm trying to do over there monthly. so your recommendations on any shows or who you want to have on, definitely let me know. and all of them are going to be cut up. so this is 40 minutes. I'll obviously let me explain. it's all about trimming it down. so we're gonna have the highlights of this up later on. but if you will, Kevin, run it down, three, two, one. so you're listening to him say, I thought I had it all figured out, and it changed my life. yeah. this whole melting pot, as he's saying, right here, there is no God at that's okay. have you noticed that? I know you've covered stuff like, when you, when you did that, that other Kevin Sorbo movie, really, every Kevin Sorbo movie. yeah, let there be light. you might relate your face atheist. yeah, yes. to come out and just like remind you that he's an atheist and that it's the true religion and all this other stuff, like subtlety. I feel like when you go to like, Christian school 101, it's like, yes, I don't see, you could leave that at the door. I feel free to come in. yeah. it's interesting how, I always think it's interesting how Christians are so afraid of the subtle Satanist stuff put into movies, but yet they can't be subtle with their Christianity in their own movies. yeah, but that would be ridiculous. oh, yeah. 2 Chainz. alright. so there we go. got friended him. Wow. they get right into it. it sent him again. you know, I actually had that one time I had a buddy, his name was his sous right? right? so, back in the, yeah, back in the day, you used to get like an email, yeah. and that email would say something like, is so-and-so like friended you on Facebook? so I get this even I thought I was fun time to scrolling through it, right? and it says, Jesus has sent you a friend request. I thought it was the funniest thing in the world. and years later, there's a show on this. they stole that idea from you. you should sue them. it's already in the works. like, I can, I wish I could speak more about it, but we go to court. this is like 10 episodes long. if he's just doing a Good Samaritan thing, then, I mean, that's when, that's what early edition was, like, he would get the, do you remember that show? no, explain to me maybe. I remember. he would get tomorrow's newspaper today, and it would, you know, you know how in back to the future where, like, the picture changes whenever, like, he's like, oh, no, I'm so that's how it works. so he'd look at the newspaper to see if, like, the fire is still gonna happen, and he's like, oh, crap. the fire is still gonna happen. I didn't stop it. so he has to. it's like constantly back to the future - oh, that's interesting. see, I know that show, but it's called death. so Raven. and she goes into bigger shenanigans. what the cloud? god uploaded his picture to the cloud. get it? I like it. I like, hope. yeah. I like how God doesn't get the message. oh, that was so dumb. I just got that the picture of God's profile was that exact cloud. yeah. how could he know? look, it's a burning bush. who is John dove? I never when I get a friend request say out loud, there is. oh, my god friended me, suggested by God, I swear to you. you know what I'm just thinking of. I don't know if you had mentioned this. do you remember that nickelback video? of course, which one? the nickel bag video where the guy would see everybody's time counting down, and you would have to stop them before the time stopped. this is that? this is that right? as a CBS series? oh, great. you know, yeah. by the Train and John, they're gonna replace his brain with with John Goodman's brain. John do Broad Street instead. there's busy people going to Jamaica Center. come on. Oh, like, oh, he said, somebody stop that guy. well, he's the one looking at him. fine, I'll do it. I'll stop him now. should be his turn now. he should be getting the friend request and pay it forward. mm-hmm, yeah. and the Nickelback save me starts playing right here as God friend of me comes out. oh, look, the look of all of these shows, like Supergirl looks like this. yeah, I don't know what it is, it's the color palette, I think. is that they have 20,000 lights just blaring through everything. yeah. shadows do not exist. and it's always some mean boss who calls you to the office, yeah, to say, look, we need to redo the magazine. Ugly Betty. same show as Supergirl. oh, that's the girl that we just saw, right? until working in the same office. no, they're just exactly the same, the same. okay, what? you just approached her, right? glad you didn't grow with social media. ah, kids, that's good. people, they don't know. but, I mean, we have social media. they had, like, what? the Cold War? yeah, different times. yeah. just be glad you were drafted. you're going through social media. it's a cyber bullying, like optic. we were forced by our government to put ourselves in front of bullets. you never know what it's levar understand. cyber cyber friend requests from someone pretending to be God. what? he shows up. this is another thing about these bubbly TV shows, they just in real life. in real life, he would get the police called on him for, like, stalking this girl. yeah. he knows he could just ignore it, right? well, he clicked ignore, but then it's still cool. have you never gotten notifications that just keep popping up? yeah, like, I have a Mac. it tells me to update it every hour. I'm not gonna throw my Mac away. I'm just gonna ignore it. I mean, I wouldn't say that I'm RELIGIOUS, but, yeah, I am spiritual. oh, here we go. here we go. you mean the biggest cop-out in all of religion? ooh, well, that is a very Hollywood answer. every actor I've ever talked to who is interviewed way more actors about this stuff than yeah, like, yeah, I'm a very spiritual person that they don't want to that's the one thing to say to make Christians realize, oh, no, you're not. one of us, it's like a dog whistle. yeah, yeah, now they're gonna go to hell. guys like that's gonna unfriend them. yeah, wait, God blocked me. Oh, blocked me from heaven. oh, this is God's, it's my father's house, stuff. we're gonna get copyrighted. I'll wind. you always know, God or some spiritual thing is around whenever there's wind, when Mother Nature. yeah. so that's the funniest thing about that too. and like, I'm sure you you come across a bunch of stuff dealing with that as well. when, when spiritual people, yeah, ask for a sign, right? and it sometimes is the most redundant sign in the world. yeah. well, an example. oh, yeah, yeah. let me know. so it's like, my brother wanted to do something. it was the funniest thing, he was, like, he wanted to do something, but he said he was only gonna do it if God gave him a sign. and the sign that he needed, as he was watching the Cubs game, was that the Cubs had to hit a home run. if the Cubs hit a home run when they're down, statistically, it's not possible, then he would do it. out. let me get this straight. so you want it to be a win-win scenario where the sides also got to be something that benefits, that you need it. I'll do it if God gives me a billion dollars, I'll do it, God bit like, you gotta meet me halfway, bro. I love how she's just game with it. yeah. she's just going with him. it has not been 24 hours since she's met this dude. they're still wearing the same clothes. he's still got that bomber on. he's like, why are you leaving? well, because I literally don't know you at all. and you this, you're saying that god, this is all weird. this is so this is his dad. I love how in movies it's always the oldest church to ever exist. I'm also amazed at how often pastors hang out in the sanctuary. mm-hmm. now you think you'd just do it at home? yeah. it's like, oh, I'm gonna go to the church cuz they'll definitely be there. like, yeah, well, I mean, like when that, when the, when the location scout got the sanctuary, we gonna use the same that's what they said it God's not dead. - mm-hmm. they're taking away people's hope. well, what if it's false hope? and that was a whole debate, especially in the third one, guy's not dead three, which I'm the biggest fan of. yeah, that whole debate that happens between the two brothers, I thought it was better. I thought it was the best of the three. yeah. I gave it a pretty positive review. like, I think it's top five of the year easily. you know what I'm saying. like, I hope it goes off The Criterion Collection of Congress. it's in the top three. God's not dead movies. he's stupid. what? wait, uh-oh. so the lady who they found the picture of, who was in the hospital, that's why he left. that's why she's like, I gotta go. this is getting too weird. this is a point in which this has gotten weird. yeah. this is the whole teaser trailer thing, everything that's happening here, this is like the story line that they summed up. so you're telling me is that we wasted 40 minutes where we could have just needed this in five minutes. yeah, and just hop down to episode two. okay, but how did she, how did he find she's up on a rooftop. that's where he asked the location scout, hey, hey, where's she yet? well, we got this really good roof. so she doesn't know that this girl comes and looks at and stares at her every day. he's got like a huge side he's telling her what to say. yeah, you got this. you're my mom. wait a minute. oh, it's coming. staunton. don't you hate that when you go to like, the park and your kid, your kid you haven't seen in like, 20 years, is sitting right next to you? like, what a buzzkill. That moment when, Oh, oops. awkward. That awkward moment when you can roast your mom, who hasn't talked to you at years, at that your sister who you never knew, the one, the one she did stay with, the fierce yeah, man, that's always so awkward. oh, no, you gotta stop. you know, I was disappointed. I've been to New York twice in the past year. never saw anyone get run over like this. man. it's ridiculous. every movie I see there's always someone who gets run over in New York. yeah. oh, my gosh. I'm a doctor. I specialize in people who just got hit by a car after I saw, God's not that one. I realized that my profession, I'd better learn how to do this. I might win. doesn't he? know when you see a person who's got run over by a car, the first thing you're supposed to ask him is, have you accepted Jesus Christ into your heart? has he not seen any of you really die today? I heard that they, they added the rain so that so that David AR White would look more realistic. oh yeah, they added the rain. and yet there's the cafe in the background, and they're dry as can be. feel like I just got ran over by car. oh yeah. I would have left you. eighth graders are the worst Nazi Bo Burnham's movie, I went a little after a minute. see, there's this, there's this contradiction in Christian media where like, if if it does well, God has blessed it. but if it does poorly, its persecution, yes, people don't want hit it talked about. it so sick. it's kind of a win-win. but also, like, if your movie does well, then, well, then where's the persecution complex? yes, a peg Church. yeah, like every seat is filled except is it's all reserved seating numbers for AMC yeah, this is the only thing you can go to with movie pass now, $9.99 a month, but unlimited services on Saturday Church. well, okay, is that good? you guys okay with that? well, except, you know, when we got peak pricey because, you know, some messages are like, really good. if it's a real fire and brimstone, yes, it's then Joel Osteen says, that's an extra $5 per ticket. just gotta let you know there. hey, you listen to my podcast? that's, that's the greatest line in TV. has you watch my youtube channel, goop? so they're together now. I mean, they're practically married in God's eyes. yeah. so when can I see you again? uh, when God contacts you directly, when God sends you a message. oh, I don't want to be your friend until you get a sign from God. did you see that? it's another chick moving on to the next one. wow, that was God. didn't take love into account on that one. yeah. God's got treating him like Solomon. man's moving on from one woman to the next. well, that was God friended me. for those of you guys for watching this in the future on patreon. for those of you guys were watching live. shout out to you guys for watching life. these are something that we want to do on a, like, a monthly basis. I figured the gods on front, or God, I keep saying God on friended me, because I just think of the movie, but it's got rented, God friended me. that'd be bogus. have God if that should be the, that should be the actual atheist version, got unfriended me, where he's conflating Christianity with the people with God, you know, like, think you're not the same. it could be a spinoff. yeah, fear that God unfriended me, or something like that. an AMC, I don't know what it is, but fear. fear the friend requests 