no one will listen. you know that there was only one way to stop him. we have to kill him. what's up everybody. welcome back. Greg and Ryan here for another breakdown of American Horror Story cult. but before we break down episode 6 of American Horror Story cult, be sure to subscribe, because we break down episodes of Star Trek, Discovery, the flash and mr. robot. as always, guys, thank you so much for your support. this episode is titled Midwestern assassin. so be careful, there are spoilers ahead. alright, let's jump in. let's do it now. depending upon where you watch the episode, either on TV, on demand or streaming through effects, the opening was actually recut due to the recent tragedy in Las Vegas. the re-edited opening was 45 seconds shorter and avoided showing anyone actually getting shot on camera. everyone else watched a version that showed at least three people getting shot on screen. alright, Greg, so you and I watched both versions of this episode, and we both thought it was a good idea for the producers to change this opening. yeah, it was out of respect for the families and friends involved in this it was a good idea from the switch it this week. yeah, a little too traumatic of an opening sequence for viewers to see, especially right after that horrific tragedy in Las Vegas. so good job, producers. Ryan Murphy, good job. let's jump in the deficit. yeah. okay, so let's jump into the episode a little deeper, and let's look at the first thing. number one would have to be meadow and KY, the relationship. yeah, we learned a lot more on the backs right between these two. we learned how much KY has used her the relationship that she thought she was in. she thought she was in love. but guys, we know Chi can manipulate basically anyone. she was making the masks, at least the designs for the masks, and she helps KY pull off one of his greatest stunts or plans in the entire season. but to me, you're everything. you're the only one who sees me. yeah. so last week I said there may be a long con here with meadow and Ally, just because the way that scene was set up, yeah. and we got it for halfway through it. I thought, maybe, no, maybe this, she is actually on her side at some point. but nope, they detoured that pretty quickly. and, yeah, it was a long con with Kai the whole time, just for an assassination attempt. yeah, you were totally right that she was in on it the whole time that she let out a pretend think that she was, you know, on her side. but, uh, Kai had bigger plans. I know I've asked a lot, but a larva bee has to shed its skin to become the queen. it can be painful, but the dark must prevail to bring forth the light. okay, so on the flip side of that, he says that line to everybody. we find out later on it's [ __ ] yeah. so meadow thinks that she's in love, thinks that he loves her, but, you know, these people don't mean anything to him. they are just tools in his endgame, trying to, you know, cause mass hysteria. and he's very good at manipulating those around him in order to take advantage of their weakness. cult leader, you used the word cult. you said my wife was involved. she is next up. we find out that ivy was not in the cult when she and winter tied up. Gary Longstreet, yeah, we were unsure about this. we didn't know if she was already on Kai's side. but we find out that she was. then the day after introduced to Kai, she was actually freaking out that she was gonna go to jail, that Gary would go to the cops. but winter ensures her that everything will be okay, that her brother can take care of anything. mari can. yeah, it just still ivy, she's such ridiculous. it was about Jill Stein, not only Jill Stein, but about Ali's, you know, carrying the baby, going through the pregnancy, and kind of IV feeling as an outsider in her own home. you would think if you're unhappy and in a relationship, you would just ask for a divorce and, you know, go your separate ways. clearly, Ivey just wants to join a cult and drive her ex-wife, soon-to-be ex-wife, into hysteria. alright, so gary cuts his arm off. that's the first red flag. yeah. second one, you get the satanic murder of Bob. at this point, if you're ivy and you're in that mask, you're thinking to yourself, you know, maybe I should just got a divorce lawyer or something. at this point, now she's trapped. she's stuck. yeah. I mean, she could have just got a lawyer, maybe even some like couples therapy before this, but join the cult. that's like way on the list that any normal human being should, should be thinking of. and on that same note, with Kai, he treats everyone like [ __ ]. and I mean everyone. so his sister - she's a tool in this whole thing. yeah. he's offering up his sister winter to Ivy to make her happy, to met, basically, to appease her to join the cult. no one, no one matters to this guy. he's playing a game in his own head right now with every character. yeah. and then we learned also that basically the entire, whatever, the everything that's gone down in Ali's life is just to make her insane. and so that no court would ever give her full custody of Ozzy, and that ivy would have him. and basically that's, that's her admission into the in the cult. you know, he can, he can give that to her. well, I want just to have to make sure no court ever grants her custody. next up, we were introduced to a new character, Sally Kevlar. she didn't last long. no, yeah. you knew, right after that appearance in the courthouse that when she challenged him in front of everybody. you knew that was not gonna end well for her. know, people like mr. Anderson and Trump are not the garbage. they are the Flies that the garbage has drawn. she spoke the truth. so obviously she wasn't gonna last long. so Ally gets a friend, finally. for only two minutes into the episode, she explains everything to Sally. what's going on? I'm just shaking my head at home, going up. here we go. she's telling her every line. yeah, who's in Nicole, what's going on? and then when she believes her, I'm like, okay, well, the horse in 101, she's a goner. and quickly everything changed on her. yeah. the entire clown crew shows up, and they basically want to make it look like a suicide. and one of the big takeaways from this whole sequence was the fact that Ali noticed that Ivey was behind one of those masks. by the way, that mask was pretty dope, the one that was back in time. what the hell? yeah, that's awesome. um. and that not only that, that IV let her live, that didn't didn't give away her, her location to any of their clowns. because I have a feeling that if Kai saw her over there, something bad would have happened, it would have been over. yeah, they don't need her at this point anymore. she he knows it's only a tool for ivy to keep her going with him, exactly. I mean, he's already brought up the idea to ivy of murdering her, and they could probably do it and make it look like it was an accident and never get caught. so Ivy, you know, she might redeem herself. she may be Ali's only saving grace at the end. here, guys, time for Greg's favorite part of this segment. it's clown counter. but this might be the last week. if they don't introduce any more new clowns, then, you know, we're gonna stop this, because I don't want to scare you off too much. seven clowns, seven clowns all showed up at Sally's and the murderer. also, quick sidenote on these clowns, when Allie sneaks by, detective Samuels and Harrison screwing, yep, to go get meadow. that brings us back to the first episode. so that means these two are bees too. and there it is, folks, boo. now, this show is packed with a ton of great lines, but what was your favorite from episode 6? oh, it's gotta be from one of my personal favorite characters in the show, meadow. Oh, cappuccino. did you just be quiet, please? looks like that's gonna be the last one we get from her, unless there's some flashbacks, which I'm not hey, I don't doubt there may be some more scenes with Meadow in the future with flashbacks. we'll see ya. speaking of cappuccino, how good is a coffee at this restaurant? didn't Sally also say something about the coffee? she think they did. they I want to go check out this coffee shop. that not the coffee they have there this restaurant. my favorite line was actually in exchange between Sally and Chi right before he killed her. already getting some likes. no one's gonna believe any of that. mmm, of course they will. it's on Facebook. No. so I'm telling you, the Nazis did go to the moon. all right, Facebook tells us right here. my god. I had no idea. yes. time now to discuss who won the episode. I think this is a no-brainer. it's Chi. oh yeah. the man planned his own assassination attempt and it succeeded. yeah, you can't top that. and he got rid of all this competition in the political race. he is just flexing his power amongst all his followers. yep. he's still driving the public into mass hysteria and fear. who can stop Chi? nobody. and they everything was recorded on camera, but remember, it was Beverly's camera that was recording. so even that alley has no one to go to for help right now, not a single person. she's okay, so we have one last question, and it's on dr. Benson. I'm convinced he's in the cult. yep. somehow he's still controlling things. but that scene with meadow, where he tells ally that meadow just left after the phone call she got from Kai, do you believe him? I think that he was, that was all made up, and that he was just telling that to Ally, and that what we saw between meadow and dr. Vincent didn't really happen that way. that was just for the audience to get this fake facade that he's on alleys side. you can keeping that in reality, he knows exactly Kai's plan. they're too close for him not to know. he gave her the last push, yes, to finish her goalie, yeah. so if Kai is kai is kind of setting everything up as best he can, and why not have his therapist, older brother, kind of do a little bit more of the last-minute pushing in order to, you know, pull the trigger? okay, okay, I can see this. I can see this any other questions that you have. but at the end of this, how far can this Colt go, honestly, at this point, before anyone catches on to what's going on right now? yeah, with Kai, I mean, it's so obvious at this point. everyone, Sally is now dead. the newscasters are getting off to one by one. anyone crosses Kai is gone. there's way too many bodies piling up around Kai and around the people that Kai hangs with. I mean, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out, you know, make the connection between some of these deaths. so, yeah, I agree with you. I mean, how how long will this go before someone comes in and can prove what's going on? or will Ali have to prove it? okay, one last thing. what pills are Chi popping early on the episode? we've seen that a few times in this lesson. I have no clue, guys. if you guys know, let us know in the comments below. let us know what you guys thought of the episode, when theories you might have for the rest of the season. we'll be back, of course, next week with episode 7, and hopefully no more clowns, right? please? no more clowns. see you guys. bye. bye. we need fresh blood. you need to trust me. men always push the women aside. can you count on you? I know what it means to assassinate a man, brought to you by the evil within, to the evil within. - available October 13th. 