welcome to the man of recaps. Walking Dead, Season 2 starts with a group leading the Atlanta area. they find themselves in a little traffic jam. now, short-haired girl Carol's got this daughter, Sophia, and want a walking herd of zombie shows up. they'll hide under the cars to hide. but Sophia is not so lucky. she gets spotted, so she has to run away. Rick does go. he finds her though, and he's like, hey, you stay here. I'm gonna go lead the zombies away. so he does that. he takes care of business, cloning, gets back, Sophia's gone. so Daryl's like a good tracker, so they go tracking her. they find this one zombie who ate something recent, Lisa. they check its stomach. they decide though, that it's just like a squirrel or something. so the search party continues. they find this, like, church where Shane talks to Lauri, and he's like, hey, I'm sorry I tried to kiss you last season, but, I mean, I still do want to bang you. anyway, they find this deer, and Carl gets shot. what? it's a hunting accident all and this hunters like, oh, man, we got a house over there. so they go to this farmhouse where Hershel lives. and luckily, he's a doctor, a veterinarian, but it's close enough. anyway, back on the highway, tdawg had cut himself, so he's got some blood poisoning. now needs antibiotics. luckily, Darryl's brother, Merle, the guy who got left on the roof, he had a bunch of Chlamydia meds, and I guess those work just as well. anyway, they need more medical stuff for Carl's operations, so they send Shane and the hunter down to the school to get some. but it's overrun by zombies. and they managed to sneak in and get some medical stuff, but on the way out, they're being chased, and shames like, huh? sorry, bro, shoots him in the leg. what cold-blooded Shane. he makes his escape while the zombies are eating him. and he gets back, he's like, uh, yeah. that other guy didn't make it. it was an accident. and then he shaves his head to reflect his new badass style. so they do the operation, and it goes fine. the kid survives. he gets a hat. now, the rest of the group comes up to the farm, and the guys like, look, you can't only stay here for a little bit, like, I can't host all of you. but then Rick makes an impassioned speech about letting em stay, and he agrees to let him stay. they go to the well to get some water, but it's like, no hood, drink that water. there's a zombie in the well. as they send agent did Glen down to go get him out. but it is a mishap, and he almost dies, but he's fine. but when they pull the zombie out, gross, the wells definitely contaminated. now, so farmer Herschel's got this hot daughter, Maggie, and she and Glen go into town to get some stuff. Lori gave dawn a special mission. they pick up a pregnancy test. scandalous. and he tries to hide it. when he catches her, he's I'm like, oh, it's just getting some condoms. and she's like, ah, I like a man who's forward. let's get it on. so Larry takes the pregnancy test. yes, she is pregnant. it's awkward because she was hooking up with Shane before, but she's been hooking up with Rick since, so she doesn't know who the baby is. so she takes him Plan B pills. but then she can't go through with it. she throws him up, and she's like, hey Rick, look, I'm pregnant. also, he was hooking up with Shane while I thought you were dead. and he's like, man, well, I guess I understand. you know, I was dead. anyway, the search continues for Sophia. they like, leave this note on the car and stuff, and they're looking around. Darrell finds her doll at one point. and he also, like, falls off his horse like an idiot and get stabbed by one of his own arrows. anyway, he's fine though. we pulled some Rambo stuff. he's okay. but when he comes back, he's all dirty, sort of looks like a zombie. so they shoot him, and Rios up on the roof there. and I luckily, she's a bad shot. she just grazed. he's okay. it's like, okay, everyone get some gun safety lessons and also some accuracy lessons. I entry is pretty good. so Shane takes her for the advanced course, but you can't hit a moving target. but later, she's out with him, and she gets to manages to do it. and so that I she's like, oh, man, that actually turns me on. so she and Shane hook up. speaking of hooking up, Maggie's like, hey Glen, let's get it on later. he's like, yeah, girl, meet me in the bar and after dark. but unfortunately it's infested with zombies. what she's like, yeah, the barns actually a really bad place. so Glen tells the group that Herschel's hiding zombies in his barn, which makes Maggie mad because he couldn't keep her secret. but she forgives him in like five seconds. now, the rest of the group wants to go in and kill the zombies, but Rick's like, hold on, let me talk to her shal, this is his house. and Hurst is like, yeah, these people are just sick. I'll take care of my like to go find him in the river and bring them back so, you know, eventually you can cure him. Shane wants to kill the zombies anyway, because he believes security's most important in Rick's like, no, we should respect our hosts wishes. and this old guys like, kill Shane. I don't trust you at all. so he goes to hide the guns in the woods, but Shane tracks him down, and he's like, hey, old man, give me these guns. they have sort of a standoff, but he's like, what? you're gonna shoot me it's like, no, I'm not gonna shoot you, Shane. so she's like, all right, I've got the guns. we're killing the zombies. and these two get back just then with some new ones. and change like, nope, this is not happening. we're gonna just kill him. he opens up the barn and they shoot them all down. and Sophie is in there too. she was a zombie this whole time, and that makes her mom really sad. and Rick's like, well, I guess we got to put her down. boom. Hershel super sad because some of the zombies were his family and friends. and he remembers he has a drinking problem. he goes down to the bar in town, and rick has to come and get him. but then these two random guys from Philly show up, and they're real cool for a few minutes, but as tends to happen, things get awkward, and they have to have a shootout. Rick is the best dose of he wins. and then their friends come and it's like, hey, I'm sorry. we had to kill your friends. so they start shooting at them - who's one kid was on the roof, but he like, hurts his leg on the way down, so his friends leave him behind. Rick's like, hey, we can't just leave you here, are we gonna get your leg off the thing and bring you home. so they bring them home. they fix his leg. they decide they're gonna drive him out somewhere and leave them because they can't, like, you know, trust him to happy in their group. but then he's like, you know, guys, honestly, if you leave me here, you're just killing me. and Shane's like, yeah, you're right. we should just shoot you in the head right now. and Rick's like, no, we've already talked about this. ah. now, Shane's still been hitting on Lauri every chance he gets, and Rick had to be like, yo, bro, stop hitting on my wife. so finally the emotions bubble up, and these two fight it out. but then some zombies come, and Rick pulls out dimly from Lord of the Rings where they'll fall top of him. and then Shane runs into the school bus, but he's trapped in there. he's totally dead. and this gets like, yo, cleric, let's just leave him. and Rick's like, fine. we'll get out of here. and she's like, no, Rick, you were my best friend. but then Rick comes back to save him. he shoots the zombies and they'll, he grabs him, and they get out of there. Rick's like, okay, we fought it out, man. we cool now. and she's like, yeah, we're cool. meanwhile, Herschel's got another hot daughter named Beth, and she's super depressed, so she tries to kill herself. luckily, her sister finds her in time, and she like stalks her and just staying alive. anyway, Rick's like, yeah, Shane's right. we probably got to kill this kid for our own safety. and this old dudes like, hey, let's at least have a vote on it. so they have a little vote, and old dude makes an impassioned speech about retaining the morality, but it falls on deaf ears. everyone's like, yeah, let's just kill him. and so they're about to do it, but then Karl walks in. he's like, yeah, I do it, dad. and Rick's like, ah, man, I can't kill him in front my son. so it's like, hey, we're not gonna kill him. let's tell the old ooo the good news. but old dude fines a zombie, and he gets attacked, died. he's totally dead. so Shangri is up to the prisoner and he releases him. he's like, I'm sick of this group. bring me to your group of badass dudes. and the kids like, yeah, that'll be cool. you can join us. it'll be fun. but then he goes behind the tree and snaps his neck. he smashes his face against the tree to make it look like they had a fight. he goes back to tuck off. prisoner escape. so they go to find him. they decide to split up. these two find the prisoner turned into a zombie. so they take him out, but it's like, ah, he has no bikes. that's weird. Shane brings Rick into this field in the middle of nowhere, and Rick's like, huh? we're about to have an old-fashioned duel, aren't we? but Rick's like, yo, bro, you were my best friend. I'm not gonna shoot you. I'm gonna stab you. oh yeah. he has to take that shame. he's like, I you have a best friend. why'd you make me do this? so Shane is dead. and then just then Karl comes super awkwardly and Shane comes back to life. what? so karl has to take him out. it's like he was a bit either. what's going on? and unfortunately, a herd of zombies was nearby. they hear the shot, so they're coming down to the farm. they're running around with guns now, shooting them. and Rick and Karla to hide in the barn. they like, loaded up with gasoline and dropped the match. they burn Ali's Ami's II. I take that. meanwhile, blonde daughter's mom gets eaten by zombies, and her boyfriend gets eaten. - sucks for her. and Hershel is like, oh, this is my farm. I'm gonna go down with the ship. but then it's like, no, it's crazy. come on with us. and the farm is totally overrun. Andrea gets left behind, though, so she has to fend for herself. she's doing okay for a while, until eventually she's not. but then slice, what a katana with. she's got zombies chained to her. who is this badass person? the rest of the group meets up back on the highway at Daryl's. like, hey, that guy back there didn't have a bite, but he turned anyway, what's going on? Rick has to share the secret that he's kept since the doctor at the CDC told him in season 1. everyone's infected. doesn't matter if you get bit or not, you still turned into a zombie when you die. so that's bad news. so the group's all arguing about what to do next, and Rick's like, hey, you know what? get out of here if you want, but if you're staying, this isn't a democracy anymore. it's a rick tater ship. and everyone seems generally okay that. and then it pans out there's a prison nearby, and that's how season two comes to an end. 