Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2019 Spanish social science fiction-horror film called 'The Platform'. The film was directed by Galder Gaztelu-Urrutia. The story is set in a large 'Vertical Self-Management Center' with a tower-like design. Residents, who are rotated every 30 days between the tower's numerous floors, are fed via a platform that starts at the top floor and progressively lowers down the levels, halting for a certain length of time on each. Because the inhabitants at the highest levels get to consume as much as they like, the system eventually leads to conflict, as each level only gets the leftovers from the preceding one. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Goreng awakens in a concrete cell with the number 48 written on it. Trimagasi, his cellmate, says that they are in a 'Vertical Self-Management Center,' also known as 'The Pit,' which is a tower-style facility where food is supplied by a platform that moves from the top down, pausing for a certain duration on each floor. Others on lower levels can only consume what those on higher levels leave, and if anybody tries to keep any of the food, the cell is heated or cooled to lethal temperatures. Every month, people are transferred to a new level at random. Goreng chose a book of Don Quixote, while Trimagasi chose a self-sharpening knife, since each tenant is permitted to bring in one item. Trimagasi claims that when he and his old cellmate were sent to level 132, they cannibalised a prisoner who had fallen down the shaft. Miharu, a wounded woman, rides down the platform one day. Trimagasi adds that every month, she descends the hole in pursuit of her child. Goreng volunteered to serve six months at the institution in return for a diploma, while Trimagasi reveals that he is serving a year in prison for manslaughter. The two become friends throughout the first month, but Goreng wakes up bound to his bed on the day of the room shuffle. They've been transferred to level 171, where when the platform comes, it'll be devoid of food. Trimagasi says that he intends to cut portions of Goreng's flesh to support them both, and that Goreng may survive if he is complicit. Trimagasi becomes weaker on the seventh day and begins severing Goreng's leg, but she is assaulted by Miharu as she descends the platform. Trimagasi is killed by Goreng after she frees him. Trimagasi's flesh is hacked out by Miharu, who feeds some to Goreng and eats some herself. She nurses Goreng, but when he inquires about her kid, she walks off the platform. Goreng is tormented by Trimagasi the night before the shuffle, who reveals that they are now one and the same and that Trimagasi would never leave him. Goreng awakens on level 33 with a woman named Imoguiri and her dog, Rameses the 2nd, in the third month. Goreng knows her as the officer from the Administration who interrogated him before incarcerating him. When she was diagnosed with terminal cancer, she claims she was ignorant of the appalling conditions and offered to help. Imoguiri limits her food and tries to persuade the guys on level 34 to do the same, but they are dismissive. Goreng threatens to poo on the meal if they do not comply after two weeks, and it succeeds. The two start arguing over persuasive techniques. When Miharu arrives injured one day, Goreng and Imoguiri tend to her. Goreng informs Imoguiri about Miharu's quest for her kid, but Imoguiri informs Goreng that minors under the age of 16 are not permitted to visit the facility, and Miharu entered alone. She also claims to be aware that there are a total of 200 levels. The next month, Goreng awakens on level 202 to discover Imoguiri had hung herself. Goreng, plagued by images of Trimagasi and Imoguiri, consumes her flesh to stay alive, hallucinating Trimagasi telling him to do so. Goreng gets promoted to level 6 at the start of the fifth month. Baharat, his new cellmate, tries unsuccessfully to escape by climbing to the top floor. Goreng encourages Baharat to ride the platform down with him, dividing the food so that everyone gets a part, estimating that there are 250 levels. They resolve to guard the food until they reach level 50, at which point they will begin to distribute it. One of the inmates, the wise Sr. Brambang, persuades the others to send a symbolic message to the government by leaving one dish unattended (a panna cotta). They dole out pieces to the inmates as they descend deeper, attacking any who refuse to participate. They come see Miharu battling two other convicts on the way and attempt to save her, but she is murdered and they are seriously damaged. Goreng and Baharat keep down until they reach level 333, where the platform comes to a halt. Goreng discovers a kid hiding beneath the bed, Miharu's daughter. He steps off the platform, cautiously followed by Baharat, only for the platform to descend, leaving them behind. They give the girl the untouched panna cotta they had preserved as a 'message' for the Administrators at the top, despite Baharat's reluctance. Goreng loses consciousness and has a dream in which Baharat tells him that 'the girl is the message.' Goreng discovers Baharat dead the next day, having bled out from his injuries. When the platform comes, Goreng takes the youngster with him. They make their way to the bottom of the hole, where he sees Trimagasi again, who assures him that 'the message requires no bearer.' Goreng exits the platform and walks away from Trimagasi, both turning to watch the girl rise to the platform's top. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 