welcome back to movies explained. today, we are looking at the 2019 movie bavarian. the opening scene depicts the parasitic life cycle of cuckoos, starting with a cuckoo depositing her egg in the nest of another bird. the cuckoo chick pushes the other baby birds out of the nest, and by the end, has grown noticeably larger than its surrogate mother, who continues feeding it. a schoolteacher, gemma, is making the kids pretend to be trees. she starts acting like a tree, and the kids follow her. the class ends, and gemma is heading out along with the children. she talks to a woman and then walks towards a girl staring at a dead little bird. the girl becomes sad on seeing the little bird dead. gemma tries to explain to her that it's nature and this is the way things work. the kid, molly, is called by her mother, and she leaves, telling gemma goodbye. tom, gemma's boyfriend, climbs down the tree and digs a small hole to bury the bird. he changes his shirt at gemma's request and leads to meet a real estate agent to find a new home for them. they enter the real estate office. while talking to each other about gemma's mother, the representative, martin welcomes them and makes an introduction with the two. martin tells gemma and tom about yonder and describes it as something that has everything to offer. he tells them of building a diverse community in yonder to make it a nice blend. when gemma asks martin about the location of yonder, he says it is near enough and is far enough, just a right distance. martin invites them to join him on tour to the yonder community. tom hesitates, but is convinced to go, while martin takes his keys and leads the way. they enjoy a song on their way. they enter yonder when tom says, let's get it over with. martin welcomes them and takes them to house number nine. he describes it as an ideal home and asks gemma and tom to have a look. he takes them to the kitchen, through the living room and presents them a bottle of champagne with a few strawberries, which they don't take. he then takes them to a kid's room painted blue, and asks the couple if they have any kids. gemma tells him that they don't have any children yet. martin escorts them to the back garden and sneaks out from behind. while they're checking it out. gemma asks a question and finds martin missing. so she goes back inside to find him. they find martin's car gone. tom says, let's get out of this place. they get in the car and start driving. they are talking about martin's weird behavior when they realize they are going around in a loop and keep ending up in front of house number nine. tom asks gemma to move over and starts driving, looking for a way out of yonder. they find no cell phone coverage in the area. they try again and again, but end up coming back to the same place. tom lights up a cigarette and stress gemma says, it goes on and on and on. after spending the whole day looking for a way out, the car runs out of gas, so they stop at house number nine and go inside. they get the bottle of wine out of the fridge along with the strawberries. they drink the wine and find it has no taste. the strawberries are also tasteless. they're trying to sleep in the room when gemma talks about the complete silence in the morning, tom climbs up to the house's roof and finds an endless row of identical houses. he says to gemma that they'll follow the sun, they'll jump over the fences and do whatever it takes to get out. they start moving on foot. this time, gemma and tom jump over fences, follow the sun and spend all day moving around, looking for a way out. tom stops to rest. when gemma spots light coming out of a house. they call out to see if anyone's there, and then enter the house. they realize it's the same house, number nine that they left in the morning. they find the empty champagne bottle and strawberries lying on the floor, just like they left them. they go outside and find a box. they open it and find some tasteless, vacuum-packed food. tommy comes angry, sets the house on fire and tells gemma that he's sending out a smoke signal. they both sit on the sidewalk and watch the house burn. when gemma and tom wake up, they find another box lying in front of them. gemma opens the box and finds a baby boy inside. she turns over the box, and it says, raise it and be released they look at the house and see that it's unaffected by the fire. they write the word help on the roof. gemma and tom are in their bed when the baby boy, who has turned into a kid, looks at them. he starts imitating them both. he starts screaming when gemma and tom give him some milk and cereal. gemma measures its height on day 98 and notices its rapid growth. the boy continues imitating them and runs around making a woof, woof sound. the boy calls gemma his mother. when she tells him, i am not your mother, and i don't know who is. the boy continues to act like a dog, making noises, moving around. all three of them follow the same routine every day. they give the boy some breakfast, have it themselves and leave the empty box outside. gemma says to tom that boy is always watching. tom tells gemma that it's not a boy. when she leaves to get some coffee for him, tom throws a cigarette on the grass. when it clears the patch, he starts digging. gemma joins him, but tells him that it's pointless. but tom asks her to let him do it. gemma notices that the box is gone and asks the boy about it, but the boy doesn't answer. gemma watches tom dig all day. when he comes back, she asks him, why were you digging all day? tom tells her about finding a path that will lead them somewhere. they're making out while the boy watches them through the door. tom continues digging, while the boy keeps making the noises. the boy watches tv, which shows some bizarre patterns and lines. tom is sitting in the car when gemma joins him. tom tells her how much he loves the smell of the vehicle and how real it feels. the radio turns on, and they realize that the car's battery is still good. gemma steps out of the car and starts dancing to the song. tom increases the volume and joins gemma. they both are dancing when the boy comes out of the house and looks at them. the boy joins them. when he hits tom, and tom falls. he becomes angry and pushes the boy. tom leaves in anger and goes into the house. gemma takes the boy to the room and tells him that they can't stay with him all the time. people need privacy, and he should understand it. boy calls her mother, and gemma continues telling him that she is not his mother. the boy starts screaming when gemma yells at him and asks him what he wants. the boy continues shouting and imitating her. gemma asks him to shut up and leaves. she hugs tom in the bed while they go to sleep, following the same routine. they're having their breakfast. gemma asks tom about his plans with digging in the yard. tom tells them he is going to dig and leaves the room. tom hears fain shrieking from the ground and puts his ear to hear it. he's sleeping in the room when the sound of the tv wakes him, he goes down and finds the boy watching tv. gemma turns the tv off, but the boy turns it on again. tom and gemma leave the room in frustration. the following day, the boy is screaming while gemma is trying to get him breakfast. tom is putting bread in the toaster. when he comes to the boy, picks up the cereal bowl and throws it on the wall. tom drags the boy to the car and locks a minute he gets gemma inside the house, she yells at him for not helping the creature. gemma asks tom for the keys, but he refuses to give them to her. tom says, you are acting like his mother. i am not gonna let you help it. if they want it alive, they will come and get him. gemma tells tom of the possibility of them not coming, and that they will have to watch the boy die for no reason. gemma snatches the keys from tom and gets the boy out of the car. she tells him that no one will hurt him and takes him inside. tom continues digging, while gemma watches him from a window. she says to the boy, soon he will get tired and go to sleep. you should also sleep now. she tells the boy about dreams, but he says, i never had one. she asked him to close his eyes and try to have a dream. she lies beside the boy. the boy hugs her from behind. when they both go to sleep. in the morning, gemma and the boy are coming down the stairs. when tom leaves. tom has breakfast alone, while gemma spends time with the boy. she says, you are a mystery, and i'm gonna solve you. as they lie under the sky, the boy asks gemma about the clouds. she says, where i'm from, clouds come in all shapes and sizes. some of them look like faces and some of them look like dogs. gemma and the boy make a woof sound when gemma howls. gemma tries to sleep. when she cries alone, while tom also cries. and the pity is digging. in the morning, gemma finds the boy missing. she looks everywhere, and then goes out and asks tom if he saw the boy. he tells her he doesn't know. gemma goes out to find him. she looks around, but spots no one. when she comes back to the house, she finds the boy standing there with a book. gemma goes through the book and sees pictures and something written in a strange language. gemma asks the boy where he was. he says that he's not allowed to tell her that. gemma tricks the boy into playing a game where he has to imitate everyone he has ever met. the boy mimics gemma, tom the dog. and when gemma asks him to imitate the person he met today, he makes strange rasping sounds and inflates his throat, sacks. gemma becomes scared and starts screaming. the boy is now a man. gemma is serving him breakfast, while he continues to ask her questions. she sets a tray and carries it to the room. she gives tom some food and then helps him take a bath. the boy leaves the house, while gemma follows him. gemma loses him. she hears the footsteps, but fails to see where he is. gemma comes back home and sits on the pavement. tom finds a dead body in the hole while digging, and immediately comes out of the hole. gemma is walking when she loses sight of the house. she calls for tom, and he calls her back. when they get back home and try to go into the house, they find it locked. gemma asks the man to open the door and let them in, but he ignores her. they spend the night in the car. the following morning, gemma knocks at the door and the boy comes out. she asks him to help them because of tom's worsening condition, but he leaves by saying maybe it's time he is released. gemma and tom are sitting outside the house when they start talking about the first time they met. tom says, i'm glad that guy stood you up. tom says to gemma, i'm home right now. when he goes silent, gemma tries to wake him up, but realizes he is not breathing. gemma starts crying over tom's body. the man comes back with a box. gemma opens it and finds a body bag. she starts crying and screaming while the man packs tom's body in the bag and throws it in the hole that tama dug. gemma sleeps in the car. when she wakes up, she sees the man leaving. she gets out of the car silently and hits the creature with an axe. he is injured. when he shrieks and starts running. gemma follows it and crashes through the door into a red tinted house where another boy is seen watching television patterns while a different woman sobs at the kitchen table. gemma sinks through the floor into a green bedroom where a couple is having sex, and another boy watches and claps. gemma is sucked through the wall and into a purple bathroom where a man has committed suicide. she lands back in number nine. week and moaning, she goes outside and looks around, finding herself between the identical houses and starts crying. she is lying in a vacuum body bag, asking, what am i? the boy tells gemma that mothers prepare their sons for the world and then they die. he zips the body back, drags it down the stairs and throws gemma in the pit along with tom. he puts the sand back in the hole and makes it even he puts fuel in the car and gets out of yonder. he heads towards the real estate officer, martin, who's older now. he goes inside, and martin hands him the badge, which he pins on his shirt pocket. martin dies, and the man puts his body in a vacuum bag, folds it up and places it in a file drawer. he sits at martin's desk and smiles. another couple enters the room and starts looking around, while the man stands up to talk to them. the story ends with the man standing smiling at the couple. 