listen, I'm a weakened slate when it comes to this one, which in movie reviewer terms is like a decade. but I find it funny, because movies should be able to be talked about way past their opening weekend. how this one had so much hi people, we're reviewing it before it came out opening weekend. I don't get why people overhyped things they don't even care about. right? like, have y'all noticed that every now and then a movie appears that everyone feels the need to talk about. you can check the average number of critics for any movie that gets released, right? and then there will be that one that makes you question where the hell all these other critics came from. but I see channels still talking about the last Jedi as if that was the only movie that had at the Africa release the past two years. this is one of those event movies where people who don't even like it talk about it more than those who do. right? it's a set up movie. I just came here to see the lady who's supposed to beat up purple Barney. how film Twitter goes from bashing Hollywood for being a money machine and then acts like Captain Marvel is RBG in spandex I don't know. so in the midst of the people scared that males may never be the lead in a movie ever again, and those who think that a superhero will somehow help women respect the ladies who do their nails, I'm just over here full of melancholy, because I know this means Captain Marvel is replacing Captain America. let me explain. so to me, the movie was a decent rent it. I don't think it's terrible or a revolutionary tale. it's just like all the other solo Marvel intros for me. that said, alpha, we know what exactly her powers are. I don't know her likes or dislikes, other than hitting villains with empowerment and inclusivity. but considering the role she's about to play for the next decade, it's gonna have a bunch more installments. I'm sure they'll flush it out by Captain Marvel 5. now, Captain Marvel 1 revolves around Carol the Avenger, Danvers, which is funny, now, because of the franchise cliche of coming up with names what we some kind of Suicide Squad, but because it still took fury over a decade to find another superhero. now, you know how Marvel likes to play with genres, and they didn't want to keep it straightforward by having her start on earth and then going up into space, which, I mean, it worked for guardians. so instead, they made it kind of like memento, where she starts as an alien and starts realizing that she may be, or maybe not be, a human. they have this eternal sunshine like contraption that captures her memories as a TiVo, through them at one point to figure out her past. I'm gonna be wrong, this reverse storytelling would have been really dope if we already didn't know she was human, but I was like expecting someone to go into a Batman movie incoming outgoing Bruce Wayne. anyways, Carol, surprisingly, was a human being pilot whose mentor was an undercover alien protecting the tesseract. one day they crash. she dies protecting it, and Carol gets her superpowers as she shoots it, causing this big explosion, which is exactly what the lady was gonna do. with Carol still standing there. Judah Lana's crew then take her up to their place where he seduces her making her believe that she's one of them, as Jude Law usually doesn't a Tuesday. she then starts fighting on their side, ignores the flashes she's getting about her past, thinks Crees are the bad guys, and for some reason, has a frohawk in her outfit. look, I get that it's from the comics, but, like, let's get 100, they're not adapting everything in the comics. like this girl looked like Liberace fighting aliens up there with our hair follicles all over the place. I don't know if they were trying to go for a Travis Bickel thing with taxi driver, for it to be a little bit more menacing, but when you got socking barbers for hands, I don't know. pretty much. the beginning, to me, felt a lot like Man of Steel. first 25 minutes take place in an alien planet where they all still look human, but have superpowers. the traitors get shipped away, while the main hero lands on earth in hopes of defeating toxic masculinity. they're the most powerful being in their super group troupe who's destined to take out the big baddie. that part of film, Twitter complains that the actor playing the character is too stiff and doesn't show enough emotion. and of course, they CGI it out facial hair for landing on earth after being captured. I thought was kind of cool, because while she's seeing everything as strange, we kind of see it as a nostalgia. so it's this interesting effect that the audience gets. that said, while I didn't mind most of the blatant Easter eggs pretending to be production designs, since, you know, I'm a 90's boy, brought that music needed to get cut out. did we not learn anything from Suicide Squad? you guys? Marvel are the one who made a mixtape of old songs, but were able to weave in a motherly story that made us embrace it and not see it as a marketing ploy for this one, y'all just click shuffle, and now that's what I call the 90s playlist. maybe it didn't bother some of y'all, but I can prove to you why it could have been better, why she deserved better. there's a scene in the second half of this movie where they get Carol to do this really big fight to Gwen Stefani music like they had, the lyrics reminding us that she was a girl, as if we didn't already know off the poster. now, imagine if Wonder Woman, yes, I know these movies continue to get compared go figure. imagine if Wonder Woman didn't have that Mad Max spy kids music in the background and had this instead. no, no, like I said, I'd fun with it. the buddy cop thing that Carroll and fury got going on, I thought was pretty chill, especially when Samuel forgot to walk like he was younger. they played 20 questions of expositions. I get a little backstory for fury. we find out he went blind from this flurgendorf prison pocket. and I realized that shield is really just a superhero version of men and black, except their trash. brought my ten years of covering the Marvel Cinematic Universe, I've never seen an organization get bamboozled as much as shield does. they have Crees infiltrating an organization that Hydra already infiltrated, that I'm pretty sure shield infiltrated themselves at one point. it's a complete mess. they're like the Illuminati of this world in the way that they're the most secret organization that everyone knows about. bouncers are the bad guys. I thought this was a pretty cool twist. Marvel had me discriminating against these aliens because I was confusing them with that she would average from Avengers ends up being a tragic refugee story that the kree's were going through, where this man needs a place for his family. I start feeling away about it. I went home and throw away space invaders and any other problematic piece of space media that's causing this stigma. and also, Ben Mendelsohn was great. I love all you played two parts. one is a good guy agent, and the other as an alien named Talos, who looks like a good guy agent, but with makeup. I'm not even sure if his character was consistent. like, at the beginning of the movie, he's violating people's spaces. he's acting like a super villain, and a half way through, they're just like, yeah, I forget that. pretend to be a mobsters son and attracts you and drink from the same cup from pulp fiction. I don't think it makes any sense, but I mess with this. and Ben had the audacity to complement himself in the movie. now, that's the movies pretty standard. she realizes she's human alongside us as she lays the law down on Jude freeze, decrees and leaves urea beeper to contact her for whenever it danos arrives, which I would he used to open up. does not tell about here's the thing, I really like brie Larson as an actress. they were parts of this movie that was shot like an indie drama in the country that started reminding me of a role in short term 12, and the emotion she can convey in her performances. but doing the whole mystery aspect, I felt took away from her relationships that she had back home, because there's a scene with her friend who kills it in the diner. but then I remembered that all they had in the flashbacks were one-liners. we didn't really get to see their friendship. I don't even think the daughter was in the flashbacks. but supposedly they have history. so while I think Captain Marvel could be a great character man, I feel like Marvel did her dirty like think of it, Carole supposed to be so powerful that she can take out Thanos and his jarred jewelry collection. but Thanos has been getting hinted at for about a decade. you know, they've been hyping him up. he's been able to deliver. that y'all released Captain Marvel about a month before endgame comes out. like, imagine overhyping a friend that much, and now they have to live up to this ridiculous standard you left for them as bogus. Feige pretty much confirmed that Captain Marvel was going to become the new Captain America as the infinity saga concludes, assuring a new heroes, like if the series began with iron man and now it ends with him. I guess that means that T'Challa will not be the big rich text even leaves to give Peggy that dance. that means there's a new captain, one who has her own Bucky, one who also swapped her colors up to be the American flag, and one who also signed a very big contract as Chris was leaving his contract. see, I'm excited for the next saga Marvel has in store. I just hope they take their time building Carole like they did all the other characters we love. it's going to be like WWE stars for a new generation. you know, we're going to see, decades from now, kids who don't know Iron Man or the other original characters, but they know their current roster. and so they have to dig them back up like it's history, just like the kids who went back to watch rocky when Creed came out. like the Skywalker story will eventually have to be traced back as the franchise expands decades in the future. it's like a mantle, one that'll get passed down for a new era each time. and I can't wait to see what Carole does with them. socking boppers, I think you have to checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. your thoughts down below in the comment section. I know a lot of people a lot of comments dealing with this movie. I've been reading a lot of trash articles. I believe we're eating a lot of motivational stuff people who love this movie, of the theories that may come out of what's going to happen in endgame and stuff moving forward. I'm excited for it. I know it. I know this video was late, and I'm catching up on a bunch of other stuff. you can see the South by video that's up right now, if you want to check it out. a bunch of videos coming out for a bunch of other things. I did actually want to talk about the Stan Lee cameo, which I thought was really cool, especially how it connected to Kevin Smith. especially with this clip right here. I put Stan Lee in a movie, and then 24 years later, you return the favor. every time I see that, it gets me. I think it's one of the best cameos that he's had. I also think that the post-credits were pretty interesting. not the last, last one. since everyone loves the cat, I don't really care for cats and movies. I think they're a pop out of my personal opinion. but one of the other things I did want to talk about was people realizing that, um, I call them Digimon, mr. Digimon from guardians of the galaxy, mr. hoo guy. he was in this movie, and so was Ronan. so it's kind of funny knowing that this movie takes place before we see them in guardians of the galaxy, where we thought they were like all these super menacing here brought they lost in this movie. that means when Yuri watch guardians of the galaxy, you're seeing these guys, and they're not as menacing because they're coming in, oh - they're losers. other than I don't care to know your thoughts. I enjoyed the movie. it's just like all the other number ones, you know, Thor and Captain America, and that is great as Iron Man. but I think it's up there with the other ones. it's in the same place. and I think by the time she gets her second one, especially a third one, as Marvel does a really great job with other threes, I think you're gonna have a fantastic movie. and then I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a free blockbuster rental 