hey guys. welcome back to flix recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're covering the 2010 rom-com i love you, beth cooper. before we start, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment, and, of course, subscribe to the channel if you enjoy the breakdown. and as a disclaimer, this video includes my own personal commentary. it's not a substitute for the film. links to purchase the film are in the description below. alright, let's get it going. the movie starts with a high school graduation and a girl singing with a guitar behind her. we see the faculty seated along with dennis, the valedictorian, who's staring into space. he's having a flashback about his friend explaining to him how, if he doesn't make a move, the girl he likes will never know that he even existed, and that he needs to do something memorable, something that'll make history in some sort of way. he tells dennis to do so in his valedictorian speech, dennis is called on to the stage to give his speech. it starts off pretty awkward. he cracks a joke that no one laughs at, except for his parents, which kind of makes it worse. while reminiscing, he says that he has no regrets. and then he drops a bomb on the audience with one simple line, i love you, beth cooper, looking her right in the eyes, he then goes on to explain how long he has loved her. for meanwhile, we can see how angry beth's boyfriend, kevin is, who goes to military school. dennis, the valedictorian, mind you, goes on to pinpoint other students from the audience, such as one with an eating disorder, a girl named valley, who is too full of herself, and a kid named greg who's a bully. he even points towards kevin by saying he can't get himself an adult girlfriend. he then looks at his best friend, rich and claims that he's gay. dennis goes outside and meets his teacher. she says she wasn't expecting him to do something so reckless and that it could jeopardize his admission to stanford university. he explains to her how it was important for beth to remember him, which is why he had to do this. death approaches dennis and says that he embarrassed her, but it was sweet. meanwhile, rich approaches and tells dennis that he isn't gay. dennis then invites beth to a party that he's hosting, and beth says she might drop by. beth's boyfriend, kevin, comes and confronts dennis. the confrontation is stopped thanks to dennis's teacher. rich again insists to dennis that he isn't gay, and dennis robots by telling him that everyone thinks he is. dennis has another flashback of a moment that definitely implies that rich really might be gay. obviously, not that there's anything wrong with it, but rich should own it. dennis claims that he had a girlfriend named patty, while rich stayed single. dennis shows rich his ipod that he got as a gift, and rich says his dad just sent him a bill. it's a kind of weird dynamic between friends, but you know, when you're valedictorian, i guess it's lonely at the top. rich arrives at dennis's house later and shows off his new shoes that he bought for himself with two paychecks. dennis, on the other hand, is very apathetic and is more concerned with throwing his party his mother insists that he shouldn't have too much fun, while his father says that he should, and he should ditch his lucky spider-man underpants. his dad gives him a bottle of champagne that he can share with everyone and even tells him where his stash of condoms are. now, as you might guess, beth and her friends arrive at dennis's house and realize they're the first ones there. dennis gets the bright idea to offer the champagne his dad mentioned. only thing is that he struggles opening the bottle and accidentally cuts himself while doing so. rich then thinks to show the condoms his dad mentioned, and dennis accidentally smacks himself in the face with the cork. beth ices dennis's face with something from the freezer. she's sitting on dennis as she does so, and dennis perks up a bit, which amuses the girls. the girls find the condoms and get ready to leave. and like clockwork, things get worse as kevin and his friends arrive at dennis's house. dennis tries to secure the house since kevin is trying to get in. kevin makes his way from the back door, and beth realizes that he's under the influence. kevin begins breaking things in the house, and even hurls the microwave at dennis, which gets stuck in the kitchen wall. rich and dennis run upstairs as kevin chases them. rich hides in the closet rimshot and hands dennis a lightsaber to defend himself with. kevin breaks the door and enters and sees a poster of beth on dennis's ceiling. while it's both sweet and creepy, it's definitely not gonna help dennis's beef with kevin. kevin rips off the arms of a skeleton in dennis's room and begins beating dennis stupid with them. meanwhile, rich escapes out the window. beth suddenly has a change of heart and knocks out kevin and notices her poster. meanwhile, kevin wakes up and pushes dennis off the roof. rich and dennis escape to the road, where beth accidentally hits dennis with her car. she tells them to get in, and they drive off. they quickly realize that beth is a terrible driver, and rich recalls how bad she was even in driver's ed. beth and dennis enter a gas station to grab some beer. they try to purchase the beer, but the cashier asks for an id, for which beth hands over a fake. she even claims that dennis is her little brother. however, she cuts a deal by kissing the cashier, which he accepts without a second thought. seeing this disappoints dennis, since he realizes that his idea of who beth was is far from who she actually is. oh yes, dennis, welcome to the cold, cruel world fraught with disappointment. we have fun around here. in any event, they make their way to the woods where they sip a bit, and dennis gets awfully silent. he tries opening his beer with his teeth and ends up breaking one of them. the song kiss beth comes on, and beth gives her friends the look to leave, where only beth and dennis remain. they make small talk while rich and beth's friends find a farm where they try to tip a cow, and in the process, rich steps in a huge pile of cow droppings and subsequently causes a stampede. beth tells dennis she has no such plans for the future, and seems unexcited. she tells him she heard him say she isn't the beth cooper he knew. and he explains to her that she's much better than she thinks. she is excellent save the others come back, and rich is asked to leave his dirty shoes behind, obviously. once again, beth showcases her horrendous driving skills and hits a parked car on the side of the road. once everything stops, an old couple that seem to be doing the deed step out of the parked car, and dennis realizes that it's his parents. dennis tells beth to get out of there as fast as she could. they arrive at valley woolly's house, who dennis called pretentious in his speech. dennis runs into greg, and greg starts getting emotional and opening up to him. dennis goes out to rich, and they see their gym teacher getting a little too comfortable with female students. dennis meets patty, who tells him that beth's boyfriend is actually at the same party upstairs. dennis and rich try to escape with beth and her friends, but inevitably fail and get seen by kevin, who, as it turns out, has been messing around with valley thus breaking beth's heart. kevin tries to pick a fight with dennis, while beth does a bit of soul searching. kevin is about to beat dennis into oblivion, but is stopped by the gym teacher who comes in and starts establishing rules, saying that he wants a clean fight. dennis tries apologizing, but kevin punches him anyway. greg comes in and tries to save dennis. but the real savior here is beth, who suddenly crashes into the house using kevin's hummer and escapes with the crew. with beth's terrible driving, they head to the high school. there, beth and her friends decide to show dennis the things that give her nostalgia and make her reminisce about school. then she and her friends decide to hit the showers. green as they are, dennis stops second-guessing himself, takes his dad's carpe diem advice and heads over to the showers. beth grins when she sees him. she tells him not to be shy, and drops her towel to put the proverbial cherry on top. beth's friends invite dennis to join in. in the middle of dennis having the time of his life. kevin arrives. rich steps in to intervene and starts hitting kevin and his friends with a wet blanket, showing off his ironic expertise. meanwhile, dennis takes beth, cammy and therese and tells them to escape using beth's car that kevin used to track them down. after rich has finally won the towel fight, he joins the rest and they drive off to teresa's dad's cabin. here it's revealed that beth and her friends only decided to show up to dennis's party because they thought it would be funny, which again, breaks dennis's heart. they go out to get some drinks, and dennis starts stinking up the car, according to beth. she tells dennis that they just have to air it out, and beth cracks a window. as luck would have it, beth drops it, and dennis is left there sitting in his underwear. they try to get it back, but a raccoon already has it. dennis is left only wearing beth's pancho. here they have a deep conversation, which leads to dennis telling beth how so many guys would love her. but beth says all the other guys would only be interested for a night. deep down, dennis thinks that he doesn't have a chance with beth, so he just stays silent. some carpe diem, huh? they reached teresa's dad's cabin and drink a lot of vodka therese gets dennis out of the poncho, and beth asks if anyone would like to see the sun rise with her, to which dennis volunteers, and they have a heart to heart. rich is inside with trees and cammy. when cammy reveals that she's a movie fanatic too. therese and cammy decide on showing rich some fun things. which, i mean, if rich was gay before, he's probably bi now, right? dennis and beth are still outside, and homeboy finally musters up the courage to tell beth how he feels. he tells her that all his hopes from school are from this specific night. dennis finally gets the chance to kiss beth. and boom. everyone gets back to dennis's house, and we can see that his mom disapproves of beth. dennis's dad tells rich he should stay at their place for a couple of days because of rich's dad. dennis's dad seems proud of him and is happy for him. dennis and beth wish each other the best of luck, and beth kisses him again. dennis tells her, if they're single after a couple of years, he'll marry her. and she says, that's a promise. beth drives off with her friends. and after his encounter, rich actually comes out of the closet. overall, a pretty fun movie. lots of good old-fashioned sexual misconduct mixed with high school antics, a classic trope. but what did you think? let me know in the comments below, and be sure to subscribe to flix recap so you don't miss the next video. until next time, 