[Music]. in 1926, British wizard and Majnu ologist, Newt Scamander, arrives by ship to New York. enroute to Arizona, he encounters Mary Lou barebone, a non-magical woman, or no match for short, who heads the New Salem philanthropic society. as newt listens to her speech about how witches and wizards are real and dangerous enough, leur escaped from newts magically expanded suitcase, which houses various magical creatures. as new attempts to capture the new fleur, he meets Nomad cannery worker and aspiring Baker Jacob Kowalski, and they unwittingly swap suitcases. demoted Aurora tina goldstein arrests newt for the chaos caused by the nibbler and takes him to the magical congress of the united states of america headquarters, hoping to regain her former position. however, as Jacob suitcase contains only baked goods, Newt is released at Jacobs apartment, several creatures escape from Newt suitcase. after Tina and Newt find Jacob and the suitcase, Tina takes them to her apartment and introduces them to Queenie, her sister. Jacob and Queenie are mutually attracted, though American wizards are forbidden to marry or even meet no Maja's. new takes Jacob inside as magically expanded suitcase, where Jacob encounters are contained obscurus, a parasite that develops inside magically gifted children if they suppress their magical abilities. Newt extracted it from a young girl who died. that was afflicted rarely live past the age of 10. new persuades Jacob to help search for the missing creatures. after recapturing two of the three escaped beasts, tina returns the suitcase to Mikasa. officials arrest them, believing one of newts beasts to be responsible for killing senator Henry Shaw jr. director of magical security, Percival graves, accuses Newt of conspiring with the infamous Dark Wizard Gellert Grindelwald, and decides to destroy nuke suitcase and erase Jacobs recent memories of magic. new and tina sentenced immediate death and secret, but Queenie and Jacob rescue them, and they escape after retrieving Newt suitcase following a tip from Tina's old goblin informant, gnar lack, the foursome find and recapture the last of the escaped creatures. meanwhile, graves approaches Mary Lou's adopted son, credence, and offers to freedom from his abusive mother. in exchange, graves wants credence defined in obscurus, which he believes has caused the mysterious destructive incidents around the city. credence finds a wand under his adopted sister, modesty's bed. Mary Lou assumes the disk readings as wand, but modesty says it is hers. when modesty is about to be punished, the obscurus kills Mary Lou and her his daughter, chastity. graves arrives, and after Creedence leads him to modesty, whom he assumes as the bisk heiresses host. he dismisses credence as being a squib and refuses to teach him magic. credence reveals he's the real host, having lived longer than any other host due to the intensity of his magic. in a fit of rage, credence transforms and attacks the city. Newt finds credence hiding in a subway tunnel, but he is attacked by graves. Tina, who knows credence, arrives and attempts to calm him, while Graves tries to convince credence to listen to him. as credence begins to settle back into human form, Aurora's arrive and apparently disintegrate him to protect the magical society. however, a tiny obscurest fragment escapes. graves admits to unleashing the obscurus to expose the magical community to no Maja's, and framing Newt for it. and angrily claims that makuu's it protects the no Maja's more than themselves. as the president orders the aurorus to apprehend graves, he attacks and begins to defeat all of them. after being subdued by one of newts beasts, he is revealed as Gellert Grindelwald in disguise, and is taken into custody makuu safir's. their secret world has been exposed. but Newt releases his Thunderbird Frank, to disperse a potion as rain fall over the city that erases all New Yorkers recent memories asthma Cuza Wizards repair the destruction. queenie kisses jacob goodbye as the rain erases her memories. newt departs for europe, but promises to return and visit tina when his book is finished. he also anonymously leaves jacob a case of silver alchemy eggshells to fund his bakery. his breads and pastries are subconsciously inspired by nudes creatures. and Queenie visits him in his shop. 