hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2020 drama movie the way back, starring ben affleck. warning, spoilers ahead. jack cunningham is a divorced alcoholic iron his sister beth, informs him that they are concerned about his drinking habits and isolation from friends and family. as they are eating thanksgiving dinner. the next day, jack gets a call from father devine, a former catholic high school basketball player at bishop hayes, where he was a star. devine invites him to fill in for the school's basketball coach, who has had a heart attack. dan, the assistant coach and algebra teacher, as well as the squad members, are presented to jack. he discovers that bishop hayes hasn't made the playoffs since he was a student, and that student enthusiasm has dwindled to the point that the team is down to only six varsity players. brandon, the team's introverted point guard and most gifted player, and marcus, the team center who irritates the squad with his attitude, are two of these guys. in jack's first game as coach, the team takes on memorial, a larger school with a much more talented team. with the team trailing by a large margin, and frustrated by what he perceives as a lack of effort, jack puts marcus on the bench and demands that the team play with more toughness. despite this, bishop hayes suffers a humiliating defeat. jack runs into brandon walking alone after a game one night and offers him a ride home. brandon reveals that his mother has passed away and that his father is unable to attend his games due to his responsibilities as a father to his two brothers. to compensate for the team's relative lack of size and talent, jack implements strategic changes to the team, including a full-court press defense and a focus on conditioning. the stricter practices and jack's aggressive attitude irritate the team at first, but they soon come to respect him. marcus is kicked off the team when he arrives late for the next game as a result of jack's changes. the game is a close one that bishop hayes eventually wins. brandon is eventually named team captain. marcus later shows up at jack's house unannounced to ask to rejoin the team, and jack eventually agrees. the team keeps winning, and jack begins to form bonds with his teammates. he begins to spend more time with his family and friends. as his drinking decreases, jack and his ex-wife, angela, go to their friend miguel's son, david's birthday party. the fact that jack and angela had a son named michael who died of cancer is revealed. david and michael were both in the hospital at the same time, and david is now cancer-free. jack is ejected from a game after protesting a call causing bishop hayes to lose. while driving home, jack tells brandon that his father was a slacker who only cared about him when his basketball talent was discovered. as a result, jack declined a full athletic scholarship to the university of kansas basketball program and has not played basketball since. brandon's father, russ, is visited at work by jack, who informs him that brandon has attracted the attention of college recruiters. russ, a former college basketball player, has discouraged his son from pursuing success through basketball. it's a rematch with memorial in their final game of the season. following a slow start, bishop hayes manages to mount a comeback, culminating in brandon making the game-winning shot. later, jack receives a call from angela informing him that david has been admitted to the hospital. jack and angela overhear a doctor telling david's parents that his cancer has returned while they are visiting. the sight of their anguish disturbs jack, who leaves the hospital and immediately returns to drinking. the next morning, jack shows up late and drunk to practice. father devine fires jack, saying he can't trust him with the team and fears he has a serious problem. jack rear ends a boat hitch to a parked car one night while driving drunk with a woman he met at a bar. the woman flees, telling jack to enter through the back door. but jack enters the wrong house and is confronted by its occupants. jack tries to flee before the cops arrive, but the argument turns physical, and he is pushed down the front steps of the house and knocked unconscious. when jack wakes up in the hospital, he is greeted by beth, who insists that he seek treatment for his alcoholism. jack starts going to therapy and begins to talk about his son's death. he meets with angela and expresses regret for his previous errors. brandon notices that his father and brothers are in attendance as the bishop hayes team dedicates their first playoff game to jack. meanwhile, jack picks up a basketball and practices his shooting on an outdoor court. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time 