[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror film. the hills have eyes. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. on an obsolete road in the desert, there is a shabby gas station. woken up by the rumbling well, the gas station attendant picks up a gun and walks out of the shop, searching around, he doesn't find anyone. but when he returns, there's a handbag at the door. knowing what they mean, the attendant shouts in anguish that he can't do this anymore and they're on their own now. however, having no choice, he pulls the handbag into the shop. a horn haunts an rv stops to refuel. it's bob and his family of seven on a trip to california. the younger daughter, brenda, and the son, bobby, are having fun with a pig. no one notices that a young girl approaches their rv and steals bobby's red jumper on the rear row. in the toilet, bobby is frightened by an eye spying on him through the crack of the door. he thinks it must be his sister's trick, so he angrily calls her names. but brenda looks at him in confusion, not knowing what was going on. suddenly, their shepherd rushes out of the rv, into the shop and barks fiercely toward outside through the window. the eldest daughter follows the shepherd into the shop and notices the nice handbag on the table, which doesn't match the shabby surroundings. when she is going to take the shepherd away, the attendant appears, she apologizes and leaves. before the family goes, the attendant shows them a shortcut, which is not marked on the map, saying that it'll save them several hours. the family thanks him and drives away along the path he recommended. they don't know this will be the road leading to hell. bobby quite enjoys the journey. he fixes the air conditioner and is glad to have his brother-in-law chatting with him. a belt of iron spikes rises across the path, of which none of them is aware. with a sudden puncture, flat the car loses control, hits a rock and stops. they don't know the real reason for the flat tires, as the belt of iron spikes was removed instantly. they try to call for help, but this road is invisible on the map, and the cell phones are out of service. bob takes out two pistols, one for bobby, the other for himself. eldest daughter lynn sees a figure on the bear hill through the window. the two adult men, bob and his son-in-law, doug, decide to look for help. bob will go to the gas station to ask the attendant for help. doug will walk deep into the desert to see if any other people pass by. before the two men leave, the mother calls the family to hold each other in a circle and pray. but they are unaware of being the focus of the binoculars on the hill far from them. after the two men leave, the four left unfold the table and enjoy their time. when brenda comes into the trailer, the shepherd runs out again. bobby runs after the shepherd to the deep desert. he finds himself in a desolate valley where a figure with red flits by behind him. bobby picks up a stone and sneaks ahead. he finds no one but the shepherd's gutted body. bobby runs as fast as he can in a panic, but he loses his footing and falls. while he lies on the ground unconscious. a deformed young girl in his red jumper approaches. she kneels beside him and gently touches him. then she sees a drop of blood falls down from the hill. she looks up and sees a savage mutant devouring the shepherd's leg. doug comes to a huge meteor crater filled with many scrapped rb's in one vehicle. he finds many recreation stuff. he has no idea why the arby's are discarded here. when it's dark, bob finally arrives at the gas station after several hours. walks the attendant is not there, and the old telephone doesn't work at all. bob finds a bloody ear in the handbag. on the wall there are yellow and old newspapers. all were the news about the nuclear testing in the minor town. bob runs out of the room and gets into the car, which parks at the door. he hears the attendant murmuring inside the toilet that he'll never understand what's going on with the minor town. the children grow up as cannibals. when bob points the pistol at him, the attendant seizes it and shoots himself. he fires randomly, and then hurries into the car, but the mutant is in the car before bob can fire. the mutant knocks him out and transports him into the mine with a barrow. the deformed young girl sits beside bobby to take care of him. she runs away to hide when she hears brenda coming. bobby says nothing about the gutted shepherd because he doesn't want to frighten his family. when bobby stays up waiting for dad to come back, while others are sleeping, he hears a dog barking and goes out. a mutant takes the chance and sneaks into the rv, seeing brenda, who is asleep. the mutant gives an obscene smile as bobby runs closer. the barking becomes fiercer. bobby feels wrong and hurries back to wake up his sister and brother-in-law. lynn thinks him too sensitive. bobby has to tell them about the dead shepherd. doug asked his wife to stay in the car while he and bobby goes out to check inside the trailer. the mutant presses himself against brenda and tells his cohort outside via the walkie-talkie to detonate the bomb. the bomb blasts. in the brightness, bobby finds his dad tied to a tree, engulfed in flames. bob howls, hearing him, his wife rushes out, and doug hurries to the trailer to fetch the extinguisher. none of them notices the mutant in the trail. lin pulls back her desperate mother from jumping into the fire. the fire is finally put out. bob is already dead. lynn finally hears her sisters crying and finds her assaulted by one mutant and her baby in the other's hands. lynn surrenders herself to his assault. when the mutant points his pistol at her baby girl, their mother hears their scream, and she picks up a large, heavy rock and makes her way to the trailer. she raises the rock above her head, but is shot by the mutant. lin grabs a screwdriver from the floor, stabs the mutant in the thigh, but unfortunately misses his deformed balls. after the mutant kills lynn, he fires at brenda, but the pistol runs out of bullet. seeing bobby and doug rushing toward them. the mutants then flee, one holding the baby. when doug and bobby return to the trailer, doug sees his wife dead and his baby daughter missing on the hill not far. when a mutant is watching the trailer through binoculars, the shepherd pounces on and bites him in the neck. bobby covers his sister's body with a sheet and picks up his pistol, but doug holds him back. though their hearts are filled with revenge, it'll be too dangerous to rush out without a careful scheme. when the sun rises on the horizon, doug takes the shepherd to look for his baby daughter. passing through a tunnel, doug finds the minor town down the hill where the mutants live. it's a lifeless place with weird mannequins everywhere. finally, he finds his baby in a room. before he enters the room, he sees a mutant pass by dragging a corpse. doug shuts the shepherd's mouth up to prevent it from barking, and they hide in an abandoned car. when the mutant goes away, doug leaves the shepherd inside the car, and he comes into the room for his baby. he hears someone, turns on the tv and sees a bald mutant sitting on a chair with a woman's head sculpture in her hands. he approaches the bed and carries his baby into his arms. just before he goes, the mutant sees him. she bashes him with a stick, which knocks him out. when doug comes back to life, he finds himself stuck in a case full of human body parts. he manages to kick the cover open and escapes holding a baseball bat. he comes into the next room. there he sees a mutant with a big head, who is too deformed to move. doug asked him where his baby is. the mutant says, wheezing, he doesn't know where she is, for he never leaves this place. he blames the nuclear tests, saying they were asked to leave the town and their homes were destroyed. they went into the mine to hide, and the blast turned everything to ashes. they became mutants because of the radiation. doug raises the bat and asks where the baby is. but the mutant laughs and says, it's breakfast time. suddenly, a huge and robust mutant breaks through the door. he waves and acts to hack duck, just then the shepherd flies at him and bites him in the arm. but the mutant gets rid of the shepherd and has a fierce fight with doug. doug thrusts the broken baseball bat into the mutant's belly, but the mutant pulls out the bat and pushes doug against the wall. he hacks doug with the axe and cuts off his two fingers. doug pierce as the screwdriver through his foot, into the wood floor and finally finishes him. then he takes the axe and hides behind a distorted car. and he kills another mutant who passes by. when doug is about to leave with a shotgun left by the mutant he just killed. the big head mutant talks to other mutants with a walkie-talkie, demanding them kill the baby. the shepherd flies at him and bites him dead. fortunately, the kind young girl in red has already taken the baby away into the hills. at the camping bobby and brenda carry the bodies of their mother and sister from the trailer into the car. bobby sets up a warning device using the fishing rod. when the float droops, brenda cries in fear, shielding his sister. bobby points the pistol around and can't find the mutants, but their mother's body is gone. bobby goes into the hill and finds the mutant is devouring his mother. induces the mutant to run after him to the camping to trap him. when the mutant grabs brenda's hand to pull her out, bobby seizes the chance and ties him to the trailer. then he and his sister escape through the window, and the trailer blasts into ash. doug catches up with the girl in red on the hill. when she is about to return the baby girl to doug, a mutant jumps down unto him, already severely wounded. doug is losing his energy, and soon is motionless, beaten by the mutant. the girl in red carries the baby and flees. the mutant runs after and grabs her by the angle. at this moment, doug collects himself. he stands up and beats the mutant with the rifle. seeing the mutant no move, he stumbles toward the girl in red and carries her daughter up from her arms. but the mutant stands up before he attacks the girl in red rushes over and throws herself at him. both of them plunge down to the valley and die. back at the camping brenda hacks the mutant who is in flames with the axe. doug stumbles back leading, holding his daughter in one hand and taking the shepherd by the leash in the other. the nightmare over, the four survivors and their dog reunite. but far away, inside the hill, a pair of binoculars is watching them. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 