[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1988 Christmas action movie die hard. so let's get started. the film opens on Christmas Eve with NYPD detective John McClane arriving in Los Angeles trying to reconcile with his estranged wife Holly at a Christmas party at Nakatomi tower. McClane has drove to the party by a limo driver argyll. while McClane is changing his clothes, the party is interrupted by a German terrorist, Hans Gruber and his heavily armed team. everyone in the tower is held hostage, except McClane and argyll. Gruber interrogate Sanaa kotomi executive to get the code for the buildings of all but the executive refuses and is killed. McLean witness is this and gives himself away, but is able to escape. McClane begins a cat-and-mouse game with the terrorists, having won almost discover him and then killing them, and repeating this. McClane, who secures a radio and gets in touch with sergeant al Powell from the LAPD. and the two coordinate attacks via the radio. McClane also takes the c-4 explosives and detonators and uses some of them to kill terrorists that are shooting at SWAT vehicles. a Nakatomi executive tries to mediate a deal between McClane and Gruber, while McClane refuses and the employee is killed. Gruber encounters McClane, but Gruber pretends to be a hostage. a scuffle happens, and McClane escapes. the FBI cuts off the power which Gruber wanted, as it disables the final lock on the building's vault. Gruber demands a helicopter be brought but plans to detonate explosives on the roof to fake their death so they can escape. Gruber figures out that Holly is McLane's wife because of a careless news reporter, and threatens to use her against McClane. Gruber triggers the roofs explosives. a terrorist shows up with the getaway vehicle, an ambulance. however, Argyll hits the ambulance with his limo. McClane offers to surrender to Gruber to save Holly, but he has a pistol taped to his back. he kills one of the terrorists and injures Gruber. Gruber falls through window, but grabs on a holly. then mcclain removes her watch, causing Gruber to fall to his death outside, MacLean and Holly meet Powell. a terrorist emerges and tries to shoot MacLean, but is killed by Powell. the news reporter who gave up Holly comes up and attempts to interview them, but Holly punches him for putting them in danger. as the film ends, Holly and MacLean leave together in argyles limo. so that was the spoilers for die hard if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 