welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. men and black International is a soft reboot of the franchise that but better. always tried to reinvigorate the franchise with the new cast of characters and locales. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the ending of the film, as well as giving my thoughts on it. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown. and I might be international, the majority of men in black ink Nacional is pretty straightforward. it's your typical affair that we've come to expect from the franchise, with the world being on the brink of destruction, yada, yada, yada. by the film's end, agents, H and M have finally been caught up with by the two alien twins that be trying to track them down. for the majority of the film. however, in a last-minute turn of events, they are shot from behind. in the film's finale, we learned that the true threat this entire time has been high T played by Liam Neeson, who is actually just an offshoot of the big villainous alien the hive, the heirs. earlier, the hive absorbed high tea and has used him to infiltrate the British branch of the organization. there was a huge outcry for Neeson to be cut from the pod after remarks that he made. however, it's pretty clear why this couldn't be done, as he is massively integral to the movies. and internet cancellations only tend to last two weeks anyway, so I doubt anyone still cares. this. of course, all ties back to two years earlier, when T and H, not to be confused with age from line of duty, who just so happened to look like Liam Neeson, who plays T oh, just get so confusing, stop the hive from destroying the earth. on the surface, it seemed like both managed to do this. and throughout the organization, they're regarded as heroes. however, the events, or rather as H remembers them played out very differently. in during the fight, tea was absorbed and H's memories were erased, so that he never thought anything was off from inside MIB International high tea, not to be confused with mr. t, has been creating a weapon capable of destroying the world. once a brawl, after taking the weapon from hmm, not to be confused with the shop age, in M T travels to the Eiffel Tower, revealing his truly terrifying form, and activates a wormhole that will allow the rest of the hive to come to earth. hmm, tried to stop this from happening, after discovering that the tower is actually a gateway for all extraterrestrial life, but they're pretty easily beaten by T. though pony comes in and saves hmm, who used the weapon to distract and kill the hive. in the end, H is promoted to head of the bridge branch, and M is fully allowed into the service and sent home back to MIB. and why the to go on a road trip together with poorni. and you get the feeling that they may be going on another venture very soon, probably in the Marvel movies though, because this film is bombing critically right now. going forward, though, if there is a sequel, I can see the two doing a franchise first and possibly traveling to space. whilst the four films in the franchise have all taken place on earth, there isn't really a reason for the NY agent to team up with the head of the Bridge branch, unless something big is called for. it would definitely add an extra dimension to the franchise, and I would love to see this play out in future films, as the series definitely needs to do something different to stop it being stale. now, is this movie as bad as everyone is saying? well, I don't think so. it's nothing out of the ordinary, and by no means does it live up to the original movie, but it's still some fun to be had here. this is a kid's film, and wilds that shouldn't really be an excuse for phoning it in. it's not going after Oscars, and this is simply trying to inject some new blood into the universe. overall, I did have fun with the film. and whilst Atun has been a pretty bad month for movies so far, I don't think that the blame could be put on MIB shoulders. in the end, this is probably the second best entry in the series, and I kind of want to see more from the two down the line. that's why it gets a 7 out of 10. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you took from it. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my break turn of the Avengers endgame timeline, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 