so this week we saw the hero that started off in ac from dc being back in black. and the clip quickly broke the internet. nobody knows what it is, but we love superhero costumes. and that got me thinking back to one of the biggest mysteries surrounding matt reeves upcoming film. that is, what is the bat symbol on the new batsuit made out of? though it's been over five months since the first reveal, people still have no idea, and there's more questions surrounding it than one of jim carrey's skimpiest riddler costumes. fear not though, as we think we've finally figured it out and can successfully say what it is. throughout this video, we're going to be discussing what the chess piece is made out of, and why the two main theories are wrong. if you enjoy this, then don't forget to smash the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. without the way, welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host. definition. now let's get into what the bat symbol really is. okay, so this was first brought to my attention by simon waddle, who i've been talking back and forth with over the last couple of months. simon was the guy that first spotted that the pouches on batman's belt were actually for nine millimeter eclipse. and from this we drew the conclusion that his grand gun could be a repurposed handgun. simon runs a twitter account called big bad theory, which i've linked below in the description if you want to follow him and keep up to date with all that he's up to. i couldn't have done this video without him, so definitely show the guy some love. now, as for the bat symbol, there's been two main theories that have predominantly been floating around online. the first states that the bat symbol has been reforged out of the gun that was used to kill bruce wayne's parents. it's actually something that's already popped up in batman mythos, but since its reveal, no one's been able to nail down the make or model, or where it even comes from. so that leads us to our next theory, which is that it's a batarang. though this is a pretty cool idea. when you look at the chess piece itself, there's clearly a big gap running down the middle of it. so in order to use it, batman would have to take it off, clip it together and then throw it, which it takes much longer than just punching someone in the face. if the piece was loose, there's also a chance that it would fall off. and there's no real way to hold these things together securely, especially with the angles that the handles are at. so it just seems, yeah, pointless. you start to wonder, why not just one piece if that's the case? and clearly the darts that he already has on his wrist would be much better for what he intends to do. so it doesn't really seem like either of these theories are true, and we can pretty much put them on ice. but what is it instead? well we can now confirm that the piece is actually a karambit. now this sounds crazy at first, but i think the further we get into the video, the more you'll see that it actually lines up quite a lot. we know from the production team that batman will be using real-world items to get out his arsenal, and this has been seen in his bat suit, batmobile, bat bike and more. thus it makes a lot of sense that he would make the chess piece out of real world items too. karambits are knives which are readily available, and they're actually used in a lot of martial arts fighting. originally, they were created as an agricultural tool. however, over the centuries, they've become used more and more in self-defense and combat. the design actually originates from indonesia and is based upon a tiger claw. we know from batman's long and rich history that before becoming the dark knight, bruce traveled the world, picking up many martial arts styles and learning the ins and outs of specific weapons. this, of course, was shown in his batarangs, which are based on shurikens, and in his smoke bombs, which he famously got from the league of shadows. the knife has appeared in john wick and the raid 2. and if you've ever seen them up close, then you'll know it's very, very deadly. now, the first thing that you might be saying is that, well, batman doesn't really use knives. and that's a fair point. however, he does use a wealth of bladed weapons such as the batarangs. and even his arm guards have blades on them too. obviously, though, i know you and you want more evidence? and simon was actually kind enough to put together an image with his symbol and the karambits placed into it, so that we can see everything lines up. typically, karambits have a thumb holder so that you can easily keep a hold of them as you flip the knife around your opponent. this is one of the aspects that makes the knife so deadly, as it can be used quickly and allow you to change your grip a bit without twisting your hands or wrists. here we see that the thumb holder isn't present. however, there are certain quran bits that are made with a loop of thread to allow the piece to move in and out of the weapon quickly. either that or he could have the thumb loop separate and attached to his belt. now, simon actually sent me a breakdown of the entire symbol itself and what each piece is, which have turned into a lovely, lovely little graphic that i hope you enjoy. now, firstly, we can see the sharpened edge of the cymbal does indeed look like a blade. with this side clearly being different to the more blunt aspects of the chest symbol, we can assume that this side is sharp for a specific reason. and thus it adds a lot of weight to the idea that this is indeed a knife. above it is a specialized magnet. and this may be used to either attach it to his back belt or the aforementioned thumb loops. however, it also may be there to lock into the chest. this magnet would hold it in place whilst batman busts up some heads, and allow him to place them back into the piece without worrying about which one's going where and whether it's on the right side or not. now, the fact that there's a locking mechanism really makes me think that this could be interchangeable, and that batman may have several of these that he can put in and take out, depending on whether he loses it whilst out crime fighting, or, you know, if it just gets stuck in killer crocs head or something. this is given further away by the fact that there's a belt clip also on the karambit itself. this makes me think that he may already have other karambits on his belt, so if he loses the one currently on his chest, he can just unclip it and then put them back into the chest piece, to make sure that he has a replacement. we all know batman loves putting bat symbols on everything. he even likes branding people sometimes. so i've no doubt that he would keep a spare lying around just in case. now, batman hasn't used knives that much in the comics, and i can already hear people out there saying that batman just wouldn't have it as a weapon because it's too deadly. at this point, though, we still don't know whether batman will kill in this universe, and on the whole, let's be honest, the films tend to lean more towards him being a murderer than not. i always prefer my caped crusader to not be a caped killer. however, these are knives, and yet, though they can be deadly at times, that doesn't mean they always are. batman will likely be going against bigger opponents down the line, so he may have these as a backup plan, just in case. i personally wouldn't want to go against someone like solomon grundy with just my fists and a couple of smoke bombs. so it does make sense to keep sharper weapons lying around. batman also uses explosives, such as his gel from the arkham games and bombs, which he's used against robots and bigger opponents. thus he is ready to use things that can potentially kill, should it come down to it. and as i said earlier, we still don't know how reeves is going to tackle it. now since posting this, simon has had a couple of people argue with him, including some that still think it's a batarang. however, he has replied by saying, i've heard that, but i don't buy it. it would be a very over designed piece of tech for such a simple function that results in it being discarded completely. batman has a version of proto batarangs in the form of both shurikens strapped to his arms. and i uh, now i completely agree with this. sorry about my voice there. now, i actually think that batman would have this on his chest just in case he needed to whip him out during a big fight. on top of all this, it looks like batman himself may actually be protecting his own body against knife attacks. now, huge shout outs to twitter account bat source for also noticing that batman's armor is actually shaped pretty much like a swat team members, whether it's the shoulder pads or the chest piece itself, it all seems to be designed around the notion that batman is going to be going head to head with some heavy hitters. in swat team usage, they protect particularly well against bullets, but also knives. and thus it makes sense that if batman is going to be going against someone carrying blades, that he would be equipped to deal with them himself. so in summary, i'm really settled on this being the case now, as i think it lines up with what we know about the production of the movie itself and also the direction that matt reeves is taking the movie. it's been said that this will be a darker, more grounded batman that is rooted in reality. and thus, to me, it makes sense for him to take real world weapons and bring them to his arsenal. the fact that the karambit is a weapon that was developed in the east also lines up with bruce traveling the world and learning specific martial arts methods. so i think everything sort of falls in place when you start to put it under scrutiny. obviously, i'm sure we've got a lot to talk about, so i'd love to hear your thoughts on this. make sure you comment below and let me know do you still think it's joe chill's gun or a batarang, or do you actually agree with our analysis? i'll leave that in your hands and try and reply to as many comments as i can. again, huge shout outs to simon. and make sure you follow big bat theory on twitter for more posts like this. if you want something else to watch that's dc related. and make sure you check out our breakdown of zack snyder's justice com panel, as we go over the clips and discuss everything that you need to know about the black suit and what was said during the discussion. don't forget that every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning the mcu infinity saga box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. if not, though, thank you for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 