welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season 6, episode 13. and remember, you can watch all these new episodes of fear the walking dead on amc plus. plus you can check out all their other awesome shows and lose yourself in their epic worlds. this episode centers on june. she's coming back to the damn settlement, but morgan's like, hey, you weren't there when grace needed you with her baby and stuff, so like, i'm you're not welcome here anymore. so she goes off on her own, deciding she's gonna make herself useful by researching the end as the beginning group. dwight shows up. he followed her out here to talk about emotions, and he brought sherry with him, who's like, on a real mission to find more gasoline. there's someone else here though, wow. wow. they're getting shot at while dwight and sherry are holding off the walkers. june goes to see who this guy was. she breaks into his rv, and he's got a whole like, detective map on the wall about the end is the beginning people. turns out it is a grumpy old man who assumed they were part of that group. but it's like, now we're on the same side. and he's like, well, you better prove it. he's being kind of a dick. so pretty soon june pulls a pistol on him, but it's like, whoa. where'd you get my pistol? i'm john dory. what? it's john dory from the future, time traveling here? oh no, it's john's dad. that makes more sense. we get his perspective now on the story. we've mostly heard from john jr about how he abandoned the family when he was young. remember, it all went downhill after the case of a serial killer that his dad had to plant evidence on to get put away. after that, he felt bad, started drinking a lot and realized his family was better off without him. but turns out that serial killer was theodore maddox. yes, it's teddy, the cult leader of the end is the beginning crew. what a wild bunch of coincidences. it's a really small world in the zombie apocalypse. meanwhile, dwight and cherry are tracking down june, but cherry's just like, in a huge rush for some reason, rides her horse so hard it dies twice. like yosher. are you okay? ever since they found her, she's been so angry. didn't even want to rekindle their relationship because she wanted to hunt down virginia. turns out defeating virginia didn't make her feel any better, so she's decided she's gonna go back to the source and take on her abuser. negan. yeah. she wants to drive back to virginia and shoot him in the face, then maybe she'll feel better. now, june and john senior have a plan. they're going to go back to john's cabin, where one of virginia's lieutenants is probably hanging out, and he might know more about the n is the beginning group. they swing by the general store and start to really connect about john, even though he's like, you know, abandoned him. and now he decides to abandon june 2. yeah, locks her in the back room, like, it's for your own good. and she's like, no, it's not. stop abandoning people. so old john makes it to the cabin and finds this guy. they scuffle for a while. it's like, what do you know about the end of the beginning group? and he's like, um, you know nothing. you know more than me. they scuffle some more, but then john cena's distracted by his son's tombstone, and oh, this guy shoots him, but then, blam, he shot two. dwight and jerry found june, and they made it here. june's able to patrol john up, and then they have the funeral for john jr. they never had. june reads the letter he wrote her before he died, and it's, oh, it's a tear-jerker. afterwards, dwight and sherry have a talk, and she's like, you know, that old guy's been hunting this same dude for like 40 years. maybe instead of committing myself to vengeance, i should learn to let go and move on with my life. and dwight's like, yeah, girl, that's what i've been saying. so june brings old john back to morgan's hidden valley ranch. like, yo, what's up? i found john's dad. and conveniently, he knows all about teddy. the leader of this end is the beginning group that we're fighting. so like, let's work together. and that's where episode 13 comes to an end. now, you already know amc plus is the place for all things the walking dead. but you also get access to a ton of other great shows. maybe you're into the punk fantasy world of the watch, where an unlikely group of misfits have to find the guts to save the world. a comedy adventure with wizards, werewolves and dragons. i mean, come on, i gotta check it out. discover the romance thriller, a discovery of witches, where witches, vampires and demons live among us. a dangerous mystery and a forbidden romance. this kind of thing's my guilty pleasure. if horror is your thing, you're just in time for shutters. halfway to halloween month with a packed lineup of new horror shows and movies. catch new episodes of creep show season 2, still the most fun you'll ever have being scared. looking for an action-packed crime drama, you gotta watch gangs of london. enter the violent streets of fictional modern london as sean wallace hunts down his father's killer and rises to the top of the criminal underworld. so click the link in the description to sign up for your seven day free trial of amc plus. now get all the walking dead content you love, plus explore the rest of their epic worlds. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tvn movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 