listen. as a huge Batman fan, I've followed various video variations of the Joker. I've seen him as a goon, a psycho, a Lego. he's been caught by scoops. he's danced a prince. he's been the best incarnation already. he's been oscar-worthy. he shopped at Hot Topic. but here we have one that comes off as less of a villain and more of a victim of Gotham City, or, as he puts it, society. this isn't really the Clown Prince of Crime who killed Robin with a crowbar, as he is the results of the 1% doing away with most people like they were trash, turning the city itself into a literal dumpster fire. is it practically a reskin of these two movies? yeah, but it's a really good reskin of these two movies. and it takes from one of the best Batman apples. if you've been looking forward to it, then it's probably everything you want and more. if you're against it, and yeah, it's gonna be as bad as you think it is. because, well, I'm not one to censor movies. I'm not one who believes that you shouldn't be able to watch whatever you want. it was what last year, the kids were still eating Tide Pods. so I do get the concern of kids just want to do things for the meme. I've shopped out Woodfield many times. I've never seen doorbuster deals like this. but I'd like to think we can definitely a good and evil in our media, even the director cast. but man, does Phoenix own this role. I'm not saying it's better than Ledger's pitty arrivals it. and yet, the best thing that could have happened to this movie was for it to not be associated with DC at all. let me explain. now we had mentioned how DC's anti Cinematic Universe is the best way for them to go, cuz I have honestly really excited for their stuff now. it kind of feels like I'm walking into a comic book shop when I go to their movies, where, if I may not like one of the incarnations that they have of a character, at least I know there's gonna be several others out there. it also doesn't limit the storytellers to an overall continuity or tone. and with this one man, they rearrange everything that we knew about the Joker. now, todd phillips is racing with adam mckay to see which one of these comedy directors can want a dramatic oscar first. but the filmmakers have gone on record as quote, the goal was never to introduce joaquin phoenix into the comic book movie universe. the goal was to introduce comic book movies into the joaquin phoenix universe. there was also, i literally described to joaquin at one point in those three months as like, look at this as a way to sneak a real movie in the studio system under the guise of a comic book film. it wasn't, we want to glorify this behavior. it was literally like, let's make a real movie with a real budget, and we'll call it F and Joker. that's what it was, sir. there have been a lot of real movies dealing with superheroes just like the movie. these quotes can come off super corny at times, but he does make a little bit of a point. if this movie had cut its budget to a quarter, kept the same crew, the same script, just took out all the DC license names, no one would have batted an eye. that I went at Venice. there's been dozens of films that have dissected killers. we've awarded them, we've studied them for seasons. but the difference here is that the audience is cheering for a really high-profile villain who's ripped his face off in the past. he's kidnapped, his therapist paralyzed. Hey, if Batman can kill, why can't the man who electrocuted his lover get his own falling down as father of the day? come on, I'm the bad guy. it's so effective at sympathizing with the Joker, I'll call him Arthur, that I have to give credit to Phoenix performance. I still prefer Sandler's uncut gems a bit more into saying, but sitting in a crowd of people cheering at the late-night bit man, if you've seen that scene, you know what I mean when I say I wanted a rush out of that theater faster than Jay Jay wanted his pictures. yeah, the movie is open to interpretation, with the cast overly emphasizing that in interviews, and I do believe that there is a version of it that drastically changes the way you see the movie. and people have come out, seeing it various ways. that said, I think we're all mostly here for Phoenix. they do last so much weight that they couldn't do that many takes, considering his body could barely handle going up the stairs. he would walk out on the cast or lose it at times in between takes because of all the pressure. Phillips was actually the one who gave him the journal to write all those hello darkness, my old friend notes, meaning they come from him, which y'all also voted that at some of the best lines of the year, before y'all even saw the movie. that said, I don't blame Phoenix for this role. he just played a serial killer and got praised. so I do see his intention as just as an actor looking for a great character study. Phillips, on the other hand, his mad. people don't like his jokes anymore, like he's acting like Joker in The Killing Joke dudes. making fans of Joker and those who hate the Joker all agree on one thing, Todd Phillips, shut up. Phoenix said he didn't want his character to be relatable in any way, even going out and saying, I didn't want to psych colleges to be able to identify the kind of person he was. and you gotta remember, this dude went off for a year, said he was retiring and done acting, that he was gonna become a rapper, and pulled his own late-night stunts. and what half the rails offer it just to be some experimental feature film, some documentary directed by Casey Affleck. yeah. when Luke came out, even critics were like, what the Curtis a Phoenix was the perfect person for the Joker. I don't think I'm gonna get his dancing out of my mind. he has a scene involving a door lock, you know, when you see it, that legitimately scared me. it had my palms sweaty er than a mess. and if you can put the almost 80 years of maniacal torture that this character has caused, if if you're okay with coming into this movie and seeing it as a completely different version of this character, you'll find a movie that critiques the higher ups and those in charge. it's definitely no parasite, but it subverts some other characters we've known and uses them as an example of the ripple effects the 1% has when it disposes of the other 99 like they're trash. when I suggest watching it's influences instead, because they handle the themes better, of course. but just like guardians became a generations first base adventure, I agree 100% with senior film critic on letterbox, David Ehrlich statements that the next indie stories will have an alter ego as a blockbuster. they're already scooping up those indie filmmakers and scooping up the gold. these caped heroes have become our new Greek gods that we idolize and worship. so it's going to be interesting to see where DC decides to take their future cinematic tale, especially if we get Jonah Hill's Martha. thank you guys. drinking out this video. I'm here to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. probably one of the biggest debates out of this one, besides, you know, people losing their minds, is the he's versus phoenix debate. and again, the way I would describe it is, Heath was darker, but Phoenix was darker. you know, like because once a supporting character, where his anonymity is like, highly emphasized, you not supposed to know anything about him, but in the other one, like, I know what medications Arthur was taken. my favorite will always be more careful steak in the animated series, if I'm taking the short cut out. but I would say Ledger, you know, he still has it for me, mainly because this scene alone, it's still coming true. upset the established order, everything becomes that said, I think we're all gonna miss the days of PBS and the Snider cut crowd, cuz, you know, at least those people, you know, they were arguing for they were defending a movie with heroes. this one isn't a hero. but as a fan of Bill DC and Marvel, I'm excited, you know, as a bigger fan of fanboys dueling each other out on social media, man, I am ecstatic. I like that they're finally both in the same playing field. both have different movies up for awards. I was seeing DC fans pull a bougie. I don't know if you ever heard people say tarjay instead of target the story, and they're calling this joke hair after one Venice. but hey, they're all doing different things, and as a fan, we get to consume it all. so we went, I love it. other than that, let me know your thoughts on Joe care. let me know what movies you're most excited for. and other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, so we can boycott Maleficent next 