people john here from fast films. and today we're going through a 2021 psychological thriller movie called homunculus. at the beginning of the movie, we see that a man is undergoing a medical surgery of drilling a hole in his forehead. then we are introduced to a man called susumu nokoshi sleeping in his car on the road. he wakes up and visits a group of homeless people in a park who are having breakfast outside their tents. he asks them about his friend, ken. they tell him that they didn't not see his friend for a while, then they went to check on him in his tent and found him dead. one of them tells susumu nokoshi that ken taught him a lot of things when he first arrived there. susumu nokoshi gives them the drink he bought and leaves. the group of people says that there is something fishy about him, because he doesn't seem to be sad about his friend's demise. in the next scene, suzumu nokoshi is having lunch at a hotel. he looks out of the window at his car that is parked on the road. then he buys a drink and leaves the hotel. at night, when he gets into his car, a guy knocks at his car's window. the guy asks him to let him in, as it is very cold outside. tsumu nokoshi tells him that he doesn't give a ride to strangers. the guy looks into his car and asks him if he is a homeless man. he offers him a job for hundred thousand yen. but susumu nokoshi shows him his wallet and tells him that he already has money. then the guy sticks a poster on the windscreen of his car. suzumu nokushi tells him to leave, but the guy tells him that the poster is about trepination and it is a simple human research experiment. he tells susumu that he will drill a tiny hole in his skull. he tells him that he knows it is scary, but it is not a big deal. suzumu nokoshi asks him to leave, but the guy keeps on insisting to him about the offer. he tells him that it is just a little hole and that his brain will not be harmed. he tells him that as it is believed that humans use only 10 of their brains during their lifetime. this trepination could unleash the rest of 90 cerebral capacity of human beings. susumu nokushi asks him to drill a hole in his own skull and tells him to find someone else for this, as there are a lot of people out there who need money. the guy insists that he should take the chance because he is homeless and has nothing to lose, but he can still afford to go to luxurious hotels. susumu nokoshi tells him that he is not really homeless, he just likes to take a break from work to know how it feels like to be homeless. he tells him that he wants to discover himself. the guy tells him that he knows that he is desperately trying to find something. he tells susumu nokushi that he can no longer get sad or happy about anything. when the guy takes his name, susumu asks him how he knows his name, but the guy leaves. in the next scene, nokoshi's car has been stolen, and it is revealed that it was done by the same guy. he met last night. the guy somehow persuades him for trepination and takes him with himself. he tells nokoshi that trepination is a surgical procedure that has been done since the neolithic period, and shows him pictures of people who drill a hole in their own skull. then he tells him that his name is ido. ido he is a medical intern and his father runs a hospital. susumu nokoshi tells him that he is on his own in chikunju. ito tells him that this is the reason why he has chosen him for this surgical procedure. before the surgery, he tells him that when a human is born, he has a gap in his skull. that gap fills after a year and a half, but the skull starts pushing on the brain. he tells him that if they drill a hole in the skull, it improves blood circulation and activates the brain just like how it was at birth. ito tells him that this experiment can bring out the abilities that have never been used before. then susumu nokoshi undergoes the surgery and ends up waking up in his car. he finds a note left by ido and meets him at dinner. ido tells him that the experiment will last for seven days, and he will give him three hundred thousand yen in advance. but nokoshi gives the money back to him. ito then plays a game with suzumu nokushi and asks him to find the card with the star symbol only by using the senses of his left side. susumu nokoshi then finds the card and they leave. as he's walking, a gust of wind blows into his right eye, and he covers it, rubbing away the dust. when he looks up with only his left eye, he's shocked to see the people transform around him into different shapes, sizes and creatures. he frantically wanders around the street with one eye covered, terrified at the horror he's witnessing. suddenly he bumps into a large robot homunculus that turns out to be a yakuza boss. the henchman pin him to a wall as the boss brandishes his knife. just as the boss threatens to cut off his pinky, nokushi has a vision. he pleads with the boss to stop what he's doing before he cuts his own finger. the boss stops and starts trembling and crying. the henchmen get confused and let nokoshi go, and they scutter away. nokoshi goes immediately to ido and tells him about what happened in the human monster hybrids that he saw. ido is excited and concludes this sixth sense as a side effect of the trepination. he asks nokoshi if he can see him as a monster, but he only says that he sees nothing, because ido is invisible. on the third day, nokoshi manages to get his car back and meets up again with ido. ido calls the monsters homunculus and concludes that the homunculus is how people see themselves. it's a horrific version of them created by deep stress and trauma. they decide to conduct more research and go to a brothel where, according to ido, a lot of people have deep issues in trauma. nokoshi sees only one homunculus, a girl with a number tag 1775, and calls her a sand monster. they follow her to a cafe, and ito quickly feels a strong attraction towards her and decides to approach her. nokoshi watches the encounter with one eye and sees the sand being sucked by ido's invisible body. the girl leaves, and nokoshi confronts a dejected edo. he sees that ido has red dots all over his body, and he quickly leaves, but not before handing nokoshi a cell phone that he managed to swipe from the girl. nokoshi spends the night in his car going through the girl's phone. he learns about her strict parents and the alternate social media account that she keeps where she posts about her sexual fantasies and pictures of self-harm. suddenly, some men appear around his car. the henchmen take him to their boss, who asks nokoshi about what he did to him. the boss doesn't like to feel vulnerable, so he drags nokoshi up by the collar, threatening him with a knife. nokoshi then has a vision of his trauma. it turns out that the boss accidentally cut off his friend's pinky finger with a sickle while they were arguing over a toy. he ran away and didn't apologize to his friend, and this memory haunted him for the rest of his life. the boss breaks down as he recalls the memory and his robot homunculus starts breaking apart, revealing a fragile little boy inside. the robot returns to its miniature size, and the boss, as his child self, bows down to the floor, crying and apologizing to his friend. he thanks. nokoshi quits the yakuza and breaks off his own pinky. later that night, the phone starts ringing. he meets up with the girl in his car. she asks for her phone and begins taunting him. he looks at her with one eye and sees the sand monster. but as he looks closely, it isn't sand at all, but rather millions of text symbols. he soon learns that the girl is traumatized by her strict parents and uses sex to rebel, taunting virgins like ito into giving in. but nokoshi is no virgin, and he pins the sand monster on the seat of the car and penetrates her. the sand-like material starts disappearing, revealing the cuts that the girl made on her body. nokoshi tries to suck the blood out, but she stops him, sucking back the blood from his mouth frantically. the sand completely disappears, and the girl returns to her normal non-monster state. the next morning, nokoshi is shocked to see that he has absorbed the other's traumas. his hand has now turned robotic and his leg is composed of sand. he runs to the hospital to medito and is asked to wait in line. he then sees a faceless woman. he falls back, shocked at her face, but at the same time, he can't help but feel like he's seen her before. ito arrives and takes him to his examination room. he tells nokoshi about a woman who absorbed the homunculi too and then killed herself. nokoshi doesn't want to die seeing these monsters, so he threatens ido to close the hole in his forehead. ito agrees on one condition, that he tells him what his homunculus is. nokoshi leaves, and the memory of the woman lingers in his mind. he rummages through his car and finds a business card signed by one named nanako. the memory comes rushing back to him, and he remembers her from an encounter at a bar. he remembers loving her, moving in together and just being with her. with his newfound memory, nokoshi traces nanako back to the hospital. he approaches her, and it turns out that she has amnesia too and doesn't remember him. to help her remember, he takes her to their old apartment. together they reminisce through their old stuff as nokoshi fills in the empty spaces in her memory. nanako breaks down for a moment, but nokoshi reassures her with a kiss. later that night, the two make love, signaling their reunion. unbeknownst to nokoshi, ito has been calling him all day. on the sixth day, as he hugs her, he notices the same wound on her forehead, revealing that she had also undergone the trepanation experiment by ito. he drives back to ido's room, but finds him gone. he ransacks his office looking for clues, and notices a framed family picture, his phone rings and its ido. nokoshi confronts him and learns that ido knew about him in nanako all along. ito also tells him that all the homunculus he's been seeing were illusions of his own world. before their call ends, ito tells nokoshi that the real nanako will remember the real world soon, and that sometimes some memories are better left unremembered. determined to save the love of his life. nokoshi searches for the drill in ido's office. meanwhile, ito arrives at their apartment, but this time a different woman wearing nanako's clothes opens the door. he smiles at her and calls her by her real name, chichiro. back at the office, nokoshi drills the hole back into his forehead. as he looks at himself in the mirror, his ability has returned, and once again, he sees his robotic arm and sandy leg. nokoshi returns to their apartment and is shocked to see an unknown woman wearing nanako's clothes. as he looks closely at her with one eye, the woman's face alternates between the stranger and the woman he loves. he begs her to tell her who she is, and she admits to killing the real nanako. as he touches her, he's sucked into another vision. chichiro is driving with her boyfriend at night. and after an argument, she tries to get out of the car. he stops her, and in turn, doesn't see nanako running into the road. chichiro was thrown out of the car as her boyfriend hits nanako and nokoshi. chichiro watches in horror as her boyfriend dies instantly and sees the dead body of nanako. in turn, nokoshi remembers his own memories of that night they had an argument, and he soon learns that she had a miscarriage. she runs outside and he pursues her, but it's too late. they run straight into chichiro in her boyfriend's car. chichiro apologizes and tells him her real name before she collapses. after tucking her in bed, nokoshi faces ido in the living room, giving him patronizing remarks. at this point, nokoshi feels defeated. now, with nanako dead, he literally has nothing to live for. as ito continues to taunt him, nokoshi finally reveals that his homunculus is water. at first it seems like it's invisible, but when gets nervous, bubbles rise up from inside him, ito is shocked and faces him, denying his accusations. as nokoshi looks at him, ito's water figure resembles his father, and a goldfish appears. he grabs ido by the arm and sees the visions of his real trauma as a kid. ito's father kept a pet goldfish and paid more attention to it than his own son. ito is starved with love and even colors his skin to resemble scales. one day, fed up with his father's negligence, ido deliberately breaks the fishbowl, leaving the fish to die. meanwhile, the grown-up edo trembles and falls to his knees, begging nokoshi to help him, since he's the only one who can actually see the real him, and that he can finally prove to his father that he's worth paying attention to. nokoshi tells him that it's no use, the homunculus is gone, and that they should just look at the other person and create their own world. ito breaks down crying, and despite everything he's done, nokoshi hugs him and comforts him, understanding the pain of not being seen. on the seventh day, ito drills a hole into his own forehead and stitches his other eye shut. as he looks at the sunrise. nokoshi gets together with chichiro, and even though he sometimes still sees nanako, the homunculus is now gone. thanks for watching, guys, 