hi. I got a bunch of requests for this movie called Alex Strangelove on Netflix that I knew nothing about. I start watching this thing, it looks like it was like young Ben Shapiro's coming-out story back from high school. clearly, this thing is more of a teen romance, right? I know that this is a whole demographic for some people, you know, they're gonna love it. to me, it was just a stream it that has some of the weirdest lines of the year. let me explain. so your boy, alex, is true to love, cuz that's, that's actually his last name, Alex true love. yeah, that's my actual last name. my man hasn't even gone up to bed, so not only does he not have an average, my boy don't even know if he's a lefty or a righty. hands are partnering with this girl for a phone class that they're in, and they start this like docu-series treating high schoolers like a National Geographic Safari, which is 1,000% accurate. but when your boy finally this ice, let's take a step up to the plate. do you want to come to the homecoming dance with me? oh, I don't care what they say about sex and stones. look at this, right? oh, this reaction alone hurts like a mother. fast forward a couple of days, and they actually do hit it off. they come across some of their friends. these two do too. I kid you not. they play the exact same characters in BO Burnham's eighth grade, which is coming up. I'm gonna tell you right now, y'all are gonna hate this kid when you see him in eighth grade. no, lie, if you don't already hate him in this movie. oh, my god, you're gay. that's very funny. no, no, no, really. there's nothing wrong with that. it's the 21st century. everyone gay. what are you? gay? [ __ ]. no. Alex and his girl decided to plan a night to finally do it. as if he's about to go and listen the draft or something. sex you so good you won't know what time it is. boy, do you know he practices on a monkey since he's never done it before. and I don't, I don't know if this was supposed to be like an age joke or something, but his mama walks in and my man can't finish monkeying around or buy or Paulie, what's Paulie. it's some new thing kids at our school or experimenting with Paula Murray. now, look, I know terminology is like a big deal nowadays, and I respect that. sure. I'm used to people twisting my words anyway. and people get offended just to get offended. but you know what? I am actually all for whatever you want to be. whatever Lyga me, sexuality you want to be, go ahead and do it. as long as you're not hurting anybody else. that's fine with me. you know what? everyone deserves to get their heart broken by someone. anyways, Alex ends up meeting a gay individual during some illegal festivities at a party, and kind of gets a crush on human shrek over here. who, that's not even an insult. shrek is beautiful. yeah, I got to stop putting beauty standards on men of different shades. dudes. about offer a fast pass down Pikeville. when Alex's girlfriend shows up, did you guys make out? what? no. why would you say that? I was joking. I like you. I like girls. I want to sleep with girls. what is your problem? nothing. but it's midnight and you show up here like this crazy stalker person. excuse me, they're like semi breakup, which causes her to lie. she girls, don't ever livestream problems with your boyfriend. and this guy ends up having these colorful hallucinations of Aldi brand cereal when he decides to seek professional help from a certified therapist. Jewish in a panic at the disco while jerking off to pictures of vampires. what? no, and you're not bisexual? who's that not how you're supposed to arrest your boy then decides to become a sex offender. and and whips out his burrito on school property, just to convince his friend that he's not gay. but alex proceeds to Elliott Yamin it since he can't wait. now, when the hotel night arrives, he's obviously got to talk some weird, dirty talk since his mind is somewhere else. man gets in any and says something even worse. poor choice of words. you know what? forget about it, boyo. she, she literally just clenches him out. so let's have this kind of a real quick and I'm open to the debate, right? if he kissed another person while he's in a relationship, is that not cheating? or do y'all give him a pass? because he's finding himself, even though he kind of made a promise to another person who he was in a relationship with. I'm just saying, because y'all called Kevin Hartless when he, when he found himself in the wrong place. of course, they'd end up breaking up. thrasher kid hooks up with another sex offender who's been keeping his creepy underage pics. and we get a bunch of scenes, that bunch of scenes that, when they're taken out of context, are hilarious. I'm gay. I'm a big gay homo. I'm still not gonna come [ __ ] a dolphin. I'd [ __ ] a unicorn. I'd [ __ ] a cute little [ __ ] furry panda bear. slurp on that sack. you are a hot, sexy chick, and I'm gonna ejaculate my erect penis inside your vagina if it kills me. is beautiful fashion - yeah. by the end of it, Alex gets back with this girl. Alex and doesn't get back with his girl, and he realizes that his true love was just a grade ahead. that's his last name. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I know some people are gonna love this movie. that's great. I know. I made a video on some other LGBT movies. I got yelled at for peeing for it, so I can definitely see that. Donald. this is the, this is the time stamp for those people right here. don't get it twisted. if y'all can take a you can take a joke. comment, like and subscribe down below. and let me know any other movies that you want me to cover and write it down in the comment section. and this kiddo 