welcome to the man of recaps. this is the witcher, season 1. what is a witcher? well, it's a badass monster hunter. he starts off the series killing this a spider zombie thing. when he fights he gets these crazy black eyes. yeah, witches are magically enhanced mutants. so normal people don't trust him. our witches are real nice guy though. his name's Geralt of Rivia. he travels around killing monsters with his best and only friend, his horse, Roch Carroll. it's kind of a funny guy too. any given situation, he only has one of two responses. one day, he's hired by a wizards drag a boar to kill a monster for him. what kind? before that's kind kind. it's like, bro, I don't kill people. I just kill monsters. stronger boar explains though, it's part of an ancient dark prophecy about girls that will be born during the Eclipse and usher in the Lord of Darkness, or whatever. he got most of them when there are babies and locked him in towers. but this one escaped and is after him. her name is rain free, and she was a princess before strike a boar tried to kill her. she's lived her whole life on the run. so grew up to be a badass bandit leader. but now she's here for revenge on straggle boar, and wants Geralt to help her kill him. he's like, yo, I don't get involved with stuff. I just kill monsters. she's like, what about sex? do you have sex? yes, he does. they get it on, but in the morning, she's ditched him. her gangs taken over the town, and she's holding a girl hostage to draw straggle boar out. so to protect the innocent, garol has to get involved. and it's one of the sweetest fight scenes I've ever seen. if you feel it's like fast moving, slice and all throwing swords. witches do have a little bit of magic, by the way. he can push people around. in the end, he kills her whole gang and fights rent free herself. and she just can't be reasoned with. he has to kill her. she dies in his arms. the townsfolk aren't happy about a Witcher massacre in their village, so even though he kind of saved them, they run him out of town. elsewhere in the kingdom of Sentra is the princess ciri. she's raised by her grandmother Queen because her parents died when she was young. but she's had a generally happy life, until one day they're under attack, and the battle does not go well. the kingdom Falls. grandma's like, yo, ciri. go find the witcher geralt of rivia. he is your destiny. we'll find out what that means later. but for now, the Queen throws herself out the window and serious gapes, but she's being chased by a black knight, and pretty soon he catches her. but what's this she's got? Oh, screaming powers. yeah, some sort of magic gets way. for now, elsewhere is yennefer, the hunchback. she's got a rough life. her family hates her, so when a sorceress comes up like, hey, how much for your daughter? he's like, you know, less than the cost of a pig. she takes you an affair to era two's, Oh, which is a school for magic. that's right, you're a wizard, Harry. Jennifer's not a great student, but she does show a lot of potential. Jennifer's not invited to graduation, but that's good, because she's turning these girls into eels. yeah, this was fake graduation for the students that didn't cut it, but as eels, they can still serve as magical conduits to power the building. her teachers like, Jennifer, you're the one with potential. you're gonna be a real sorceress. now back to the witcher. he meets a funny bard, yeah, skier who wants to tag along in an adventure. Geralt finds the devil he was hired to kill, but it's just a goat man. but goat man's got friends. Geralt ends up captured by elves. humans, per usual, are super prejudiced against elves, and in fact, killed most of them in the Great Purge a while back. gerelds like, yo, man, I know humans are the worst. they hate me too. and so he lets him go without much incident. but the bards like, you know, I'm gonna embellish this for the song, tell how Geralt of Rivia the white wolf slaughtered a hundred elves and saved the village. and the song is a banger. it turns into a huge hit, making garel kind of a celebrity and going a long way to making people like him. now, there are other witcher's out there, though they're very rare. this one's hard to kill a monster, but he fails. so Geralt shows up to try his hand. he works with the King's Royal wizard, Triss Merigold, and finds out the monster is austria, formed when the Kings sister was killed by a curse, but she was pregnant, the baby became a monster. turns out the king and his sister were doing it Lannister style, but the Royal advisor was in love with her and cursed her because he couldn't have her. Kings like, you know, instead of killing the monster, can you uncurse my daughter? and it's like, yeah, that'll cost you extra to do that. he's got a fight at all night til the Sun comes up. so he chugs his monster energy drink, makes his eyes all black. and that is one ugly monster. so he gets his butt kicked all night long, till finally the Sun comes up, and boom, princess on cursed. things are going great for yennefer. she's set to graduate and be assigned to the coolest kingdom in the land. and as part of the graduation ceremony, the wizards all get an enchantment to make them super hot. Jennifer's gonna pass on that though. she's got a boyfriend now who loves her for who she is inside. in fact, she tells him her deepest secret, she is one quarter else. but he lets that slip to his teachers, drag de Bourgh. so when one of straggle boars bros wants his niece to have the good assignment, he's like, yeah, we can't send yennefer there anyway. she's part elf. so now yennefer is gonna be sent to the worst kingdom. she breaks up with that dude, and he's like, yo, make me sexy. now, as part of the process, she will never be able to have children. but she's like, screw kids. I want to be hot. and boom, sexy yennefer in the house. she marches right up to the king of the good Kingdom, and he's like, yeah, I want this wizard elsewhere. yeah, skiiers given Carol tub bath as he wants him to come to a party with him. wait a minute. I know this kingdom, that sintra, that got destroyed at the beginning. and that's the grandma queen looking alive and well, in about 15 years younger, that's right, we're following separate timelines here. witcher's don't age. and Geralt story so far as taking place long before ciri was born. series story so far has been uneventful. she's on the run, hiding. meets a friend in the woods who shares his rat with her, but he's part L goes to a magic forest. there's a whole thing with the doppelganger. I'm not gonna get into it. tonight's party is, in fact, series mother's engagement party. she's betrothed to some douchebag Prince, but a mystery suitor storms into ask for her. and it's a little weird. he's not taking his helmet off. this isn't the Mandalorian. Oh, what? it's Sonic the Hedgehog. the Queen's like, go kill that monster. about Daryl steps in to save his life. he's like, this is clearly not a monster. it's just a dude who's been cursed to look like any job. in fact, he and the princess are in love. turns out, years ago, he saved the King's life. and as her award claimed, the law of surprise. what's the law of surprise, you ask? well, it's an ancient tradition in this world. you owe the person whatever. the next surprise thing you get is it's a way of saying, hey, don't worry about it. I'll just take the law of surprise. because normally it's not nothing. but in this case, the king returned home to find out his wife was pregnant. so the baby is destined to be with this guy. Queen doesn't care about destiny. he tries to kill him, but oh, the princess screams and boom, magic explosion. so Queens like, I guess I can't stop destiny. you lovers can be together. they kiss, and boom, breaks the spell. it's like, Witcher, I owe you my life. and Geralt slike, don't worry about it, man. I'll just take the law of surprise. but wouldn't you know it, right then they all find out he already got the princess pregnant. so gerelds got himself a surprise destiny baby. but he's like, yeah, I'm gonna deal with that later. now, wizards also don't age. and yennefer spent a few decades advising the king of good country, but it's turned out to be a lot less exciting than she'd hoped for. it's exciting one day though, when a magic assassin comes with his bug monster. they portal on out there, and yennefer realizes it's the king trying to assassinate his wife. wifes also a terrible person, like, hey, spare me, take the baby. so Jennifer lets her die and saves the baby herself. but the baby dies anyway. and yennefer is like, yeah, royalty sucks. I'm gonna go into business for myself as a freelance wizard, making boner potions for people. sometime later, gerelds fishing for a genie bottle. he's been having bad insomnia. just wants to wish for a good night's sleep. carolton, you a skier, fight over the bottle and end up breaking hits. Oh, gin gets away and attacks the bard. he brings him to the closest mage for help, and it's not other than yennefer of vengerberg. she's hosting a giant magical orgy. there is tons of nudity in the show, by the way. watch out. she and Geralt bond. she convinces him to take another bath. she's gonna heal. yeah, scare he'll be fine. but she's got her own agenda. she wants to summon the Djinn and make herself the new vessel, because she thinks that will heal her fertility. now she wants a baby. girl, it's like, yo, that's a terrible idea. it's not gonna work and will almost certainly kill you. so to save her, he pulls in the Latin and uses his wish to set the genie free. she's pretty mad at him, but it's like, yo, girl, I saved your life. and they're both kind of hot, so they decide to do it. some more years pass, and the witch is approached by this old adventurer with these two hot bodyguards. there's a dragon hunting competition, and he wants Geralt to join his team. gerelds like, you know, I don't mess with dragons. but turns out yennefer is in the competition, so he's like, i'm in. she wants the dragon's heart because she thinks that can cure her fertility. and it's like, yo, you're still on this baby thing? come on. turns out these two have booty called a couple times lately, but one always leaves before morning. but now they admit they really like each other. and so in the morning. Gerald's still their big step for any relationship. they team up with the Dwarven team, who lead them on a shortcut that's very dangerous, and hold adventurer diehards down to his death. then turns out the Dragons already dead, but it's got an egg. and the old man adventurer is the daddy dragon, a super rare gold one. it's like, hey, witcher, the real reason I hired you is to protect my egg. so Witcher and yennefer fight these guys off. magic kiss dragons like, hey, thanks. by the way, yennefer, the dragon heart fertility cure thing wouldn't work anyway. gerelds like, good cuz i don't want kids. but yennefer is like, yo, I do, though I guess this relationships not gonna work. now we've almost caught up to the timeline. queen of Sentra's preparing for war. Geralt comes to check on his surprise baby. it's like, I won't let you take my granddaughter. but he's like, yo, I don't want to take her. I'm just here to protect her. but the queen is totally unreasonable and locks him in the dungeon. now, this invading country is nilfgaard. this Black Knight is KY here, and he's working with the mage for Angela. they are super into some prophecy about a white flame. and we don't know much about it, but princess ciri is the key. the brotherhood of sorcerers is debating whether they should get involved. a lot of them are happy to let sintra get conquered because they keep refusing a brotherhood approved sorcerer. I guess their court wizard was a freelancer. or apparently he's like a druid or something. in any case, the Brotherhood votes to stay out of it. and as we know, Sentra falls. what we didn't know is that Geralt was in the dungeon during the battle. he escapes and cuts his way through these guys to get to Syria and protect her. but she had already escaped. she's still on the run, and one night gets captured. but, oh, a cough, eight magic powers do start spewing some prophecy, and when she wakes up, she's magically exploded all these guys. yeah, something special about her. elsewhere. dude being attacked by zombies, but luckily, witchers there to save him. there's a whole lot of them, though. so even though he takes them all out, he did get bit, which is super poisonous. and so Witcher spends the epic season finale of his own series passed out in the back of this guy's cart. he dreams about his pack. apparently raised by a sorceress, but one day she ditched him, and he was eventually picked up and turned into a Witcher. now you never joined some of the Brotherhood who wants to stop nilfgaard from conquering the whole continent? now, wizards are real strong. one of them is worth like 50 normal soldiers. but once they've used up all their magic, they're totally defenseless. Tris is there. she's good with nature. magic makes some farting, poisonous mushrooms. and for Jill the other side, has plenty of tricks of her own. this one, sorcerer vile Forge, is a badass battle wizard, going straight for the main bad guy. every time he gets disarmed, he magics a new sword and his scabbard. but he gets disarmed way too much. finally runs out of swords, kicked off the mountain, he survives, and he finds one of his wizard friends, but he doesn't help him. oh, he kills him. yeah, how Forge, secretly working with the bad guy. things are looking grim for our heroes. but yet, AFER's not given up. she pulls in the fire from the burning castle, and, foosh, unleashes it on the army. yeah, Jana, furs are real strong. that buys enough time for reinforcements to arrive, and the good guys win for now. meanwhile, seer, he's been taken in by this nice family, but she knows her destiny still out there, so she runs off into the woods. and who should arrive at that house just then but Geralt of Rivia. yeah, the guy he saved was that lady's husband. when he hears him talking about the girl who ran into the woods, he goes to check it out. and our plot lines have finally converged. these two are drawn to each other cuz destiny. she's too young now for it to be romantic. he's just a protector. he doesn't age though, so it might be like a twilight werewolf imprint situation. now, she was connected to gerelds fever dream where he was calling out for yennefer. so her first words to him are, who's yennefer? and that's how the season 1 comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 