[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka bada ditch cumberbatch. and this video we're breaking down episode 12 of the bad batch. what's han solo's favorite rapper? tupaca, it's, it's the way i tell him. now, the show is in its final quarter, and it's been a blast from start to finish. in this video, we're going to be breaking down the ins and outs of the latest release, including its easter eggs, hidden details and hints towards the biggest star wars canon full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out, then i highly suggest that you check out now. like the video, then thumbs up. you click and subscribe. you will if you think channel good is so bad. but thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into the bad batch. okay. so last week we traveled to ryloth to see the empire's aggressive expansion in full effect. senator had decided that he and the twilights would be better under their rule. and after his first appearance in attack of the clones, he's pretty much been in place to represent the corrupt greed of the senate the last episode very much laid the seeds for the origins of ghost and put the pieces in place as to why hera would end up joining the rebels. there were lots of comments last week about how hera had dropped her accent, and i kind of feel like this was put in place to show the distance between her and her father in rebels. we learned that after the death of her mother, that the pair became estranged because he went off to fight the imperials on other systems, instead of just focusing on ryloth. however, there was a moment when she did go back to her accent to plea with him. and she's one of the more interesting characters in the series. even as early as this in the canon, she's starting to question and resist the imperials. and the episode followed her as she went with gobby glee to collect weapons from the bad batch. it ended with rampart framing champ for the attempted assassination of senator. and that should be, you fully caught up. now occurred to the episode titled rescue and ryloth. and we start off with the planet looking slightly different to how it was last time. in the previous episode, it was bright and sunny, whereas here, a darkness reigns over it, showcasing the empire's new occupation. i absolutely love it when star wars does subtle things like this. and this idea of a shadow encompassing all hawkins back to a new hope. and it was also repeated last week when herrera was sitting looking at the clouds. later on in the episode, he watches probe droids roam the crowd with gunships pointing at the population. and it's a stark contrast from what we saw last week. we see that charm and co are now in prison cells, which look very similar the ones that cadbane had on his starship. the shield doors also look a lot like the ones that we saw at the end of the phantom menace, just before qui-gon became qui-gon. hey. now we hear the french accents in full effect once more. and shout outs to simon a birming on twitter for pointing out that this was put in place by george lucas. i know some of you hate when i go off and do my war comparisons, but potentially this is to mimic the french resistance, who were of course, one of the largest rebellions in the second world war. they're called insurgents. have points, but the imperials forget that this is their home and that they are the invaders. rampart threatens cham and his daughter. and this clearly irks hauser quite a bit. last week, a lot of you said that you think he's a clone whose chip didn't activate fully, and that he still retains a lot of his free will. this definitely could be the case, and though we don't get it confirmed in this episode, it's clear that he has a moral compass and will question orders if they involve killing innocents. he knows that it wasn't charm or his forces that shot, and he won't tar his supporters with the same brush. rampart pretty much threatens him with exposing this info. and the imperials clearly want to take down any insurgents. great little touch here. as well as the crates we see being moved around by the troopers in the background look a lot like the weapons crates that the bad batch handed over last week. on the outskirts of her home, hera has closed in, and she sees that the elite squad led by crosshair are hot on her heels. they haven't recruited another member since crosshair killed the last one. and i'd love it if one by one, they got picked off in the rest of the episodes, back with the batch. and mega makes their droid, gonky, go wonky when she tries to fix his power unit, which we learn is defective. this is a nice little nod to how everyone in the batch is defective, but that doesn't mean they're bad. on paper. crosshair is the only one doing what he's supposed to, and no one likes him anymore. nobody go on the dislikes there. if you still like him, you sucker. also, is it just me, or is crosshair's voice getting creepier and creepier? the guy sounds like a cross between the emperor and mr burns at this point. and he's all like, we must hunt down the batch. now i know this theory is flying about, that his chip didn't actually work either, and that he just went with the empire because that's what he believed the galaxy needed. i would love this twist. and at this point i almost feel that he's too far gone. hera reaches out to omega, and though the message isn't verbatim to what leia delivers in a new hope. the position and the way that she's playing definitely follows a similar sort of pattern. again, it's like poetry. it's sort of it. it happens over and over again, so that easter egg hunters can can point it out in in bad videos like this. now, i love how the batch shoot down the idea at first, but omega is the one who steps in and tells them what to do. she's really starting to have her own input just as much as the rest of the group. and thus they journey back to ryloth here they come face to face with chopper and hera. and they want the batch to free her parents from the capital. a little bit of trivia, yeah, chopper is actually voiced by dave filoni, who right now is doing god's work and also chops work. anyway, we also see how the empire are using lies and propaganda to make the twilight's turn on cham. and it makes me wonder what would happen if tar woke up and just told everyone what had really happened. i really don't know, as he is after power, so maybe he would potentially still throw cham under the bus. anyway, tech mentions that there's as many forces as there were on raxis, which, of course, appeared earlier in the season. a probe droid catches them, and it sends out a signal similar to what happened at the start of the empire strikes back. this alerts crosshair and its own. the hunter destroys this by hitting the central eye, which we learn in revenge of the sith was the quickest way to take down a droid. spooked by it, the batch want to bail organa, but a mega guild trips them, even though the probability of survival is less than two percent. probably now back with cham hauser, promises to protect hera, and it becomes clear that he was the clone commander on the planet during the clone wars. this adds a lot of way to why he's been wrestling with his orders. and hera and carl form a plan to break out her parents. i love how the second episode sort of becomes a jailbreak one. and hunter also realizes the kids are all right. he decides to allow them to come on the mission. and we join them at the dunya mining facility. as we mentioned last week, this material was used to build the death star. and it's clear that this is what the imperials are actually after, rather than the peace and prosperity that they promise. omega also refers to the batch's her brothers. and this is, of course, because they were clones. but beyond that, brothers is also used in the military to call people a band of brothers because of the bond that soldiers share. chopper stealthily sneaks into the base and hacks their system using his power charge arm, which we've of course seen being burst out by r2d2 at several points. it can be used to control tech points and please the ladies as it pushes all the buttons. unfortunately, chopper is caught, and it's on omega and hera to go save the day. the pair hijack a shuttle, and this gives hera a chance to show off her piloting skills. hera would of course, go on to become one of the best pilots in the rebel alliance. and she was last seen in the game star wars squadron by ea. she's in the game elsewhere at the batch scale of war. that's really bad. now, elsewhere, the batch scaler wall and you know, i'm quite proud of that one. now, elsewhere, the batch scale the walls of the facility, and hera helps not only to destroy the parts of the refinery, but she also buys them a distraction. they launch a small assault, and we see the cannons that were too present on the death star. and pretty much every star wars game ever rampart isn't too happy. and hauser ends up being put in charge of guarding the capital. the batch rescue the twilights, and crosshair sits with his sniper ready, whilst the elite squad close in. before they can be ambushed, though, hauser arrives and saves the day by warning them of the incoming carnage. hauser gives a speech to his brothers and attempts to get them to rise up and stand against the imperials. it actually works, and some lower their shields and weapons, showing that the clones still have free will. the distraction buys the batch time to escape. and i love how hauser and crosshair mirror one another as they both look up at the ship. here are two brothers where one has done the right thing, whilst the other has done the wrong thing. and it's nice that they reflect each other and show the dichotomy of their characters. hunter turns down the money, and though not fully intentional, the batch are once more helping to build the rebellion. this money will be used to arm up and resist the imps. and it shows just how selfless that the batch are. tech shows hera how to scramble a ship's signal, and they slip off into the stars. now we didn't see how hera's mother died, which i was expecting, but sadly, we do know that she's killed shortly after this, and that it drives a big wedge between hera and her father. back with rampart, he realizes that he has underestimated the batch, and he wants them on his side. he gives crosshair full permission to hunt them down. and he sits there thinking over what he would do. personally, i think that he'll end up capturing the batch. they'll be taken before rampart, and crosstail will decide to free his brothers and do the right thing. inspired by hauser, i would love it if they turn him into an all-out villain. but with his show, you can kind of see how it's going to go, even though saying that i've got most of my fan theories wrong. now, as for the show and how i feel about the series, again, another good one. and i like how each character progression feels natural instead of forced. you could easily take it that omega is force sensitive. but on the flip side of that, you could also think that she's as good as she is because of who she was cloned from. the mandalorian revealed early on that who had the force, and this kind of took away the attention from mando and made everyone milk videos about him. i like how omega is a lot more subtle than that. and though i don't think that she has the force, i still have fun watching people argue over that. instead of whether kathleen kennedy has been fired for the 50th time this year, the show has brought the focus back to star wars, and it's nice to just turn off from the controversy and enjoy for what it is. again, another great episode, and obviously i'd love to hear your thoughts on it, so make sure you comment below and let me know. we're running a competition right now and giving away three mcu box sets on the 30th of july. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. we picked the winners at random at the end of the month, and the ones from the last competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers. without the way, thank you for sitting through this. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 