why does snoop dogg carry an umbrella for drizzle? so, heavy spoilers. is doing a spoiler-free review? yes, i know. and whilst i try and avoid these like the plague, which actually might not be a good simile saying is how people are avoiding it, i just had to talk about the umbrella academy season 2. i've got a full laundry list of things that i'm not allowed to discuss, but what i can say is that season 2 is somehow, somehow, actually better than the first season. now, though this is a spoiler-free review, in order to talk about things, we have to all talk about things. so if you want to go in as blind as possible, then bail out. now, none of these things will ruin the show, i don't think. but they will give you an idea of what's going on in it. so yeah, i don't want to see no crying because i told you about things that happened in the first episode. i will, of course, be doing a full season 2 breakdown later in the week, so if you don't want to miss that, then make sure you smash the subscribe button. now, the season picks up immediately after the events of the first entry with the family traveling back through time to try and stop the apocalypse. number five, it did warn everyone that going back in time was risky, and it turns out that he was right, as it scatters the group across the early 60s and once more leads to the apocalypse, only this time it's much earlier. so once more the group have to band together in order to stop it, and also decide whether they want to give up the lives that they built in the past. now the season is a loose adaptation of the second graphic novel called dallas. but even if you've read that, the show still has some surprises in store. even though i've read most of the original works, there were some things that i'd forgotten about that pop back up. and they were just big reveals that made me want to keep binging this over and over again. the season is 10 episodes long, roughly weighing in at 45 minutes a piece. but even then, the pacing is incredible, and they pack the run with so many interesting reveals that it's difficult not to get swept up in it. because each character has been scared throughout the time period, sometimes raging from years apart. they have to sort of survive in the past. and thus they build their own lives. and these new opportunities allow us to discover what the characters would be like if they actually got the chance to be normal. in the first season, i really felt that some just got swept to the side, including diego and allison. however, here we get to see what they would have really been like had they not had all the crazy things happen in their lives. now these elements are in the trailer, so i think that i can talk about them, but each character goes on a really interesting arc. diego goes off the deep end and is put into an asylum due to him trying to stop events in the past. but he gets a fully fleshed out arc and goes way beyond the sort of batman parody that he was originally alison also settles into her new life, initially being quite subservient, before stepping up to the forefront of a civil rights movement. she kind of wrestles with whether to use her powers or not, and arguably has what i'd say is the most human arc in the entire season. bonya also retreats from things, and with the character that had the most complicated arc in the first season. they kind of build upon what she actually wants in life, rather than how she was sort of railroaded down a certain path, like how she was with hargreaves. i think ellen page probably had a lot of influence on how vonya's arc is handled. but what they do with her works really well, and it actually makes a lot of sense in context with the first season. she was a character that didn't really get to have a family the first time around, and this time she's sort of trying to do whatever she can to keep together the one that she creates in the past. it's really gripping, and once more, ellen page completely nails the role. now, luther becomes a fighter for a mob boss, and klaus a cult leader. the scenes that he gets are absolutely hilarious, and they also have some amazing music to them too. klaus and ben have a sort of double act together where the former is making these outlandish statements, and the latter is sort of winking at the audience as if to say, look how stupid this all is, which i think works really well. klaus is one of those unique characters that only comes along once in a blue moon. and there's not really a bad scene with him in the entire season. he actually tries to right one of the wrongs from the first season. and seeing the struggle that he goes through, being unable to change anything, whilst also being worshipped as a god, is a really, really good watch. now i have to say that out of the bunch, five shines the most. i think people will walk away from this entry with him being their favorite character. eden gallagher, who plays the role, has an extremely bright future ahead of him, and once more, he manages to capture the presence of an old man stuck in a young boy's body to great effect. five is sort of the driving force of the season. and whilst everyone gets their own arcs and lives, he's the one who comes in and brings him all together. also, he gets to do some of the the glorious things in the season. i think by about the second episode, you start to see him as the leader over luther, because he's just such a dynamic character. i think it just goes to show how good a season can be if the casting is correct, which i feel is throughout this season, from the core group to the additional characters, which i'm not allowed to really talk about here because netflix will shoot me. don't tell them. now, time travel story lines are some of my favorite things to watch and read, and i think that they did an incredible job with what was here. every character feels serviced. and because it's set in the past, they also get to interact with a lot of key characters, not only from the show's history, but from our history itself. this leads to a lot of cool easter eggs that i think fans of the 60s will definitely enjoy. fans of the 50 so get the get the bloody hell out here. now, hog grooves is back. and though we learned very little about him in the first season, that's completely changed here. initially we were told that he was an olympic gold medalist, inventor, architect, probably youtuber, crappy, crappy youtuber, just like his hero definition and whatever other strings he had to his bow. but here we get to see firsthand how he must have accomplished these and how he may have had more sinister goings on in the past. one day, i would actually love to see a hargreaves prequel show, or to have him as a full main character, as he's just that interesting. the soundtrack is incredible too. and whether it's golden brown or a cover of billy eilish, the music is used a great effect to add a lot of weight to the action scenes and things on screen. i know show is perfect, and i think that where season two is let down is in its villains. there are actually three swedish triplets from the temps commission are trying to erase the group from history. and their mute, for the most part, just showing up to cause some trouble whenever the show needs them to, to ramp up the action a bit. they do introduce new villains, such as carmichael, aka the talking goldfish. and though he's interesting to look at, i think you will probably have the memory of a goldfish when you think about how much he brought to the season. sorry that that. that joke was atrocious. now, on top of this, the finale is a bit sort of left field with what they do with some characters. and personally, i feel like they could have ended the season one episode earlier and not had some of the moments where where they jumped the shark, or rather goldfish, sorry, ruined it again. however, they do pull it back round. and it tease more things for season three, which i'm definitely excited for. i probably made that all sound worse than it really is, as i'm just trying to create a balanced review. and it's the family that takes the main focus, which is definitely how it should be, as they're clearly the most interesting parts. in conclusion, all of them get really well developed arcs and feel fascinating to watch. i really hope that kevin feige is just sat scribbling down notes from this for their inevitable x-men reboot, as this is how this story should be done. we don't constantly see the powers being used all of the time, and this is because the story of the group takes center stage, which, in my opinion, is how it should be handled. you could quite easily strip the superhero elements out of this and still have a really interesting plot, which is a complement to how well everything is developed and handled. in summary, as i said earlier, this is better than the first season in every single way. the story is better. the characters are better. the acting works a lot better. better, better, better. bye, bye, my butter. overall, the season was an incredible ride from start to finish. i think that after this, the umbrella academy will be cemented as one of not only the best series on netflix, but one of the best comic book tv shows of all time. it's just that good. umbrella academy was phenomenal. and it gets a 9.5 out of 10. okay, so i'd absolutely love to hear whether you hyped or not, and what other superhero tv shows you love and think are worth checking out. make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you want something else comic book related to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the new snyder cut clip and panel that happened over the weekend at justice con. we talk about all the ins and outs of things that were revealed, and it's definitely worth watching if you want to know more about the movie. don't forget that every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning the mcu infinity soccer box set is leave a like, subscribe with notifications on and drop your thoughts on the umbrella academy. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. it massively helps us out, and you get access to content early. you can also come chat to us on our discord server link below, or heavy spoilers on twitter. if not, then thank you for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 