welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about high life. a group of criminals serving death sentences are sent on a mission in space to extract alternative energy from a black hole. each prisoner is treated as a guinea pig by dr dibs benos, who is fixated on creating a child through artificial insemination, but has yet to find success. sexual activity between prisoners is prohibited. the ship is equipped with the box, a device obsessively used by the crew to masturbate. dibs murdered her own children and husband before attempting suicide. monty pattinson, the only celibate prisoner, rejects dibs sexual advances. monty is serving a life sentence for killing a friend for murdering his dog as a child. monty's only friend on the ship is cherny benjamin, who is drawn to the onboard garden because it reminds him of earth. pregnant prisoner elektra obiano delivers a baby, but it dies, and later she does as well. the captain, chandra eidinger, develops leukemia due to radiation and has a stroke before being euthanized by dibs one night. male prisoner, etter ray mitchell finds a female prisoner named boyz goth and her roommate, mink, tran to their beds and attempts to rape boys. nancy buzzak, the pilot, intervenes, but etta ray attacks and overpowers her. monty arrives, throws etta ray off boys and beats him. when monty leads boys away to be treated, mink stabs etta ray to death in the hallway. dibs begins doubling the amount of sedatives each prisoner receives. later sneaking into monty's cell and raping him while he is sedated. she then injects his semen into boys who produces a healthy child that dips dotes on. but monty is unaware that he is the baby's father. as the ship approaches the black hole, nansen prepares to pilot a shuttle around it. unbeknownst to the other prisoners, boyz kills nansen with a shovel and takes her place. the shuttle travels through a molecular cloud that alters its trajectory and causes it to dive into the black hole, where boyz explodes due to spaghettification. mink later attacks dibs and injures her, but is then killed by monty. dibs informs monty that the child is his, before ejecting herself into space. cherny commits suicide, and monty buries him in the garden according to his wishes. now the only surviving prisoner, monty removes the bodies from the ship's morgue, dresses them in space suits and releases them into space. monty struggles to raise the baby, whom he has named willow. he attempts to make repairs to the ship, but her frantic cries through his helmet speakers causes him to drop a tool and lose it in space. much later, when willow has grown into a teenager, they encounter another ship similar to their own. monty boards the ship, but finds it carrying stray dogs who have survived by eating one another. willow begs monty to bring one back, but he refuses, implying contamination could potentially sicken or kill them. the ship moves closer to the black hole, and willow convinces monty to board a shuttle with her and journey through it. monty takes willow's hand as a yellow light source grows ever larger and envelops them. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 