something tells me you're going to do great things here. thank you for this opportunity. guys, we are more than halfway through preacher season 2, but don't worry, we'll be here all season long. you can find me on Twitter at Ryan Eric P please come say hi. and also be sure to subscribe to GameSpot universe. we do a whole lot more than just preacher, like twin peaks' Game of Thrones and Rick and Morty. let's first jump into the plot of episode 7, which is titled Pig. and it starts in Vietnam with, well, a pig and a seemingly supernatural event. and were finally reintroduced to the white suit wearing hair star, who arrives in Vietnam in a white Mercedes truck. that's where all the Atlanta Falcons Superbowl championship gear went. so crowds have formed to witness a miracle at hand. and what is it exactly? the miracle is seeing a pig fly. literally. this dude can't wait to upload these photos to Instagram. but hair star isn't so pleased. cut to New Orleans, where it's a regular old early morning in the French Quarter. the drunker carted off to sleep off their hangovers. and the dead? well, thankfully, there aren't any dead yet. jesse pops out of the hundred and eighty seventh the jazz club in new orleans, if you're keeping track. he's clearly been a busy man, drinking up all the rat water whiskey in the French Quarter. and he's also having doubts about his search for God. meanwhile, Danny is having trouble breathing. tulips still doesn't seem the same after her run-in with the saint of killers. and Cassidy wants to take a break and just have some fun. so team preacher heads to the Hurt Locker. The Hurt Locker is a spot where you can bet on who can take a bullet to the chest. it's a perfect spot for Team preacher, because who better than Cassidy to step in front of a gun? so Jesse, tulip and Cassidy pull a scam. but it was more than just fun and games here. we knew that team preacher needed to let off some steam and that Cassidy would survive the gun shot. but the most important moment happened between Cassidy and tulip. and I love that. okay. tell now, that kiss may have been harmless to tulip, but Cassidy wasn't acting at all when he said that he loved her. also, Jessie was watching the entire thing, and he brought it up to tulip a few moments later. obviously, we're headed for more drama between these three, like we saw in the comic books as the love triangle between Jessie to it, but Cassidy heats up. yeah, that kiss forecast look pretty fun. very convinced. yeah. after Jesse and tulip go home, we get an interesting combo between Cassidy and Denis. well, actually, Cassidy doesn't understand a lick of French, but luckily, a passed-out French professor wakes up to assist in translation. we learned that Denis is dying, and that he hates Cassidy and wants to be turned into a vampire, but Cassidy doesn't want any part of this. we then get some backstory on hair star and how he joined the Grail. yes, we find out that he's a sociopath, a sexual freak with some alternative fighting skills and a master of seduction with a high tolerance for pain. he also knows exactly how to eliminate all competition. oh, and he has some amazing one-liners. what if I told you that our organization feels exactly the same way you do, like a 10-inch dick? I'd need to see it to believe it. he's the perfect man for the job of heading the Grail Samson unit, which handles all false prophets. so if there are any contenders of Christ's throne, its the Grails job to get rid of them. in case you're wondering, that's even included Abraham Lincoln. yes, the Grail killed Abraham Lincoln. so after learning the ropes of the new gig, Starr is immediately self promoted by pushing his boss off the building. yep, he's a real go-getter. back in New Orleans, Jesse befriends that doomsday preacher that he saw on the street earlier. they share a beer together when discussing the end of the world. notice how these two are framed in this shot, one cast in light and the other in shadow. so how does one know when the apocalypse is near? and there has been an uptick ever since Tom Cruise exploded. no question the Cubs waiting keep this flying pig. it's real rat the god stuff, right? but the doomsday preacher is more concerned that the apocalypse is used as a distraction because people are really scared of themselves. this seems like the perfect time for Jesse to take a long, hard look in the mirror and listen to his advice. jesse is seriously concerned about the 1% of his soul that he's sold. and he's in need of some enlightenment. as we mentioned last week, even selling a fraction of your soul is some serious business, and gonna have major consequences down the road. back in Vietnam, we find out that hair star killed the flying pig and the entire village. I forgot to mention to you earlier that he doesn't really care about collateral damage. we then end on stars next target, Jesse Custer, who's watching the news report on the TV. and it sounds eerily similar to Stephen Hawking who knew he too was working for the Grail. are you a scientist? no. so that's where episode 7 ends. but I still have a few more observations to share with you guys. but beware, comic book spoilers ahead. first off, clearly, tulip has been living in her own personal hell since the run-in with the saint. she's reliving this same nightmare over and over and over again of the saint of killers shooting her. remember, in the comics, the saints guns were literally made from the Angel of Death sword. so they are straight-up evil. whoever holds the guns can see the souls of the saints victims. that's a whole lot of people. I like the idea that this was adapted to any touch from the saint himself instead of his guns. that would explain the horrors that tulip is dealing with ever since he grabbed her. her only solution to the problem is by going back to the Hurt Locker and taking countless bullets to the chest in hopes to desensitize her reaction to the visions. speaking of tulip, maybe the whole act at The Hurt Locker wasn't an act after all. maybe she does have feelings for Cassidy, after realizing that he has always been there for her and that he's genuine with his intentions. bottom line, there's a whole lot more drama ahead for these three in even more reasons for drama. Jessie straight-up lied to tulip about the saint of killers. he could have just told her that he was chilling at the bottom of a lake. she thinks he's in Hell, and she definitely will not be happy when he returns, and all of their lives also be in danger. I want to go on the record and say that Danny will get his wish. cassadee's mind might have been changed after his overnight stay at the morgue. but even if he decides not to turn Danny, the old man might be able to get another vampires help. I'm literally thinking of any excuse to give us a Carius. from what we know in the books, let's just say Jesus Christ lineage isn't doing too well. that's what inbreeding will do. it will be extremely interesting to see if and how they adapt this storyline for the TV show. and finally, that brings us to hare star who tracked down Jesse for different reasons. in the books, he actually wanted to replace the inept ancestor of Christ with the all-powerful Jesse Custer. but here in the TV show, it looks like he's just trying to eliminate him completely, as he would with any other false prophet. what are you looking for? serial numbers. annika, this is the best way to know your target is through concealed intimacy. it's in the handbook. who doesn't belong. help whoever you are. Wow. Oh. [Music]. 