mi6, operative james bond gains promotion to oh agent status by assassinating two targets, traitorous section chief dryden at the british embassy in prague and his contact fisher in uganda. the mysterious mr white introduces stephen obano, a high-ranking member of the lord's resistance army, to achiever, an albanian private banker, to terrorists. obama entrusts lichifer with a large sum of money to invest lucha for subsequently buys put options on aerospace manufacturers skyflate, betting on the company's failure. given his insider knowledge of a terrorist attack in madagascar, bond pursues bomb maker malacca to an embassy, killing him and blowing up the building in london. mi6, chief am admonishes bond for causing an international incident and ignoring her orders to capture malacca alive. clues point to corrupt greek official alex dimitrios, whom bond finds in the bahamas. after winning his 1964 aston martin db5 in a poker game and seducing his wife solange, bond pursues dimitrios to miami and kills him. bond then thwarts the destruction of sky fleets prototype airliner to recoup his clients lost money. la chaffer organizes a high-stakes texas hold m tournament at the casino royale in montenegro. mi6 enters bond in the tournament, believing a defeat will force lichifer to seek asylum with the british government in exchange for information on his clients. bond is paired with vesper lind, a british treasury agent, protecting the 10 million dollars by n during their train ride, they assess and make insightful guesses about each other. in montenegro, they meet their contact, rene mathis. bond seems to gain the upper hand, deducing la chaffer's tell. obano ambushes leche for but allows him to continue playing to win back the money. obama's bodyguard spot spawned and vesper, but bond kills him and obama both. after comforting a traumatized vesper, bond loses his stake because lichifer has been tipped off about his own tell. vesper refuses to cover the five million dollars ribeye, but fellow player, felix lighter, a cia agent, agrees to stake bond enough money to continue in exchange for taking let jeffer into american custody. le chaffer's lover, valencia, poison spawns martini with digitalis retrieving an antidote and defibrillator from his aston. martin dbs v12. bond passes out, but vesper rescues him. bond returns to the game, which culminates in a 115 million dollars hand that bond wins with a straight flush. apparently tipped off by mathis licha for kidnaps vesper and uses her to trap bond. lichifer brings the captives to an abandoned ship and tortures bond to reveal the account number and password to the winnings, but bond refuses. mr white bursts in and kills leche fres punishment for betraying the trust of his organization by gambling with their money, leaving bond and vesper alive. bond awakens in an mi6 hospital and has mathis arrested as a traitor. after transferring the winnings, bond spends time recovering with vesper at his side, and the two fall in love. he resigns from mi6 and they run away to venice. when m reveals the money was never deposited, bond realizes vesper has betrayed him. he follows her to a hand off of the money, where gunmen take her captive. as soon as they spot him, bond shoots the building's floatation devices, causing the foundation to sink into the grand canal. he kills the gunman, but vesper is imprisoned in an elevator, plunging into the rising water. seeing bond wishes to rescue her, she locks the door, indicating he should save himself. bond is unable to free vesper before she drowns. mr white escapes with the money. emin forms bond the organization behind le chifron one threatened to kill vespers lover unless she became a double agent. when bond coldly renounces vesper as a traitor, saying the [ __ ] is dead. m deduces that she likely made a deal later with white, trading the money for bonds life. bond returns to service, realizing vesper left her phone to help him. he checks the contacts and locates mr white at an estate in lake como, shooting him in the leg. 007 introduces himself. the names bond, the names, bone, james bond. james bond, 