before i begin, let me start by saying, you know what's wrong with this movie? not enough pleasure. the stars of our movie today are bob elrond ike and ted load. our store begins with, who trinity wham in a pickle. why? hell if i know, but it has something to do with some light-sensitive government agents, a dominatrix outfit from the 90s hot topic, and a body double, because, i see that, honey. it's nice and shiny. then they go to a restaurant, and then, i don't know where, she just starts kicking us and chest and flexing like she's elastigirl. then she makes a phone call on her very futuristic flip phone and tell somebody her line was hacked by someone who's stalking that chinese. and he tells her that she's living in a superman doctor who bill and ted mashup, where a phone booth can save the day. then she sees the popo, and it's just a bunch of all the way to the phone, and then it starts ringing, and then it keeps ringing. and she does some more of that, and answers the call and gets run over by a mack truck, except that she just up and vanished like a farting pleather pants. but our story really begins over here in this stinky apartment. i mean, look at this place and tell me it don't reek to high heaven smell like some microwave ramen noodles mountain dew in a toilet that won't flush with this brilliant bro named neo. see, i know this fake, because if he's a hacker, he should either be half that size or twice that size. there's no in between, when folks who sleep at day desks can seek nutrition from ramen noodles and mountain dew. but he's ripped and hot as [ __ ] with perfect skin, because this make believe. he then wakes up to some advanced 90s sexting technology, but if you read this line, it sort of sounds like an old lady trying to get laid. oh yeah, hard party in y2k edition tonight. they gonna party like it's 1999. for my some clearly canadian spin that dc chalk girl, your shoulder blade about to poke me in the eye. so anyway, she introduced herself as trinity, and then he's like, oh, girl, you consume me anytime, anyplace. you invade my space. and she whispers in his ear, like, i know how you never sleep. i know about your secret love of sugar ray. i know how you be stealing hits like on napster. and i know how you live alone and watch sex in the city in your underpants while you contemplate aiden or big. the next day, neil is being lectured by his boss about how his ain't special and how he thinks the rules don't apply to him. and while he isn't working, he gets a special delivery of a nokia, which morpheus calls and says, there's some agents coming for you, neo, but don't worry. i'mma guide you out of there. and if that don't work, just throw the nokia at them. you can take three of them out with the weight of that thing. and then neal's like, and then trinity's like. then the agent is like, we know how you never sleep. we know about your secret love of sugar ray. we know how you be stealing hits like all napster. and we know how you live alone and watch sex in the city in your underpants while you contemplate aiden or big. but neil won't help them find morpheus, because that's who they're really after, morpheus, because they know what he did to tina. and i hate this scene right here, because it made me ask the big questions, like, if you don't have a mouth, could you actually breathe through just your nose? because sometimes one nostril gets a boogie. and just before i realize i can open my mouth, i get a little panicked. but honestly, this solo looks like my grandma when she takes out her dancers. oh my god, where's my teeth? and while neal's playing, i have no mouth, and i must scream, they put this shrimp in them. and well, neo, good night. sleep tight. don't let the belly button bugs bite. neo. meet my people under this dark, rainy bridge for extra drama. then we're going to extract that thing that sort of looks like a terminator sperm a [ __ ] t-time in the morpheus mansion. and when they walk in, murphy is just standing at the window with his back to the door. but you know, right before that, he was looking at the people saying, is neil here yet? oh boy. i can't wait to meet him, because he's a neo fan. boy. and murphy's look like the kind of guy who got a watch with a calculator on it. and then he offers me a choice between a day quill and a nyquil. and if he takes the dayquil, he'll finally wake the [ __ ] up. if he takes the nyquil, he'll stay here and live forever in that rat infested hellhole, slurping up them ramen noodles, plunging the john and finding out that kerry chooses big, and then just gets a divorce in a reunion show without some answer. take the day quilt, neo, lord jesus. so, long story short, the pill really came up, but not as bad as he'd have been [ __ ] up if he'd hung around his joint to hear about this sex and the city revival. so he wakes up in some pod full of embryonic fluid, a chickadee getting hatched from my egg, who pops out of that slimy looking, quacking nasty waking up a grown damn man with no body hair, not even eyebrows. and then you get flushed and take a ride down the slip and slide from hell with your little ted bear naked, floating in a sewer of god knows what, until morpheus borrows one of them claw thing is from 25 cent machines from the walmart lobby. i used to love that machine. got myself a dale earnhardt pillow. got mama care bear. give me enough colas, i too could have rescued the savior of the human race. and neal just sit there looking back and forth at trinity. and murphy is like, without my body hair, i'm still sexy. then he undergoes some procedures that looks like acupuncture from hell, and then relaxes there in nothing but a loincloth. damn, give the man a blanket. he's so cold. he's got that whitish, bluish hue. then it says something like, neo, did you know that our entire existence is an illusion? we are not really in the year 1999. we are, in fact, being played in a constant marathon loop on amc sometime around the year 2021. then it gets a tour around the fancy nebuchadnezzar. then marvel's pokes something into neil's brain. and apparently, in here you get to create your appearance. but i don't know why they choose to look like this. i mean, if i could pick what i look like, i'll choose somebody extra hot, like enrique iglesias, without the mole. no offense, mama, she got a little mole here and there. so apparently they i took over the world, and humans decided they could black out the sun because that's what they needed as an energy source. and who the hell is vegetables anyway? but the machines realized they could just use humans as the batteries they needed. and when some of them died, they just turned into soil and green and feed it right back to the living. and it's the circle of life. but neo can't handle this, so he flips his wig, comes out of the simulator and just tosses his cookies, which looks more like milk, tosses his milk. and then neal's like, i can't go back, can i? damn fool. why the hell you want to go back where people glue your mouth shut until you can't breathe if you get a boogie and inject your terminal sperm? and we're told it's overflow every time you take them out and do piss after 10 hours of intense mental downloads, uploads and installs. neil wakes up with this profound, enlightened revelation. i know kung fu. so morpheus wants to test him, and he's like, bring it bit. then they fight, and neo finds out he ain't all that. and trinity is nervous because she knows how man gotta make the jump, and if he don't make the jump, then he ain't her man. round and round we go. so that future savior takes a leap of faith, but he can't walk on there, and he bounces like a bad chick. and they're like, what does it mean? and trinity just disappear, like it don't mean. neil got a fat lip from that virtual fall, and he's like, why and morpheus is like, the body cannot live without the mind. well, i don't know about that, because, frankly, i know a lot about is walking around pretty mindless. but then morpheus tells him a bunch of deep like, life is a lie. people don't want to realize the truth. neil, you paying attention? or were you looking at the lady in red when everybody else is wearing black? you have asked out a girl. she turned out to be the lord of rivendell. the moral of this story is neil's the only one who can beat some elvenness. why? because you're the main character, dumb bit. hey, let's meet this friendly fella named cipher. too bad he's a good for nothing sellout who's willing to get all his friends killed so he can go back to the matrix where he ain't got to eat this slimy little hominid grits. after breakfast, they take neal for a little squeaky walk to get his fortune told. and sofa tips off the fuzz. then neal learns how to manipulate mata from some child that look like the last airbender. then she tells him some trippish like, did it ever occur to you that neo rearranged is one, as in the one? too bad you're not special, but either you or morpheus is going to bite it. well, that sucks, but hey, at least you got a cookie. but, i mean, there's no cookie, so you didn't get a fake cookie. right as they're about to hightail out of the matrix, the bobo shows up. then this pipsqueak says, say hello to my little friends. and then pipsqueak dies. and then the rest of them start climbing through the walls trying not to die. and with all the squeaking inside for sneezing, it looks like they're gonna die. and then mophie's makes a distraction so everyone won't die. then it looks like morpheus is gonna die, but he just gets taken prisoner. but they beat the hell out of morpheus, and they expect me to feel sorry for him after what he did to tina. then cypher gets out before everyone else, christifies those two wholesome brothers, kills this cool ponytail guy and this pink cosplayer. then just as he's about to short circuit, neo's noodle tank is like, peekaboo. bit operation rescue hike from elrond is a go. so they save morpheus with lots of pew pews and boom booms. and after neal plays limbo with some bullets, trinity is like, how'd you move so fast? but what she's actually thinking is wonder how fast he can oodle his noodle. then a dramatic feather lost hug, and now morpheus is home free. but then trinity almost dies. and then she don't. then there's a long fight, and you hear that? mr anderson, that is the sound of thomas the tank engine. then neo's like, toot, toot. [ __ ]. then there's a long chase, then he almost dies, and then it does. and then it don't. true love's first kiss. wakes up snow white. then neal shows us he knows kung fu. and then there's a big boom, boom and some smooch, mooch. then neo calls the ai and talks a bunch of smack, and then flies off to the nearest circle k for some ramen noodles and mountain dew. the end, let's offer a special thank you to these lovely muffins for their amazing support. kristin off, star kitten, isabelle, dissie, race lobert, gabriella, c chris, oh be geezy, dick, caterish, david c whiskey, john k nora, c nettie, j cheetah, gal, maria, t nanu, nana, colette, l collegee and donny b. four movies explained for i'm jeb adair. mama, you got my rama ready. 