potential spoiler alert. the following recap is for the 1990 two-part television special. it the 2017 film. it may follow similar plot points to the events in this recap, you have been warned. [Music]. in Derry, Maine, 1960, a young boy named Georgie is lured to a storm drain by a strange yet seemingly kind man dressed in a clown costume named penny wise. penny wise reveals his malevolent nature and rips Georgie's arm off, killing him. Georgie's older brother Bill, and six other outcasts children who form a group called the losers Club, discovered they are all being tormented by the same mysterious clown. the group consists of the overweight and intelligent Ben asthmatic Eddie, who lives with his overbearing mother, Beverly, who lives with her abusive father, the comical Richie, Jewish Boy Scout Stanley, and african-american outcast Mike. in turn, all of them are tormented by a gang of local bullies led by Henry Bowers. the losers theorized that Pennywise is not just a deranged man in costume, but is an alien creature that surfaces every 30 years in Derry, to murder children. they dub him it to avenge, Georgie and others killed by it. the losers venture into the sewers where the clown lurks. they are followed by Henry and his friends, Victor and belch, who threatens Stan, only for its to kill Victor and belch, but spares the terrified Henry, whose hair turns white. it catches up to the losers and grabs Stan, bragging that he is immortal and eats children. guessing its powers are based on imagination, the losers fight back using the same power, melting. Pennywise is faced with imaginary battery acid, and Beverly smashes a hole in his head using a silver projectile. Pennywise escapes wounded, and the seven make a promise to return and kill him should it resurface. Henry is arrested and institutionalized when he falsely confesses to murdering his friends and the other children killed by it. in 1990, Mike, a librarian still living in Derry, hears of the mysterious death of a girl named Laurie in her backyard, suggesting Pennywise has resumed murdering children. Mike, summons his six friends back to Derry to fulfill their vow. bill has become a horror novelist married to actress. Audra Phillips then is an architect. beverly is a fashion designer in abusive relationship with Tom Rogan. Richie is a late-night TV 2 Eddie runs a limousine service, but still lives with his mother. and Stan is a real estate broker. while five of them agreed to come, Stan commits suicide in his bathtub and writes it on the wall in blood. the remaining six are individually harassed by Pennywise before reuniting for dinner, though Pennywise frightens them there too. they learn of Stan's suicide shortly after elsewhere. and older Henry visited by penny wise, who sends him to Derry to kill the losers. Audra also arrives in town, but falls victim to its paralyzing deadlights and falls into a catatonic state. Henry wounds Mike, but is killed by his own knife during a scuffle with the other losers. with Mike hospitalized, the five remaining losers decide to destroy it for good. they descend into the sewers once again, encountering it in the form of Georgie, they'll overcome the illusion. the losers confront it in its lair, who now appears as a monstrous spider. Eddie is killed by hit, but Beverly mortally wounds it with her slingshot. and the losers tear the spider apart. they removed the comatose Audra and Eddie's body from the sewers, burying him in derry Cemetery. the losers go their separate ways, free from its torment forever. Ritchie is cast in a film. Beverly and then get married and are expecting their first child. and a micro cover, bill manages to coax Audra utter for catatonia by going on a ride on his childhood bicycle, which had once freed a young Stan from his fear. with it gone, the losers can move on with their lives and leave Gary behind. [Music], 