welcome back to another exciting video of cinema recap. today i'm going to explain an australian science fiction film called 2067, in which a world in the brink of extinction invests every ounce of hope in a time machine experiment. and once it's running, a message from the future comes back. send ethan white it's one thing to go on a journey attempting to find a cure for a loved one, but it's another thing entirely when that adventure involves time travel into the future and being confronted with evidence that, despite the promise of returning home with the solution, the mission was a failure. of the many resplendent sites found within visual effects artists turned director seth larney's 2067, this is one of the more haunting realizations, and the scene my mind races back to whenever i internally debate whether i would recommend the sci-fi mind bender or not. so let's dive into the story. but before we start, don't forget to hit the like button and also subscribe to her channel to get some interesting stuff in upcoming videos set in the eponymous here, the film depicts a dystopian world in which humanity is close to extinction with the complete disappearance of the trees. the natural oxygen doesn't exist any longer. people must rely on its synthetic variation, but because of its exorbitant price, poor can hardly afford it. the first half of the film takes place in the only city in the world in which electricity is still available. in the year 2067, earth has been devastated by climate change, with all plant life on earth extinct. civilization has collapsed around the globe. only one city in australia has been able to hold out against these catastrophic changes, thanks to synthetic oxygen produced by crony corp corporation. however, this oxygen is tainted and gradually causes a deadly affliction known as the sickness cody smith, mcphee is ethan white an underground worker living in the titular feature that has been ravaged by climate change, deforestation in just about every other way human beings continuously [ __ ] up planet earth. such abuse in mother nature has rendered oxygen non-existent, meaning that society now uses artificial oxygen to get by, but mostly just walk around wearing masks. some have been able to adapt to such a dramatic change, while others, such as ethan's wife, santh, are slowly dying from not having the real thing, as if she's suffering from a terminal illness. one day, ethan is called before regina jackson, the chronic horror cto, who explains that the sickness will eventually wipe out humanity. during a test to the chronicle, a prototype time machine that quantum physicist richard white had worked on before his death 20 years prior, the scientists received a radio signal from 470 years in the future with the message to specifically send ethan to them in hopes to finding a cure for the sickness and preventing the extinction of humankind. ethan is asked to be sent into the future, he refuses, as he might never be able to return, and as he resents his father for abandoning him and his mother. but santh and ethan's guardian and work colleague, jude, managed to change his mind. after surviving the traumatic time displacement, ethan finds himself in a lush rainforest with only a device permanently fitted to his wrist by his father during his childhood and a hand computer named archie as his only surviving pieces of equipment. following archie's instructions, he finds the entrance to a bunker-like structure, and before it, a skeleton wearing his jumpsuit and with a bullet hole in its skull, as well as a decaying archie and the familiar wrist device. shocked by the discovery of his apparently inexorable death in the near future, and sick from eating poisonous berries, ethan is rescued by jude, who followed him through time after his life readings transmitted through the chronicle were failing. after sharing their findings, they follow archie's directions to another still functional door, which is revealed to lead to the chronicle lab. it is there that ethan's wrist device is revealed to be a dna analyzer specifically made to grant him access to the chronicle, which sets itself for automatic reactivation in four hours. from a holographic recording left by richard white. the duo learns that the chronicle project originally entailed the reactivation of an atmospheric monitoring station, which would ascertain the earth's atmosphere's breathability in the future. and then transmit the data back to the past. when first activating the machine, richard was surprised to receive a message to send his own son to the future. so despite his misgivings, he prepared ethan's wrist analyzer. however, an immediate follow-up mission was rendered impossible, because safely sending living matter through time required an operation length from both sides. and the data showed a power failure in 2474. the activation of the chronicle triggers a malfunction in its nuclear power core, threatening to unleash a nuclear explosion before the countdown is completed. this is the power failure that the data had previously indicated. ethan and jude make their way back to the power core, which is located beneath the overgrown ruins of their home city. finding the ruins littered by skeletons including synths, they conclude that a curse against the sickness was never found. when jude attempts some comforting words, ethan recognizes jude's voice from a recording he found on the decaying archie computer, taken moments before his future self was killed, telling ethan that he's saving ethan from himself. chu directs ethan at gunpoint to the reactor's control room. unable to activate the emergency override, ethan allows himself to be locked inside of the pressuring chamber to initiate a manual reboot. he succeeds in rerouting the power, preventing the meltdown and reopening the control room. with 37 minutes to spare, the duo returns to the chronicle lab, where ethan finds another exit that opens the entryway next to a skeleton. ethan suffers a nervous breakdown and implores jude to kill him. what jude refuses to do, judah confesses that there was no actual hope of ever changing the future. refusing to believe that, ethan locks jude in a room and placed back his father's log from the day that richard died. ethan learns that his mission was a sham from the beginning. jackson intended to flee from her dying time into the future with a chosen few to start the new while richard maintained the hope that the return message must have been sent by somebody indicating that there is yet hope for more of humankind, in order to prevent its abuse richard keyed the time machine to ethan's dna. but when richard's colleague announced the machine could be rigged to send a person to the future one way, jason killed richard. jude was appointed as ethan's guardian to ensure that ethan would be sent forward in time to repair the power failure and stabilize the time portal. once ethan returned to 2067, jackson would have him killed. he then tries to shut the chronicle down, but jude moves to stop him. when ethan refuses to fight him, jude, guilt ridden, commits suicide. just before jackson can put her plans in motion, ethan sends the send ethan white message into the past, along with a copy of richard's recorded murder. and archie hundreds of live jungle plants in a farewell gift to seth. he then destroys the chronicle. this changes the timeline. in the past, jackson is arrested after archie transmits the recording to a new station, and the plants are used to revitalize the planet. in the future, ethan's corpse is gone, and ethan discovers his formerly ruined city is advanced and populated the ending of 2067 depicts a time traveling scene, which is indeed a masterpiece full of well executed close shots and effects. the ending indeed blew the mind of the ones who watched it. but the good quality of a movie is how it portrayed the entire scene perfectly. cody smith mcphee placed the lead in the movie as ethan white. ethan time travels to the year 2474, wherein he sees that humanity is wiped off, and earth has the time to heal itself. also, ethan to find out the person who sent the message and also seek local help in order to get back to his time. but is just stuck through after he eats a poisonous berry, and the hallucination scene begins. just then jude comes and saves his life, and thereafter he lives. ethan is confused, as the source of the message was coming from some facility that he deserted years ago, as the facility opened via his own dna. and then a hologram of his father clears him the whole scenario, the entire plot clears out. now, as the hologram tells ethan that the time machine is set in such a way so as to set a signal when earth heals itself and becomes habitable once more. at the end, i'll say that larnie has a strong eye that makes up for a lot of the cringe-worthy dialogue. 2067 is a low budget affair, but learning makes the most of what he has, employing a vision of the future that isn't metal and fire, but green with vegetation. we're all hoping for a future that's green, right? we hope you enjoyed our today's video. if you did like this video, smash the like button and subscribe to your channel and stay up to date with the latest and interesting videos. 