[Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain barely lethal, a teenage movie about an assassin who gets intrigued with the lives of other teenagers. she then decides to fake her own death and enrolls herself in a school. will she find an ordinary life like the other teenagers? let's find out on barely lethal. barely lethal begins by showing a building located in a remote area. the building turned out to be a special school for educating assassins. there are many girls who become students in this school since childhood. these girls have been trained with heavy training, use firearms, fight and perform many dangerous stunts. a man got out of a luxury car. his name was hardman. this man is the head of this school of assassins. hardman then trains the girls there to kill with a doll object. but one of the girls didn't kill the doll in front of her. instead, she hugged the doll like a toy. but her demeanor was definitely not a hitman's hardman then broke the neck of the doll in front of all his students. this girl's name is meghan, or agent 83. while next to her. there is another girl named heather, agent 84. since childhood, megan and heather have been rivals. actually. megan doesn't want to be a hitman, even though she has the skills. hardman saw the potential in megan and made her a valuable asset. not only that, megan is also very proficient in martial arts. she was asked to fight heather in a fight until they growing up. meghan always managed to beat heather. megan is then assigned to russia and carries out a secret mission. of course, she was very adept at disguise and successfully carried out her mission in germany. while on a mission, megan sees a group of teenagers having a party. in her little heart, she longed to experience adolescence like those teenagers. getting a mission to china, megan often spends her free time watching teen movies. she hoped to experience a loving teenage time like in the movies she watched. upon returning to the school of assassins, hardman begins to reveal their next mission. they are asked to arrest a hitman named victoria. it turns out that megan was chosen to carry out the mission. heather didn't like it and was jealous because she wasn't the chosen one. megan finally carried out her mission. megan pretends to be a prisoner captured by victoria's agents. and when victoria was off guard, meghan quickly beat and tied a hook in her hand. victoria was successfully kidnapped and taken by a plane. but at that time, victoria did not remain silent. she kept shooting at megan, who was below her, until meghan had to fall into a river. at that time, hardman managed to catch victoria, but she lost meghan. meghan, who was stranded on the riverbank, took the opportunity to escape from hardman. meghan then threw away her tracking watch, as if to reveal she had died while on a mission. megan is finally free from hardman's trap. she then applied for a student exchange program. finally, after choosing several families, she decided to choose the larson family as her adoptive family. the day finally came when megan would meet the larsens. the little family picked her up. there was her host, single parent, a boy and a girl who was the same age as her. the girl's name is liz. when she arrived at her new home, megan was so happy because she was greeted with so many cute decorations. her host mother asked liz to be a good friend to megan, but liz seems to refuse and just doesn't want to care about megan. the next day, megan went to school, but she didn't expect that her makeup would look strange and flashy. the students in the school looked down on her and mocked her behind her back. but it turns out that behind her indifferent attitude, liz still cares about meghan. she then gave her a clothe and left. at megan's school, there was an audition of school bands. during the audition, megan met a guy named roger. megan also came on stage to audition, but it turned out that she actually got ridiculed by the present students. at that time, there was another guy who came with a guitar. this guy's name is cash, and he's definitely a great singer. megan just fell in love with cash. when she walked into class the next day, megan met roger again, unexpectedly. in her class, there is also cash. the teacher said that he would pair his students as group work partners. realizing this, megan uses her skills as a spy to hack the system and make her a co-worker of cash. the next day was so much fun for megan because now she was cash's school project partner. and it made the other students jealous of megan. some girls then decided to prank megan. they say, if megan wants to make cash even more fascinated by her than meghan should audition as the school mascot. megan decides to audition as the school's mascot. unexpectedly, she was the only participant who auditioned. and sure enough, now megan has to wear a big mascot uniform. but when she was the school mascot, suddenly a car stopped on the side of the field. several men wearing black masks immediately attacked her. megan believes the men are members of the secret agent trying to kidnap her. she immediately beat them. however, it turned out that those men are the students who always pranked the school mascot. megan was embarrassed and immediately ran away. megan was so frustrated because her high school life was not as she thought. the scene continues to the headquarters of the assassin school. victoria, who had been captured, began to be interrogated by hardman. then heather appeared and started telling him some important news about megan's whereabouts when she returned to school. megan was so shocked that her action of beating up the men in the field went viral on the internet. this means her whereabouts can be tracked by hardman. it turned out that the viral video also attracted the attention of cash. cash then invited megan to come to the cafe where his band practiced. the invitation clearly made megan fall in love with him even more. megan was reunited with roger at the cafe, who almost beat him because megan thought he was a bad guy. cash appeared and started singing for megan. megan was even more fascinated and fell in love with cash. meanwhile, roger could only stare at megan from a distance. while on her way home, megan had no idea that she would be kidnapped. she was reunited with hardman because she did not answer his questions. hardman then injected an honesty drug. finally, meghan said it all as if she just wanted to have a normal teenage life. after being interrogated, meghan was returned to her host parents house. liz and her brother immediately rescued megan, who was lying in front of the door. but megan, who is still under the influence of the honesty drugs, begins to give liz wise advice. according to her, liz should open up to the outside world and be more confident at school. megan eats lunch with roger, but when megan saw cash, she left roger and had lunch with cash. the next night, megan and liz came to a party that was hosted by cash. megan was shocked to find heather at the party. megan asked heather why she followed her to the party. turns out heather was at the party because she was asked by someone. on the other hand, liz meets a man named gooch. unexpectedly, the two have similar personalities because they are both not open to the outside world. slowly, love began to emerge between the two. meanwhile, it turns out that heather is also passionate about cash. megan and heather then compete to gain cash's attention. that's when roger came looking for megan. but he was so sad when he saw megan and cash kissing. roger then decided to leave. one morning when she was about to leave for school. meghan had no idea that hardman was disguised as a bus driver. it turns out that hardman asks megan to rejoin his assassins club. victoria has managed to escape, and he needs megan to catch her. but megan turned down the offer, even though hardman had warned her that this was the last offer for her. megan then go with liz. but in the middle of the trip, there is a car following them. it turned out that a mysterious man had tried to shoot them. that's when megan swapped driving positions with liz and immediately drove away. megan was forced to confess to liz that she wasn't an ordinary teenager. she is a trained assassin agent. megan struggled to avoid the car that kept chasing her, until she managed to outwit the car and hit it. but when she checked, megan couldn't see anyone in the car. megan then calls hardman because she is confused as to why heather was trying to kill her. it turns out that heather has now joined the victoria team and has become their enemy. megan asks hardman to send her weapons, but hartman refuses, because now megan is no longer part of hardman's assassin group. megan is stressed, and then meets with roger. turns out roger came to make sure meghan was okay. roger really cares and likes meghan. meghan then apologizes to liz for putting their family in danger. the next day, meghan and liz's relationship grew closer. they even shop together for the upcoming homecoming party. their closeness also makes liz's mother very happy. the homecoming party arrived. now both of them are busy dressing up beautifully and going down to meet their boyfriends. they arrived at the homecoming party. the party looks so lively, and they are having fun. but when she was chatting with cash, megan didn't feel the chemistry with cash. megan then saw roger, who was standing alone. meghan began to express her feelings to roger, and actually roger also really liked megan. but suddenly, heather appears and says that she is now roger's partner. realizing this, megan was so angry and couldn't accept that heather got roger. she even threw her shoes at heather, which at the same time caused a fight between the two, because both are trained agents. megan and heather's fight was very fierce and horrific. finally, after heather almost killed megan, liz suddenly appeared and stabbed her in the leg with a knife. megan and liz immediately ran away. unfortunately, when they got home, it turned out that someone had infiltrated megan had no idea that victoria was in her living room. she even managed to hold megan's adoptive mother. that's when megan finally finds out that victoria is agent zero, one who was the first student at hardman's assassin school. victoria said that she was just like megan, who wanted a free life and got out of the assassin school. victoria even offers megan to join her crew, but megan refuses. the two got into a fight. but megan is not as tough as victoria. when almost killed, suddenly hardman and his men appear. finally, hardman managed to catch victoria again and free megan and her adoptive family. meghan, who was so happy, immediately hugged hardman. hartman then gives megan the key to his helicopter so she and liz can get back to the homecoming party. but apparently, meghan couldn't find roger at the party. she immediately left and finally met roger. megan revealed her feeling to roger, and so did roger. both are so happy because they love each other. megan finally brought roger to come on the helicopter with her. in the back, there's liz and gooch. the couples ended up flying in a helicopter and enjoying their homecoming night in the sky. [Music], foreign 