listen. the platform is the Spanish thriller that wasn't a midnight award at TIFF, where we got the chance to catch it last fall, and outside on Netflix for anyone who happens to be at home to watch it. it takes place in this tower where an administration is put two cellmates per level. and our screening, the director talked about how everything was super detailed, from the building being two kilometers tall to each room being six meters squared. there's 333 levels for the total 666 people that can be hosted in this place. and it may also all be underground, logistically speaking. but overall, it would total to 333 pounds of food going down this platform each day, with enough calories for everyone that said it only comes down once a day. and since they swap what level you're on each month, you can find yourself feasting like you're at the bacchanal one minute, and next thing you know, it's like you're at a grocery store aisle, since everyone took all the essentials, and that ain't good. hope you originally the script for this was meant to be a play, which I think would highlight the metaphorical aspects a bit better. cuz warning. for some this is one of those movies that leaves you with you to choose what the interpretation is going to be, whatever the answers are. and some things may even be imaginary. but there's also a swap in the title, with the Spanish being a loyal translating to the whole, rather than the platform, like it's named in English. because Americans obviously would focus on the actual donut over the doughnut hole, its kimonos, pytheas. oh yeah. so big spoiler warning in case you haven't caught it yet. let me explain. so, going in, our main protagonist wakes up on level 48 with a cellmate named Agassi and what they call the pit. laughs. anyway, I'm not a central thing. he entered the hole on his own will to help quit his habit and to get a degree. which leads me to assume that people have made it out in order to retrieve said awards, unless that's what they want you to believe at first. Gordon thinks he's gonna wrap this movie up in ten minutes by asking the people up on top and bottom to just take their fair share for the betterment of ostracism on Easter and they cuss him out. I would say they don't give a crap, but they literally do. later, godean 3me end up getting along. he explains to him the rules of the pad now, you can't keep any food, or the floor will get too hot or cold. he meets me Haru, who writes down every month in search of her child. Gordon reads donki hote through him. three Maga see reminisces on the murder he committed with the self sharpening knife that they allowed him to bring inside. this is one item, you know, it's pretty much your average freshman year, until they get swapped to floor 171. then it's senior year, being elderly. three magazi forces this young man into self isolation and gives him a week before he starts filleting him with the samurai plus. but I guess he forgot what day. me Haru comes down, because she slices and dices after almost starving to death. Goten wakes up on level 33 with the lady who interviewed him. and she's in there because she believes in the system, if you will, and believes that a moment to spawn that she has breast cancer. so, yeah, clearly something else was up there. but for whatever reason, this lady decided to bring her dog. what did you think was gonna happen? well, when I wake up in 202 the next month, she doesn't hang around long enough to find out. I think he lost a Samana steam. is there a path? and then it must be near the nemah steamed open of a hearty. you may be sure who's Thomas Perez? of course not. then a particular is a Manasi emergency. semana family. I dunno. 70 o rasul'allah. goring then wakes up on the 6th floor after starving for that month, and is able to convince his new roommate, bajada, to join him down the pit to pretty much become lunch ladies, hoping to ration the food in order to send a message up to the administration. going to the fair on this game, Nintendo's end of this panel, primera D our logo best said, I don't think he meant it's hard. but whatever reason, they turn into Super Smash Bros and forced the first dozen levels not eat any food. and I'm just surprised, after being on level 202 and getting sliced, that Gordon even has enough energy to be finding out here, like he's right Palpatine. either way, on their way down, they try to save me, how to, only to get fatally wounded themselves, leaving Baja to die. I'm floored. 333, but I actually find a child. now, this is where you get two explanations, right? yeah. they got the metaphor one that ends up with Gordon being dead, or the strictly narrative one that breaks down what the administration's goal was for this experiment and whether Gordon pounded at the end or not. and it also adds regarding being dead. that will explain the Tower of Babel comments, and how everyone misinterprets Miharu, thinking she has a boy down there in the tower, when she's really trying to tell them about the little girl at the bottom. in other words, that this administration sounds a lot like Belko. it's a little jigsaw issue with the way that they're setting up people for an experiment, the goal being, as goating explains, not to promote solidarity, but observing what leads to it so that they can control it on the outside. Budhia, so we have you. so bellavita, like I said below, head up on pretty much it's the ultimate way of collecting human data and seeing how they work, and then using it to their benefit to see how they can control people in the real world. I think it makes for a crazy ending, and one that may spawn more sequels, since the director has stated that there are towers all around, which could mean international versions of the platform everywhere. that said, it would be a little ironic to milk out a franchise when you consider what the movie is supposed to represent. I say the movie touches on capitalism and socialism. would be jovial, but every character is meant to represent a form of ideology that contrasts coatings and sets of models journey. even their names. Goering stands for fry, and he's clearly meant to look more and more like his book counterpart. donki hote their Baha is the religious one whose name stands for spices. doom Agassi, ain't none of that. he's like the Theo who tries to get away with stuff. emo guty is supposed to be named after a graveyard complex, but she's clearly the type who would speak to the manager. you know, she had the privilege to choose her. so MIT was going to be unlike the rest because she was working for them, and she started on a level where they fed her, but she was also oblivious to what was actually going on, thinking that there was only 200 levels. she was goofy enough to bring Pluto in with her. so, you know, they kind of did leave her looking like a Wells Fargo employee. I've heard viewers comment that the rich aren't really a part of the experiments. and I'm like, yeah, they're on the outside running it. they're the ones who are setting the rules, so they don't have to run by them, like ording says. they profit off it. if there is a kid at the bottom, then I personally don't think that they care. so I don't really see them sending them up as a message that's gonna change their hearts, in my opinion. the panna cotta, which wasn't even their idea, but was told should be their message, does make it. we just saw that bit earlier in the movie, when the guy got so mad it was sent up with a hare. the 333 levels representing a personal hell is, yeah, yeah. but I do think he dies before he reaches the kid, and then that's why we see him having Trippier hallucinations and Nic Cage you know, just like Inception, whenever the top wobbles, you know, here it's the fact that the top level stop getting hot or cold when they keep the panna cotta after the platform leaves, meaning that they're going against the rules, meaning that everything after that descent is him fulfilling something he wish done. that's not enough. years ago from the director, important to me. so overall, I think it's a decent movie that I wish fleshed out more things, or at least, you know, wasn't cut down as much. at our Q&amp;A, someone asked about the diploma and what field it was in, and they ain't have an answer to it, which, you know, I would think that the field the main character won a degree in kind of would define who they are and what they would do. in my opinion. the script does manipulate certain scenarios as well in order to keep with its balanced critique, bit unlike Timo's brood away, possible and maybe overly violent one second, and then goofy just for the sake of a cameo the next. but most of all, I just wonder if the intents of it not being a social critique, but a social self criticism. as a director puts it even matters in a time where we were, what do we watch a movie called us and still find a way to blame other people afterwards? villanova like a mastaba. they can be, you know, mismo. the stability. lalala daddy.com. work to areas - Noelle - sis - Vera's any level says, Oh, sister anle, all those ten toes, my father, yourself. solid REO siestas Anelka Tov a pasar. elbow will come up to our ears cuando lo que tienes. and also, with intimacy, fear about optimism. thank you guys checking out this video. and Kirsten know your thoughts down below in the comment section there. there may be possible sequels. you know, the director has gone on record saying that there is a cut that's twice as long. so again, I feel that there is many times scenes I got cut, and you don't realize that there is an answer for them, but when you get, you know, the more mainstream produced version of the movie, it leaves a lot of viewers with answers. so I'm sure that there's a lot more that they could do with what was cut. you know, they could make a franchise like cubed. they're already bringing it to America, probably, just like they did with parasite. in fact, the director even has a thousand and a thousand page storyboard breaking down every moment, even combining the score with the sound effects of the platform, which is a really cool thing that he does in the movie, like having all the noises also be a part of the score. and he's got all the character movement, so he might make a graphic novel into that, just like bonds thing you're making. but supposedly he doesn't want to be a part of any follow-ups. okay, no, no ether video, yes, have you. in my opinion, I'm not looking forward to big studio heads profiting off these stories, because that's not ironic in any way, shape or form. but to be honest, I'm sure most of us are just out here like going right now. other nanofication, are your thoughts? what interpretations you got from it? I'm sure that there's different things that you may note the more times that you watch it. we're what you would like to see if there was a sequel, because there probably will be one. or any other movies that you want to see us cover. other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you'll wake up on floor 1. 