yo, this is recap raps. we bout to get you caught up on the flash seasons 1 &amp; 2. it's gonna be fast, so try to keep up. here we go. to understand what I'm about to say. believe it'd be impossible a nerdy little Slugger become speedy and unstoppable overcome to trauma that's so visceral and sad. man, like a melodrama just got physical with Batman. only difference is the dads alive in prison frame for a murder that a yellow blood committed. Barry's taking them by Joe on the CCPD spine and his finer daughter, iris. Barry loves our unrequited, crazy, stolen from the particle accelerator. very struck by lightning and a winter sign was later and acquainted. where you lab, where they lock the front door? a young, hot nerd GW, of course. wells Peyton Cisco each a special kind of Gd, does the miracles of science liters that a convenient. there you have it, star lab to in science. discretion. I'm speaking to you on you may have a question choice. find his inner strength. the superheroes do very funny, kill the man who's in the yellow suit. Barry finally say that he loves iris. I don't know. I guess we'll have to find out over 22 more episodes. an ordinary guide for antic like CSI. and he's the fastest man alive. what's so fast? impossibly. no one else's got speed. flash shop, the only one affected by the tempest. and the quantity of metas in this radius is endless. basic paper, electricity and telepathic panels. so some are simply cycle ostracism. are huge central cities in a ton of [ __ ] on a weekly basis. which doesn't see? my client is one cisco gets the name it. you got one who is got cold feet? I want to try rainbow Raider, really, dude? I kinda like it. not everyone turned evil, though. some simply changed honor. you got fire hands, picture carvers, brains. the trouble metahuman that is like mr. Lazzaro. I can tell the little deeper, but I'll sleep for tomorrow. now. we need all superhero things in scientific gibberish, real human stories about family and relationship, very making new friends, going out on dates. so secretly, he's crushing on his own adopted sister. wait, but his main objective is the yellow suited villain they raise a couple times. if I got was kills them with the help. well, they can be tutored. be that articles from the future. and his real name is eobard thawne, berries opposite, and he will be dealing again in reverse-flash. where's cisco when you need iris ease around? she's mostly cavorting some hot cop. Eddie Thawne, wow, that's important. Barry gets a chance to rewrite his family's history. should result in death. where's singularity when it chooses not to do it? and he sees his mother died. what I'm the crying eyes, sadness in my eyes, 35 gone. but he needs a quick assist, so what'd he do? until the dog ceases to exist, and you literally tornado. certain death is even closer. Barry gets a bigger than a cease builder. we find out where Duane that summer helmet came from. Barry iris thing, ironically, bang on the same drum. when we see more crossovers across the CW all. this and more as we time jump to season 2 and Nordic there for a big like CSI and the fastest man alive, once he has impossibly super advanced technology. why save the day? but at firestorms expense, all the citizens are grateful. only Caitlyn is depressed. let's take Garrett from another world. is here to join a lot, although no one wants to trust him. care that helps because he's hot. putting differences aside. there's a bigger threat to fight. cause prices on two words. you could call it through his cry. simultaneous realities in parallel place, where the statuses are different, but they had the same face. jazzy jeff, scaredy barry cape shooting ice Cisco as his powers, but he gives up too. she vibes. is a parallel Wells who is different from the rest cuz he's basically the same. so it's like he never left. we'll jump across dimension stairs to rescuing the city from a talking Roylott shark, an anti holiday committee, who's a whole string of that Crossing, flashing arrows world. do you probably get this drama, crossing Gossip Girl and Gilmore to refine, but it's what it is, a guru bridge, dimension-hopping villain that is aptly known as dude. obviously evil with that voice to a gray he's a murderer, a boxer and holy [ __ ] his jato back in STAR Labs. that resolved inside the building. well, the Wesson Allen all have family reunions. for the time being. all is welling up. in bad diesel rubs in the room. instead of murders. Barry's dad talk for the finale or a should be enough. and Barry wins, because time travel stuff. everybody's safe for you. prisoner in the mass. it's an old time. he flies with the face of Barry's dad, and he barrel in. has been just as he was getting better. he and iris talk about it, but they still don't get together. hurry. runs back in time, stops Ponce's his mother. it's a flashpoint. Darryl on tie, my brother. he goes, that's everything that's happened on the flash so far. now you ready for season 3? this is recap, Rex. we'll see you next time. much bang. what's up, guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, why not check out either these other two dope videos? and as always, be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest warp zone content coming at you every Tuesday and Thursday. alright. we'll see you next time it's gonna be huge warp. so now 