welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka Darth initial. and after being called all manner of things, from poopy head to neck bearded basement dweller on my rise of Skywalker video, I thought it actually doubled down on a bad decision and give my breakdown of exactly why I personally didn't like the film. if you enjoyed the movie, that's fine. I like venom even though people hate it. you're allowed to like movies that other people don't. and I'm hoping here that we can have at least a slightly educated discussion about why I don't think the film worked and what they could have done to improve it. if you can answer a give reason to some of my criticisms. and I'd love to see that. as I'm a big star Wars fan. I probably like one less Star Wars movie than you do, which is the rise of Skywalker. and I'd much rather enjoy the movie with a new appreciation for it, then go on disliking it for the rest of my life. so, yeah, if I'm wrong, let me know. with the new release, Star Wars, fans are even more divided than they've ever been. and with people jumping to slam it, while it's others leap to its defense. it's time to re-examine the movie and discuss why some people are labeling it as the worst Star Wars movie ever. now, there is gonna be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the movie yet, and you just don't want anything ruin it, then this is your chance to turn off. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the rise of Skywalker. okay, so before we get into the part of the movie that I didn't like, I thought I'd discuss what elements of the film I enjoyed. because, yeah, I think anyone would be pretty stupid to say that nothing in this film worked. now, I absolutely loved seeing Lando back on the big screen. Billy Dee Williams brought with him an air of charisma and charm that really elevated all of the scenes that he was in. seeing him ride into battle at the end was awesome. yeah. and I loved watching him return. Adam driver 2 completely knocked it out of the park, and he's actually quickly becoming one of my favorite actors. and yeah, every Kyllo scene was brilliant. watching his exchange with Han on the Death Star was heartbreaking. and even though Harrison Ford didn't bother getting a haircut, it definitely felt like the emotional high point of the entire trilogy. was also excellent in this film. like in the past, especially the force awakens, I kind of felt like he was just Han Solo light, and he was just put in place to move the plot along, rather than being an actual character. however, here Oscar Isaacs really gets his shine in the role, and the movie is a lot better for it. raised battle with a dark side to is excellent. and had they not shown their hand and had a dark gray feature a very heavily in the marketing for the movie, then I think the standoff with herself would have blown me away in the theater. I also, I also liked Babur Frisch's laughs. that was really good. now on to the stuff that I didn't like. okay, so let's start with the beginning of the film, most notably the opening crawl that kick starts almost every Star Wars movie. personally, I fell at the opener for the movie. really just tried to cram in as much information as possible. and it's clear that they didn't have any time to set any of this up, so they just bashed in as much as possible into this bit of text, even the opening line, which reads, the dead speak, the galaxy has heard a mysterious broadcast a threat of revenge in the sinister voice of the late Emperor Palpatine. doesn't really work for me. reviving a character in a line of text like this is very underwhelming and lazy to me. and I was so surprised that it came out like this that I actually went back and scoured the internet to see if there had been any setup at all in the prior films or marketing material. what I found is that that actually had been a broadcast of the Emperor's voice used to set up this movie that had been put in, and I'm not kidding you, a fortnight live event. now, I'm not saying that it's a bad idea to set up the entire premise of your movie in a fortnight live of well, actually, it's a very bad idea. but I don't know why we couldn't have had this broadcast in one of the many scenes in which kylo travels to X goal. at least put it somewhere in the movie. at least let the audience know why this message is so alarming to so many. give us a feeling. show us the expressions on the actors faces when they hear this for the first time and realize that their worst fears have come true. or, you know, just just put it in a fortnight live event instead of the movie. anyway, next up is the fact that the Emperor is back. absolutely nowhere at any point in the film was this setup. the original director of the movie, Colin Trevorrow, did not have the character in his script, and before he was fired, he didn't have any plans to include the Emperor at all Ian McDiarmid didn't even know he was in the movie till halfway through the production schedule. so, yeah, he definitely wasn't supposed to be in it. my main problem with JJ is that he's really good at taking things, rebooting them and making them a success in order to allow other creators to come on board and develop their own ideas. this happened in the case of Star Trek and many of the directors work. he's good at kicking things off but what he's not good at is actually writing and taking things beyond the starting point. the force awakens was pretty much a remake of a new hope. and it's clear that JJ isn't really an ideas man. he very much likes to pull from source material, and similar to Star Trek and Karn, he's not capable of taking things in a new direction. the Emperor's back for some reason, because Snoke is dead, and JJ just couldn't come up with a compelling villain. he has an idea, though, why not have kylo be the main villain, and the movie could revolve around trying to turn him. he's already had two films setting him up, and he's way more interesting than this decrepit old man who looks a bit like Princeville. but we won't talk about that. the fact that the Emperor is back cheapens Darth Vader's sacrifice at the end of Return of the Jedi. and basically the emotional weight, the triumph that came from that movie has now been stripped away just because JJ can't come up with a new idea. they insult audiences and don't even explain how he returned, as they can't come up with a reason. I bet if you sat any group of Star Wars fans in a room for 30 minutes, they'd be able to come up with a reason for why the Emperor was back. but nope, they don't even bother to talk about it. they just need him back and hope that you're stupid enough to go along with it. because, yeah, nostalgia. this entire scene of Carlos sneaking down to discover what's really going on, actually, it kind of reminded me of when, you know, you were a kid at Christmas and you snuck downstairs just try and get a peek at Santa Claus, and you came across your parents in it. it was them. they were behind it all this entire I'm working from the shadows. anyway, Palpatine revealed that he clones Snoke. but if he capable of cloning extremely powerful, force sensitive beings, why not clone Darth Vader? that would manipulate kylo way more than Snoke ever could, and once more, you could continue ruling the galaxy as you were. Palpatine wants kylo to kill ray, but then bring her in. and yeah, I get that he was pushing her, but why use kylo at all. just bring her in on your own. Rey is desperate enough to learn about a past that she would go anywhere that may reveal where she really came from. another big problem that I have with the film is the entire tie-in between Palpatine and race lineage. the last Jedi, for all of its problems, and yes, there were many, did stay that anyone can be a Jedi. anyone can be special, even a little broomstick boy. you know, it's a nice optimistic ending. it doesn't matter who you are, you can be someone. this completely negates that though, and says, nope. you better hope you're part of one of the two families that matter in these movies, otherwise he completely useless. Rey, in the force awakens, was desperate to find out who she really was. and you know what's more devastating than finding out that you related to the big bad guy in the galaxy? finding out you're absolutely no one that isn't important at all, who tied to the Emperor. makes her know she's special. whereas it's much crueler for her to not be, it also makes her taking down the first order all that much more important, because they underestimated this poor scavenger girl. but hey, let's go with it. Rey was a Palpatine, and Luke and Leia knew the entire time. now why I have a big problem with this is because Luke himself had something hidden from him when he was growing up that was used against him in a battle, and it completely blindsided him. when talking to obi-wan post battle of bespin, Luke was furious that he'd not known about his father. so you think going forward, he wouldn't want to do the same to someone else. but nope, they're not gonna tell ray, and they'll hope that someone doesn't use it on her in a battle and completely throw her off. again. Palpatine wasn't supposed to be tied to right at all. and everyone behind this movie, they know it. the movie is so desperate to right the wrongs of the last Jedi that it throws shut it. we Luke mocking throwing the lightsaber away, and Rose being reduced to nothing. Rose came in as a spacecraft expert, and they even have a moment in the movie where they're talking about the ins and outs of the Star Destroyer fleet that Rose could have been a big part of, but they give the dialogue to someone else, they say that Palpatine has also been conjuring up the Sith fleet for the final order. so, like, does that mean he's been making them out of thin air? why not make it that star? where's he getting these materials from? how come no one's noticed this? whereas soldiers coming from? how's he feeding them? do they just live on star destroyers? didn't any type of crystals of power the Death Star, how did Palpatine get enough for every ship though? anyway, what's worse than one Star Destroyer? ten million star destroyers? why can't they just use the old Lightspeed trick that whole dough did in the last Jedi? what? because it's a million to one chance, but it was a one to one chance in that movie. why do they not have shields till they leave the planet? well, why not just have more than one beacon on the ship? anyway, look, the majority of the plot of the movie is to just go from one item to the next, to find out how to get to the next item that you want to the film moves faster than Lightspeed skipping. and because of this, a lot of impactful moments feel like they don't get the weight or breathing room that they deserve. speaking of Lightspeed skipping, I thought they could only track you through Lightspeed if they had a massive computer on a battleship, not a TIE fighter. never mind, the pace would be fine. but they actually spend more time on pointless things that get undone over big moments that need more room. for example, the fake death of c-3po gets way more time than the real death of Princess Leia. this was a perfect moment to pay tribute to Carrie Fisher, who sadly passed away recently. and this could have been a chance for everyone to get a goodbye. they don't do that though. she's killed pretty randomly, and it doesn't really have that much impact in the entire movie. Chewbacca also gets a big death fake-out that doesn't hold up upon a rewatch. so according to the film, he was taken on a ship, an identical one, then landed at the exact same spot, and then that tried to take off because of reasons, right? well, there's no stakes in that emotional moment because Chewbacca isn't. and it repeats the fake out of the quote, unquote death of c-3po in my opinion, a lot of emotional beats bother Han and been seen feel like they didn't really have the time to develop them, so the creative team just skipped over them. this is exemplified by Finn, who, at the moment he thinks he's going to die, cries out to Rey that he has something to tell her. though this is touched upon, we never find out what it is, and thus it's completely pointless being in the movie, especially with this being the last time that we'll likely see the characters. my guess is that they wanted Finn to reveal that he loved ray, and then decided to edit it out because they'd left too much lip service to it and the rest of the movie, and it was pretty much impossible to remove. there's actually a thing in film studies called Chekhov's gun, which is a concept that describes how every element of a story should contribute to the whole. it comes from Anton Chekhov's famous book of writing advice that says, if in the first act you have hung a pistol on the wall, then in the following one, it should be fired. this Finn moment, it doesn't contribute anything to the film. it feels like a pointless line and ends up going absolutely nowhere. the film also focuses heavily on force healing, which, though it's appeared in the Mandalorian, feels like it breaks the universe. if you can force heal someone, then why didn't L be one user on qui-gon? why didn't Luke user on Veda? and so on and so forth. force healing is a get-out-of-jail-free card that retroactively Lee cheapens the other films and makes it just look like the characters were idiots. it's only been introduced here because, yeah, they didn't know what else to do. maybe it's been working in the shadows this entire time. I don't know. why did the resistance know it take horses on ships? why didn't the Star Destroyer just turn slightly and tip them all off the side? another thing that feels very forced is Zuri blesses magic space coin that grants access to any ship in the first order. why would the first order allow for such a thing to be made that can integrate into their systems? why didn't? why? why don't any of the soldiers look out the window while the ships docking and be like, hmm, this ship looks a bit suspect. I mean, I know they're using the magic coin to bypass our systems, but maybe we shouldn't let them on. like, I refuse to believe that a magic coin was the best idea that they had genuinely. throughout Star Wars has been several times where characters have had to get onto ships, and they haven't had to resort to such a force plot device such as a magic coin that one of the characters that they randomly bumped into, you just so happen to be carrying. how is the Emperor back again? oh, you don't have time to explain because you too busy setting up this magic space coin, right? got it. anyway, why did Zoe bliss live ohnkoji me for decades, hating that she was stuck there, then decide to leave moments before it was blown up? I don't know. another big MacGuffin in the movie is, oh, jeez, Syd dagger, the apparent ancient dagger, somehow also managed to line up with a wreckage of the second Death Star. and as long as he was standing on an exact cliff at the exact spot that the Death Star fell, you'd be able to see where to find another MacGuffin, which was the wayfinder. I have no idea how this ancient dagger managed to predict where the Death Star would fall exactly, but let's say it was made after The Return of the Jedi. why is this thing that contains such valuable information being carried around as a weapon? why is it not a fault? why is it being used to start people? why can see 3pl read what it says, but then not say it? why not just remove that programming it entirely? as you clearly don't want him to ever reveal what it's a so yeah, just stopped him from being able to read it. before the movies release, it was marred with reshoots. and I think after the huge success of endgame that they tried to alter the ending in order to copy several iconic moments. the arrival of Lando and the fleet is very similar to Falcon saying, on your left, I've just realized it's Falcon and Millenium Falcon. Palpatine says, I am all of the Sith and rey says, I I in. I mean the Jedi. and the entire enemy force gets dusted after one swift and decisive move. this ends the threat of the Sith. but why Khan Palpatine just returned down the line? now that you brought him back, once that there's no real finality to his death, and he could just be out on another planet. the resistance celebrate, and we get our big LGBT moment that Disney have been talking about for months. I mean, they're so progressive in everything, as long as it's not a main character and it's something that they can easily edit out for China. but yeah, very progressive guys. I'm straight, so I can't really give my personal opinion on this, but I can't imagine that, with this moment being hyped up for months now, that many members of the LGBT community will be disappointed with the lack of representation here. it feels like they just wanted to tick a box, so they threw it in at the last minute. and it doesn't really feel all that sincere Lando and Jana sit down to talk. and originally in the leaks, it was at this moment that they were going to realize that they were father and daughter, and that Lando had remained a person or after his child was kidnapped by the first order. there was some rumblings that Disney were just being lazy and making it so that every black character was related. so apparently they removed it, which, again, I think negates the movie, as it does feel like they were setting up for this scene. and even during the scene where the two talk, it does feel like they should acknowledge it. but but something happened in editing there. we then cut Turay out Luke's old moisha form. so firstly, how did she know that Luke lived there? secondly, who the hell is this old woman just walking around? where has she come from? where did she go? where did you come from? cotton-eye Joe, what is she doing there? who is she what? why does she just so happen to be in this position so that she can ask Rey who she is? I'll tell you why, lazy writing. ray turns, looks about, smiles and then says, ray, ray Star Wars. now, ray turns and sees Luke and Leia. but at this moment, I really think that she should have seen Ben and Anakin there too. you know, the complete Skywalker family, finally reunited in the afterlife. looking over her as she takes up their name and goes forth into the galaxy. this is the rise of Skywalker. and it just feels like they needed them there in order for this to possess more meaning. also, what the Knights of Ren were in this movie, when the Knights of when I'm gonna call them. I think overall, whilst it's fine that people love the movie, for me, there's just too much here not to ding it. it feels like a lot of pandering to audiences. and there's no real ingenuity here, because it's all things that we've seen before. JJ is just content with pandering. and he's actually pandering so much right now that he's even come out and said, both people who like and dislike the movie all right in their opinions, which yet is getting beyond parody. the movie failed in China, which is actually kind of interesting, because the original films were never released there. so it just kind of shows how much audience connect with the movies because they're banking on nostalgia, obviously. though, I would love to hear your thoughts in the film. and if you loved it, I appreciate you sitting through this video for this long, probably disagreeing with everything that I've said. so here it is, your chance to sound off and let me know why you like the movie. if there's anything you dislike that I didn't touch upon, then make sure you let me know. as this will be the last rise of Skywalker video that I do. my channel, on the whole, is very positive towards movies and TV shows, and I'd much rather talk about good things and slam them. so I'm signing off on this topic right now. if you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free adjoining. we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favorite movies of the air. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the rise of Skywalker in the comments section below. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of January, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 