welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian season one. mandalorians are basically a warrior clan, easily recognizable by their super sweet boba fett armor. and they are, notoriously, some of the most deadly fighters in the galaxy. our main character has no name yet. people just call him mando. and like many other mandalorians, he is a bounty hunter. i can bring you in warm, or i can bring you in cold. he's part of a bounty hunter guild led by carl weathers, whose star wars name is grief karga. he's got a job for mando that pays real well, but is a bit sketchy because the client is ex-imperial. the show takes place soon after the original trilogy, when the evil empire has just recently been defeated, but many imperials are still out there, holding on to what power they can, like this guy who has a job for amanda. bounty hunting is a complicated profession. you won't tell him anything about the mark, but the pay is very real, not in imperial credits, but in bescar steel, a super strong medal from the mandalorian home world. mender takes it down to the source, where apparently he lives with a bunch of mandalorians. they're led by a female mandalorian, the armorer, and none of them ever take their helmets off. that's part of their strict code of conduct. this is the way, this is the way. she melts down the best car into a sweet shoulder guard for him. and while she's forging we get mando's backstory. basically, his village was attacked by these war droids, so he hates droids. his parents died trying to save him. but he was eventually rescued by mandalorians who adopted him into their crew. so mando flies off to hunt his mark on his super cool spaceship, the razor crest. he's immediately attacked by a blurg, a t-rex frog, and is saved by queel, a little ugnot who has a funny catchphrase of his own, i have spoken. mando tracks down the mark, but there's another bounty hunter here, a droid ig-11, who's got super sweet, spinny arms. there's a bunch of resistance, so they team up, but they're still outnumbered. so ig-11 keeps trying to self-destruct amanda's like, whoa, hold on. no, i got this. goes out and takes all these guys down. so they find the mark, but turns out it is a baby yoda. it's not the baby yoda. it's a baby yoda. we don't know a species name, but whatever it is, it is aggressively cute. the droid's just gonna shoot it, but mando's not letting that happen. shoots him first, and it's the start of a beautiful friendship. now, mendo parked a ship in a bad neighborhood. the jawas have stripped it for parts. he pulls out his rifle and starts disintegrating them, but eventually quill's able to negotiate a deal. they want some egg from the giant woolly rhinoceros. yeah, the mud horn that kicks mando's butt. in fact, he's about to die here. but wait, what's this? it's baby yoda force powers. oh, he's adorable. together, they take this thing down, but now he's all tuckered out. he trades the egg for ship parts back. and now they're headed home. but baby yoda, such a cute little nuisance, keeps playing with his little stick shift the client is very excited about baby yoda and pays him a whole bucket of best car amanda's like, hey, you're not gonna hurt this kid, are you? but the client's like, that's none of your business. so mando lets him go. he brings the best guard to the armor who forges him a complete set of best guard steel armor, looking fly as hell. men knows, all business, on to the next job. but when he tries to shift gears, sees the knobby missing, and it's like, dang, that kid's too cute. i can't leave him. mando busts in there and saves baby yoda from some creepy science experiments. he's gotta fight a bunch of stormtroopers with a variety of weapons, including his flamethrower. alright. but now the words out to all the bounty hunters to recapture him. so it's a standoff in the street and a big shootout. amanda's way outnumbered, until what's this? mandalorian reinforcements flying in on jetpacks. super sweet. they cover his retreat. so mendo and baby yoda are reunited. though he really needs to get a car seat for this kid. they fly to a remote planet, where they meet cara dune, a shock trooper in the rebellion and an all-around badass. she and mando fight at first, but you can't fight when baby yoda's drinking soup. they take a job at a farming village which has been raided lately by the orcs from lord of the rings. they train these villagers how to fight back. but they've got bigger problems than orcs. they've got an imperial walker. it's a big old battle, but together, they take this thing down. now this might be a great place for baby oda to grow up. there's lots of other kids his age and plenty of frogs for him to snack on. and mando's been flirting with a hot farm girl. he even considers leaving his helmet behind and settling down here for a peaceful, quiet life. but it is not safe here. a bounty hunter's already tracked him down. i guess baby yoda's microchip or something, they can track him with gps. so they've gotta keep on moving. there's two quick side missions. one on tatooine, yeah, from the original star wars. he goes to mos eisley cantina and fights an assassin in the desert. then he takes a job with the old crew he used to run with, who are basically the evil guardians of the galaxy. it's an awesome prison break mission where they turn on him, but mando comes out on top. eventually, mando gets a call from carl weathers like, hey buddy, let's call a truce. that ex-imperial client has taken over the town. we need your help to take him down. mendo thinks it's probably a trap, so he's bringing his new friends as backup, including quill, who's repaired ig-11, but he's reprogrammed him from an assassin droid into a farm android. so they meet up with grief karga, and the plan is to pretend to turn mando in, and then he'll kill a guy. but that night they're attacked by pterodactyls, and grief is wounded. it's poisonous, i guess, so it won't heal. but baby yoda steps in, yo, i got this and oh, force healing powers. whoa. now turns out this was supposed to be a trap for mando, but grief garga's changed his mind. he's like, hey, i owe my life to baby yoda. let's stick with the original fake plan where we pretend to turn you in, but not actually. so they go back to the client, who's very excited to have his baby yoda back. i would like to see the baby. just then, though, he gets a call from his boss. and oh, this whole bar is being shot up. yes, it's a takeover from another ex-imperial, but he's got an army of stormtroopers, so maybe x imperial is not the right phrase. and this new villain is, yes, that's gus freeing from breaking bad. it's moth gideon. you may think you have some idea of what you are in possession of, but you do not. first things first, he drops a knowledge bomb on us. he knows mando's name. it's din jaren. carl weathers is like, what the hell, man? i've been calling you mando for years. he never corrected me. but then he wants baby yoda, who they don't actually have. they sent him with queel back to the ship, but the stormtroopers tracked him down, and, oh, they killed quill and snatched up baby yoda. while they're waiting for orders, they have a hilarious stormtrooper comedy bit. but they're interrupted by ig-11, who's been programmed as a pacifist, unless baby yoda's in danger. so he's riding in on a speeder, taking down all these stormtroopers. it's awesome. it's a big, awesome fight scene. but moth, giddy and cool as a cucumber, blows mando up. they retreat back into the bar where kara dude's like, hey, let me take your helmet off so i can heal you. but he's like, no, a mandalorian never takes his helmet off. this is the way. just then a flamethrower stormtrooper comes in to burn him out, but not if baby yoda can help it. oh, force powers brim blocks the fire. yeah. and now it's nappy time. so the gang escapes out the back, but ig 11 stays behind to heal mando. he's like, hey, no one can see me without my helmet. but it's like, yeah, i'm a droid. i'm pretty sure that's an exception. and so, oh, my god, it's happening. it's pedro pascal's beautiful face. so he patches him right up, and they go down to the sores where the armor is still hanging out. she's like, hey, because you saved this kid, according to mandalorian custom, he's now officially part of your mandalorian clan. she engraves his armor with their new clan sigil, the mudhorn. their first victory together. she also gives him a jet pack. all right. so they have to escape down the ancient lava sword driven by an r2 unit with arms and legs. yeah, it's a gondola bot. but outside there's an ambush waiting for him, and it's ig-11 in a real tear-jerker. terminator, twos himself right into the lava, goes out there and finally self-destructs, sacrificing himself to save the crew. but there's one more threat, a tie fighter driven by moff gideon. this is a huge problem. carl weathers thinks maybe baby yoda can help. come on, baby, do the magic hand thing. so it's up to mando and his new jet pack. baby, yeah, flies up there, grapples onto this thing, plants a bomb and boom. karga's like, hey. so three of us restart the bounty hunter's guild. but mandu is a father now. he's not about that bounty hunter life. so he and baby yoda fly off into the sunset to have a whole new season of adventures. but at the crashed tie fighter moff. gideon survived. and wait, what is that? it's an awesome black lightsaber sword. yes, that's the darksaber, which your star wars nerdfriends will happily tell you all about. so you know, muff, gideon's coming for baby yoda. and that's how mandalorian season 1 comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, hit the join button to support the channel as a member. 