[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to determine whether we find ourselves adequately prepared with the 2019 Milton Bradley star V Hall. ready or not? let's get to it. we open on a slow pan across a variety of classic board games, creating a light and playful atmosphere, followed by toddlers running through the hallways, as one would expect. after alex has shoved into a wardrobe, daniel finds a grown man pleading for his help. as one would expect, he sounds the alarm, and some grownups come to help by dragging the gentleman off for some sort of ritualistic murder ceremony. and now off to bed, you scamp. thirty years later, we find grace practicing her vows pre-ceremony. Daniel, from the opening, walks in to connect some dots for us. he and Alex are part of the low Domus gaming Empire. Alex isn't too keen on his family, and gives his near future bride one last chance to walk away. through pictures, we learn that his family is indeed primarily comprised of elitist douchebags. but the ceremony went off without a hitch. back in their marital bed, the mood turns sexual. but then aunt Helene sends it off a cliff in order to tell them that everyone's waiting downstairs. oh, hey, thanks. Alex comes clean, explaining that all new family members must play a game that determines the game they must play in order to be welcomed into the family. it's a simple rite of passage. and, I mean, I guess it's as good as sex. I we learned there are some competing motivations here. Alex wants to get this over with and bid his family farewell forever. but his mom is hoping grace will help bring Alex closer to the family. they begin the ceremony with some backstory. their grandfather made a deal with a mysterious man named mr. LeBell. we're in solving his puzzle box resulted in great family fortune. and now, to prevent misfortune, they're required to do as the box tells them, whether it be playing a game of chess or old maid or hide-and-seek. bound by tradition and an acute obsessive-compulsive disorder, they go, cameras off, game on. grace wanders the halls, entranced by the whimsy of playing adult hide-and-seek, like she lives in Portland or something. while we see that the Ladue masses are taking it a bit more seriously. Alex runs off to try and warn her and pulls her into a bedroom. as they hide, the child care professional takes her round to the I quickly apprising grace of the seriousness of the situation. they dragged the help off gurgling. while Alex Asher's grace into a servant's passage. he explains that the tradition involves not only a game, but a sacrifice. the game sheep hold is the one instance where the sacrificed must be the gamer. he didn't tell her because there was only a small chain. she would pull it. and he didn't want her to leave because it's all about love. maybe that instructs her on how to get out. while he goes to run interference. she just barely makes her way to the billiard room, where she discovers the house is on total lockdown. and she runs across Daniel in a total mood as he reminisces about his childhood trauma. he can't bring himself to kill her or help her. so he gives her a countdown before calling for backup. the family gathers disappointed in Daniel's blunder, but quickly forgets his coke head. Emily continues to screw this thing. they then try to backflip their way around the rules regarding surveillance and weapon choice. you need to take that up with your Satan, my friends. they ultimately opt to reactivate the security room, while grace circles back to the game room for an elephant gun. Alex arrives at the security room first and eventually manages to unlock the doors in her attempt to escape. grace learns the ammunition for this particular gun is for display only, forcing her to improvise in response. Stephen goes, I'm just gonna wave my arm in front of me like this, and if you get hit, it's your own fault, forcing her to back off. Daniel and Tony managed to break in and subdue alex, is secured him in an upstairs room. as they decide their next steps, grace runs for cover, eventually finding herself in the stable. she discovers that her pursuer is just little Georgie. and little Georgie turns out to be a little [ __ ]. she made just a coldcock head before falling backward into the pit of sacrificial remains. and the only way out requires novel use of her new body modification. she continues on her way. as the family Divis up their roles and responsibilities, the losers end up in the barn cleaning up the crap. we find that / their deal, if they don't complete the ritual by Dawn, they're dead. begging the question, do they all deserve to die? do the children certainly seems like they do. but Daniels not so sure. so after a series of unfortunate events results in grace finding herself disheveled in a wooded alcove, she's greeted by Daniel, who seems to be much more sure of his loyalties. now back at the house, Becky has a heart-to-heart with her son. we find that this isn't all about fun. there's a deep-seated fear of what will happen if they don't appease their demonic benefactor. none of them actually knowing for sure if the family myth is for real. despite their commitment, they begin the preparations, explaining their satanic obligations to the children and donning their ceremonial robes investments. grace manages to wake up just as they begin the incantations, providing her the opportunity to witness the beauty of other cultures. how lucky, before they can get to the endpoint, they all start puking blood, a conveniently timed mild poisoning, thanks to Daniel, who's really having a time of figuring out who he is. and he and grace run off right as Alex finishes his woodworking project. Daniel's wife, charity, is having no such existential crisis, as she shoots her husband to maintain her standard of living. Alex finds Daniel leaving his emotional state, nearly untethered, when he walks in on grace after she went primitive on his mom, and then she rebuffs him. he realizes the only thing he has left his family, and he comes back into the fold. they do a speedy version of the ritual this time, but their lack of care causes them to botch it. after that, he realized the Sun has come up and they have completely failed. they Winson anticipation. we get our first concrete indication the family legend is really [ __ ]. and grace is able to walk out as the Ladue miss family legacy earns to the ground. and that was, ready or not, a fun and stylish addition to the slew of fantastic horror films that came out in 2019. and I can't wait for the video game themed remake 5 years from now. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 