[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with the face for marvel announcement shattering multiverse and San Diego comic-con this past weekend, I thought I'd take a look to the future and see what films we have to look forward to from 2022 onwards. Kevin Feige recently revealed to Empire magazine that the studio already has all of phase 5 mapped out. and there were enough dropped hints during the phase 4 announcement that we have a pretty good idea of what's to come. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down every confirmed film for phase 5 and discussing all of the information that we know so far about the upcoming slate. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you aren't fully up to speed with Marvel yet and don't want anything potentially ruined about the future films, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. now let's get into my breakdown of the MCU. phase 5. okay, so the first film of phase 5 will, in fact, be blade, starring Maha shala Ali, whilst this was announced as part of the phase 4 panel, baggie later admitted that the film would in fact take place in phase 5. this was arguably the biggest reveal of the panel, and got a huge round of applause from the audience of hall H upon its announcement. whilst the film won't be around until 2022 at the very earliest, and actually believe that we will see blade appear before then, during one of the upcoming Marvel movies. the MCU has a habit of introducing characters long before their solo films, such as spider-man and black panther, who both made appearances in Captain America Civil War. and I think blade will probably pop up in Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness, which is said to be the first horror film in the franchise. blade would perfectly fit the occult part of this film. and though he may not be in the main storyline, it would make sense to at least seen appearance by the character in the post-credits scene, at the very least. next up is black panther 2, which has been confirmed by the casting crew to be in production. ryan coogler is currently working on the script of the film. so it looks like it's only gonna be a matter of time before we get an official announcement. the future film is rumored to have an appearance by Michael B Jordan, who will talk to Chara on the spiritual and he has been confirmed by several sources to be returning. rumors are also circulating that we may, in fact, be getting a release date for Phase five at the Disney d23 Expo next month. so make sure you say lock to the channel for more news on that as we get it. after that is guardians of the galaxy, vol 3. now, this film has had a bit of a trouble production, with James Gunn being fired from the project after some old tweets resurfaced. no one was really willing to step in and take over the project. and after numerous protests from the cast and online petitions, Gunn was hired back to film the movie. unfortunately, Gunn now had other commitments, mainly over at DC, which is where he's working on the upcoming film, The Suicide Squad. this movie was originally slated to be released before Thor 4 however, due to all of the aforementioned problems, it's now scheduled to release a lot later, and will probably begin filming in 2021. Marvel confirmed today that the film will be set after the events of Thor love and thunder. and now some editing to the initial script will be required, as it was originally meant to take place of the back of Avengers endgame. guardians is obviously a huge property, and it could seal phase 5 is one of the best in the studio's history if it manages to take all of the boxes. the film itself is supposedly set around the crews searching for Gamora, who was lost at the end of Avengers endgame, though Kevin Feige has confirmed that she is still alive. and apparently the film will also sent her around rocking it and covering the fact that his creator is the High Evolutionary and being introduced to Lyla. Adam warlock is to set to make an appearance, and he will have matured in the five years in his part that was seen at the end of guardians 2. so this could provide the MCU with another huge character. after that is Captain Marvel 2, which is a film that we don't really know all that much about. as Captain Marvel only debut this year. you can probably imagine that this would be much later in the slate than the other entries. it's still unclear whether the time setting of Captain Marvel 2 will follow on from the first film, and if it will chronicle Carol Danvers finding a new home for the scrolls and then taking on the Kree. but there have been sources close to the project, they have said that the film will be an adaptation of secret Wars, and we'll have Danvers at the helm. this would make more sense and a good early so the seeds for Secret Invasion down the line, which will obviously be a huge thing for the MCU. following on from this is the, as of now, untitled spider-man 3 film, which will reportedly pick up immediately after the events of spider-man, far from home, with the titular character on the run after his identity was exposed by Jay jonah Jameson and Mysterio directed John Watson star Tom Holland, have both championed Kraven the hunter to become the next film. and marbled artists boss logic also recently posted that he had heard Cravens origins story would tie directly into a condor, with the hunter being a member of a long exile tribe. it was originally reported that Sony would take back the rights of the character if far from home Bale to gross one billion dollars at the box office. however, the movie has now surpassed this estimation, and therefore it's well on its way to getting made. Marvel have also been heavily implying that the sinister six will make an appearance, so this could definitely be the springboard for the characters to be introduced. the Fantastic Four is also another big film that was paid lip-service to in the phase four panel, and it's one of the major properties that Disney recently acquired in their Fox acquisition that definitely holds a lot of potential for the future. a comic-con Kevin Feige made it loud and clear that Marvel's first family will play a big part in the future of the franchise. and this phase 5 movie is reportedly due to begin production in 2022, though no cast or director have been named yet. the Fantastic Four holds the potential to introduce a whole host of new characters of the MCU, such as the Silver Surfer, Galactus. and of course, Doctor Doom, who many believe will replace Thanos as the big bad of the MCU for the foreseeable future. I'm just gonna say it right now, if we don't get John Krasinski's mr. fantastic, then we're I err and I'm obviously very hyped to see this franchise done right. up next is the other big Fox acquisition property, which is the x-men. though foggy didn't out-and-out name them, he did say that there would be mutants joining the MCU. there are very little plans are in place right now that we can go off beyond pure speculation and rumor. I believe that a snap may have led to the existence of mutants, and this will be how they are brought into the universe, with no mention of a release date for New Mutants. now it looks like that movie is being shelved. we'll be wiping the slate clean so that they can focus on getting the x-men off to a fresh star, which, in my opinion, is much needed, because yet Dark Phoenix sucked. after this, we could potentially get the New Avengers. Kevin Feige, in an interview over the weekend said that the next team up we can expect will be unlike anything that we've seen before. so it's a safe bet to assume that this will be made up predominantly of new characters. the rumored lineup is Falcon, who has become the new Captain America, spider-man, Captain Marvel, a Doctor, Strange and black panther that we will see when this comes to fruition in the future. and finally is the Dark Avengers, though there have been no real mention of these characters so far in the MCU. comic book, calm recently reported that the black widows solo movie was set to introduce and lay the groundwork for the film. the Elena biloba, played by Florence Pugh, is set to become a dark version of widow, similar to a comic book counterpart. and David Harbor has been confirmed to be playing Red Guardian, who is a Russian version of Captain America that could easily fit into the team. the abomination 2 has been rumored to be returning since his appearance in the first Incredible Hulk film. and those who've watched the Marvel one-shot called the consultant will know that abomination was initially being eyed by shield to take the Hulk's place due to banner being on the run. shang-chi will introduce high level magic to the MCU. and with Doctor Strange to dabbing into the multiverse, that could be several dark versions of the character pulled together, such as an evil Thor. Thor himself could become a twisted version of this, and this might be why Jane Foster needs to take up his mantle. and overall, there's a lot of potential for this series. in the end, I actually think that phase 5 has the potential to be even better than phase 4. and there's so many things that were admitted from the line of last weekend that, if put in place here, will make the biggest MCU slate ever. now, one thing I've been wondering that I'm not really seen any Marvel executives tackle, is, will we eventually get complete reboot of the universe? whilst it's massively successful, the more films that get added to the franchise, the more it could alienate new viewers. I mean, think about it. let's say you're just a kid now, you want to go see some amazing superhero movies. you want to go see Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness for some strange reason, turns out though, you need to go back and watch another 25 films or something. I mean, our new fans gonna really want to go back and do that. let's say we get to face six, and there's about 40 films in the MCU. our new fans really gonna have the time to go back and watch all of the older movies, just to get up to speed. I really don't know how Marvel's gonna handle it, but do you think in the future they might start doing slightly disconnected films that you can go into without any prior knowledge, just to make them more audience friendly? obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on that and this lineup in general. and if there's anything you think will be coming up in the movies I've mentioned, or the slate itself, that make sure you comment below and let me know. we've also just dropped a full breakdown of everything you need to know about the phase 4 lineup. so make sure you check that breakdown out after this. it covers all of the comic-con panel. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. and I'll leave that linked at the end, and hopefully see you over there after this. if you want to come talk to me directly, or just want to see my general thoughts on movies, TV shows and games, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on phase 5 in the comment section below. the one will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes, so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 