[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka, the guy who's like a Hydra agent, because I always aim for the sky the Daisy. anyway, agents of shield is back with its second episode of season 7, and the time-traveling adventure has a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down the latest entry, discussing what's going on and giving our theories for the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the show yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe for breakdowns on the season week-by-week. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into agents of shield, season 7, episode 2. okay, so we open in the midst of last week's events. in case you missed it, the chronic comms are trying to wipe out shield, and they realize that the best way to do that is to, in fact, destroy Hydra, so therefore they would never need to be created. their target is Wilfred Malik, the father of Gideon Malick. who he learned was the head of the organization. earlier in the series, Malick was instrumental to some of the events in the Avengers, and even helped to give the go-ahead to nuke New York. so not the best guy, but they have to save Hydra in order to save shield. it's a moral quandary. see, and we in the thirty so I gotta do this. see, the episode opens with Mac and deke pretending to be bootleggers so that Fred doesn't get onto the time-travel thing. and little did they know that he has the serum that will help to return the power that he and his family lost aboard the Zephyr. may has returned at the hibernation chamber, and she's getting flashbacks of the season 6 finale, in which she died fighting the forces of eyes'll. may actually doesn't remember her own death, and as I said last week, I have a feeling that she might actually be possessed by either isael or one of our allies. and though we don't get confirmation of this in the episode, it just seems so obvious at this point. she fights Enoch and even manages to keep up with him at hunter-killer Roboto Terminator 2, Judgment, Day level. so with all that's going on, it does seem quite obvious. and a person would be laid up in bed, but may healed really fast, which could be seen as simmered how Sarge was killed last season and then he came back to life. she also asks how far away from home they are. and the delivery of this line, coupled with her saying she's hungry, it just seemed off to me. a big revelation doesn't surprise her as much as it should. and we'll get into this later, but obviously leave your comments below. and whether you agree with the isael theory or not, back at the speakeasy, Coulson and Daisy are trying to heal up the mysterious lady in red from last week. apologies for our previous breakdown, as we thought that she died, but here she is, indeed, alive and kicking. after yoyo and Simmons show up, we get a nice little Star Trek nod in which the latter says she's a doctor and not a dame. the character bones used to do a play on this ever so often in the show. and if you look up, the line there's some really hilarious ones, including, I'm a doctor, not a moon shot conductor. so, yeah, I did appreciate the little line here. she manages to remove the bullet and puts it in a shot. nice. the old gun would play there. and Daisy suggests taking out Malik. Coulson shoots down this idea, saying that in doing so, they would vastly change the future. and thus they decide to go ahead with saving him. and there's a lot of back and forth over what the right path to take is. and Daisy actually does something very out of character towards the end. speaking of out of character, I've noticed a lot of Simmons is an LM d fan theories floating around on language. cently this is due to her newfound impulsiveness, forcing the agents to travel through time on a whim, and just her general attitude. Screen Rant did a big article on this, and whilst I don't want to go over the entire thing, there are some notable points that they dropped last week. Simmons refused to tell Daisy how much time had passed to her. and we know they've been there awhile. and this would explain how Fitz and Simmons perfected so much Andy chronic comm technology. just how long that is, we don't know yet. but in order to appear the same, Simmons would need to have created an LM D in order to not give anything away from her physical appearance. Fitz knows that the chronic Combs can read minds, and thus it is possible that the pair created LMD versions, which would mean, should they be captured, they'd be unable to find the real version. he'll this, Simmons doesn't even really know where Fitz is. so yeah, some definite evidence that adds weight to it being the truth. personally, I'm still unsure. as I think her personality changes. they just kind of show how far the character has come. she's been through a lot with the group and without them, so this is likely altered how she is. it's all kind of still up in the air. but yeah, either one is definitely a possibility. elsewhere, Freddie wants to hitch a ride aboard a train, and the krona cops show up at the speakeasy. while caning tries to fend them off using his charm. also unnoticed a Greyhound painting, which was a nice little prop that hinted towards the bootlegging. greyhounds are, of course, dogs that are fast runners and are often used in gambling. so this has slowly become a symbol of smuggling. there's also an image of an old ship, which too is smoked. never never mind, I'm spending far too much time on this. anyway, the lady in the red dress wakes up, and no questioning leads nowhere. Simmons, who's a biochemist and not a bird, deduces that she delivered the Super Soldier Serum that would eventually create the Red Skull. Eric's kind is also name-dropped, and you might remember him from the First Avenger. Simmons notices that something's off with the fluid just by looking at it again. so it does kind of make the lmd theory seems slightly more legitimate. on the train, Freddie talks about his past, in which he pretty much lost both his parents after the Great Depression, his father jumped off a building and his mother became a vegetable due to grief. Freddie did what he had to to survive, and this led to him smuggling the Super Soldier Serum. he also gets a really good look at dekes radio. and clearly, knowledge of how technology is heading towards helps him to start reshape the world in the future. he pulls a gun on the pair as the two start asking too many questions. and throughout this episode, you can slowly see him turning to the dark side. back on board the Zephyr, may Jukes it out with Enoch, and she's only stopped from killing him by the appearance of Coulson. this should come as a real gut punch to her, but she doesn't even flinch, hinting out what's really going on with the character. Koenig is also shown the inside of the ship, which could add reason to why his offspring eventually end up working so high within shield. Coulson pretty much gives him the entire four on one on everything, and thus he would likely steer his children towards this. in some ways, he was a father figure to Freddie, who would eventually go on to build Hydra, so perhaps he raised his own grandchildren to counter this action. Freddie, deke and Mack arrived at the drop-off point, and Daisy instructs deke to kill him again. this is completely out of character for her, and it seems like she's just oblivious to how badly this would mess up the timestream. even in Avengers end game, after fudging things up, cap realized that it was paramount to keep things the way that they were, and he returned everything to its correct place, except for himself. I really have to ding the episode for this, as it just seems like Daisy is not seeing the bigger picture. I think that she would actually be one of the people who would know protecting him was of the utmost importance. luckily, before Dee can do it, the Chronicles arrived, and then Coulson and Coe show up and drive bad. I cut her work because it's YouTube in it. I need that cash, cash, money. you know how it is. anyway, the shootout is a great way to in the episode and what is likely a final time for our heroes in the days. Freddie bails, and Kane again Enoch go on the hunt for him. whilst the time window closes, Freddie actually shoots Koenig, which shows how far down the dark path he's willing to go. I love that caning says he just stepped off a building as he leaves, which is, of course, how his father died. so metaphorically, the good Freddie died in order to create Hydra. they weren't really saving him. they were pushing him towards a darker path. and yeah, it's a nice how the subtext of the show kind of tackles with this moral ambiguity. the time jump has to be carried out, and Enoch is left behind in the 30s. and whilst this does seem like it may be the end for the character, I actually think that we will see him again. he's left to tend bar at the speakeasy in the post-credits scene, and thus he will likely spend time helping caning to get up to speed with the way the world eventually turns, whilst taking the long way around to get back to the agents of shield. the speakeasy was, of course, famous in the SSR. and we get a Casablanca as close to the scene, with caning stating that this looks like it's gonna be the start of a marvelous friendship. as for the next time, the agents are heading to the 50s, namely area 51, where they will meet with Sousa from aging Carter quadrant. Sousa had a sort of fling, but she just couldn't get that star-spangled man with a plan out of her head. so who knows, he might even end up with Daisy. I think it's gonna be a great episode either way. and I'm really on board with how the seasons been so far. and there were only two episodes in, so it's a bit hard to judge, but yeah, so far, other than the Daisy thing, I'm actually quite enjoying it. now, obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the second episode, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you missed our analysis of the first episode, then make sure you check it out after this. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to be + subscribe to the channel. and this one T can win the Marvel phase three party box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition it. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 