hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2015 action car film, Furious 7, the seventh film in the Fast &amp; Furious series. so let's get started. the spoiler does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see a summary, please check out the cards listed above. film takes place right up to the seventh film, with the crew residing in Los Angeles, Bryan being a father with his wife Sunita, and Dom working with Letty to get her memory back. we see Deckard Shaw, the older brother of Owen Shaw, the villain from the sixth film, breaking into the hospital to reach the comatose Owen. and Deckard swears vengeance against the crew. Deckard then breaks in a Hobbs office to get the profiles on Dom's career. Deckard and Hobbes fight, and Hobbes is injured by an exploding bomb, and Deckard escapes. Dom discovers them. he is pregnant with her second child, and convinces her to tell Brian. a mail bomb arrives at the Toretto house from Tokyo, destroying the house. at the same time, in Tokyo, kana skills by Deckard. Dom visits Hobbs in the hospital and learned the Deckard is out for revenge. Dom travels to Tokyo to claim Hans body and races Shawn Boswell, the main character from the third set. Shawn give Dom the items found at the crash, including Letty's cross necklace. at Hans funeral in Los Angeles, Dom notices a car observing them and chases after the car to corner the driver, who is actually Deckard. an armed team arrives led by Frank petty, aka mr. nobody, and Deckard escapes. mr. nobody says that he will assist Dom in stopping Deckard. however, if Dom steals a device called God's eyes, a computer program that uses digital devices to track down any person, except for its creator, a hacker named Ramsey. the gods eye is being held by a mercenary named mosaic. and the crew are airdrops and ambushed Japan's convoy to rescue a young female hacker Ramsey created God's eye. the crew then travels to Abu Dhabi, where there is a billionaire who has a why're the flash drive containing God's eye, and they skills a device in a big epic chase. now having God's eyes, they are able to track down Decker, who is waiting for them at a factories. the crew and mr. nobodies team tried to capture Decker, but a mercenary, juh Cain, and his forces arrived anja. Cain gets to Gaza. mr. nobody is injured, and a crew heads for Los Angeles to fight Decker to Cain and their forces. brian declares to Mia that once Deckard is defeated, he will retire and dedicate his life to being a father and a husband. chicane brings in a self helicopter and an aerial drone, bringing down habit. Hobbs, seeing the crew in danger, while still in the hospital, literally flexes out of his cast and destroys the drone by crashing an ambulance into it. the hacker, Ramsey, hacks and the gods eye and shoved it down the Domon Deckard start a one-on-one fight, which Akane derives and attacks them both. Decker is defeated as the garage that they are on collapses. Dom then launches his vehicle in the chicane helicopter tosses a bag filled with grenades onto the helicopter, and Hobbs shoots the bag, causing the helicopter to explode, killing chicane. DOM is pulled from the wreckage nearly dead, and as Letty holds him, she reveals that she has regained her memory, and she remembers their wedding. Deckard is put into custody by Hobbs. Brian and Mia play with her son, while the rest of the crew watch and agree that Brian seems happier retired. DOM and Brian have a final moment on the road together, traveling in separate directions. it's worth noting Paul Walker, who played Brian, died during the filming of this movie, so the final Tina's supposed to not only be attributed to retiree of the character, but also the passing of the actor, showing clips of all seven films with Vin Diesel saying how he will always be his brother, and he will always be there. so that was the spoilers for Furious 7. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media. and remember, to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 