hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 biographical comedy-drama film Feist. so let's get started. we will do our best to make sure we do summaries for all the 2019 ask for Best Picture nominees before the awards. check out the playlist above for more nominees summaries. one thing to note, this film is not out on blu-ray yet, so I had to work with the available footage to get this out before the Oscars. the film follows the life of former Vice President Dick Cheney, following his life from beginning as an electrical lineman to becoming a White House intern in the Nixon administration, where he meets Donald Rumsfeld. Cheney begins to move through politics with the support of his wife, Lynne and their daughters, Miriam Liz. Cheney becomes chief of staff for President Gerald Ford. and Rumsfeld becomes Secretary of Defense. after four it is ousted. Cheney becomes the representative for Wyoming, even after having a heart attack during the campaign. he makes his way to Secretary of Defense under George HW Bush, during which his daughter Mary comes out as a lesbian. Cheney eventually decides to back out of politics to prevent Mary from media scrutiny. Cheney becomes president of Halliburton, a large oil company. he is invited by George W. Bush to become his running me Cheney accepts, but wants to control the energy and foreign policy. bush is elected, Cheney becomes vice president, and then we see Cheney being the man calling the shots behind a lot of terrible things like destruction, torture, war profiteering and death. later, Cheney nearly dies from a heart failure, but receives a transplant. a few years later, we see his daughter Liz, under direction from Cheney, taking opposition to gay marriage to appease conservative voters, and this upsetting her lesbian sister Mary. as the film ends, we see Cheney stating to the camera that he has no regrets over what he did during his career, and that he feels that the ends justify the means. in a mid credit scene, we see a conservative calling the film a biased attack, while two panelists discussed the next fast in the Furious movie. so that was the spoilers for Vice. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments, but checkout movie spoiler alerts on social media and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 