welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about gone girl. on their fifth wedding anniversary, writing teacher, Nick Dunne returns home to find his wife, Amy, missing. her disappearance receives press coverage as Amy was the inspiration for her parents popular amazing Amy children's books. detective Rhonda boney finds poorly concealed evidence of a struggle in the house. suspicion mounts around Nick, whose apathy is interpreted by the media as characteristic of a sociopath, and even sows doubt in his twin sister Margot. flashbacks reveal how Amy and Nick first met. Amy later revealed to Nick that amazing amy was a perfected version made up of the real Amy's failures. their marriage disintegrated over time. both lost their jobs in the recession and moved from New York City to Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Missouri. Nick became lazy and distant and began cheating on Amy with Andie Fitzgerald, one of his students. forensic analysis of the house uncovers cleaned bloodstains, indicating a probable murder. boney unearths evidence of financial troubles, domestic disputes and Amy's recent willingness to purchase a gun. medical reports indicate that amy is pregnant, of which Nick denies knowledge. Amy and Nick had played treasure hunt games on every wedding anniversary. this year's Clues include profligate items purchased with Nick's card, as well as a diary highlighting Amy's growing isolation and ominously, ending with the fear that Nick will kill her. Amy is revealed to be alive and well, having changed her appearance and gone into hiding in a campground in the Ozarks. upon discovering Nick's affair, she concocted an elaborate plan to punish him by framing him for her murder and making the motive seem to be money. she fabricated a long-standing diary that was accurate in its early entries, but later evolved into false the counts of spousal violence and her increasing fear of Nick. she befriended a pregnant neighbor, told her fake stories about Nick's temper and stole her urine for the pregnancy test. she planted corroborating evidence of Nick's guilt. in the clue spots for the treasure, hunt for the police to find before disappearing, she drained her own blood, splattered it across the kitchen and cleaned it haphazardly. she anticipated that Nick would be convicted and executed for her murder and contemplated committing suicide after his conviction, Nick deduces Amy's plan and convinces Margot of his innocence. he flies to New York and meets Tanner bolt, a lawyer known for representing men accused of killing their wives. Nick also meets Amy's ex-boyfriend, Tommy O'Hara, who says that Amy had falsely accused him of rape, planting evidence around his house and forcing him to register as a sex offender to avoid jail. Nick approaches another ex-boyfriend, the wealthy desi Collings, against whom Amy previously filed a restraining order, but desi refuses to share any details. when Amy's Campground neighbors robbed her of her money, she calls desi for help, convincing him that she ran away from Nick's abuse. desi agrees to hide her in his lake house. after Andy reveals their affair at a press conference, NIC appears on a talk show professing his innocence and apologizing for his failures as a husband in the hope of luring Amy. the show airs shortly before the treasure hunt clues land NIC arrested for murder. however, his performance rekindles Amy's feelings for him and modifies her plans. she uses des filles surveillance cameras to her advantage, making it appear that desi kidnapped and raped her. she seduces desi, murders him with a box cutter and returns home covered in his blood, clearing nick of suspicion. when bony probes into the holes in her story, amy chastises her as incompetent. the FBI sides with a me, forcing boney to back down. Amy tells Nick the truth, saying that the man she watched pleading for her return on TV as the man she wants him to become again. Nick shares this with Bonnie bolt and Margo, but they cannot prove Amy's guilt. Nick intends to leave Amy, but she reveals she is pregnant, having inseminated herself with Nick's sperm stored at a fertility clinic. Nick reacts violently to amy's insistence that they remain married, but feels responsible for the child. despite Margot's objections, he reluctantly decides to stay with Amy. the happy couple announces on television that they are expecting. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 