[Music]. elita is a creation from an age of despair, found by the mysterious dr ito while trolling for cyborg parts. alita becomes a lethal, dangerous being. she cannot remember who she is or where she came from. but to dr edo, the truth is all too clear. she is the one being who can break the cycle of death and destruction left behind from teferis. but to accomplish her true purpose, she must fight and kill. and that is where elita's true significance comes to bear. she is an angel from heaven. she is an angel of death. in 2563, planet earth has survived a war known as the fall. there is a city floating above the earth in the sky called salem, suspended by advanced engineering. beneath this is a city called iron city. and there's a tube from iron cities factory connected to salem. in the junkyard, dr daisonito discovers a core of a female cyborg that has a brain and a core heart, but without body nor limbs. together with a nurse assistant, ido rebuilds the cyborg with a spare robotic body in his cyborg clinic. she wakes up with no recollection of any memories and ido names her alita, as she didn't know her own name. he finds out that the new cyborg body integrates well with elita's original brain, as she can control her fingers. her sensory taste has also proven to work when she likes orange fruit, when she tried it for the first time. it turns out the name of ito's deceased daughter was elita. the robotic body was initially built for ito's late daughter, the real elita, because she was wheelchair-bound. real elita never had a chance to use it, as she was killed by a cyber robber who broke into ido's clinic looking for drugs. ito's partner was jiren, who is also real alida's mother. ito and cheering separated after the real alita died. and sheeran's goal after the death of her daughter is to go back to zalem. sheeran worked for a vector as he promises to send her back to zalem. alita befriends a boy named hugo, who dreams of moving to the sky city of zalem as well. he also shows her that he wanted to be a hunter warrior like zapat, a bounty hunter warrior with a long sword as his trademark weapon. hunter warriors collect money by killing criminals in iron city. hugo also introduces elita to motorball races in the neighborhood. elita tries to participate, but falls down and is made fun of in the beginning. after a few times, her natural competitive streak shows up, and she is able to defeat everyone to score a motorball goal. elita discovers that ito is a hunter warrior when she follows him one night, and they encounter three deadly cyborgs. elita tries to protect him and finds out that she is naturally skilled in an ancient martial art called panzerkunst. while in combat, elita has memory flashbacks of her earlier life on mars. she used to be a warrior with code 99. with her skill, she kills two of the cyborgs and severely damages the third one called groweska, who retreats underground. groweska promises to come back and hunt down elita. despite elita's fighting skills, ito discourages her from becoming a hunter warrior. once vector and sheeran find out elita's capability, they get an order from nova to kill elita. nova promises jiren that she can go back to salem if she succeeds the mission. vector orders hugo and his friends to attack cyborgs and steal their body parts for fixing and upgrading grueska. vector promises to send hugo to salem once he gets enough credits doing his dirty work. on the next day, hugo and his friends brought alita to a forest area outside of the city. and here they found an old, abandoned spaceship from the fall era. elita went into the spacecraft through an underwater door and brought back a berserker warrior cyborg body with her. ido refuses to install her in the body, as he wants elita to have a second chance in life without being a warrior. elita is disappointed and rebels by registering herself as a hunter warrior. alita and hugo go to the kansas bar to ask other hunter warriors to help her take down groweska. as they refuse to help as groweska is not on the wanted list and there is no benefit or bounty in killing him. zapan tries to imitate and embarrass elita, but elita easily beats him in a fight and being humiliated in the process. afterward, alita challenges all the other hunter warriors and creates a massive battle in the bar. edo comes in time to stop the fight, as an upgraded grueska storms into the bar and challenges alita to a rematch. despite her courage and martial arts skills, elita's body is sliced up by groweska's bladed fingers, before edo and another hunter warrior force him to retreat. again, without any other options, ito places elita in the berserker body, which automatically integrates with her vector. realizes he is not able to defeat elita easily, he arranges for a motorball match where all the participants are instructed to kill elita for a significant amount of credit. at the same time, he urges hugo to enter elita in the motorball competition. when alita wins, both hugo and alida can go to zalem with her new body. elita has a higher power and enhanced flexibility. she enters her name in a motorball tryout race. as per hugo's request, ito discovers that the other contestants are hunter warriors and other cyborgs hired by vector to kill her. meanwhile, zapan is plotting his revenge against hugo and elita. zapan caught hugo and his friend tanji while they are stealing cyborg parts. zapan kills tanji and frames hugo for murdering the cyborg they were taking the parts from. while alida is in the motorball race, hugo is trying to escape from japan. hugo calls elita and tells her to meet him at the abandoned church. after elita eliminates the other contestants, she heads to the church to confront zapan and learn the truth about hugo's work, before zapan mortally wounds him. chiron was at the church supposed to kill elita, but instead, she saves hugo's life by having him decapitated and uses the leader's heart to keep his brain alive. this angers zapan, but alito grabs his damascus blade sword and slices off his face. hugo's head is transplanted onto a cyborg body by ido. he also tells elita that hugo's belief of going to zalem for one million credits was a lie fabricated by vector, as citizens of iron city will never be able to enter salem. alida storms through the factory to confront vector. vector reveals that sheeran has been murdered and her organs and body parts will be sent to salem. this is the only way citizens of iron city get to go to zalem. alita once again battles groweska in victor's office and kills him before stabbing vector, who has been mentally controlled by salem scientist nova. alita promises nova to get revenge for hugo, and he made a mistake of underestimating her. in the meantime, hugo has run away from the clinic with his new cyborg body. he attempts to climb a factory tube towards zalem. alita pleads with hugo to return with her as a massive spiked ring sent by nova comes hurling down the tube, shredding hugo's body. alita manages to grab hugo's remaining arm and use her sword to secure hold onto the tube. hugo's elbow joints cannot support him and break apart, but not before he can say goodbye, leaving elita on the tube clutching the remaining of his arm. alita is devastated, but determined to live on hugo's memory. in the final scene, alita is shown as the star athlete of the motorball tournament. the crowd cheers for her as she points her sword towards salem, while nova watches her from above, 