hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a romantic fantasy film. meet joe black. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in a luxury villa, the billionaire bill is awakened up by some mysterious voices during his night dream, but he fails to check anything abnormal around. the next morning, his elder daughter is busy with the arrangement of a party for her father's 65th birthday. bill, however, gets no interest in the party details. his younger daughter, susan, is in a relationship with william, a board member of her father's company. but bill can tell that she's not passionately in love with that guy, and encourages her daughter to stay open to her true love with passion and soul, for he believes that the passion love should be the only one thing on earth that man should never miss. within a short life, after parting away with her father, susan meets a vibrant young man at a coffee shop who takes an interest in her. during their following conversation, they seem to share lots of comments to each other. they part away after a long, romantic coffee talk without getting each other's name, for they just turn around, trying to ask for the name of the other, but unfortunately not at the same time. unbeknownst to susan, the romantic man is later, unfortunately struck to death by multiple [Music] arriving at the company, bill gets a heart attack while he's revisited by the mysterious voices, which makes him know that he's about to face death due to his disease. at night at home, bill is absent-minded from his elder daughter's report, while the mysterious voices shows up to his mind, telling bill that he's arrived now for a visit to bill for the caretaker. bill then meets the mysterious man, who explains that he's the death coming to claim bill's dying life. but he's touched by bill's impassioned speech about love, so he decides to extend bill's lifespan as long as bill plays as his guide on earth. astonished by his encounter with the death though, bill later introduces this man to his family as joe black. susan is pleasantly surprised by the uninvited sudden visitor, who she believes to be the romantic young man she met in the coffee shop however, after several conversations, she's later confused, much by the man named joe, who looks exactly the same, but b is totally different. concerned by susan's knowing about the visitor, the father learns that susan just might know a guy whose body is taken over now by the death since it's the first time for joe to experience a human daily life on earth, he shows his curiosities to everything around he then meets susan in the swimming pool, where susan expresses to him her confusion from his strange behaviors, while joe tries to gain her trust with an excuse that he's actually not a talkative guy, with his time all occupied by business steps. susan seems to buy his excuse thanks to his sincerity. the next morning, as bill learns that joe really enjoys his experience of mortal life than bill's family, he shows his concerns to joe and gets joe's promise not to hurt his family as part of the life experience. bill later takes joe to join the board meeting together. william, however, feels unpleasant with the uninvited guests and gets disappointed much more by bill, who opposes william's merger proposal on the board meeting. joe later pays a sweet visit to susan in the hospital, who works there, and feels surprised by his heartwarming greetings. by that time, joe happens to see a dying old lady who's been tortured by illness for a long time, and can tell joe is the death she begs joe to take her life away from the suffering, after checking her lifespan has not been exhausted yet. joe refuses her, but instead tries to ease her pain a little bit. back to bill's office, bill shares joe with the story of his late wife, who gave him an unfading, passionate love experience. ever while, william comes for bill, trying to negotiate with him on the merger case, which is, however, strongly opposed by bill again, for he believes that it's his responsibility to navigate the company with his best effort, even though he knows there's few time left for him in this world. later that evening, during the dinner time, bill expresses his big regrets to the family due to his business hustle. after the dinner, william tries to make his bad comments on joe to his lover, susan. susan, however, feels very disappointed with her true feelings over joe. she then says goodbye to william. by the time she turns around, she happens to find joe's already there, who admires her frankness towards love, while at the same time he gets embarrassed by susan, for he can't even show her his own real affections. susan later tells her father she's found her own love of passion and soul. but she's confused by his reply that joe is not her mr. right? despite that, susan begins to show her direct and passionate love towards joe. she even makes her first move to kiss him. while joe is now under the influence of human desires and becomes attracted to her as well. he's excited by such a good feeling of human love. the next day, on the board meeting, by taking use of bill's unexplained reliance on joe, william convinces the board to vote bill out as chairman and approve the merger case, at last, feeling sad though, bill has to leave the company. as their relationship grows, susan can't help but ask for a full load of hormone from the man she's fallen deeply in love with. joe. as the death in human's body experiences his first fast, but fantastic sex ever, bill angrily confronts joe about his relationship with his daughter. but joe seems unable to get rid of the wonderful human love and sex right now. it declares his intention to take susan with him for his own. the other day, joe happens to see the dying old lady in the hospital, who tells the death that he should leave right now with the best memories, rather than get obsessed with the human desires. realizing that the old lady would rather choose to die earlier with her own best memories, joe gives her euthanasia back to home. and, feeling sad, joe then reveals that he's ready to leave with bill, for he's achieved the goal for his journey to the human world. calm as usual, bill just replies that he's also ready for the trip. at the party day, joe happens to learn of the underhanded dealing of the merger case, through which william will make huge sum of money, but in sacrifice of the company that bill has strived so hard to run for so many years. while on the other side, bill expresses apologies to his elder daughter for his preference to susan. the two embrace in peace, shedding away the misunderstandings between a father and daughter. reluctant to part away with susan, though, joe has to say goodbye to his lovely girl, who would rather choose to leave with joe, not knowing his true identity. joe is touched by susan. he then changes him mind and want to leave with susan for his own which disappoints the old bill greatly, for joe breaks his promise. bill believes that love also means the responsibility to let go and encourages joe to tell her his true identity. joe then finds susan again, trying to tell her the truth. susan, however, just keeps reminding him of the romantic talks they made in the coffee shop, which makes joe realize that the man in the coffee shop is who susan actually loves knowing the answer. joe then tries to kiss by susan, who seems to tell a different soul in this man for the first time, while at the same time, joe promises her she will always have what she found in the coffee shop. later, by threatening to put william in jail, joe helps bill regain control of his company, exposing williams underhanded business dealing to the board with all wishes competed. and the goodbye hugs to his two lovely daughters. bill walks up to a hillock with joe as the fireworks explode in the distance, while the bewildered susan watches them vanish in the far and is about to search for them. however, she's then stunned as joe reappears alone, this time as the young man from the coffee shop who's uninjured and can't account for how he got there. susan accepts that her father is gone and rekindles the romantic spark she had shared with a young man. this is daniel cc. movie review, peace out. 