hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2009 science fiction action film transformers to revenge of the Fallen. so let's get started. in 17,000 BC, the seven primes travel across the universe to create the Energon with star absorbing machines called Sun harvesters, which destroys stars in order to collect their raw materials. one of the primes defies the rule to never destroy a planet with life on it by establishing a Sun Harvester on earth, earning him the name The Fallen. the Fallen is imprisoned before he can harvest the Sun, and the rest of the prime sacrificed themselves to hide the matrix of leadership, which can be used to activate the harvester. two years after the events of the first film, the Autobots and the US. military have formed nest, a classified international task force to eliminate Decepticons. Sam Witwicky finds a small Allspark shard and picks it up, causing him to see Cybertronian symbols. Sam gives the shard to his girlfriend, mckaela. before he leaves her College, she is captured by the Decepticon weally. when he attempts to steal it, Megatron is resurrected and gives orders to capture Sam and kill Optimus. Sam, Mikaela and his roommate, Leo, are captured. Megatron reveals that the symbols in Sam's mind will lead the Decepticons to the Energon source. Optimus and Bumblebee arrived. Megatron kills Optimus, however, destroying his spark. former sector 7 agent, Seymour Simmons, reveals the most ancient Transformers, known as seekers, remained on earth. with the help from weally, who's now helping with the Autobots, they tracked down a Decepticon seeker named Jetfire. they used this shard to revive Jetfire, who teleports the group to Egypt and explains the story of the Fallen Jetfire sends them to locate the matrix of leadership, which could revive Optimus. they find the matrix, but it disintegrates into dust in Sam's hands. undeterred, Sam stuffs the matrix remains into his saw. the Sun harvester is revealed to be inside the Giza. during a battle, Megatron's shoot Sam, mortally wounding him. as Sam nears death, the primes contact him through a vision, saying that the matrix must be earned, not found, and that he has now earned the right to Barrett. they restore Sam's life and the matrix of leadership, which he uses to revive Optimus. the Fallen teleports to their location and steals the matrix. returns to the pyramid with Megatron and activates the Sun Harvester Jetfire. sacrifices himself in order to transplant his parts - optimist, which gives Optimus immense strength and the ability to fly. he destroys the Sun harvester and kills the Fallen. Megatron retreats vowing vengeance. the victorious Autobots and their allies go back to the United States, and Sam returns to colleges. the film ends. so that was the spoilers for Transformers, Revenge of the Fallen. if you'd like to see us spoil another film, let us know in the comments below. please check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 