cinema synopses, spoiler alert. in the present day, scientists in the Arctic uncover an old frozen aircraft. in March 1942, Nazi officer Johann Schmidt, head of the evil organization Hydra, and his men steal a mysterious relic called the tesseract from the town of t\xc3\xb8nsberg in german-occupied Norway. the tesseract, one of the legendary Infinity stones, possesses untold powers. exactly in New York City, Steve Rogers is rejected for World War two military recruitment because of various health and physical problems. sorry, son, look, just give me a chance. while attending an exhibition of future technologies starring with his friend, sergeant James Bucky Barnes, Rogers again attempts to enlist. overhearing Rogers his conversation with Barnes about wanting to help in the war, dr. Abraham Erskine allows Rogers to enlist. I don't want to kill anyone. I don't like bullies. in fact, relations he is recruited into the strategic scientific reserve as part of a super-soldier experiment under Erskine. Colonel Chester Philips end British agent Peggy Carter. Phillips is unconvinced by Erskine's claim that Rogers is the right person for the procedure, but relents after seeing Rogers commit an act of self-sacrificing bravery the night before the treatment. Erskine reveals to Rogers that Schmidt underwent an imperfect versions the procedure and suffered permanent side effects. her scan reveals that Rodgers was chosen because he is good. Schmidt and dr. Alan Eames Ola harness the energies of the tesseract, intending to use the power to fuel Zola's inventions, mounting an offensive that will change the world. Schmidt discovers Erskine's location and dispatches assassin Heinz Kruger to kill him. Erskine subjects Rogers to the super-soldier treatment, injecting him with a special serum and dosing him his vitals. after Rodgers emerges from the experiment, taller and more muscular, an undercover, Krueger kills Erskine and flees. Rodgers pursues and captures Kruger, but the assassin avoids interrogation by committing suicide with a cyanide capsule hail Hydra. with Erskine dead and his super-soldier formula lost. too much. of the dismay of Colonel Chester Phillips, u.s. senator Brandt has Rodgers tore the nation in a colorful costume as to promote war bonds, while scientists study him an attempt to rediscover the formula. in 1943, while on tour in Italy performing for active servicemen, Rogers learns that Barnes's unit was m.i.a in a battle against Schmidt's forces against him. refusing to believe that Barnes is dead, your friend is mostly dead, Rogers has Carter, an engineer Howard Stark, fly him behind enemy lines to mount a solo rescue attempt. Rogers infiltrates the fortress of Schmitz Nazi division Hydra, freeing Barnes and the other prisoners. were you supposed to be Captain America. Rogers confront Schmidt, who removes his mouse to reveal a red skull like visage that earned him the nickname the net skull. Schmidt escapes and Rogers returns to base with the freed soldiers. Rogers recruits Barnes and some other men who he helped escape the Nazi prison to attack other known Hydra bases. pretty much Stark outfits Rogers with advanced equipment, most notably a circular shield made of vibranium, a rare, nearly indestructible metal. what do you think? Rogers and his team sabotage various Hydra for the team later assaults a train carrying Zola. Rogers and Jones succeed in capturing Zola, but Barnes falls from the Train to his assumed death, using information extracted from Zola. the final Hydra stronghold is located in the Alps, 500 feet below the sir and Rogers leads an attack to stop Schmidt from using weapons of mass destruction on major cities. let's go find two more. Rogers climbs aboard Schmidt's aircraft as it takes off, and during the subsequent fight, the tesseracts container is damaged. Schmidt physically handles the tesseract, causing him to dissolve in a bright light. the tesseract burns through the plane and is lost in the ocean, seeing no way to land the plane without the risk of detonating its weapons. Rogers crashes it in the Arctic. I gotta put her in the water. Starck later recovers the tesseract from the ocean floor, but is unable to locate Rodgers or the aircraft, presuming him dead, but there's no trace of wreckage. Rodgers awakens in a 1940 style hospital room, deducing from an anachronistic radio broadcast that something is wrong. it's from May 1941. I know because I was there. he flees outside and finds himself in present-day Times Square. we're shield director Nick Fury informs him that he'd been a sleep cap for almost 70 years. in a post-credits scene, fury approaches broadly opposes the mission with worldwide ramification, trying to get me back in the world, trying to save it. [Music], you 