[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the historical political drama film The Post. so let's get started. one thing to know, this film is not out on blu-ray yet, so I had to work with the available footage to get this out before the Oscars. the film takes place during the Vietnam War, with analysts Daniel Ellsberg, photocopying classified reports on the war called the Pentagon Papers, many of which that show that the war was unnecessarily continued. Ellsberg leaked the documents to the New York Times, which they run the story, which disgraces the current Secretary of State, Robert McKee. Mara. Katherine Graham, owner of The Washington Post, has the company just about to go for its IPO. she's conflicted how to run her paper, and she is constantly overruled by more assertive men who advise her or work for her, such as her editor-in-chief, Ben Bradley Graham, also his friends with defense secretary McNamara. a court injunction halts any further publication from the New York Times on the Pentagon Papers. been bad. again, is able to get the papers from Ellsberg for the post. and the post goes to work on finding headline stories. the lawyers and board members of the post urge Graham not to allow the headlines on the Pentagon Papers to run, especially because Graham might be arrested for contempt of court. these charges would also cause the company's IPO to fall through. it. Bradley, however, wants the story published. after some debate, Graham decides to run the story. the White House is furious, and both opposed, in new york times, are set before the supreme court, arguing that they are using their First Amendment rights. many newspapers across the country show solidarity for the papers, and the court rules a six to three victory for the newspaper. Nixon demands that opposed be barred from the White House. as the film concludes, we see a security guard a year later, discovering a break-in at the Watergate complex. so that was the spoilers to the post. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts, enter various forms of social media, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 