[Music]. Super Smash Bros ultimate is finally out on Nintendo switch. and the game possesses three endings for its story mode, world of light. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the games bad, badder and true ending, as well as how to get each one. they will, of course, be heavy spoilers, so if you haven't completed the game, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. so let's start with the bad ending. in order to get this a, players must first face and defeat golem in the final stretch of the game. golem is a being of light, and it puts up one hell of a fight. players must dodge all kind of projectiles and more to survive. but those who finally manage to defeat the character will witness dark on capture golem and imprison it with the being of light. now gone from the universe, darkness, beautiful, beautiful darkness, is able to spread. and in the finale, it seems like every character has been corrupted. mario falls face first on the ground and presumably dies, and we get a final shot of our new dark lord and savior, dark on, who is finally here to completely ruin the world worse than a teresa may bracket deal. there's no extra life this time, and it's a pretty dour waiter in the game. but luckily, that isn't the only ending that completely ruins everything. juxtaposing the bad ending, if characters take on dark on, then they will be treated to a slightly better ending. maybe not. I mean, they're both as bad as each other. and getting this ending is a lot easier said than done. dark on is one of the toughest battles in the entire game, and he's just as hard to take down as galine was. those who tough it out, though I managed to beat dark on, will witness a scene where gallium destroys it and its forces, sending them into the ocean. well, it's this might have seemed like an easy choice that would result in a happy ending. it does quite the opposite. upon winning, galine will send a huge beam of light out that destroys our heroes, then the earth, then the entire universe. yup. it's all your fault. you've completely ruined everything. and that's the good ending. apparently, in the games, true ending, both darken and gleam are defeated. to get this takes a bit of manipulation of the board, and players will have to ensure that before they go into the final fight, that the spirits are equal on both sides. you can tell this to you to their coloring of either black or white, with the former going to dark on and the latter going to gleam. so if you take out too many black spirits, then galine will win. and if you take out too many white ones, then dark on will make sense. good. now shut up and listen. after ultimately battling two clones of the crazy and Master Hand, the real versions will appear on the board, allowing you to battle them and free them from the controls of their represses. they will travel to the top of the board, punch a hole in reality and open up a new area for the players to travel to and interact with. doing this will allow players to take control of the master hand and fight both dark and light copies of the playable characters. this is the first time in the series that players have been able to do this, and it makes for one hell of an encounter. from here, players will have to battle dark on and gleam at the same time. this is one hell of a battle that will smash you harder than you should smash the like button on this video. and it will really test your mastering of the game and is easily the hardest fight in it those who make it through that all-out slugfest will witness both beings being defeated and watch as they fall into the ocean. from there, both of them will explode, releasing all the spirits that they took under their control. these spirits will imply into space, forming a beautiful ray of energy that, for once doesn't wipe out the galaxy. and that's the ending of the game. mario &amp; co saved the universe and defeat both darken and gleam in one final swoop. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the finale, as well as which one you got, so make sure you leave a comment below discussing the game. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this yes other big game, Red Dead Redemption 2, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for the hardcore players. so if that's the kind of thing you like. hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 