welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, we're gonna be breaking down the new imagining of Hansel and Gretel. Gretel and Hansel switches up the original grim fairy tale in several ways beyond just the name. and throughout this video, we'll be discussing the overall plot and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to see the movie yet and don't want anything ruin it, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of Gretel and Hansel. Gretel and Hansel opens with its own sort of fairy tale centered around the beautiful child with the little pink cap. this introduction tells the story of a young baby that falls terribly ill, and in order to save it, her father resorts to taking the child to a witch. the Witch manages to get rid of the illness, but as a trade-off, it places a dog power within her lair. in the film, growl discusses how there is nothing good without something being taken away. and this is exemplified early on in the opening. the entire movie is about how if something sounds too good to be true, it often is. and this is murdered in the amazing food roof over their head and the shelter that they get later on in the film. I'm skipping ahead here, though. but as the young girl grows she becomes a profit providing premonitions of the future to the villagers. however, they begin to dislike her, as everyone's life ends in death, but we don't really want to be told this. as she grew older, the girl began bringing these prophesized deaths to reality and started slowly killing the villagers, including her own father. left with little option, she was taken into the woods and abandoned there. the child would grow up to become someone that is central to the storyline later, and I'll get into this further in the video. Orion pictures aren't really known for highbrow horror, but this feels up there stylistically with the likes of an A 24 movie, and that's because of their high quality back catalogue. and yeah, where we've had things like The Grudge already. it shows that you don't need to pack films with scares in order for them to have a sinister vibe. I loved that the film carries the message there is always a catch. and I'm sure in the end that the parents of the girl would have rather had the illness than what eventually ended up happening to her and them. we jump forward a number of years and learn that a which has been luring children into the woods. and this is when we step into the shoes of Gretel and her younger brother, Hansel. Gretel is sent out to find work as a housekeeper, but after her potential employer asks if she's a virgin, it becomes clear what his intentions are. angered by her refusal to do whatever she can to get a job, grellus mother kicks her and a younger brother out of the house, and they slowly make their way into the woods to fend for themselves. now I'll get one of my major criticisms out of the way first, and that is that Sophia Lillis does a poor job at masking her American accent. whilst this wouldn't be a problem in a film where everyone had a similar sort of dialect here, where the majority of the cast sound British. it does stick out like a sore thumb. I don't know if I'm just picking up on that because I'm British, but she does a great job with the material, bar that. it is just a nitpick. and the girl can clearly act, and she pretty much carries the entire film on her shoulders. so I don't want to be too harsh, but I thought I'd just get that out here so I can talk about the film in a more positive light as we go on. when making their own way in the world, they come across a hunter who rescues the siblings from a ghoul, and later some magic mushrooms that cause the two to hallucinate, starving and with a little chance of survival, it seems like almost a miracle when they stumble across a house filled to the brim with food. this belongs to a witch who offers them a place to stay in exchange for work. now, on the whole, the film does follow the framework of the source material. however, it also differs in some unique ways. this is mainly in Gretel, who we learn in the film has the powers of a witch herself. she can make things levitate and move, has second sight, and slowly she refines her abilities. throughout the movie, there's lip service paid to the chosen one. and it's also at this point that both she and Hansel start to see visions of an enchantress in the witch holder's cellar. Gretel finds her brother and also discovers The Enchantress who has been transforming lost children into the food that the two eating. she realizes that holder has been fattening Hansel up to feed on him, and that she is grooming Gretel to become her apprentice. when holder casts a spell, her fingers turn black. and this plays massively into the ending of the film. initially, Gretel tries to play ignorant to the entire thing, but she can't bear it, and after seeing holder pull a long strand of hair over mouth, she begs the witch to let her brother go. holder comes with a warning that Hansel will eventually end a painting Gretel, because men basically fear women with power. and this conversation sort of shapes the way that things transpire in the film. towards the end, it's here that we get a big bombshell in the movie. and holder explains to Gretel that the story we saw in the beginning is tied directly to her. we actually learn that holder was the young girl's mother from the opening, and that she hated her daughter after she killed her father. and she's the one that took the child into the woods. however, the girl remained in holders mind and stalked her from afar. she promised to share her abilities with holder. but this came at a great cost. greedy and lustful for power, wishing to be forever young, holder decided to work with a daughter, and she ate her children and then began luring others like lambs to the slaughter. we know from earlier that there is nothing good without something being taken away. and this stands strong as a testament to the journey that holder went on whole, that can transform back and forth from being young and old. and predominantly, she takes the latter form in order to seem kind in weak. this allows children to trust her. and she pretty much wants Gretel to follow in her footsteps, becoming the chosen one, an apprentice of sorts, and to prove that she's all in on the cause. although once said to eat her brother, this is the ultimate sacrifice, and it's something that she had to perform a self on the ones that she loved the most. in order to truly unleash your own power, she transforms into a younger self, the witch that we saw earlier, and after putting the boy in a trance, sends him to be cooked. left with no other option, Gretel manifests her powers and sends holders staff flying towards the character, pinning her to the oven wall and slowly burning her alive. she eventually pushes it through until it behead sir and her body burns in the fire, ending her control over the boy. this breaks the trance on Hansel, and he awakens the next day. right Rane realizing that the witch was right and that the two will only get in the way of one another, she charms a horse and sends Hansel home with riches. Hansel goes back to his house and finds an axe there and his mother gone. now this teases a lot of things, and also could add some hints as to what's really going on with their mother. there are two ways you can look at it. either someone broke into the house, killed her, or she was actually a manifestation of whole there, and after a death, the character disappeared. to Gretel clearly had witch blood in her, and it is possible a holder set this entire thing to manipulate her into hating the world due to what it did to her, and this would drive her to the dark side. where? where have I heard this before? anyway, that's just one theory. and she could have herself been denounced as a witch, as we know she has witch blood in her, and a hunter could have arrived and killed her, as was common during the time. Hansel picks up the axe, and this sets up that the character could become a hunter himself. throughout the film, we did see him slowly getting better at using an axe, and he honed his abilities, as did Gretel. Gretel stays at the house, and we see her fingers turn black, similar to how hold us did. she vows to do good, and has a choice to either stay and build something positive, or go and never look back. though we don't know which side she chooses. personally, I think we can assume that she ends up firmly rooted at the property, as mentioned throughout this video. if we want something good, then something must be taken away. and I viewed her sending Hansel off home as being this trade-off. with the witch gone, the souls of the children she feasted upon are now free to journey into the afterlife. growl once seized the spellbook of the witch to bring life back to the forest. and though she believes she is the chosen one, it is for good rather than darkness. the film ends on a hopeful note, with both children using experience to go off into the woods. and we cut the credits known that they become better for the ordeal that they've just been through. there's also a theory that the two are just unmatched mushrooms hallucinating this entire thing and slowly dying in the woods together. which, yeah, not very happy anywhere. what did I think of the movie overall? well, though I did mention a couple of problems earlier in the video, I had a lot of fun with the film, and it's one of the most unique Horrors that I've seen in a while, up there with the lighthouse in terms of i allistic choices. the movie elevates itself above a lot of other films in the genre due to its cinematography and overall atmosphere. though this tale has been told thousands of times over the centuries, it hasn't felt this original for a while. that's definitely no easy task. a massively enjoyed Gretel and Hansel, and though the movie wasn't perfect, I definitely recommend that he give it a shot. growling Hansel was great, and it gets a seven out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie and what you took from the ending. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of this weekend's big Netflix release, uncut gems, which is going to be linked at the end. we give our thoughts on the final few moments of the film. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. you massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us a definition whitey, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this one's, he can win, dr. sleep. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sub with notifications on. the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition, you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. [Music]. 