welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition, and you're now locked into the channel where we've been watching The Watchmen to break down everything that you need to know about the new season on HBO. throughout this video, we'll be recapping episode six and discussing where the show could be heading in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the latest entry yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Watchmen episode 6. okay, so episode 6 picks up immediately after the huge cliffhanger at the end of episode 5 that saw Angela downing her grandfather's pills faster than my last recap, got down boated for saying that they were hers. thanks for sticking with me everyone. I'm sorry for being an absolute mr. Phillips. I guess I'll have to be him as well as nor he or z-man Deus makes an appearance in this episode. and instead, this entry focuses heavily on the Past, most notably the revelation that will was, in fact hoodie justice. though we've never had concrete answers before over who had a justice really was, many speculated that the character was strong man Ralph Miller. and this even carried over slightly to the show, with the show within a show hinting at him to be the fictional man. this was always thought to be the case in the fandom. as in 1955, hooded justice disappeared, which Hollis Mason chalked up to him not wanting to be unmasked due to changes in the law. Hollis himself thought it was Muller. and a year later, mother's body washed up on the shore of Boston with a bullet in the back of his head. this cemented for many that the characters were one in the same. but now we finally know the truth, though it's probably not what Alan Moore would have wanted. but what would he have wanted? in my opinion, it's a brilliant changeup for justice, as he's always been one of the most enigmatic characters in Watchmen. so I really enjoyed learning his backstory. this episode is heavily centered around the past. and most notably, inheritance and how one's actions can echo throughout their family, forever being passed on from generation to generation. I've always been someone who thought that though we may not ever know our ancestors, in some ways, we do, because they influence the people around them most, notably their children, who to influence us and our personalities in some way echo their actions. angela is definitely an example of this, and the to bear quite a lot of similarities. the sixth entry opens with the Watchmen logo being changed to the Minutemen, who were original versions of the Watchmen, made up of members like the original Nite Owl, Silk Spectre, silhouette, comedian dollar bill, captain metropolis and hooded justice. we open with the fictional hoodie Justice sat in an interrogation room on the American hero story TV show. that cements that the public have a fascination with the character that still exists today. hoodie justice and masks in the room. and it's clear that the public, or at least showrunners, believed him to be a white man. it's an awesome way to open the episode and shows just how much the past has been whitewashed, all black and white washed. as we get into the real meat of the hour-long entry, angela is on a nostalgia trip, and Laurie needs her permission to have her stomach pumped. wills mother faithfully plays the piano, and is soon like Careless Whisper last time. becomes a motif of the episode, with the character appearing in almost impossible places, such as fields and sidewalks. I took this as meaning that no matter where we are, the past still plays a big part. and this episode feels like a trip down memory lane from me. off Angela takes the role of her grandfather, will Reeves, who has just graduated as a police cadet in the New York City office. will is the only black man in the class, and this systemic racism is still very much prevalent within the ceremony. even though Reeves rightfully ranked with the rest of the group, the white officer ignores him, and instead it's real-life police officer Sam battle who places wills badge on him. Sam battle was New York's first black policeman, and the legendary figure warns will to beware of the Cyclops. in the audience watching over will is his wife and the future mother of his child and we later learn that she was the child that he carried down the road after the Tulsa massacre in the first episode. now the choice to set the episode in black and white is quite inspired, especially with the racial undertones during the time. life back then very much was black and white, with segregation and separation of races enforced on a lot of levels, and the lack of color backs of the dichotomy that existed in society during the time. will is said to be very angry, and it's clear that the past still looms large over him, with the character being unable to escape the events of Tulsa, much in the same way that Angela cannot escape the nostalgia trip that she now finds herself on. will oversees a man that we lay alone is called Fred, throwing a Molotov through a Jewish owned business, and he takes him in for questioning. fred is openly racist at the police department. and though it seems like the white officers have Will's back, not long after, fred is back on the streets mocking the character for his lack of authority. during the exchange, one of the officers loops his fingers and puts it on his head making a circle, which is, of course, a symbol of the Cyclops that battle warned him about. this is a big aesthetic in the episode, with will coming to the realization that just because you wear a badge, it doesn't mean that you have power. corruption and Prejudice is rampant throughout the force at this time, and it's one of the main things that forces him to take up the role of her justice and to become a vigilante. he ends up seeing the severity of just how bad this is firsthand later on. but the acorn that grows into the oak tree is definitely planted here. Action Comics issue one is seen in the episode as well. and this clearly heavily inspires the character to become a, quote-unquote superhero. now, what I love about this episode is the transitions between the time periods. the sets are massively cut together, so that things often come off is one shot. and to me, it had touches of the video game the evil within a doubt Lindelof ever played that. but the transitions between locations, times and so on in that or as masterful as they are here, it's all tightly knit together, and it beautifully keeps up the pace. will is walking home, and the same group of officers ask him to come for a beer, which will turns down. as the car pulls off, we see dead bodies from the Tulsa massacre being pulled behind it, showing that Will has trouble letting go of the past. for him, the past is the present, as it is for Angela right now. going through this journey, will is beaten badly and taken out to a tree similar to the one that Jed was hanging from. and the noose goes around his neck as well as a mask, which, as we know, would become a big aesthetic of the vigilante hood of justice. the officers let will go with the warning, but it's clear that this has stuck with the character, which he beautifully portrayed in Angela Kings raspy performance. now, I have seen people criticize Watchmen for being too woke, but this kind of stuff did really happen, and the Tulsa massacre was a real abend. so yeah, with them going this route, it's probably the best way to handle it. will walks home, mask and noose around his neck, and sees a couple being assaulted, which is when he dons his costume and runs face-first into the group, badly beaten them. here, hooded justice is born. and the character has taken the symbols of oppression that have so long causes race anger and repurposed them into a hallmark of righteousness. now, personally, I think this entire thing is a brilliant way to take the already established law and reinvent it with a new meaning. how did justice was always a kind of met character to me, but this gives him purpose and the reasons to do the things that he did, while it's also allowing it to tie in with real-world events, to comments on how Hollywood whitewashes things with its depiction. in American heroes story, which I've just realized might be a play on American Horror Story, being how the world remembers the character. Will's wife asks why he wore the hood, and he becomes clear that will doesn't believe that you can get real justice with a badge, which is when June says that the only way that this will ever be legal is if the public believes that the man under the mask is white. June paints around his eyes white, which is kind of a parody to me on how, typically in Batman films, they paint around his eyes and black and the to confirm that as will cannot trust in the law, he must now make his own form of Justice. we see the grocery robbery store scene from another angle, the one in which it really happened, and we learn the true motives behind it. with it no longer just being a cool action scene. here will his track down Cyclops members who were part of the KKK, and he beats them bloody and discovers a book on mesmerism. this plays massively into the overarching story of Watchmen and hints that the cavalry are planning to hypnotize black people into turning on one another, which is showcased later in the episode. we discovered that this is Fred's grocery store, which explains why he was burning a Jewish one, and also evaded the long arm of the law so easily. it's a nice reclassification of a scene that we've already witnessed. and we see Laurie once more reaching out to Angela to attempt to call her home, Total Recall her home. yeah, yes, still suck. Cal is present, and he attempts to get here to remember her life, rather than becoming stuck in Wills. Cal talks her through her childhood, and there's lip service paid to the fact that she was born in Saigon and that they met in Vietnam. now, for those who don't know, in Watchmen history, one the Vietnam War, and it became a territory of the country. this is why the Watchmen American flag differs from the one that we know. and it also explains why both the characters would randomly be there. anyway, Nelson Gardner comes to me will one day, believing him to be someone that is supplying hooded justice with information. Gardner is, in fact, captain metropolis, and he wishes to recruit her to justice, as he is the hero that inspired the minute men's creation. there's the subtext of their romantic relationship here, with the talk of true companionship, a hand touch, and how, though he is welcome in the group, others on as tolerant as he is. this reminds us that racism exists in all facets of society, even though seeking justice. and metropolis suggests that it keeps his mask on at all times, even though the group would be thrilled to be fighting alongside him, will in Gardner begin a relationship. and June reveals that she is pregnant. we flash-forward hooded justice joining of the Minutemen, in which his true fears are silenced in favor of promoting ridiculously titled mob bosses and a racist advert for a bank. we then jump through the airs, watching wills child grow, before going to the Capitol Theater during a screening of The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, and which an attack is broken out. here we learn that lorna, who initiated the attack, saw a flicker in her head which made her lash out at those around her. this links back to the mesmerism book, and we discovered that the KKK aka Cyclops have been using projectors to cause riots. if you don't have epilepsy, then congratulations. this scene will give you it. because god damn will tries to get Gordon's help, but he mocks the idea that there's a conspiracy going on and says that black people should handle black people problems. becomes clear that Gardner doesn't value his opinion and instead just views him as an object, saying that he has to sort the problem out on his own. but that he can come over whenever he wants. will is confronted by Fred, who doesn't recognize him, and we learn that it is his warehouse that is producing the mesmerism projectors. will kills Fred and then every Cyclops member, including his fellow officers, and burns the location to the ground. will returns home and discovers his San Marcos, painting his face white to become a new hair adjusters. and as I said earlier, he recognizes the inheritance that he is leaving his son. and though he doesn't want Marcus to pick this up, as we know, it's difficult to shake the mindset and influence of our family. tune ends there marriage and takes Marcus to Tulsa. and we cut to the present to see, well using the mesmerism device on Captain Judd, which hypnotized him into hanging himself. we finally have an answer as to how this was done. and in all honesty, it's a twist that I didn't see coming. I always thought that wil was lying about killing Judd to get Angela to investigate the murder further and and at the truth. but this explains how he was able to carry it out. will clearly knew about the KKK members in the police force from his youth, and has likely followed these all the way to captain Judd and the seventh Cavalry. George says that the Klan robe is his legacy and was his grandfather's. and again, there is this motif of inheritance and how we carry on the lineage of our ancestors. I don't know how we'll manage to get memories of this in pill form that quickly, but hey, it's TV. and we end the episode with Angela getting bombarded by the memories that made him, which wake her up in lady throughs for varium, as we know, will is present there. and Angela now knows the truth about him. going forward, it looks like we will be getting Angela's life in Tulsa as a child, and how June shaped her to become the person that she did, much in the same way that she shaped well to become her to justice. lady to divulges that she has a plan to save humanity that starts in Oklahoma. and personally, I think that the 7th cavalry may be using the mesmerism technique to get black people to turn on one another in the area. they will be using the teleportation device to cover this up as an alien attack. and true plans to reverse this and, as she sees it, save the world. though it could be another diabolical plan in the same vein as Ozymandias. speaking of Ozymandias, it looks like he is being put on trial. and personally, I believe that he will be found guilty, and, as a punishment for breaking his agreement, will be sent back to earth, which is what we saw crashing in the field in the lady true centric episode. personally, I believe that upon arriving, as he was encased in gold, and this was the statue that we saw in Lady truce with Ariel. whoever's going on, I can't wait to see as this show just keeps getting better and better. and obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this episode. and if you agree with the theories in this video, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed it, then please give it a thumbs up. and don't forget to check out our breakdown of the series so far, which goes over all of the things you missed and our thoughts on when the show could be heading. last week, I dropped a video on lady true, discussing all the theories behind and what's going on. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know the true identity of the character. we also do a podcast called watching The Watchmen, in which you break down every issue of the Watchmen page by page, and also give our thoughts on Doomsday Clock. I leave that linked at the end. and if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey weld, over to my discord server, which you'd be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war, endgame, Captain wobble or more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Watchmen in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of December. and the set will be shipped out from the end whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 