a spacecraft flies near earth and releases an object, which enters the atmosphere on a central american beach. dutch, a retired vietnam war veteran, and his elite mercenary rescue team, poncho billy mack blaine and hawkins, are tasked by dutch's former commanding officer, general phillips, with rescuing a foreign cabinet minister and his aide held hostage by insurgents. officer dylan, an old friend of duchess from the vietnam war, is assigned to accompany the team over dutch's objections. the team discovers the wreckage of a helicopter in three skinned corpses identified by dutch's green berets out of fort bragg that he knew personally. dutch's team reaches the enemy camp and kills all of the guerrillas, including soviet intelligence officers. confronted by dutch, dylan admits the mission was a setup to retrieve intelligence from captured operatives and that the dead green berets disappeared weeks earlier in a failed rescue. after capturing anna, the only surviving guerrilla, the team proceeds to its extraction point, unaware that they are being tracked with thermal imaging by an unseen observer. anna escapes and is chased by hawkins, but they are ambushed by a cloaked creature. it spares anna, but kills hawkins and drags his body away. dutch organizes a search for hawkins body, during which blaine is killed by the creature. enraged, mack initiates a firefight that wounds the creature, revealing luminescent green blood. the unit regroups and realizes that something in the jungle is stalking them. dylan believes more gorillas are responsible, but billy is adamant that the predator is not human, an assertion that is met with skepticism. the team makes camp for the night, setting traps in all directions. that night, the traps are set off, and matt kills a wild boar, mistaking it for the creature. in the confusion, the creature steals blaine's body, and dutch realizes that their enemy uses the trees to travel, making their traps ineffective. a second attempt to capture the creature using a net momentarily succeeds, but it escapes easily, leaving pancho injured, mack and dylan try to pursue it, but the alien outmaneuvers and kills them. the creature then catches up with the others, killing billy and pancho and wounding dutch. realizing the creature does not target unarmed prey because there is no sport in it, dutch sends anna to the helicopter unarmed. the creature pursues dutch into a river and moves within a few feet of a mud-covered dutch. his thermal signature reduced, dutch remains unseen by the creature, and it moves on. dutch realizes he can use mud as camouflage. while the creature collects trophies from the dead soldiers, dutch crafts traps and weapons and lures the creature to him. he disables the creature's cloaking device and inflicts minor injuries, but falls into the water, losing his mud camouflage. the creature subdues dutch, and wishing to fight him on equal terms, it discards its energy weapon and mask and engages dutch in hand-to-hand combat. dutch is almost beaten, but manages to crush the creature under a trap's counterweight. as the creature lies dying, dutch asks the question, what the hell are you? to which the creature replies back to him the same question as well, before activating a self-destruct device and laughing madly with billy's voice. realizing what the creature has done, dutch runs from it as quickly as he can. he manages to take cover just before the device explodes, and is later rescued by philips and anna with a helicopter. movie ends in that scene. 