what is up? YouTube. it's your girl Evelyn, and I am back with the episode 6 recap of the l word generation. cue. as always, I will be spoiling the episode in its entirety, so watch at your own risk. we're kicking things off with our returning champ, bet Mayweather Porter, as she deals with the fallout from last night's confrontation with Felicity's husband. a media circus is camped outside of bets home, but that doesn't stop Alice and Shane from checking on their besties. they find a defeated bet licking her wounds and contemplating dropping out of the race. Shane is sympathetic to BET's plight, but Alice feels betrayed. after all, Alice publicly defended bets integrity on her TV show for the whole world to see. when Alice realizes Bette confided in Shane and not her, she becomes outraged and storms out. Bette then remembers she was supposed to drive baby Angelica to the DMV to get her license today. Shane offers to go in her place, and Bette gratefully accepts. on the brink of a breakdown, Bette decides to drop out of the race. Danny and Pierce take a break from running through the background of every other shot, looking stressed, to try to stop it. but her mind is made up. she opens the door to face the press and finds, [Music], you the TN, BB&amp;T is back, at least temporarily. turns out angie called mama t last night, and tina dropped everything to come check on her family. as Bette tells Tina what happened, you can practically feel the chemistry losing between them. that is, until Tina gets a call from her yet to be identified boo thang, you know, the one she left bet for. BB, and TR, reminiscing about happier days. but they're reminiscing leads to resentment, and soon accusations began to fly. Tina's still salty that vets selfish ways sabotage their relationship, and that reveals how much it hurt her that Tina didn't come to kits funeral, even insinuating perhaps vet wouldn't have had to lean on Felicity if Tina had shown up. you should have been there. I thought you were my family. later that evening, angie is back home after acing her driver's test in spins a little quality time with momma T they start with some light-hearted Girl Talk, but Angie wants to know why Tina's not around more. Tina tells her, I met your mom when I was really young. we fell in love and that was wonderful, but somehow I got lost, and I didn't think that I could find myself unless I left. Bette is finally at the end of a long day spent trapped inside her million-dollar home, surrounded by gorgeous women. danny has just gotten word that Felicity's husband will not press charges, but only if met issues a public apology. in typical pet fashion, she tells Danny just what she thinks of that offer. Danny then suggests Bette give a speech similar to the one she gave at the LGBTQ youth center. powerful, sincere and inspiring. you have the power to change people. you changed me. and even though Tina is back, I still think the two of us are gonna eventually smash Danny's pep talk works, and Bette finally faces the media. in her speech, she opens up about kits opioid overdose, and maintains is still committed to becoming mayor so she can change the system from the inside. it's time for Tina to leave, and bet looks like she's losing her best friend all over again. Tina tells bet she loves her in a we have a kid together, so I'll always love you kind of way. and the heartache on BET's face is crushing when Tina goes in for a hug that holds her tight and begs her not to leave. fresh off of storming out on Bette. Alice's at a restaurant, venting to Gigi and NAT. they both offer Alice comfort. and when a curious waitress notices Gigi tells her the three of them are more than friends. the throuple is stuck in traffic, and things are tense. Gigi refuses to go back inside the closet, but not isn't ready to tell people, nor does she want the kids to know, and poor Alice is caught in the middle. once they arrive home, Gigi doesn't want to stick around, and that is more than fine with that almost immediately. and that accuses Alice of taking Gigi side. and the to hash it out, NAT confesses that her strong feelings for Gigi scare her, and she doesn't want to risk losing Alice. Alice reassures NAT that all is well and even suggests they call Gigi to come back. and even though it is so incredibly obvious that this is going to end really badly, the throuple perservere z--. Shane and Kiara are at the DMV waiting for Ange to finish her driving test. a fan of key Aras comes up to them and asked for a picture. lest we forget that Kiara is famous. after the photo, angie pops up with the good news that she's passed. and Shane gives her the keys and lets her decide where they're going next. unsurprisingly, they end up parked in front of Jordi's big-ass house. a nervous angie then asks Uncle Shane, how do you know if you love someone? Shane hands off the question to Kiara, who answers it by it telling Angie the story of how she and Shane first met. after the story, Angie's still hesitant, until uncle Shane gives her a rousing pep talk and sends her out to get the girl from the car. Shane anxiously watches Angie spill her heart to Jordy. and it becomes evident that Shane loves Angie as if she were her own daughter. Chiara tells Shane that this is what she wants for them. Angie tells Jordi she loves her, and Jordi returns the sentiment and they share a chaste kiss. Shane and tiara cheer loudly from the car. and then Shane tells Kiara she's in most of Danny's day is spent in full PR crisis for Bette. but during a quick break in the drama, she and Pierce have a sit-down to compare notes. Pierce is angry that Danny knew about BET's affair with Felicity and didn't tell him. Danny basically tells him to suck it up because they have bigger fish to fry. she then launches into full cheerleader mode and defends Bette like she's the second coming. Pierce looks at Danny like this, then says, bets, gotten to you. good luck. and then sees his way out. meanwhile, a pissed-off Sofie is venting to buddy Finley about Danny. she and Danny is still haven't made up after yesterday's fight. and to add insult to injury, Danny left at 4:30 in the morning without saying a word to Sophie. after spending some time lounging around the pool feeling sorry for themselves, Sophie and Finley decide to have a bros night out. the two bros are at dana's drinking their cares away. a drunk Sophie brings up bets attractiveness and insinuates Vette is the reason for Danny's distance. not long after, and even drunker, Sophie is dancing with Finley, and they share an almost romantic moment. and while I wouldn't call it the most shocking moment of this particular episode, it was definitely the least expected bro night is over, and Finley is once again biking home while drunk, but this time Sophie's hitched a ride. they have a sweet conversation, and Sophie tells Finley that she loves the hell out of her and that Finley is the best part of her day. after a long day spent suckling from vets teat, Danny comes home to find Finley and Sophie asleep, spooning on the couch. she goes upstairs to get ready for bed, when surprised, a drunk, but still coherent Sophie appears and she's ready to talk it out. once again, Danny is not feeling it. she uses Sophie's intoxication as an excuse to avoid talking. but Sophie doesn't let her off that easy. predictably, they have yet another fight and accomplished nothing. it's the morning after for Finley and tests and tests. seems more than a little shaken up. she notices a missed call from her sponsor, and feverishly talks about how she needs to find a meeting. as she and Finley get dressed, Shan pops up, and although what Tess has done is a fireable offense, Shane doesn't fire her, because, you know, Shane's cool. later, while hanging with Sophie, Finley admits that she feels guilty about Tess's relapse. Sophie reassures her that Tess is a grown woman responsible for her own actions. but Finley is still plagued by doubts that she's too damaged to be with anyone, especially since she couldn't make it work with someone as amazing as Rebecca. after knocking back a few during bro night, Finley moseys on over to tests for the dreaded post sex talk. Tess is in much higher spirits than she was that morning, and tells Finley, it's not a big deal, but it's never gonna happen again. Tess then pours herself a drink. Finley is having a great time as Sophie's human teddy bear, when Shane shows up with some bad news. Chiara is moving in, which means Finley needs to find a new place to stay. Shane gives Finley a weeks notice, but before Finley can even come up with a plan, Sophie invites her to move in with her and Danny, which I'm sure is gonna work out well for everyone involved. and that is it for the recap. thank you so much for watching. don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already. and I'll see you guys next week. 