before we get 11. stop by saying, if someone tells you that you won, but you're so damn cocky that you didn't win, good enough. you 150 percent deserve another knockout. you're beaten. the stars of our movers today are everybody that was in the last good movie, including Butkus. we all flew our store begins where the first structure movie ended. and I still get the damn chill till we save the emotional junk for the hands. do we have to stop the thing off with this man, mr. [ __ ]? for no, because if it didn't make you cry, just be too sweaty. meatheads beating the [ __ ] out of each other, though I admit I do enjoy that sometimes. - and Apollo say, ain't gonna be no rematch. lies, all damn lies. fast forward to Rocky and an ambulance, holding on to his ground, hamburger patty looking face for dear life. good Robo word, but please fall at all. and Apollo's right back there, flaunting that fur coat, unaware that he buys her them gifts because he always creepin. then he stopped running that mouth. come on, sucker, I'm insecure right now. you think you got an ID, Jeremy? now, I ain't gonna quit until you blind in one eye, cancelling out the other. this series is full of life left. and the first of this movie is, if every time you do your job, you have to spend several days in the hospital and getting your eyeball cut open, it might be a good idea to rethink your career. then rocky goes to Apollo's room, looking like The Mummy and talking like him to do dog food. and Apollo's like, what you want, dumb see? you pull a vulture? no, child, I tried to pummel you up. so rude. and Rocky's out of the hospital a whole five [ __ ] seconds, and these people like, hey, rocky. we know nobody except your palm, skinny wife and buckets ever game about you, but we think we can make some money off you. sign here. thanks, hon. and rock again with rocket Wow, including the new wife. ain't just have seen when Michael gets all dem mob guys killed? no, that was a bastard. she was that. oh Lord, I think I've seen too many movies on the honeymoon, occupies a family con then shows you what happens when Paul people come into a little money. thank you. from appalled man. okay, will you get some money? you buy the dumbest your woman a fur leather coat with a tag on the back. you can dog ascertain. if you ain't got a dog to put the shirt on, you just buy a dog. this is why people like me ain't got no money. we bad at it. get paid on Friday by, you know, the shirt on Saturday, a house you can't afford on Sunday, broke on Monday. blaming the man. hell, I'm blaming them right now. and Rocky's like, lazy, those ain't for you with me. and you ain't be, you will be. and you know what? this was three. and Adrian says, just stop talking, dummy. meanwhile, Apollo was getting hate mail from fans mocking him for losing to that bum, which he deserves for wearing that knockoff made in China, Adidas missing us striping. and here's why, says, why do you give a [ __ ]? because I have them go I am. so Adrian comes up the doctor's office and rocket, guess what? would lose one can be three way to go. rock you got one. and because monkey done spent all his money and he wants a better job that will require him to know more than those ten words outlined in my first rocket video. he starts opening books so he can read and speak good up high, back in the real world, where everybody's a piece of and to avoid stopping, you either got to be smart a selfish. so they some people are all brawn and no brains. and since you're neither of the first two, I guess is blows to the face for you. oh, come on now, Adrian. let the man work. you know how many bums out there got the idea that an honest day's work consists of remembering to put the toilet seat down and putting their own damned rolls in the hamper where they broke us? now, but at least they'd have to take the shirt off the dog's back. and rock it won't smick to train them to fight again. and rock is like, oh, no, I know you want me out like a bum ba-bum. meanwhile, Apollo over here, bum Jeff Telles ever wants to start a humiliation campaign to get rocky back in the ring. but rocky don't need any more humiliation than his already tagged in empty and spit buckets and getting splashed in the face sweeping the ring he used to own. and to add insult to injury, his pregnant wife done took her job back into pesto. you know how many damn men I know sit on that subpoena explains why they women not working. I'm all about equality, but for real, what has become of chivalry? and you know how every once in a while you see something this is, y'all? well, let's just say check bum is contagious. because when Mick sees Apollo on TV talking, smack, Mick jumps up super and cracker comes, don't flying every which way, like, oh, you know. and he show up a Rocky's house, like, guess we're gonna have to come up. and Rocky's like, you wrote your story. and how sad is this scene? Apollo got no empathy. insult rocky, who can barely afford to close this down, pulled down buckets, running around the streets Philadelphia naked from the waist down. applause. I've got a different fur for every day of the week. and rusty still wearing the same jacket he bought six months ago. and Apollo talking so much, you think that was the size of a tic tac. and rocky, being charming as got all the reporters in girly giggles. and Apollo gets even matters like, all I want to do is beat this broken Sue's wife works at a pet store, and I want to do it in front of all his home town folks, then strut around like I am as important as I am in my imagination. and suddenly I'm the bad guy. so Mick gets rocket training, and the things he says to the dumb palooka best perm I feel like you ugly, and your damn shirt attracts more flies than bookishness. dog patty, an arrogant Apollo can't handle a mean letter here and there? yeah. well, like my grandmother used to say, the bigger the head, the bigger the hole. god, I hope she was talking about defeat. but Rocky's struggling with motivation because this woman doesn't approve. fun little thing, ain't it? Apollo needs approval of the whole damn planet, while rocky would just be satisfied with the approval of that one tiny, little pet shop girl. see? because do a good man. here's one little woman in this whole world who the hell cuttin onions up in this I wish I could find a good man like Rock who said that, not me. what we talking about. yeah, Paulie, it's good to know you're not causing problems anymore. and Adrian is the baby, a little boy. and Adrian's in a coma. and rocky just sit there all damn day praying for and reading to us, riding us some terrible poetry and waiting for her to wake up. and I'm all out of joke now, because this right here, some sad [ __ ]. can we get back to the Battle of Mario's now, please? Adrian, wake up. thank you. and for all this time, the baby been laying in the nursery, ain't seen his damn parents. nothing to do but himself. was not a teat to suckle. they thinking this nurses his mama, and he's the Messiah, some because he's sure he ain't got no earthly daddy. and they finally see the baby together, and they named the pebble rocky jr. and Adrian finally says, win. well, thanks for that. can we resume the meeting now? welcome to five steps to beaten on narcissus. because it takes a coma to make your wife want you to do what you're good at, because she decided that coma wasn't fun and she'd rather you be blind. step 1, beat your junk. step 2, tote your monstrous wood. step 3, invents a Jane Fonda workout [ __ ]. step 5, take a break to be mr. mom. step 5, do your iconic run as you slowly morph into Rambo with your red headband on. well, doesn't. okay? hundreds of Philadelphian children try to keep up, but you humiliate they weaken because they still ain't as fast as you. and you teach them that important life lesson about how everybody can't be it when I saw, okay, trying this again, but not before ruckus says, I do to his little pebble and stops by for a little prayer from this priest. oh yeah, and there's another fight, and for most of it, Apollo is kicking. but Apollo is conceded. team tried to tell you to stay away from him, to win by decision, but no, you just gotta go for the knockout. I swear to god, Apollo, I can see you now, following buckets around the city pissing on a fire hydrant an empty beer can with a dog with no pants, like the damn legs. how does it feel to be a pompous and get you [ __ ] up by this man that, quote, shouldn't even be in the same ring with you. unquote, of course, saying how it works in real life, but this movie to a damn good job of making me believing it does. put the plane to take rocky down backfires. because guess who's going down? both because it's getting up. not Paulo and winner, Rocky Balboa. [Music]. why? by crying, it ain't them. sad you much of me? because he dumb. they got in popery. get smaller. please, don't vote too soon, and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular job. mmm, you can expect me to upload more videos after I give rugby's face time to heal again. don't you feel sorry for him? oh, damn. meat loaf, full moons explained for. I'm jammed. Oh, cries robot. 