Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed-up movies, and anime. Yeah, I know you're here, first, notification gang. All that matters is that you re here to join us in watching our next Anime series. Easily a lot better overall than Pupa. We have Another You ve seen Another before. You ve seen a teacher kill himself by stabbing himself in the neck. Another is about Koichi Sakakibara who transfers to Yomiyama Middle School. It doesn t take long for this big city kid to realize that something weird is going on with his class and this girl Mei Misaki is at the center of it all. Now Spooky has partnered up with Shudder for today s video so listen up! This anime is 12 episodes long + 1 OVA. Each episode is 25 minutes long which means 4 episodes is about 100 minutes or an hour and 40 minutes. That s longer than most movies we talk about so we will do 4 episodes at a time. Don t worry, I m not gonna do 4 episodes today and 4 episodes a month later. It will all be finished within the next weeks. Of course, this anime is easily on Crunchyroll so if you just want to watch it yourself go right ahead. If you wanna see what happens, including all the messed-up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown cue the Gohan!  Another! This is not one of my favorite openings I m not going to lie. As soon as the story starts, you already know about the legend of Class 3. We will introduce it shortly. Koichi is in the hospital right before transferring to school. He has a lung condition that runs in the family, collapsed lung. Mom is dead, father is doing some Nathan Drake type shit in India. Right across in the next room, Son Gohan and Son Goku are resting after their bout with the Saiyans. Soon, the officers of class 3 visit. Akazawa, Kazami, Sakuragi. I m sure you won t remember those names.  They keep sweating our homeboy about where he is from. They are worse than some gang members. Keep asking if he is really from Yomiyama even though he is from Tokyo, where the bad bitches are. They also ask to call him by his first name Koichi, even though usually people call each other by their family names in Japan, you all just met today.  Later that night, Koichi is on the way downstairs when he encounters this doll girl. Mei Misaki. She says she has to deliver something to her Poor other half . Ignoring any question directed to her except to say her name is Mei. She is getting bored, taking a trip to the morgue.  On the first day of school, introductions out of the way. The teacher sounds like he wants to steal Sharingans. First day of school, people talk to Koichi like he just transferred from UA. Really everybody wants to hear about Tokyo, that s why everybody asks questions. There go Genocide Jack. Suddenly Koichi wonders where Mei Misaki is. The other kids change the subject really quick.  When Koichi asks Sakuragi where Mei is, she almost activates her Rinnegan. Compelled to give a fuck, he goes all the way up to the roof seeing Mei there, drawing something. She doesn t even remember you bro then announces his whole name. She warns him that his classmates are starting to associate him with death. Death being the cruel curse affecting his entire class. Class 3. Mei says he should start avoiding her, because if you pay too much attention to her Bad things will happen. He s like Who are you . She s like You don t wanna know Mista, I m trouble..big trouble Episode 2  Beautiful Flowers, Beautiful day. Mei sits in the shadows before Koichi visits failing to light her up. Again she warns him to keep his distance, but since he won t IT will begin! What is IT? Later, Jock Boy lets loose that Class 3 is cursed. Cursed is an understatement since Koichi wont stop trying to talk to Misaki. Chibiki the librarian tells him only to go to class, showing exactly that everybody is ignoring Misaki like she doesn t exist at all. Misaki is built for it, but that s insecurity brewing right there. Koichi has a check up at the hospital when the nurse who tended to him talks with him. They are good reading buddies. He asks her if a girl died last week. The person that Mei was visiting all the way to the morgue. She starkly remembers that maybe a girl did die last Monday. It ll take some time to see who it is though. Next day at school, the lesson is about haikus. Akazawa looks t Kochi hard as hell when he keeps sweating Misaki. She kinda looks like that girl with that literature club.  Koichi isn t falling in line like he should, and even stalks Mei Misaki walking around. After school she retires to a random building filled with dolls and models. Then, the nurse calls him saying that a middle school girl died, and her name was Misaki. So, we re led to think Mei Misaki is a ghost kind of but that s not the case. One of these dolls looks kinda like her too! Misaki randomly pops up to agree that the doll looks like her, except its missing the eyepatch. She offers to show him what s under her eyepatch, smiling as she takes it off. Episode 3  Misaki is taking that hoe off, and its just another EYE! A green artificial doll eye that of course allows her to see things others cannot. Misaki tells Koichi to get out of here before the dolls fill their emptiness with Koichi s soul. Upstairs, she tells him about the story of class 3 twenty-six years ago. Class 3 is the class Misaki and Koichi are in now. 26 years ago, a popular girl who was named Misaki died shortly after 9th grade started. Many rumors exist as to how she died, but everybody was shocked and overcome with grief Until someone someday just decided to walk up to her old desk, look at it and say: She isn t dead, Misaki is right here ! Despite literally being dead, this Misaki girl from 26 years ago was suddenly said to exist and everybody started believing it Even though she is dead.  It s a weird way to deal with death...It s like everybody had the same grief and the same remedy to deal with it, by pretending she was alive. Even the principal and teachers fell into that role by including her desk in the graduation ceremony. When they took a class picture, that girl was in the picture, Pale like a ghost and smiling. Anyway, midterms coming up soon. Its 1998 when this story takes place. At the end of school, Sakuragi asks Koichi if he wants to walk home with her. Just say yes dude and go with her You re gonna walk home anyway. This scene feels like a prophecy! Koichi asks about Misaki, but you re not supposed to acknowledge Misaki. Finally, someone tells him straight up. For some reason Misaki is not supposed to exist even though she clearly does, or people wouldn t be sweating Koichi to not talk to her. Later that night, Koichi finds out that a girl named Misaki Fujioka died in the hospital. Must be someone related to Mei. We will hear more about her in the next 4 episodes, I guess. Soon its finals week, and Koichi s smart ass being done early lets him hang with the girl who does not exist.  I m wondering how everyone knows not to see you or act like you exist. Its like its one of the first things you learn in this town. Sakuragi gets notified of something and has to run out. She rushes with her pointed umbrella but stands shocked to see Koichi with the girl who doesn t exist. She runs down the stairs slips one step and drops her umbrella. She falls down tumbling, eventually landing straight on the pointed tip and dying a gruesome, bloody, and painful death. You can hear her gurgling as she finally expires. Episode 4  In case you forgot, here is a replay of her dying. And guess what, her mother died the same day. Koichi was scarred to see it, but it did not affect him that much later on. Everybody is ordered to not talk about it, and the curse gets rumors brewing that its best to stay away from Class 3. On June 2nd, Koichi meets up with the nurse who tended to him. Its like they best friends now. Basically, they become investigative partners for this episode at least.  Now these four episodes love to hammer in the same information in your head. Yes, I know, Misaki doesn t exist. I know the main portion of what happened 26 years ago. At this point I m just trying to see who is going to die and how until y all get ready to tell me the whole story.  Koichi walks home. Who is this? I don t remember this girl at all but of course she is in the class right? She s funny! Suddenly, a gust of wind blows over a glass panel almost landing on them both, until Koichi saves the day. That goofy happy go lucky personality switches to pure dread realizing how close she came to death. Koichi has a sister. She was in the hospital of course. She was in class 3 too, fifteen years ago. She s a lot older than I thought. She is plagued by fatigue and headaches ever since Koichi started hanging with Mei. On June 3rd, Koichi is the focus of the class. They are scared of him because whoever is around him dies. And he is ignoring the unwritten rule of ignoring Mei Misaki.  I wish Koichi got the breakdown on the cursed classroom like y all did. Its like the first thing they learn when they get out of the womb is that class 3 is cursed, ignore Mei Misaki. Anyway, Koichi starting to get mad that his homes ignore him now. At least he aint walking around like Why are they doing that . The nurse soon calls him wanting to talk about Mei. She doubts she really exists, but we know she does and everybody else knows too. Get back to work ma am.  She gets back on the elevator to return to her shift, but then the elevator breaks apart Literally malfunctioning making the entire elevator fall to the ground floor! The nurse s last moments are fear as the elevator crashes into the ground, killing her instantly as her head hits the floor. Even if that didn t kill her, the elevator breaking around her would have. Well I kinda liked her Koichi knows something went bad! And that s it for the first four episodes of Another. I hope you guys are enjoying this! Much better than Pupa s entire existence. It ll get dark in the next 4 episodes, and I promise you ll see those next week! Come on you can t lie and say that watching anime aint cool! Let s talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky stuff! Cue the Gohan! So I would say that the most disturbed moment is easily Sakuragi s death! I thought Id feel bad but I really don t. I sound like a sick fuck but I don t really care that you died! Oh no! I m becoming Despair! The death of the nurse was sad though, I kinda liked her. Most enjoyed moment is probably the doll studio. I personally liked how they were drawn. I liked the aura of the place too. Nah I m just bullshittin! I kinda like this main character. He kinda cool! He s not stupid either, asking obvious questions. Mei is pretty cool too but she is almost a clich at this point. And that s it! Hope you guys enjoyed this video and I d love if you could check out pupa and corpse party! Those are some crazy anime series too! Check out the whole playlist while you re at it! Subscribe to see more disturbing movies, anime,comics and manga in the upcoming weeks! Check out Shudder to catch the most horrific collection of horror ever! Thanks for watching, SPOOKY OUT! 