ignoring the fact that the open house was one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. it's abysmal ending has a lot of people talking, perhaps due to the fact that it is a worse job of spelling things out than Gareth gates. there are a lot of theories surrounding the new Netflix original movie. in this spoiler happy video, I'll be looking at the four most likely theories that surround our unlucky Logan, trying to unmask the killer in a whodunit mystery that never does any unmasking itself. so without the way, let's dive into open house. who was the killer? number four, the real estate agents, especially the assistant. bar the fact that the real estate agents are somehow able to move around the house completely silent until their job right out, pretty a face, contributing as some of the worst job scares ever put to film, there's a high possibility that the killer could have been the real estate assistant. first off, we all know that real estate agents are completely ruthless, cutthroat monsters that will slip their grandmothers throat on a birthday just again extra half percent in commission, making the character the perfect type of person to carry out such a brutal, brutal murder. secondly, they know the house, have access to it, and the male is young and athletic and a bit, a bit handsome. either a state agent could have been living in the house before the arrival of Logan and I are me. since they know that the property is on the market, with their home up for grabs now, they want to ensure that no one will ever go back there again. and thus, killing the occupants ensures that. it also explains why the killer is seen driving towards another open house at the end. he was doing his next job over number three, The Invisible Man, right? hear me out first. yeah, it's not the Invisible Man. but throughout the film we hear of Martha's husband. while she is never fully realized in the movie, it is possible that he is, in fact, the killer. therefore all talk of him isn't completely pointless. much like this movie, one of the biggest clues is the fact that Martha states that her has is dead the first time she meets Naomi. later, she corrects this by saying that he is, in fact, very alive and strong and also handsome. could this be referring to the fact that the man she knew is dead, but there's someone in his place, you know, like the same way obi-wan did with Darth Vader when he was talking to Luke. no wonder Darth Vader was so angry by his ex best mate was telling the son he was dead. I'd be below enough planets as well. but anyway, number two, we all know that plumbers get a bad rep in the movies, whether it's super mario or the very creepy one in open house. if you lay in pipe, you ain't gonna be nice. the plumber is the favorite suspect right now, as he claims to have been in the house often before. he knows how to deal with the here. and finally, he was in possession of the phone that Logan lost, although he said he just found it around the heater. also, the size of the killer fits in with the plumber. look, look, this movie doesn't clear up anything. yeah, I'm just clutching at straws. number one, Logan himself. well, this is definitely the dumbest theory. like, think for a second about how pointless this movie is. does it not make a ton of sense that the killer is also the protagonist? not really but hear me out. the last of the suspects is Logan. it might be likely that, after seeing his father die, Logan had developed a trauma as left him with some mental disorder. disorder of this night, you would explain the strange things he sees, why things change places, and why, finally, the killer took off his contact lenses so easily, it's because it was him killing his mother and himself. he was avenging the death of his father, because, in his twisted mind, they were both guilty of what happened. look, it's a bit difficult explain the ending of a film that doesn't really have an ending, but hey, at least you didn't waste ninety minutes watching this movie. again, this was only like six ish minutes of your time. look, it's not my fault. the movies terrible. I've tried my best. please show your appreciation for the fact that I sat through this three times by hitting that like button. and if you feel an extra generous subscribe. I do videos like this all the time. include in my recent shining fan Theory, analysis and explanation of the identity of player acts in Molly's game. and there's definitely going to be something on my channel that you'll owe. thanks again for checking out the video. take care please. you 