Story Recapped here. Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a drama, mystery, sci-fi film called "The Vast of Night." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. In Cayuga, New Mexico, a young disc jockey named Everett lends his equipment for a high school basketball game. He notices the lights flicker in the gym, worrying that it could affect the event. Everett lends a recorder to Benny and Sam, who are the school's sports commentators. Everett agrees to help a student named Fay test out her tape recorder before Mrs. McBroom finds him. She takes Everett to the lockers, where Arlo is trying to fix the electric wiring. But Arlo asked for Emmett, not Everett, starting an argument between him and Mrs. McBroom. Everett leaves, knowing that he can't help them. As the audience arrives at the gym, Everett walks out with Fay to test her tape recorder. Fay records random sentences and is glad to hear that the recorder works. Upon Everett's insistence, Fay practices being a reporter by interviewing a family that just parked in the parking lot. Everett confidently jokes around with the family while Fay still feels awkward. While they continue practicing interviews, they meet with Mr. Stemmons, but Everett claims the recorder is broken, scaring Fay. Once they're out of earshot, Everett admits that he lied, wanting to get out of the conversation with a boring person like Mr. Stemmons. Fay feels bad about lying, but Everett thinks it's preventing people from embarrassing themselves. They're stopped by Pappy Fred and his family, who Fay attempts to interview as well. Fay is excited when Everett gives her an idea of starting her show. Pappy Fred's wife, Marjorie, tries to get Fay to spill gossip, but her husband gets pissed. Everett pulls Fay out of the scene, not wanting to get involved. While heading to the telephone exchange where Fay works, she shares articles from the science magazine that she's been reading to Everett. The articles suggest self-driving cars, hyperspeed trains, and pocket-sized T.V. phones in the near future. Upon reaching the telephone exchange, Everett bids her goodbye, heading back to his radio station to start his program. Inside, Fay chats with her co-worker about her tape recorder and the basketball game at the gym. When her co-worker leaves, Fay sets up her desk, beginning her shift as a switchboard operator. She takes a call, but the line disconnects as soon as she answers. To pass the time, she turns on the radio and listens to Everett's program, but the frequency distorts. A strange humming comes from the radio, confusing Fay. She answers another call but instead hears Everett's radio program on the other end before the line distorts again with no one answering. Concerned, Fay calls another switchboard operator named Winnie, letting her listen to the distorted frequency. Before Winnie can identify it, Fay gets another call and answers it. On the other end, a panicked woman describes a large object above her land and the wind gushing like a tornado. She tells Fay to call the police while she hides in the cellar before the line disconnects. After the call drops, Fay listens to the electrical humming intently, studying its pattern. When she gets no answer from the police station, she calls another operator, Josie, who tells her that a trucker asked the police for help. According to the trucker, a whirlwind caused the truck to spill its contents all over the road. Hearing that no officers are available, Fay answers Winnie's call. Fay tells her about the other woman's call, but the line drops suddenly. This time, she calls home and talks to her sister's babysitter, Ethel, asking if she can listen to the radio to check the sound. Ethel suggests that she call Everett instead, then the line drops again. Fay calls her neighbor, Grace, asking if she can check on Ethel, concerned about her and her sister. Grace agrees, promising to call back. Suddenly, the radio starts playing again. Fay listens to it as she waits for Grace's call, still concerned about the strange electrical hums and the calls that keep dropping. Plagued by her thoughts, Fay finally gives Everett a call to ask for his help. She lets him listen to the humming sound and tells him about the strange woman's call and all the calls that got cut. Everett plays back his radio program's recording, finding the same humming. The two wonder if it's a military code that got caught in their frequency. Hoping to learn more, Everett plays the sound in his program, asking the listeners to call if they know anything about it. As the sound plays, Fay lights a cigarette and waits. Back at the school gym, most of the townsfolk cheer for their high school basketball team, with Benny and Sam commentating on the game. Behind the school, Everett hangs outside his radio station when the phone rings. Fay announces that he has a caller, a guy from out of town named Billy. Everett puts Billy on the program to tell his story. Billy was in the military and was assigned jobs that he didn't understand. One night, his superior woke him up and loaded him on a carrier plane. The plane picked up other men from different bases before arriving at their destination. He and the others were then loaded into a bus with blackened windows, preventing them from seeing where they were going. They were taken to an unknown desert filled with tents and bunkers, similar to a testing site. A superior warns them that everything they see and do there is classified. For days, Billy and his group dug a large square hole and built walls and windows for a viewing room. One day, Billy woke up, and something enormous was suddenly in the hole that they dug up, covered in a tarp. The thing was kept under strict surveillance, preventing anyone from seeing what's inside. Billy and the rest were then ordered to build a ceiling over it before being sent back to their original posts. But before their plane took off, the radio played the same humming sound. Once the plane leaves, the men below covered the airstrip with dirt to cover their tracks. The sound disappeared when they got far enough. After Billy got back home, he got sick and developed lung disease, believing that the area caused it due to radiation. Billy met with one of the other guys he worked with at the desert, who confirms that he got sick too. The man recounted being taken to the Colorado River, where a river barge carried something twice its size. Upon reaching a makeshift radio station by the river, they unloaded the cargo onto two army trucks. The same humming sound started on all the radios again until the army trucks left. Then, Billy met a radar operator at the Walker base, who claims that the sound wasn't military from any country. It was coming from space. He claims that the signals have been coming back and forth for years as if communicating. Suddenly, Billy's call gets cut. Everett pauses the program to ask Fay what happened. But Fay can't call him back cause she doesn't know where he lives. To their surprise, Billy calls again. He refuses to give them his real number and name. He admits that he shared his story with Everett because he wanted someone to listen to their story. He reveals that he's an African-American man, and all those who were detailed in those strange tasks were also African-American or Mexican. Billy thinks that they were chosen on purpose because no one will listen to them if they shared the stories. Everett demands more evidence that the story is real. Billy continues that the radar operator didn't stop investigating the signals after he retired. He recorded the sound and made copies sent to all the other soldiers who encountered it. When Billy received his copy and played it, he became frightened as it is the exact sound from the desert. Billy burned the tape, not wanting to be caught with it. However, someone in Cayuga was also stationed in one of these details, and he probably still has his tape. Billy identifies him as Raymond Buck, who already passed away. Fay remembers that his wife donated all his tapes to the library. Despite Everett pointing out that no one will watch the switchboard if she leaves, Fay insists on finding that tape, given that everyone is at the game tonight and no one will call. Billy tells them they should find the tape and play it soon, as whatever keeps playing that sound won't stay for long. Brimming with curiosity, Fay holds her breath, waiting for Everett's decision. When Everett tells her to go, she immediately leaves her post and runs to the library. Fay heads to a house and takes a spare key to the library. Then, she takes a bike as she makes her way to the library. Upon reaching it, she collects all the tapes from the basement. When she heads out, Everett is outside with a stolen car. They drive back to the radio station, and Fay picks up the phone, asking Billy which tape it could be. The line gets cut, but Fay cannot reconnect him until she goes back to the switchboards. Everett tells her not to go and play the tapes until they find the right one instead. Everett takes the tapes one by one, playing them to check what they contain. Fay asks him if he's worried that this broadcast will get him in trouble, but Everett admits that he doesn't care. Whatever happens in the broadcast will be enough to land him a better job elsewhere. Fay dreams of going to a bigger city too but doesn't think she'll be able to go to college. Everett finally finds the correct tape, listening to the humming sound. He broadcasts it on the radio station, asking Billy to call them again if it's the correct one. The hum grows louder until the station's power goes out. Fay is scared in the dark, agitating Everett. They head outside and see light everywhere else except for the station. Everett and Fay drive back to the telephone exchange as they share theories on what the sound is. Fay reaches the switchboard, where numerous calls are waiting. She tends to all the calls hurriedly, with many of them claiming that there's something in the sky. They head back out and meet with passersby, Bertsie and Gerald, who have been following the strange object in the sky. They share information until the switchboard rings again. The woman on the other end, Mabel, asks to speak to Everett. Mabel claims that she has more information about the humming sound, but she insists that he visits her house, where she'll tell her story. Interested, Everett asks for her address and heads to her home. Everett drives with Fay to Mabel's house while Bertsi and Gerald stay to keep watch. They reach the home and enter, seeing the pitch darkness inside. The two approach Mabel's sitting room, where she's reading something in a foreign language. Mabel offers them a seat and agrees to broadcast her story about the people in the sky to Everett's radio program. When she was a little girl, an empty passenger train was found near Cayuga. People assumed the Apaches took the passengers, naming the event as the Boles Acres Raid. A few days later, a wounded woman who'd jumped off that passenger train was found. Mabel's friend, Charlotte, and her family helped the woman. While waiting for a representative in El Paso to take her, the woman stayed in Charlotte's room. At the time, Mabel also stayed with Charlotte's family. One night, they heard the woman sleep talking in a strange language. After that night, the woman disappeared, having stolen a horse to escape. When Mabel grew up, she fell in love with Claude, who worked for the telephone company. But she got pregnant before they could marry. Claude was assigned out of town, promising to return for her and their child. But he died while on the job, leaving Mabel to raise their son, Hollis, on her own. One night, as she's nursing Hollis, the baby spoke his first words. It was the exact words the woman from the train said in her sleep. As Hollis grew up, he fixated on objects and would hardly respond to others. Occasionally, Mabel heard him say those strange words in his sleep, prompting her to write them down. When asked what they meant, Hollis didn't know. When Hollis was four years old, the wind blew hard outside, followed by a sound similar to a giant windmill. Hollis stared at the window, not responding to her. An idea popped into her mind, and Mabel read the strange words to him. Hearing her, Hollis stared up at the ceiling, mouthing the words with her. When Mabel stopped reading, Hollis snapped out of the trance and continued to play as if nothing happened. Mabel read the words to him again in the next few days, but he didn't respond at all. She figured that something was outside their house that night, telling Hollis something that she couldn't hear. When Hollis was nine years old, Mabel sensed that it was back. That evening, Hollis walked outside and vanished. Mabel followed his footprints until they stopped, but Hollis was nowhere to be found. This led people to assume that Mabel killed her son. Mabel admits that she'd never heard the sound they broadcasted before, but she insists that she knows more. Mabel believes that the people in the sky are there now. From what she's experienced, they only visit small towns and only at the time when people gather, like how the town gathered for the game tonight. The people in the sky talk to those who are alone while they sleep, playing with their minds. She blamed them for other people's selfish acts, believing that they meant this so conflict will remain on the planet. At the end of her story, Everett thanks her and excuses themselves to leave. Mabel requests for them to take her to the ship in the sky to find her son. Still skeptical, Everett denies. Instead, Mabel gives him the note where she wrote the strange words, asking him to say it to anyone they encounter tonight. However, Everett doesn't take it and leaves. Heading outside, Fay is ecstatic, thinking of borrowing a video camera to capture footage. But Everett is at his wit's end, not buying the stories. Fay's eyes widen as she remembers checking on Ethel and her sister. She runs back to her house and picks up her sister, Maddie, and realizes that Ethel is nowhere in sight. Fay heads to the neighbor's house, where she asks Gretchen to borrow her father's camera. Everett arrives, angered at Fay for taking Maddie with them. He still doubts Mabel and Billy's stories, but Fay is adamant about knowing more. They head back to the switchboard center and receive a call from a panicked Ethel. She tells Fay that she's watching something in the sky. Gerald and Bertsie arrive, telling them that the object is moving away from the town. Fay and Everett get into their car as they follow the object. Fay shares Ethel's story, describing that the object in the sky is round and is hiding in the clouds. Everett tells them about Mabel's claims that there are people in the sky who are abducting other people. He rewinds his tape recorder, playing the foreign language that Mabel was saying before they met her. Suddenly, Gerald and Bertsie look up at the car's roof, frozen. Fay yells to stop the recording as the car swerves. She holds onto her baby sister, ordering Everett to take the wheel from Gerald, who's still dazed. Finally, they park the car safely. The confused Bertsie and Gerald heavily apologize for what happened. But Fay is frightened and takes her sister into the woods, with Everett following close by. Tired, Fay kneels on the ground, clutching her sister as she cries. Everett stays by her side, calming her, but notices burnt branches on the ground. He checks the trees, with some still glowing with embers. They search the woods and found a circular clearing in the branches as if something crashed through. With this new discovery, Everett now believes that the people in the sky are real. Realizing they're in danger, Fay and Everett run through the woods, hoping to get to safety. They stop at a clearing where Everett spots something in the distance, and slowly walks to it. They turn and see the flying alien spaceship close by. Frozen in fear, the two watch the spaceship, with another flying over their heads to meet with it. Everett drops his recorder, stunned at the sight. The wind picks up, circling them like a small tornado. Everett holds Fay and Maddie in his arms protectively as the night darkens. Back at high school, the game is over, and the townspeople head to their homes. The power in Everett's radio station comes back as if nothing happened. In the clearing, Everett's tape recorder is covered in dirt. Everett, Fay, and Maddie have disappeared. 