in the wake of humanity's extinction, a teenage girl is raised by a robot designed to repopulate the earth. but their unique bond is threatened when a stranger arrives with alarming news. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2019 sci-fi mystery titled i am mother. get ready for some spoilers. take a seat and enjoy. an extinction level catastrophe occurs in the near future, and an underground bunker serving as a repopulation facility is triggered. its mission is to repopulate the planet. there are now 63 000 embryos in the system, with no human inhabitants. a robot called mother starts her program by growing a human embryo into a baby, which she then raises through childhood. when the little girl inquires as to why she is the soul kid, mother responds that she needs some time to learn about child rearing. years later, a teenage daughter lives in the bunker with her mother in preparation for an impending test. mother teaches daughter about ethics and morality. later, the facility's electricity goes out, taking mother with him. daughter investigates the problem and discovers a mouse that caused an electrical failure. the mouse, according to daughter, indicates there is life beyond the bunker. but mother feels the mouse is a disease carrier and burns it. mother also disinfects the airlock and places a quarantine around the location. daughter detects something coming from the direction of the airlock. a few days later, when the daughter goes near to the other hatch, she hears a lady yelling for help and claiming she's been shot. daughter immediately unlocks the safety doors and lets the poor lady inside. an alarm goes off, awakening mother. so daughter tells the stranger to hide. mother then arrives and punishes daughter for opening the doors. she takes her to classroom to teach her about right and wrong. daughter returns to the airlock as soon as mother has left, finding the lady unconscious. when the lady sees the water, she removes her mask and tells daughter that she has been deceived about the virus. as it turns out, mother constantly reminds daughter there is a deadly virus outside and she must not go out. daughter manages to conceal her in another area of the facility and rushes to get a medication for the stranger. when daughter hears mother coming by, she breaks one of the medication bottles and wounds herself on it. meanwhile, mother finds stranger's mask and burns it, while the stranger watches her do so. when daughter returns, the lady approaches her and begs for her pistol the daughter took from her when she was unconscious. describing the robot she saw, the girl informs the stranger that it is mother. but stranger tells the girl that robots hurt her when she was outside. the robot then arrives searching for the daughter. the woman then takes the gun and shoots the approaching robot. but the robot was not harmed, and after a short discussion with daughter, it takes the woman to the hospital area. but daughter is made to wait outside by mother. mother is now free to question the lady while treating her. mother informs the lady that her main goal is to care for mankind, and she must protect the girl the best she can. she explains why she had to lie to daughter about the fake infection in order to protect her from the dangers outside the facility. daughter has trouble digesting the new knowledge. but she still believes mother when she says the lady almost destroyed her processing unit. later, daughter digs through women's luggage and discovers a book with drawings. she visits the infirmary to speak with a lady and inquire about the drawings of the people she just saw in the book. the woman's mistrust of mother can also be sensed in her discussion with daughter, who believes she was instructed to look through her belongings and interrogate her by mother. when the lady informs her about all the terrible things the droids have done, daughter maintains her ground and defends her mother. daughter then visits mother as she treats her injuries and asks her about other robots, but mother carefully chooses her words and does not reveal too much. meanwhile, the woman is slowly dying due to her gunshot wound, and she needs operation immediately. daughter offers to do the operation. since the woman refuses to allow mother touch her, she agrees to be operated by the girl, but refuses anesthesia and passes out soon after the extremely painful operation. daughter later waits for the woman to awaken after she passed out from the agony. daughter brings her some food, and the woman then thanks the girl for all she done for her. later, daughter sees a chance to inform the woman that they can put the survivors of the facility if she tells them where they are. the woman describes the mining camp where she spent the most of her life. then she explains that she arrived to the facility to flee the droids that had murdered her stepbrother. the girl insists on bringing the survivors to the facility, but the woman offers her the option of joining her and the others in the mines, which is safer. mother comes in and interrupts their discussion, telling daughter that the lady needs to relax while she finishes her exam. as they leave the hospital, mother informs her that the bullet that was shot in her chest matches the one that daughter recovered from the woman's wound. mother indicates that another human may have shot the lady, perhaps for good reason. daughter then takes another exam and gets brilliant results. as a result, mother gives her a chance to choose an embryo she will then raise. daughter will finally have a sibling. later, daughter arrives to the infirmary to confront the woman about the bullet. the lady immediately cast out on mother's account regarding the gunshot, persuading her to do her own investigation. as a result, later that night, daughter uses mother's injured hand to unlock the cabinets containing the bullets. when daughter compares the bullet side by side, she finds that they are totally different sizes, implying that mother lied to her. she discovers a drawer with no label. while remaining in the storage area, daughter examines the embryo containers and discovers that she was the third kid born from that batch, not the first. the subject was a failure, according to the papers. but the kid in the picture looks like daughter when she was younger. daughter also looks for human remains in the incinerator and discovers a human jawbone among the ash. daughter is now in shock. she now believes the woman more than mother. daughter now wants to leave the place with a woman, and she wants to take her baby brother with her. the lady suggests that they leave now and seek assistance from the mind's residence. when mother sees daughter packing the provisions for their trip, the following day, she tells her to stop, and afterwards locks her up in the kitchen. daughter attempts to escape, while mother goes to the hospital to confront the woman. the girl swiftly finds out how to freeze the glass and then shatter it using a kind of gas. meanwhile, mother plays a tape of the woman's discussion with daughter, informing her of their plan. she was monitoring every move the woman has done. the woman suddenly sees a chance to fight her and manages to temporarily incapacitate the robot. but she simply continues going, grabbing her by the neck. meanwhile, daughter considers sounding the fire alarm, which alerts mother. the lady escapes and finds daughter. while mother is inspecting, where is the fire she persuades the girl that if they leave the facility immediately and recruit others from the mind to assist them, they would return for the others. they make it to the airlock, and when the woman sees mother coming, she sees his daughter as a hostage in order to force mother to open the door. mother, not wanting to harm daughter, agrees to her desire, and the two of them eventually leave the institution. the girl is angry because what just happened, but they continue their journey together. anyways, they stumble upon a huge cornfield, and woman tells the girl, before it, people were struggling to breathe. they arrive on a beach with a huge shipwreck and tons of cargo containers. one of those containers is actually the place where the woman lives. the woman admits that she had left the mines years earlier because the people who lived there started behaving badly when hunger hit. she informs daughter that locating them is impossible since they've all gone insane. daughter is shocked by the impending catastrophe of the woman's life outside, and regrets abandoning her brother. despite the woman's best efforts to persuade her to remain, daughter ultimately abandons her and returns to the institution on her own. when she approaches the facility, the guardian robots point their weapons towards her, but they let her go. when she mentions mother, the door opens for her to enter, but she quickly disables it to prevent the robots from entering. she searches for mother and finds her together with the infant. mother urges her to go closer, but to put the axe away. daughter continues letting her defenses down. as mother explains her purpose and the facility's purpose. the robot informs her that her goal was to create a better human than the ones who destroyed the world and themselves. mother did all she could to raise her human creations to a higher level, even if she was the one who ultimately created the extinction catastrophe. she reveals how all robots are the same, controlled by one mind, belonging to mother. she controls them all, and she destroyed human race. meanwhile, as they speak, an army of robots is trying to break into the facility. mother tells daughter that she can leave the facility without her brother, or she can stay and help mother raise the little boy. daughter chooses to stay, but to raise the kid on her own. as they speak, one robot can be seen approaching the woman in her container. it seems like woman's bag was bugged, so mother was able to trace her down. the robot tells the woman how she served her purpose, meaning that she was also once a project raised inside the facility by the mother. the woman is then killed. back in the facility, mother agrees to daughter's idea and points her how to shut her down. in the end, daughter is left alone with a baby and thousands of embryos that will start the life on earth once again. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 