[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. and what do they do when robot attacks an innocent bystander? they charge him with battery. hey. well, you know, we had to start off with a crap joke because i couldn't resist or but, but this video, there is a lot to talk about. amazon's invincible is now halfway through its first season, and the show is completely kicking all kinds of butt. as we watch mark grayson carving out a new legacy. it's full of violence, over-the-top gore and a lot of twists and turns that completely subvert your expectations. one of the most mysterious things going on right now centers around the enigmatic electric machine man, robot. and throughout this video, we're going to be discussing his true plan in the comics and where things could be going in the show. heavy spoilers ahead for his full arc. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you shut down now. if you enjoy the video, then please click the thumbs up button, and don't forget to subscribe to the channel to join my army of bots. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the video. okay, so we first meet robot when he's part of the team team. these are basically the invincible version of the teen titans. and slowly, throughout the season, they become some of the most respected superhumans on the planet. when we first come across him, this seemingly synthetic superhero shows off his super powered skill set and instantly seems like he's easily the mvp. because of this, he's chosen by cecil stedman to take over the guardians of the globe after their death at the hands of omniman. but the more and more that we follow him, the more we realize that something else is going on. in a conversation with monster girl, robot plays his hands slightly and drops a line about how people often don't look past his appearance. when the pair discuss how they're often judged because of the way they look. this line is very important for monster girl, as she's not the teenager that she seems to be. and in the series, we discover that she's actually 29 years old. similar to this, robot isn't actually a robot, and he's really a human called rudolph connors, or rudy, for short. rudy suffers from a genetic condition that means he's pretty much allergic to oxygen, and it burns his skin when he comes into contact with it. thus, rudy now lives in a specially built pod. and this strange baby-like monster that we see at the end of the fourth episode is actually him and not the machine. rudy is a complete genius, and he's easily the smartest character in the entirety of invincible. because of his incredibly high iq, the character has mastered all forms of technology. and he's used these means to not only keep him alive, but also make it so he can find a way to live outside the pod, able to control his machine body through his thoughts. rudy actually has an implant in his brain which can activate multiple robotic drones at once and all have them doing his bidding. this is called mechanokinesis, and it means that though he remains in the tank at all times, he still can have an impact in the world by using his puppets. rudy keeps up the premise of being a machine so that people don't look too closely at him. and slowly humanity starts to trust him more and more as a machine there to do their bidding. however, living in a tank and not even being able to wank takes its toll on the character, and he longs to escape the fate that he's been doomed to. the conversation with monster girl clearly sparks off a desire within him to find somewhat normality. and thus he embarks on a journey to completely change the way things are. rudy misses being out in the world, and knows that he's pretty much gonna be confined to this hell in a cell, is it a cell? never mind, confined to this hell in a cell, until he uses his intellect to escape. now it's from this point that the molar twins get involved. in the third episode, we watched as rudy helped them to escape from a supermax prison, and no one of them used the other as a human shield. rudy is well aware that they will become a pair once more due to the reliance on two people that most of their plans tend to have. though the molars seem like a typical hulk, like henchmen that are brawns over brains, like most things in invincible. they completely subvert expectations. the molars are experts in biology, and they're able to completely change genomes on a molecular level. and thus they have the ability to alter whatever life forms they wish to. in the comics, they were initially set free to resurrect the immortal who was beheaded by nolan after he attacked the guardians. this not only allowed rudy to further shape the guardians, but it also confirmed for him that they were right for his multi-phase plan. the first part of this involved finding a suitable and desirable host that he could clone and then take over. in the comics, and episode 4 of the season we saw him taking a blood sample from the character explode. rudy's true plan involves cloning rex and at the same time, with help from the maulers, he will duplicate his mind. now issue 31 makes it clear that it won't erase his brain or transfer it, but it will create a perfect copy that won't be able to tell the difference. this is something that is reflected in the mullers, the both of whom constantly argue back and forth over who the original is. on top of this, he also had ulterior motives, which involved monster girl. now, earlier in the comics, we did actually learn that she was attracted or explode, but he didn't have much interest because she seemed like a teenage girl. rudy, however, was interested in her, and he firstly warned the pair off one another, as this would have caused issues with public perception around the members. luckily for rudy, rex wasn't interested in her anyway. but that didn't mean that the former wouldn't go above and beyond to make her life better. rudy ended up taking a skin sample from her in the hopes of finding a cure for her mutation. you see, with monster girl, the more she transforms, the younger she gets. and thus she had lived quite a miserable existence, constantly in fear that she was gonna end up being a drooling mess at some stage, which probably gonna be coming to the most of us. now there's an excellent moment in the comics before the reveal, where monster girl suspects that rudy might be nervous around here, and he has to keep the facade of being a robot so that his plans go undetected. it's the classic tale of unrequited love, if one was an ever anti-aging monster that fell in love with her machine stalker. now, not only does rudy eventually find a way to reverse the effects on her, he also achieves his end game, and with help from the maulers, he makes a duplicate of his consciousness in the clone of wrecks. rudy promised to pay the mullers for their services. however, this was actually a ruse rusi like rudy, and he he actually apprehended them once more as criminals. sorry for that crap, joker's crap that. now, with the job done, rudy destroyed his former body, and he then started dating monster girl. however, he slowly became more and more deranged. and the longer that the comics went on, the more dangerous he got. in a cruel twist of fate, rudy's brain was actually put back into a jar that was looked over by the immortal. though he had his consciousness, he was relegated to this prison once more, under constant watch in case he ever tried to do anything dangerous. now, there are several arcs that all the characters go on. there's multiple timelines reboots and big changes that subvert a lot of your expectations, which is becoming a bit of a catchphrase. and depending on what issue of the comic you pick up, something completely different could be happening. robot goes back and forth between being a goodie and baddie, and because of this, he easily becomes one of the series most fascinating characters. now whether they stick with this or not for the show remains to be seen. and i was actually surprised how early they brought the quote-unquote clone saga into it, as it doesn't happen until much later in the book. this means that we could get him swapping over into his host at some point in the season, or potentially at the end for the show's big cliffhanger. either way, i can't wait to see what happens. and hopefully you enjoy this video and it subverted some expectations. yeah, great. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the character and what you think we're going to be seeing in the future of the show. make sure you comment below and let me know. and as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of april, in which we're giving away three copies of zack snyder's justice league in 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on robot. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of episode 4, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom, and pointing out all the comic book differences. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. by the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul, and i see you next time. take care. peace. 