[Music]. The Punisher, season 2 has just launched on Netflix, and similar to all of the other Marvel shows, there's a lot to unpack from its ending. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the finale of the show, as well as what it could have in store for the characters in the future if Netflix keep it going. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about season 2 of The Punisher, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I watch it, so you don't have to punish you. season 2 builds upon the events of the first season, with jigsaw and his allies becoming the main focus. this throws Frank into a battle with them that really feels climactic by the close of the season, whilst things seem like they get wrapped up in a neat little bow, there's some little teasers here that could highlight what could happen down the line. in the final few scenes of the show, we pick up with the character three months after killing jigsaw and shorts family. Frank seems to be a lone wolf, even turning down a position to become a professional hitman with the CIA, stipulating that he already has a job. we then cut to him busting up a drug dealer, decked out in full panache agir which begs the question, is this a full job or not? unfortunately, we don't get any clarity on this issue, but it seems that a mysterious force may be bankrolling the character. some may think he is doing on his own, but I don't think there would have been a time jump had this been the case. I believe that in those three months, Frank has set up his own dealings and is now on someone's payroll. another question you may have with season 2 is, where is Mike Rowe? well, the character is completely absent from the series, not even getting so much as a mention. so it's safe to assume that he is at home living as a free man. however, he could also be operating covertly with Frank once more, and it would be great to see in return, should Netflix another season. other missing aspects come in the form of Beth. initially, she was built up as a seemingly very important character that could become a potential love interest. but was quickly dashed away. there's two highlights that she may be used later down the line, as the character didn't even get a reunion with Frank in the finale. another potential return comes in the form of the show's main villain, jigsaw. while it appears that he is probably not capable of putting himself back together after being shot four times, the character has been known to survive death in the past. in the source material at jigsaw was even thought dead and gone once and for all, before he was resurrected by marble villain known as threat. we all know he's been through hell before in the finale of season one, so it's more than likely that he could come out of this situation too. whilst all of the prior notes are hypothetical in regards to the second season, they all ask the same thing, will the Punisher actually return for season 3? well, firstly, he seems like the kind of guy that would cancel Netflix rather than them canceling him. but things don't look good. Deborah and will, who plays Karen page in the show, has already stated that she will not be playing her character ever again. the fact that not one single MCU reference is dropped in the entire season, makes me think that the creators are finally trying to distance the two entities. however, there is hope. rumors have circulated that the new streaming service at Disney Plus will be picking up the pieces of the Netflix heroes. and I would love to see this happen. however, with unconfirmed reports, I guess we won't find out until the day that it launches. so what did you think of season 2 of The Punisher? is there any moment in the finale that stood out for you and you prefer to the first season? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's are the big release glass, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that. you've been the best. not next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 