listen, I'd say Annabelle is the most iconic in the ever-expanding conjuring Cinematic Universe. and if they tried hyping up the nun insert Thanos, then Annie's the Loki who's always just causing havoc. we already have a video breaking down the entire universe if you need a recap. but when it comes to comparing the three, Annabelle, far from homecoming, ain't his greatest creation, it's definitely better than the first, but I thought it was still solid. rented because they decided to go a different route with this one that surprised me, because they had these things called anti jump scares. let me explain. so in case you missed a recap, the story for animal goes as follows. she gets arisen when these two parents lose their daughter and get duped into summoning a spirit that embodies install in real life. it's actually based off of a Raggedy Ann doll that makes several cameos throughout the series. but considering that the movie version is way more menacing, these two parents and the entire incoming orphanage at the house stood no chance. the demon controlling the doll ends up transferring over to one of the girls in the orphanage, who ends up escaping. she joins a call in years later after new adoptive parents, as the next door neighbor watches. which leads us to the events of the first movie, which I'm not gonna waste your time on. cut to the warrens who are picking her up in order to lock her up in their basement. and Lorraine even mentions how Annabelle is a conduit, possessing other things. pretty much, she's saying that Annabelle's are heipiess when it comes to the other demons. it's that approach that makes it kind of feel like a goosebumps movie. they even called it a Christian movie themselves, which no better way to prove God than to prove the devil. but what I mean by anti scares is that they'll have a lot of moments where they build up for a loud noise. and a lot of jump scares do this thing where you wonder how they couldn't even sense the person behind them, or why is it that there's a huge violin thing that comes out of nowhere here? it's nothing. it's like an hour and 20 minutes of edging before they give you one big scare. now, to some of you, that's an automatic, yeah, I'm saving my money, I'm saying inside, I liked it. this director has actually written all three Annabelle movies, and he also did the it movies. and I like how now that he's directing, he's going a little bit of a different route, because while the movie is called Annabelle, it's not really about her. she doesn't really go home or and for that matter, it's really a question about when Lorraine's coming home, since her daughter feels alone. you know, since this one happens to Mac dab in the middle of these, they decided to recast the actress who had been playing the daughter faster than Thrones did, Marcella. but it makes sense to get McKenna for this once. and she's, I kid you, not, literally been playing the younger version of every character that's interacted with a ghost. I thought a lot about what it was like to be, you know, the daughter of Ed and Lorraine Warren, and knowing what they did, and when they leave the house, they're going into really certain danger, or you didn't know what they were gonna bring back, and you were living in this house that had this room full of horrors. it's interesting seeing the story of the Warrens from the perspective of their daughters. and she's getting haunted at school, and it's no big deal to her. you know, Alex wolf almost lost his head in hereditary when he saw an old lady. Judy's like, Oh, give me some space. not only is she being chased like it follows and it's normal to her, but she's getting bullied at school for getting cooties from ghosts middle schoolers. middle schoolers are worse than demons. her parents are always away shooting a conjuring movie, so she's getting babysat by Mary, who, let's be honest, no wife would assign that check. the most unbelievable part of this movie wasn't the demons and all the crazy stuff that happens, it's the idea that Lorraine would have no problem letting Mary stay in her home. next to add she's clairvoyant. I'd be dead. Mary's friend Daniela, then comes over, and I first you think that she's just one of those girls who came straight out of a Ouija movie trying to cause trouble. do I like my find oh. but then we see her true motives. Judy and Mary go outside, leaving Danielle inside, calling out to the spirits to open the basement door where all the items are at. and the demons are like, not yet. we'll we'll open it later when it's convenient for the plot. she ends up finding the keys in their office, behind a picture of Jesus, which, sure take the wheel, but guys keep the keys on you at all times. she goes downstairs. and if you work for a museum, if you're one of those anal people who always want to make sure people are off the grass, I'm telling you, skip this movie, because Daniella goes down there and touches everything. [Music]. I'm talking about. she was touching things that weren't even on the screen. at this point, we realized that she's not a party girl looking over here to cause some craziness. but she's mourning the loss of her dad, who died in a car accident, the car that she was driving. and thought she blames herself. and when this ho here's all these intimate details she Danielle, Dan Wok's up to a knees glass case, which says positively do not. she opens it. Danielle Dan heads upstairs when the cake in the oven burns. but I'm telling you right now that I was surprised to see that, for the first time ever, Annabelle is finally acting the next Meryl. I actually really like the backstory to Danielle, because that grief, that guilt, what push you to go into this haunted Carnival of possessions like you would be touching everything because you want it to be real. if you can prove there's an afterlife, you salvage the chance of being able to talk to your dad one more time. and it's interesting because you have one character who's willing to enter the world of the conjuring in order to reach her parent, which is beautiful when you contrast it to Judy's character, who feels that the world of the conjuring is what's distancing herself from her parents. and Annabelle just don't give a damn about any of that. like I said, the movie feels like at adults goosebumps tale, as this poster tells you, and even the trailer, they know that Annabelle's just a selling point. that's the only reason her name's on the poster. it's more that you're coming into the home of the conjuring universe. you're going into the room where they have all the Infinity stones that are demonic. and it feels like a more demented pee-wee's Playhouse. you know, you have this samurais story that's being told on audible in the background. Judy sees this bride mannequin that keeps haunting him. there's this fairy man who collects coins as his toll. and they kind of take a lights out. darkness falls approach. we're yet to shine a light on him in order to disappear. there's this hellhound file that they have with a specific date in case there's an upcoming movie. and we see it almost annihilate Mary's boyfriend. and evil feely melee game, for those who didn't see velvet bus all this year. and my personal favorite, which was this super creepy futuristic TV they can see the the future, like ten seconds ahead. they're claiming all of these things are not meant to foreshadow spin-offs, but neither were these and they now have franchises. so feel Amelie, Netflix series coming soon in the midst of all these hauntings. you get some other stuff that I thought was pretty interesting, like this kid, Bob, who pulls up serenading them like Miguel from Gokul. it was a really cool shot of Annabelle shadow that shows you every incarnation of her from the previous movies. i legit burst out laughing at the clip where they call the Warrens for help and Annabelle answers. and then, I kid you not, they do feed her by bobbin and Weavin till they knocked her out. goodnight. they press play on one of EDS exorcisms, since they already had the Our Father pre-recorded. and then dip bob has enough balls to get his kiss. Danielle dresses up like Daphnia. she's inspired to bus ghosts. and Judy realizes that what her parents do for a living doesn't just help the dead, but their loved ones who are still grieving. oh, and it also makes for a profitable franchise. I think you guys checking out this video. I'm here to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, I believe that yo Donna. some people were arguing that it's not in the universe. but, like I was in attendance at South by when they said it was a part of the universe. Annabelle's clearly part of the universe. they got the crooked man, they got another conjuring movie coming out. this franchise is not stopping anytime soon, and it'll be interesting to see where they take it. I think it's interesting that, in 2019, not really interesting, but said that, we have had so many people for these big franchises that you kind of have an in memoriam with Loraine passing this year, Stan Lee's passing, Don Rickles for Toy Story, like these things are starting to become even more depressing as they get older, because everyone who started these are gonna end up passing away. I do think that they could have done a little bit more with the movie, because they could have easily put a VALIC thing in there, considering that was an easter egg, if if you saw the recap video, or if you've been following along, where Valek should still have had its name within the house and stats what it was planning on doing for the sequel. i also think that it's kind of interesting how it was very difficult to bring in Annabelle, and then Annabelle and the entire room of goons come to life, and they couldn't go up against three girls. I'm starting to think the ferryman just had a crush on Annabelle and was trying to flex for her, because he could've easily left if he wanted to, and he did it. your scenario? thoughts about this movie? again, for me, it's the ghost creation, then this one, and then the first one, which I'm not a real big fan of. but let me know how you would rank them, how you would rank the entire conjuring universe in your perspective. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. I shall leave your closet. 