[Music]. [Applause]. welcome to disturbing comics, where we talk about the craziest comics. it's been nine months since the last one, and it's because i honestly didn't feel like doing it. well, we're back on it now. the single most recommended comic slash manga from you all has been metamorphosis, authored by shindo l metamorphosis is about a shy and quiet girl who wants to become more social and popular as she enters high school. however, a combination of the wrong decisions plus bad company literally takes her on a sad and depressing road filled with drug-filled sex and just depression. prepare yourself. this story is a bucket of [ __ ]. it's a [ __ ] buck if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up stuff, stay tuned for the comic. oh yeah. cue to gohan middle school graduation day. i don't even remember the eighth grade sake yoshida, though she didn't have a good middle school experience. saki didn't make any friends on middle school, leaving her bitter about herself. she wants to get out of her introverted shell and be a person people want to be friends. well, i don't think introversion is a shell though. a lot of people who act introverted won't even admit that they're introverted because they think it just means anti-social, loner. well, saki isn't very anti-social at all. she went right to her mother to learn how to apply makeup and get her hair done. she did on the first day of high school. saki is turning heads with her new look. she becomes that girl and follows that road to confidence. the problem is that saki is very naive and impressionable, as most people are. saki has never been flirted with before. she's instantly smitten with some random guy she met at this convenience store on papo street. this isn't a student. he's a grown ass man who influences her to go hang out at a karaoke place. again, she's so new to this whole hookup thing, and he can tell. they move really fast into kissing and eventually sex. now, i don't know if i mentioned this in the beginning, but this is a hentai manga, so all you really need to know is that saki has sex with some random ass dude who she doesn't know the name of. but also, he gives her some drug that makes her very receptive. she becomes a [ __ ] buddy for this guy whose name is hayato. hayato is apparently the only person she could connect with. this is because with her new appearance means not revealing much, so people don't think she is playing. that's why a lot of people don't reveal things in their relationships, because they're afraid of looking uninteresting. still, fitting in is going to cost money. and her classmates get a lot of money from doing compensated dating sake. gets signed up in everything so that she can participate too. her first client is some middle-aged man who chose her for that innocent look she carries. now, again, this is a hentai, of course, and most of the pages are lots of sex. one thing about saki that i haven't seen anybody mention though, is that she's, she's a little masochistic. i don't much care about that. i mean, that's fine. you know, you do you. but it has a unique feeling to this story when she's welcoming her own humiliation. the client is pretty dirty too. let's just say this. he thinks that if women have a purpose, it's to be piped sake. gets home very late. and what mother wouldn't be mad at that. the most important thing is that her mother wants her daughter to feel safe and trusting of her family. that's what makes a good parent, right? when you can literally tell them stuff and not be afraid, but rather support it. saki has a new problem though. some classmates of her took pictures of her exiting a love hotel after the sex with that client. now, to get them to not reveal things, she does sexual stuff for them. now, i'll be honest, i think this next segment was a bit forced, but it's getting to be like a strange circus up in here. saki's father gets fired from his job, and like a good daughter, she offers to take up some part-time work. it's here that the father begins to look at his daughter the wrong way. late at night, he comes in a room drunk as hell and pretty much rapes her again. she's a bit masochistic, so she's a little receptive to this. this incest between the two goes on for a minute, even when she's trying to save her reputation at school by having sex with lots of boys who hold evidence of her doing compensated dating. eventually, though, she finds her school desk vandalized, secretly by them same girls who befriended her. they set her up for this fall. after all, they recommended her doing compensated dating and then sent their [ __ ] ass boy toys to take pictures of her. now i don't know how common this vandalism is today, but with how dignified these japanese high schools seem to be, you think the facility would do something about that. anyway, she runs out crying, hoping her mother can help. she was the one who told saki that she could always trust her family. as soon as she gets home, her mother literally slaps that belief out of her head. her mother slaps her and beats her because she's been having sex with the father. it's not even that. it's because she thinks saki seduced her father, when we know damn well it was the other way around, at least. see how we get strange circus up in here. after beating her and giving her husband a pass, she kicks her own daughter out on the streets. that's the opposite of what her mother should do, especially what she would do with nowhere left to go. she lives with that hayato guy from before. she really loves him, i guess, unaware of how he really sees her, she hangs with him since she doesn't go to school or live at home, and that means being around the criminals. he is usually around. hayato isn't too defined. he is in depth, and usually hangs around these demeaning drug dealers. he owes like 8 million yen. and our naive sake, offers to help him pay off that debt. this includes mostly lending her body in the masochistic fashion. she inhabits now, skipping the dark sex. saki goes through another change in appearance. she has piercings done in a drugs state and got a tan and blonde dyed hair. she's working as a prostitute to help support herself and pay off hayato's debt. she is pregnant though, and of course, hayato makes her get an abortion because he wants to be sure it's his son, and abortion is something she doesn't want to go through again. she continues her prostitution work, but at one point encounters a familiar old man, the same guy she had a compensated date with months back. however, this time he wants nothing to do with sake. he thinks that dying her hair, tanning her skin and getting those piercings devalue her as worthless. he gives her money just so she can eat. she begs to earn this money, though, and that just again gets her into some humiliation sex we can just skip even. after that, she has sex with hayato's drug dealer friends while hopped up on one of those needle drugs, i don't really know, drugs like that. so honestly, these sex pictures and frames are very disgusting. seeing her drugged up many times in these stories is painful to look at. she wakes up in the trash after getting robbed of her money during her drugged slumber. still, she goes back to that same drug dealer who has sex with her again for money. instead of money, he gives her more drugs. and drugs reveals heyato's true colors. when he finds the drugs, he kicks her out. and now she really has no home anymore. even worse is that she is dependent on these drugs. now, saki is raped and sodomized by two homeless people while taking shelter at a playground. it's very gross. it's pretty gross, like, really gross, since not only is she high, with her drugged up orgasm faces, but they are homeless people who haven't showered in years, probably. and yes, he, he drew every detail. when she wakes up, she finds herself in a shanty town for homeless people. ironically, these are the people who help her in some degree. she vomits soon. it's pretty gross, but it means she's pregnant again. this time though, saki, she doesn't want to get an abortion. she doesn't want to get another abortion. all she wants to do is protect this baby and change herself for this child's sake. some time passes, probably, but saki hasn't been doing what she needs for the baby. she's still dependent on those drugs and still having sex with various men for shelter. so this part of the story hits the hardest. it's just really uncomfortable seeing a girl like this affected by drugs and on the street. she's been saving up money, though. with all that money, she needs to get some help right away. and some kind of sick irony her old classmates come across and bully the homeless girl. they don't recognize her, but even if they did, it wouldn't stop the sick bullying they do on her. they beat her and kick her stomach everywhere, and even push a bottle inside of her. okay, so saki's story comes to a close, a sad and depressing one at that. she looks in the mirror, showing us this strange metamorphosis she went through. she slams her own head against the mirror, breaking it, and takes the rest of her drugs. this causes her to overdose, but die with a smile. so saki is dead. but before dying, she has a dream where she imagines herself as a mother, a mother who defeated her struggles and got through her drug addiction and everything to secure a good life for her daughter. it's a sad ending, but showing the broken glasses on the floor reveals that was, of course, just a dream, and life moves on. alright. so that was pretty hard to read. i haven't felt that bad since i read that junko faroota manga by uzugawaita. it wasn't as bad as that one for me, but still, this was very depressing. now that ending is put up to interpretation. so you could easily say that saki did survive and live through everything to birth her daughter. but after the release of the manga, it seems common to retconned it so that she gets a happier ending. the author, shindo l shindol, he even makes frames in which saki is just a character in a film, meaning this whole story was just scripted. he also makes some jojo's bizarre adventures, funny page in which characters from that manga save saki. if even the author would like to show a better alternative fursaki, then perhaps, retroactively, saki really did survive her troubles. see, wasaki needed was a kiryu, anybody with a caring heart. everybody in this story was just so evil and selfish, like, i don't know, real life. metamorphosis was the most axe for a comic, and here it is. so tell me, what's next? another manga? or should we start on american comics? regardless. thanks for joining me on this video. it's pretty intimidating to make videos like this when people are used to the disturbing breakdowns. so here's the last disturbing comics video. still pretty hopeless, but maybe you're on a roll. so why not again? thanks for watching. spooky out 