[Music]. yo, this is recap reps. a lot of things have happened during this presidential election, and we're gonna break it all down for you as simple as possible. here we go. more than seven years itching from that 0-weight election, all the mrs clinton's mission started back in 47. up to this year, her nomination would have been a given if the land of ben and jerry hadn't served their competition. hello old bernie sanders, the veteran senator, left leaner, standing for the 99 percentage. tried to change the game, planted revolutionaries. the revolution only overthrew our facebook feeds. was the tight race through all the primaries and caucuses. iowa, new hampshire. no pundit could have thought of this. the clinton pulled ahead, mostly thanks to super delegates. the california, south dakota, bernie said, south philadelphia. it took a turn. some emails leaked, and schultz felt the burn burn. kane joined the ticket cause, i guess he was around. got the democrats locked. now sit your ass down. there's way more coming. and you bet that we got plenty before we choose a chief to lead us into 2020. we'll check in with the riper right now, sing it to me. maybe the republicans could have the next president. but first they had to whittle down a herd of wild elephants. seemed like a circus there with 17 candidates and more flat white bread than subway sandwiches. jeff was a mess, but kasich was okay, and that md from md. could have used mdma. little marco singing carly and the zodiac cruiser. but little did they know that they would all be huge losers. celebrity and businessman made a money sprayed orange hairpiece. little hands. i wrote it to a corner. ruthless. in the primaries, rhetoric was vicious. debates felt like broken families arguing at christmas. look at these hands. i guarantee you. there's no problem. i guarantee. then they went to cleveland. hell halibut convention. you got cruise boos, roll petitions, blatant plagiarism and the cherry on top, putting pencil to the mix. oh, christy, we could cheer you up. let's take it to the bridge. made it through. found the diamonds in the rough. now down to two candidates, clinton feed trump. well, there's other people too, but they're not relevant enough. [Music]. coming down the stretch, we got a pair of white people. some say the better is the lesser of two evils. one of them's a cyborg who's good at losing emails. the other is allowed mouth who can't connect with females. ask megan kelly or rosie o'donnell, heidi klum branded roderick or alicia machado. a chivalry a failure like trump. ice water. don't forget, he said he'd even bang his own daughter. but clinton stays quiet. you could even say classified. some information can't be found upon her website. go and check the facts, or offer up a donation, and if you got uranium, take it to her foundation. trump's got one of those, but really, it's a piggy bank. you're buying self-portraits while choking down his fizzy drinks. twitter's hard to handle, quoting generals from axis. this new jersey general don't even pay his taxes. clinton's in the clear. she doesn't pay people off or get involved with wall street. damn. this pneumonia got us both feeling awful, but nothing can compare to that. at least she's familiar with a bit of foreign policy. and trump, beauty. they don't even teach about geography. his unifying cause is a literal divider. he wants to make his very own great wall of jaina. sure, they got flaws, but we can find a way to settle this. we've educated conversation, emanating eloquence. talk about the issues like aleppo and obamacare, taxes, environment and terrorism. everywhere. nope, it's all arguing and threatening to sue, demonizing, contradicting, angling the truth, jail threats, wikileaks, whining over time. and the mic worked fine, at least it did it all five so don't vote, america. we gotta do this properly to get us back in shape. we have to exercise democracy. we're near the finish line. this is where we need our stamina. but if we fall apart, well, i guess there's always canada. that was a rundown of what's happened so far in the 2016 presidential election. and this is recap raps. thankfully, no other scandals have happened since we dropped this right. regardless, make sure all y'all are registered to vote. and may god have mercy on our souls. america. what's up guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, why not check out either these other two dope videos? and as always, be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest warp zone content coming at you every tuesday and thursday. all right, i'm gonna go check out what the weather's like in toronto this time of year, and the rest of the years of my life. whoopsing out. 