welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and right out the gate, d23 has some amazing announcements, with more Marvel shows being added to the Disney Plus roster, as well as a kit harington casting rumor that sounds too good to be true. now, we knew that Kevin Feige was holding some stuff back at San Diego Comic Con recently, and I think it's pretty safe to say now that he did have some tricks up his sleeve. at the d23 Disney Plus panel, the Marvel Studios president announced that she Hulk, MS Marvel and Moon Knight would be coming to the streaming service, and that they would be essential viewing for those who want to stay up to date with the movies. both Moon Knight and MS Marvel have been rumored for a while, with brie Larson as strongly captaining, excuse the terrible pub there, the latter, ever since her own solo movie, Captain Marvel, launched in cinemas earlier this year. the incredible face for update now means that the shows will feature alongside the other following Disney exclusives, the Falcon and Winter Soldier, Loki, and the mysterious what-if series that will show alternate versions of famous events from the Marvel Universe. whilst no dates have been announced for the shows yet, it is possible that they could even lead into phase 5 and appear in the latter part of the slate as a bridge between the two lineups. the Disney Plus shows are set to be essential viewing for Marvel fans, with Loki exploring what happened to the character after he disappeared in Avengers endgame, and one division showcasing how vision is brought back from the dead. can machines die? I don't know, is it? is it like when you buy a new laptop? I don't know. anyway, I'll show Scarlet Witch gone to the computer repair store to get fixed, I'd imagine. for those who don't know, she-hulk is Bruce banners cousin. and she became the character after she received a blood transfusion from banner that transformed her. this could be from smart Hulk, which would set why the character is not a rageful monster. as bar her appearance and abilities, there's little changes about her mentally. MS Marvel is Kamala Khan, who is Captain Marvel's protege, and she's the first Muslim superhero to headline her own comic book. I definitely think this will be tied together tightly with cap Marvel. and the two will probably appear side-by-side in the show, which will help disturb Captain Marvel. to Moon Knight has been rumoured for months now, and he is a former mercenary and CIA agent that has a split personality, but carries the powers of an Egyptian god. though the announcement of kit harington's casting coinciding alongside the announcement of moonlight could indicate that he is playing the character. there is actually another rumor floating about that the Game of Thrones star will be playing none other than Wolverine in the x-men universe reboot. Harrington would really fit the part, I think. and with the Russo brothers saying that they'd be interested in directing a Wolverine solo movie, this could be the first domino that helps to open up the x-men characters to the MCU. it's definitely something I'd love to see. and I think this lineup is incredible. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the upcoming shows and which one you're most excited for. leave your thoughts in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out my breakdown of the report that spider-man is back in the MCU, which would be linked at the end. I go over the apparent new deal between Disney and Sony and also give my thoughts on it. I'll also be covering everything Marvel related all weekend from d23, so make sure you stay locked at the channel for all the major updates. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 