[Music]. welcome to a breakdown, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. today we are checking out a really famous, disturbed, yet funny feeling called dog tooth. but before we even get started, let me give you guys a proposition. so that's what dog to this film is about how a man keeps his three kids isolated from all society. in fact, they are grown now, still acting like kids and brainwashed to believe nonsense at times. I do want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts. stay tuned for a breakdown. the movie starts off with recording telling a bunch of nameless young adults the words of the day, it seems. this is their little homeschool lesson for them. the girl is - Otis. this guy is the middle, and this girl is the youngest. the youngest says, let's play an endurance game when we hold our fingers under hot water to see who lasts longest. although the kids all communicate awkwardly, and the middle one even struggles to name the game. we then cut to a car ride where a woman's security guards being driven somewhere with their eyes closed. it's some man driving her who happens to be the dad with the three young ones. we saw he asked a girl named Christina if she is all cleaned up. since, like Christina is about to let her body be used, if that was a question. the man drives to a spot, getting out to hang of no enter sign before turning into a secluded area, taking off the girls. I cover ease. the father walks in on the middle brother, telling him Christina is here. the man sets up the bed and closes the door, and we see the two get ready for the most Awkward sex ever. but wow, this dude ain't even excited down there. most guys get excited from seeing a single breast. the bed is too loud to even comfortably have sex on. so let's see what the older sister is doing. Oh, looks like she's talking to Christina the security guard. I guess the brother didn't last too long. looks like that was all she was here for. it too. and she must go, even though the two sisters are very intrigued with her. oh, but before you go, how about I record those awkward video everywhere doing is sitting there. she's smiling like he's gonna kill her family if she doesn't show them T then we see the kids playing around, sparring like some Goku vs. Vegeta type [ __ ]. meanwhile, the youngest sister is cutting off the body parts of her dolls while also screaming in my ears. then we see the brother trying to get all dressed up, tying the tie and look and fly. maybe homie got a date. well, the sisters are getting dressed up too. looks like they do that all to eat dinner. I sorta wish I could eat dinner like this one day. but we get a hint of realization about the kids brainwashing when the youngest one acts the mom to pass me the phone. please pass me the phone. who you finna call with that seems like the parents don't want her to know what a phone is. it seems like the kids are rewarded with stickers, and whoever has the most gets to choose exactly what they want to do when it comes to recreational activities. their brother says, let's watch spooky rice. and it's always you get to see a fan of the channel, even in the movies. who knew they would enjoy the bestest third film channel on YouTube? well, enough jokes. they are actually watching some homemade videos whose consists of the family, it's even more obvious how isolated the kids are from the real world. then, after seeing the brother clean dad's car, he talks to some hedges, saying that they are complete garbage of washing the car. maybe he is talking to someone he thinks is over there. he even throws projectiles over the wall as a punishment. he's got a whole mouth, washing his mouth for a while. then we see the family washes. the dad gets in the car before the sister gets entry, dat a plain saying she'll get the plane if it falls, before getting the living taste slapped out of her mouth by mom, who replies with, whoever deserves it will get the plane. if I heard what they said inside us in public, I would have burst out laughing. it's so random and not makes sense. we see the father being led into a compound by Cristina. it's like he's relatively successful. then we see the two sisters play a game, sniffing something drug that makes you fall asleep when you breathe it. I forgot what it was called, but Asian 47 uses that a lot. whoever wakes up first wins the game. well, then we see the parents get ready for bed, but seeing how the father is climbing on top, must mean we have another awkward sex scene. then we see the young ones playing what seems to be a sticker gaming game. I guess whoever finds mom first gets the most stickers. then we see a sister throwing slices of bread over the walls, just like they think they have a sibling on the outside. then the father picks up Christina for sex, again in the house. Christina is mad at the brother because he won't eat her kitty, right? he prefers this awkward doggy style. we then see Christina talked to the older sister closing the door. she asked the sister if she likes her headband, offering to give it to her to return for something. well, Christina takes her pants off, saying, if she eats her kitty, she'll get the headband. it's kind of funny seeing her eat the kitty to tease like the sister likes it though, because she has her sister, she will lick her. well, the older sisters has to lick her shoulder though. also, the two sisters even think their mom talks to herself, unaware that she uses a telephone. then the two siblings fight over an airplane, really getting at it. the older sister throws it out, but then one of the girls randomly grabs the brothers arms and slashes him, spraying blood everywhere. well, of course, she got her [ __ ] kicked in by momma. the brother as that to get the airplane. and the dad gets in his car, drives a few feet, gets a toy and drives right back in. he really doesn't want his kids to know they can go outside safely. then we see the brothers scared at night, so he gets in bed with mommy and daddy. boys, you don't get your big ass back to bed, even though they look like adults. if you're treated and brainwashed to be a child, I guess you are a child. wait, wait, wait, look us the kitty cat. it seems that the three kids are scared out of their minds the creature who was just minding his own business. I mean, it's just a cat. and what are you doing with those garden tools, bro, plus, I don't know, any Shrike has to just stand still. as soon as I even lick in the direction of a cat, it's running off like Barry Allen, okay, guys, look, it's not called disturbing breakdown for nothing. we see the brother murder the cat. and it kind of made me flinch a little. y'all want to know why? okay, warning, giving you'll hear this urban cat cries. so either mute until the time it says in the middle of the screen or skip to that time. sorry, that's called you guys, but at least it can't get any worse. oops, spoke too soon. we then see the father who paints himself in fake blood and ripped his clothes. he tells the siblings out there, brother behind the wall is dead, ripped to pieces by a cat. he caused the cat the most dangerous animal out there, teaching the whole family to act like dogs to scare the cat's away. that was kind of cute. later, they even have a little funeral for their nonexistent brother behind the wall. then we see the TV playing some spooky rice, not just playing it straight up porn, y'all. looks like this is how the couple gets down and dirty. at dinner. the dad tells nonsense to the kids like they can't leave until their dog to come out. and even then, they must wait till he grows back to learn how to drive. then we get an awkward conversation. the sister saw the word [ __ ] on a foreign tape that the parents were watching, making the mom explain that a [ __ ] is just a light bulb. then a dad plays Frank Sinatra's fly me to the moon, saying that this is their grandfather translating the song to the kids into some entirely different lyrics. but the family dances to it anyway. then we see Christina and the Otis arguing, saying she won't lick her keyboard if she doesn't trade her some of her Hollywood movies. well, Christina really wants her keyboard licked, so looks like he's a deal. we then seen the oh just watching the movies in secret, and almost get caught by dad. we then see her reenacting dial off on the rocky balboa movies. and then this, that has to be the silliest scene i've seen all year. well, this reenact, think, of movies, creeps out her siblings in a pool, acting like what I'm guessing his jaws in. the eventually, dad finds the tapes. he duct tapes the tapes on his hand and beats the everliving out of his daughter with it on the head. I can't even lie though, she took that's like a gangster. I would have been crying. then we see the dad went to Christina's home, grabbing a VHS and knocks the spirit out of Christina, cursing her future kids. this felt like something I've seen The Sopranos. then the parents hear the brother crying. it turns out he got hit with a hammer by the sister, who is lying, saying that it was a cat who had the hammer. well, to keep up the brainwashing, he punishes the brother. then the parents talk quietly like this to see who will replace Christina. the dad suggests that the oldest daughter will replace her. we didn't see the big tittied sisters sharing a bag with the brother. he has his eyes closed, choosing which sister he wants by filling on them. he chooses the oldest, and she is groomed by mom to have sex with her brother. they awkwardly get each other ready for sex. although it's kind of funny hearing the oldest reenact movie dialogue and anger against the brother. then we see the parents of waiting anniversary is coming, and the kids celebrate by dancing awkwardly. you wouldn't see me dancing like that in my prom. we didn't see the youngest getting tired, and the oldest began dancing her own little reenactment from the movie Flashdance. seems like the family is disturbed by her really cool moves. the mom picks her up and exhausted, eat some cake, like they got plenty more. then we see her in the bathroom with a dumbbell. she hits herself with it, completely making me flinch for the first time in disturbing breakdown history, like I really turned away each time. she hits herself again, spraying blood on a mirror. and once more, her mouth is dripping blood, and we see she has finally got rid of her dog tooth. she walks out to the dangers garden, blood all on her she walks to the trunk, hiding inside. the youngest daughter then licks on her death awkwardly, licking more, asking for a harpoon. he then discovers the dog tooth of the oldest sibling. frantically running to find the daughter, he can't find her at all. and the others come outside barking I'm saying Bruce, which was the name the oldest chose for herself from a Hollywood movie. well, it looks like the sister is gone and all they have left is each other. but kissing like this is out of the question to your siblings. brother, the movie insist. the father goes to work unaware that his daughter is in the back trunk. what do you guys think is gonna happen? would she leave the trunk, or would she stay in the trunk forever? I don't know. but what I do know is we aren't done yet. it's time to look at the mostess third moment and most enjoy moment in that spooky stuff. [Music]. okay, let's get right into it. the most disturbing women from me is, personally, the dumbbell hitting scene. that violence to herself just seems so real. what dedication the actress has, if it was the most enjoy well, it was probably, I don't know. there were so many funny parts, but I guess, for my sake, I always had to slap the mama gave the eldest, I just burst out laughing at that nonsense. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. and if you haven't already, consider checking out some of these other disturbed movies and this play, this on the right. thanks for 3000 subscribers as well. and if you're new, consider clicking on that nice spooky rice logo to subscribe today. thanks for watching. spooky out 