Liz, this is Pixar's Sophie's Choice, is what they're saying. now, be honest, i legit thought this was a dream Rex animation, which, as a cartoon, I feel very prejudice to you to even be judging sketches by their shading. but the truth is, even though Pixar has switched up the look, even though, you know, their promo now consists of the lead actors coming in for trailer reactions, even as, sadly, voice acting seems to be turning more into actors who voices we recognize, it still has that Pixar ending one that's so good daddy. use it twice. and we do multiple screenings of the movie, and whenever you look at the first screening versus what we released theatrical, it's, it's really different. but the ending, we boarded it once on screening one, and it we haven't touched it. let me explain. so for those who don't know, big spoilers coming up right here. it is on Disney Plus, so go check it out if you haven't. but I want tells the story of two boys who, through magic, get the chance to bring back their father for one day, but sadly, are missing his top part, which really ain't half bad, considering some of us are still missing the whole. prior to the magical elements, the dad was originally written to be a scientist who was working on a machine to bring back the bed. and that's what the sons would eventually use to reboot him. but swapping it to a magical world allowed it to become a character of its own. this is a world that has sort of lost touch with its potential, and Ian as a guy who's too scared to get in touch with his. and we get to watch the world and Ian change at the same time. pretty much this world gave up magic for convenience, which I think it's a really good lesson there. I just don't know if plumbers would have done that as well. like, I get it, not even Hogwarts has their missiles down when it comes to poopit come on. just like the world around him. ian is too insecure to do anything like he just, he literally never commits. well, but the one thing you did do was dipper Lee like your [ __ ]. that's also something we see within the other characters. Octavia Spencer's character is supposed to be this brave warrior but she's stuck working at a medieval times. the mom won't leave her beard. barley, Ian's brother, has a cereal addiction to his board game that even his mom tells him to and more about your future. so communes birthday, the mom gives them a gift that their daddy left behind for his sons once they both turn 16. and since Chris to him near 35, ironically, it's not barley who can conjure up the spell to bring back their father. and if we would have got in the top half, brothers would have been Pixar. John Krasinski. the two and a Half Men dip on a road trip in order to find the gem that will complete the spell, and their mama chases right after them. one of them is afraid of everything, and the other isn't afraid of anything. I'll see. when I had heard that there was an LGBT character in this Disney movie, they're making like a big deal about it, even bringing back Julia louis-dreyfus. I don't know why it took him so long to invite me. I'm actually kind of offended by that. but anyway. and I was for sure it was going to be these two go on the run, who tranquilizer, working civilian in a Pixar film? but nah, it was just another easily swappable LGBTQ edit. since it's practically a roadtrip movie, it is kind of relying on Pratt and Hollins chemistry, which, you know, they've teamed up before. the gag is blown. so now, since I have brother-to-brother, what's the best thing about your brother? Chris Pratt, he knows, that's that. and I do love Tom Holland, look, I love him, but they have packaged and patented my boy. and it just was really nice to just kind of be me for a little bit. will be, I had an American accent. he does have a great scene when he's conversing with old recordings of his father. and I thought that was sad the first time I saw it. but then I heard the director say that the film is based off his own personal story. and Dan, who wrote and directed the film, when he was pitching it to me originally, I mean, it's a very personal story for him. it's loosely based on something in his own life with him and his brother, they lost their dad at a young age and found these tapes, audio recordings of his dad's voice. so he'd never heard his dad's voice. chris is still funny. before he blew up, I did find him, like, extremely annoying, because they always had him as that side character who would never shut up. but it's nice to see him still disrupting the Parks and Rec Department, Harley. they're destroying the town's past. that said, I thought his character was too goofy in this like he is that one guy who just never makes it out. this man has parking violations that he thought would magically fly away. all this knowledge that he talks about, yet he had a little girl solved the map. little Kayla already solved the puzzle. this man can read his magic cards, never the room. not you, your ancestors. it's been this man really put all all on the PRNDL, I'm just glad to have him fully be Byrd Pratt. and look, he is still slick in his interviews. what was more emotional for you guys, Iron Man's debt or the ending of this film? well, I haven't seen the film yet. and Avengers, I think a hundred percent. during the request, they obviously come across a lot of Pixar Easter eggs, like the classic a113 classroom. since cocoa, they've been rebranding the Pizza Planet truck depending on the location. so in Mexico they call it Pizza Planet da, but here it's called pizza route, which obviously goes with their setting, and it's perfect to go with the halt signs and the FRA fortresses. John Ratzenberger, who's voiced a character, and pretty much every Pixar film, also voices a construction worker towards the end, you know. and then, of course, triple dents and poultry palace appear again. and another Pixar film, because it's really only a matter of time before they come to Disneyland and Disney World. in terms of animation, I highly recommend this video right here by the Pixar cinematographers who shot onward. it's all about using different camera setups to capture the brothers, because, you know, they're in different states of mind. they even get into putting up street lights to light these cartoons in real time. one of the best moments comes in that leap of faith scene that they talked about in that video. great bit, great character building. you know, it's serious when the beanie comes off. and I should have known better than to think I wasn't gonna get hit in the guy. you know what Dan told me early on, you guys you don't want to do I want to make a movie that's really fun and hilarious and entertaining, and I want to like sucker punch them with emotion at the end that you kind of didn't see coming yet. don't say the ending Pixar moment, it's great. granted, they did have that score so loud it probably voiced ethereal. but when Ian finally realizes that his brother has been the father figure all along, that he's crossed off everything on that list, minuses parking fees, it was fantastic. this is a film about support, and those people that went above and beyond to help you become who you are today. I think everybody knows someone like that. it doesn't mean that it's your father or your mother, or even your brother or sister. like I said, it's so good to hit you with it again 15 minutes later. I never had it, dad, but I always had you. the fact he had never got to say hello, but still gave up his chance for his brother who never got to say goodbye to do so. I also liked how Pixar had his waiting this entire time to see the dad. you know, his entire adventure is just to see the top half of their fathers figure. and then the climax happens, and we're like a kingdom away from it. and I loved it. then we get it with that ending. again, overall, I was quick to judge Pixar's new venture. but it is an interesting world that they've created. they say they have plans to, you know, surprise, franchise it, but actually, do think the comic and the games that they have in mind will be entertaining. since they don't have the same creative team as for the movie, it's got the magic we're looking for. I'm not saying it's top half Pixar, you know, they got it right. but it is a cute reminder to embrace the people around you who, no matter what, are always there to make sure you keep moving ahead. thank you guys checking out this video. curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. it is over on Disney plus. so if you haven't seen it, give it a watch. if you have that, and I do like the idea that they had going on here. I think that the main Pixar story with the kids fantastic. but I really did like the shift that they had of making technology almost like a form of magic. what if you could bring that person back? what if? what would I do with another day? what would we do with another day with someone we lost? I know a lot of people may not agree with me, but I still think the directors previous monsters University, which I think people ate too much. it's not perfect either, but I do think it's a little bit better than onward. but I'm also curious to hear your thoughts and interpretations all the other Easter eggs that may have been in there. there was a lawsuit also. I feel like I need to mention it's still like in the works, but it has to do with the van, which is like all huge part of the movie. so I'll leave this little link right there in case you guys want to hear more about it. but I'm curious to know your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and Tom Holland will play an awkward teenager again. 