it appears that netflix has anticipated our unlikely craving for all things zombie related, because the streaming platform has a long list of movies and shows catering to fans of just that sub-genre, from chilling horror titles like bird box and black summer to more comedic options like zombieland and ash vs evil dead. netflix has a movie or show about zombies that fans of every type can enjoy. our eyes, like zombies mallons are drooling in anticipation. so we won't hold up the barricade any longer. here are the top movies and shows about zombies on netflix. walking dead, the walking dead is the godfather of all zombie apocalyptic television shows, and despite being over 10 years old, it just keeps getting better and better. a hit series from amc centers on a group of humans surviving in a zombie apocalyptic wasteland in search of a secure home. but as a world overrun by the living dead takes a toll on the few people that remain, their interpersonal problems prove to be even greater threats to their continuing survival than the corpses hunting them outside. over 11 years, we have witnessed insane plot twists, gruesome story arcs and bloody zombie fight after bloody zombie fight, but somehow the walking dead always leaves us salivating for more. zombieland if you're looking for a top-notch zombie flick that won't keep you up at night with horrifying images and jump scares, zombieland is the movie for you. starring jesse eisenberg, emma stone, woody harrelson and abigail wrestling, this comedy film follows a ragtag group of zombie apocalypse survivors who form an unlikely alliance as they make their way across the country to los angeles, hopefully avoiding getting eaten by zombies along the way. the humor is infectious, the cast chemistry is undeniable, and even features a cameo appearance by none other than bill murray. so even if you do not love the gore and terror that usually accompanies a zombie film, you will absolutely enjoy zombieland if you don't, i'll have to get tallahassee woody harrelson to use me a zombie bait while he tracks down the ever elusive hostess, twinkie, a zombie. who would have thought that being a zombie would be helpful in solving crimes? in the cw series izombie, we learned just how useful eating brains can be to the whole operation. based on the comic book series of the same name. i zombie is about a med student turned zombie named live more, who must eat the brains of dead patients in order to maintain her humanity. as a result, she temporarily inherits the memories and personality traits of the person's brains she's eaten, which in turn helps her solve crime with the seattle police force. but as the seasons continue on, the crime solving piece of the series becomes only one half of the real story. we encourage you to check this brain eating show out as soon as you can cook up a mean blt. b stands for brains. santa clarita diet, drew barrymore stars in santa clarita diet, the netflix original horror comedy that puts a real spin on the california fad diet mentality. fairmore plays sheila hammond, at average suburban wife who owns a real estate agency with her husband joel. in santa clarita in california. but the couple's run-of-the-mill, boring lives take a dramatic turn when sheila suddenly transforms into a zombie and starts craving human flesh. joel volunteers to help her satisfy her inhuman desires, sending them on a wild journey and bringing them closer as a couple. sadly, this tasty series was cancelled after season three. but still, santa clarita diet remains to be one of the top zombie series you can watch on the platform. army of the dead. writer and director zack snyder's latest film is army of the dead, and it just came out on netflix. this zombie filled netflix original film centers on a group of mercenaries who, following a zombie apocalypse, take the biggest gamble las vegas has ever seen and try to pull off a major heist in the center of the quarantine zone of the city. starring dave badista, tignotero, ella pernell and moore, army of the dead is set to be not only one of the top movies on netflix, but also one of the top zombie movies. cargo one of the scariest horror movies you can stream on netflix is cargo, the australian post-apocalyptic horror film with a zombie s storyline, set in a world overrun by a deadly virus that turns people into rabid killers within 48 hours of getting the infection. martin freeman stars as andy, a man desperately trying to protect his wife, infant daughter and self from infection. while simon landers stars as thumy, an aboriginal girl desperate to save her infected father. this is not your normal zombie apocalypse survival story, but like every other film in this genre, the need to preserve your vital humanity in dark times is at cargo's core. ash versus evil dead. ash vs evil dead is the hilarious spin-off series from ivan and sam raimi's evil dead film franchise that gained a cult following in the 1980s. it has been 30 years since chains handed ash williams save the world. but when the evil dead is once again unleash and threatens mankind, ash reluctantly steps up to assume his former position as hero of the world. starring bruce campbell is ash and introducing ray santiago and dana de lorenzo as his new trusty sidekicks. ash vs evil dead is a comedy horror series that likens back to the original masterpieces in its pure dark humor fashion. sweet home, based on the comic of the same main by kim karmi and wang young-chan. sweet home is a post-apocalyptic series that follows a troubled team and his fellow apartment residents must come together to fight the death and destruction that flesh-eating zombies have introduced to the world outside the apartment complex. will they survive? will these strangers become one? despite the tired premise, we assure you that sweet home brings originality and freshness to its story that makes it a must-watch series in the genre. black summer, if you like black mirror, you are going to love its zombie apocalyptic cousin black summer. this netflix original sci-fi anthology series explores what the world would look like post zombie apocalypse, but in an unprecedented in-depth way. with episodes ranging from 20 minutes to almost an hour, each installment of the series focuses on a very specific challenge the apocalypse could pose through storylines that expand on factors like language barriers or rocky alliances in a way that has never been done in any zombie movie or show before, taking something seemingly innocuous and picking it apart. used to be just black mirrors game, but black summer is here to play now. thanks for watching. hope you enjoyed the video. make sure to comment below, and don't forget to smash the like button. also, if you like this video and want to see more, make sure you subscribe to the channel. you know you want to see you soon. 