[Music], welcome to the breakdown. will we break down all the messed up [ __ ] today I'm revisiting my fifth disturbing breakdown I uploaded called the bunny game, which broke my disturbing cherry personally, it's probably the reason why I don't really feel affected by anything regarding films like the ones I've covered. well, either that or cutting moments. but the bunny game details of prostitutes, kidnapping and eventual psychological and physical torture by some random truck driver. but anyway, if you wanna see what happens, including all the mesophyll parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. the money game starts out with gritty ambience before showing us some torture that an unnamed woman is going through. it's sort of jump scared me when I first viewed the movie. immediately after, we can ascertain just how unsimilar did the performances were on set, because she's actually sucking ding-a-ling on screen. it also seems she's a prostitute of sorts, but one with plenty drug addiction issues. really, she's already a victim. not only is she a slave to her own addictions. and the harsh career selling your body. but she's already dealing with plenty weirdos. that's what happened when you're in these shrieks more than sesame. anyway, this is the type of music playing in the background doing her little intro montage, just so you get an idea to tone in the movie at this point. [Music]. when the music exits, more evil like ambience comes in, preceding her dealing with other weirdos, but this one be sir would have built and makes her take it rough. I'm sure the snore DC's was done before the sex. but like I said, she is a victim right in the beginning, and it's only gonna get worse for homegirl. also, she's nameless. according to some plot outline, her name is Sylvia gray, but we would just use the name mentioned in the credits and call her bunny. the other man cared though. the story is called halt. so just calling these characters names like that makes the story more generalized. I think even if they ignored the kidnapping torture part, the film may very well still be disturbing. more random scenes come right after, showing her doing her job and living off the corners outside of that one blank room she has sex in. you could probably make a prequel just as disturbing based on this girl's backstory, but it's not really about her specifically. next, another weirdo takes advantage of her being drugged out. once she wakes up, she finds perhaps her drugs or other important things missing. she got no choice but to make some more money and gets back on the streets of downtown LA. and finds her a place to potty. while standing about, a truck driver scarce to miss out of her, he calls her over to his truck. oh, he is called Paul, by the way. they snort cocaine together, and after he indulges and her fingers, telling that she is nervous all the time by how clammy ur hands are and also her bed nails, she's like, do you want a [ __ ] for $30? but he's like, I gotta get to know you first. things get hectic. after that, he grabs her and eventually suffocates her until she passes out. the monster in disguise now has a new toy to play with, driving her up tours north of LA. after lots and lots of mouths later, he gets out, biding time before starting his extreme masochistic torture. we see as a camera set up, which is the usual we'll take for him. he requires himself fondling her body, ripping her clothes off, stuff like that. he's definitely off his knocker, though. video footage of him doing the same thing to two or three different women play, I think this last day right here is bunny waking up to him fondling her, because right after she is screaming her lungs out. when I first saw this movie, I remember the screaming unsettled me, cuz I how Roy was. but the actress is not too unfamiliar with screaming like that. she even performed song screaming like this. her screaming eventually calms down into crying, and she's just wastefully inevitable. but while she's waiting, she's probably viewing videos of him torturing the minds of his previous victims. he also shaves the heads of his victims, something his Kira victim will experience right now. he tapes it to a makeshift seat in gasser, cutting her hair off. right after, a scary screen of this sicko shows a mix, but like always, it's just a precursor showing the sickest game hog and bunny will play, I guess. hours later, she is dragged along the neck throughout the abandoned area. hectic music plays before suddenly stopping to show basically what this is. after he brings her back to the truck to force her to swallow stuff. nightmare for me, cuz I got a phobia of choking on stuff. so yeah, bunny is going through it. and according to Hogg, nobody's gonna hear you. we've been out here for almost a week. he says, time is nobody's friend doing all of this. and scenes happened so quick after each other, but he eventually tells her, we're gonna play the bunny game. he's wearing his hog mess and she is a bunny. and he basically chases her around that area again. and after all that, he just tossed her with a knife. things are started to come to a close, though, and we can tell that because hog starts to radio for someone named Jonas, telling him to meet at a specific, yep, familiar place. right before everything ends, he brands bunny that night. and that's real branding. right there that the actress remembers. just finally, some time later, it appears she's able to escape. and she runs out nude and laughing. this situation shows her escaping, or something like that. the other situation is her in the Crucified position, seemingly ready to accept death. apparently, these random screens show that Hogg played another game with her. they will draw straws, and whoever gets the longest sraw wins. we see bunny winning by getting a long straw. but what exactly is winning in that situation? well, we see your necks getting carried away, laughing manically. then the front of the truck is shown as a white van comes up. it's possibly that guy, Jonas that hog was radioing for in my original video. I was confused what was going on here, but someone gave me a despair field idea. apparently, it seems hog is delivering her to a human trafficker that will make her a true sex slave. it's a hopeless thought, but I feel it could be a sufficient explanation. and so the movie is he drives away. I think a lot of us should understand that everybody looks at disturbing films differently. sometimes people think a film is extreme because it's gory or because it's got very taboo scenes. we should all agree that things review differently. and it's stuff like this that gave me a headache more than something like Solow or a Serbian film. it's because of the sounds and the editing and stuff like that. but you know, since this is my new video, I figure that I should show you what my old video was, just to show you how much I've improved. so look here. welcome to the breakdown. we break down to mostess third movies together. then we cut to the main character giving head to an unknown man. I'm just gonna show a picture because this scene really looked like straight-up porn. we see that she's a victim, even in the beginning, always being treated like trash. next we cut to the girl, who we will call bunny. and she gets called over by some bearded, white shrugged Robert. bunny wakes back up, and it cuts through her screaming, very disturbingly. she wins, and we sue the joy on her face, except next that's the last time we see her face. and the girl, I actually, possibly died. this was pretty freaking too curbing. hope you guys aren't as broken as I was. anyway, let's get to that spooky stuff. okay, let's get right into it. my original most disturbing moment was the screaming when buddy awoke, but I can get past that now. my new most disturbing moment is probably the ending. it just sums up the whole movie. bunny was a victim of all types of things even before she got kidnapped, and there's no telling what she could be going through. now, my original most enjoyment was seeing bunny run away after seemingly being left free. I said it was because it felt good to see her smile from once in that whole movie. you know what? I think I might keep that. so that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this simple, reamain recap of the bunny game. when I say enjoyed, I don't mean what happened in the movie. I just mean the hard work that went into making this video. you're on the left is, I Spit on Your Grave playlists. just something a lot less hopeless. and plus, what's more badass than saying a woman killed some scum? here on the right is an inspired story about Sylvia lichens, showing just how evil our guardians can be. thanks for watching. spooky out 