welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we'll be looking at the 1998 film the faculty. let's get to it. we open up some classic sporting scenes, meatheads, pressure, yelling and aggression. after practice, the coach is busy showing the sprinkler system who's boss. what he has mysterious confrontation with unknown character. we then transitioned to the teachers lounge, where everyone has a pleasure of learning by how much their favorite programs will be cut for the benefit of the football team. this is, after all, a football town. the group begins the depressing walk to the parking lot, but Miss Drake forgot her keys. she's confronted in her office by the coach who offers to show her a magic trick. concerned about what this wizard may do next, she runs off, but finds the door is secured with long chains. so she doubles back for her keys and heads to the front door, where she makes it out just in time to be betrayed by mrs. Olsen. the next morning starts off normal enough, with reckless driving, drugs, sexy dudes, basically everything teens like. we then meet our cast of misfits, comprised of dweebs, losers, jocks, preps and newbies. the entire high school spectrum different now, but I feel they may soon find their variable social statuses leveling off under the threat of a common enemy. once the kids get their violence out of their systems, the day gets underway, we find KC spending his lunch in the bleachers, trying to keep a low profile in order to survive. on his way back, he finds an oddity on the football field, but has quickly run off by the coach. he brings his little treasure to science class for mr. furlong, puts it under the scope and suggests it may be a new species. when it gets doused with water, it revives itself, and they all bask in its majesty as it prances about the fish tank peacock. and like a boss at swim class, star quarterback Stan tells the coach and he's quitting the team to focus on his academics. and the coach is uncharacteristically supportive, confused but relieved, he hits the showers, flexing them, delts and has a disturbing interaction with mrs. Brummel, who's desperate for a hug this is passed off as an unfortunate side effect of her cancer medication. as school apps out, Delilah is fishing for a big story for the front page of the school paper. so she in case he begins snooping around the teachers lounge. their investigation is interrupted by visitors. they witness an odd interaction that culminates in what appears to be an assault on nurse Harper. in their panic, they also stumble upon mrs. Brummel's corpse, which alerts the others their presence. however, they're able to push past and escape. Casey returns with the police, but the scenes been cleaned and the plausible explanations provided. nurse Harper is epileptic. she's prone to groundballs. she had an attack. and when Miss Drake converts one of the officers in her office, Casey realizes he's basically on his own at home. he is punished severely, losing all his privileges, including his porno hammam. he a boy's got a squirt. this lockdown also ensures his return to school the next day. when he gets there, he meets up with Delilah. they noticed people acting strange at school and don't know who to trust. her intent is to start by enlisting to help her boyfriend, Stan, who, along with classmate Stokely, also noticed some odd happenings at the school, like mandated ear exams for students and faculty with police presence. Delilah and Casey find them and take them on his confidence. outside, Zeke and Marybeth are getting to know each other when Zeke, a student of human nature, also begins to notice unusual behavior all around. this is punctuated by a confrontation with miss Burke, appearing decidedly less bookish than normal and acting unnaturally aggressive, I'll be sucking my toast on graduation, miss Burke. Casey and Stokely lead the group to mr. furlongs classroom to revisit the specimen, but it's gone. they reveal their working theory that Body Snatcher style aliens are taking over their town, just in time to get goofed on by Zeke, who is restocking his drug lab paraphernalia in the adjacent room. when mr. furlong arrives, Zeke jokes around with him about their silly conspiracy theory, but mr. Furlan gets serious. this prompts neke to create a makeshift machete and remove a few digits, before I go Jing him with some pixie dust. they find the powder creased an extreme negative reaction inside our moisture-rich alien friends. they then calmly navigate the halls, beelining for the parking lot and arriving at Zeke's house, where we learn on bose got a variety of hobbies and interests. here they confirm the parasite host relationship between the alien slugs in the town's folk, and that the diuretic properties of his caffeine based nose candy are intolerable to them. with nothing more to go on, becoming knowledge, they assume finding and killing the Queen will return everyone to normal. but first, a training day scenario, as they all have to get Krunk to prove their untainted. this reduces their group by one as Delilah reveals herself to have worms. before trashing the lab and cutting out, they take the remaining supply and head to the homecoming game, where the whole town is congregating to watch their local boys dominate and convert the opposition. this is also the part of movie where earth sure gets to play his dream role playing at being a hard-ass. they head to the gym where they're immediately confronted by mystery, who they had assumed to be the Queen. Zeke is confident enough to aerate her forehead and hen Marybeth gets a little overzealous, using most of the stash to kill her. when Stan goes to check on the others, there are strong indicators that their plan was unsuccessful. this is confirmed for the rest when they're smart enough not to let stand in until he takes the test. unfortunately, he uses up the last of the scat they had on hand, hoping to find a few errant doses still in his cars he can Casey go out to acquire it. Casey provides a distraction, narrowly keeping ahead of the mob, while Zeke gets to his car and finds a few hits on the floorboard. but before he can get back, he has to deal with this berth and ops for the now-standard move of intentionally wrecking his car. back at the gym, during casual conversation, Marybeth takes an oddly Pro pod people Stan's outing herself as the Queen. she chases them to the locker room. and Zeke arrives in the midst of a confusing situation in which the girls are fingering each other with no obvious way to determine who is the alien, why are you naked? we see that Marybeth cheated the test, making us all look like fools in the process, and that she got to Stokely in the locker room. Stokely is quickly caged in. our queen makes quick work of Zeke Casey. that lures her out with his sweet, soft, water-filled body, so welcoming and cozy, it leads this big [ __ ] through the retracting bleachers. he makes it out just in time to pin her, providing an easy target for some scat. and this time, confirmation comes instantly, as these slugs she sneezed into his face with her. one month later, we find investigations ongoing in a world gone mad with jock stating losers and dweebs kickin it with fat hotties. and that was the faculty, a film so rich in plot it was hard to fit most of it in here. if you haven't seen it, it's very much worth watching. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 