welcome to the man of recaps. Game of Thrones, season 6 starts with Jon Snow dead after he was julius caesar by the night's watch last season. Alistair thorn holds the meeting. he's like, yeah, I did it. I kill John. and everyone seems generally ok with that. yeah. none sansai trudging through the snow after that daring escape from Winterfell last season. of course, they're caught immediately. luckily, Brienne comes in to save the day. Podrick helps to Jamie comes back from Dorne with the dead body of his niece, daughter, mysel I remember. she was poisoned by the sand snakes because they want war to avenge Oberyn, uh? so they decide to stage a coup in Dorne by killing oberyn's brother and his nephew. and they're like, yeah, women rule in Dorne now. and everyone seems generally okay with that. now, down in King's Landing, Cersei has got this awesome new bodyguard. it's a reanimated Mountain corpse. what hybrid did some freaky Frankenstein stuff to him. Chi birds building a spy network of little kids give him candy. so that works. and then Tommen marches down to see the high Sparrow. he's like, I demand you release Margaery but the high Sparrow is like, hey, why don't you sit with me on the bench of manipulation instead? I'll tell you about how great the gods are? Daenerys is captured by the Dothraki. they bring her to see this Khal Drogo cosplayer who's like, hey, you're my slave now and she's like, I'm no one slave. I'm a Khaleesi and it's like, oh, if you're the widow of a call you have to go to this boring Shack with the other widows and live there for the rest of your life. Arya is a blind beggar on the streets of Braavos. the faceless men blinded her because she killed the wrong person last season. so her assassin friend comes and starts beating her with sticks. eventually she finds her friend, jack and a guard, who's like, you ready to join the guild to real she's like, are you gonna stop beating me with sticks? he's like, actually, there's gonna be more than she's like, fine. let's just get this over with. in the scary, dark cave north of the wall bran stark is tripping out on tree roots with this old dude that the rehydrating. they're going on sphere of vision quests. he sees his father, young Ned Stark, and his young uncle Benjen, and his young aunt Lyanna Stark, and also young Hodor, who was quite an elkwood chap in his youth. back to Jon Snow, his loyal friends are holed up in this room. so Aleister Thorin comes like, open the door so he can kill you. they prepare for a fight, but then a giant comes in. yes, with all of John's wildling friends, they take the castle without a fight, except for this one dude who decides to attack the Giant by himself. always a bad idea. anyway, Jon's dead. so Davos Seaworth goes to see Melisandre, the red priestess, who she showed us her boobs earlier. always nice. but when she takes off her magic necklace, oh, she's a million years old. what? anyway, Dallas is like, hey, you're a priest. can't you cast revive on Jon Snow, she's like, now I suspect into shadow. I never really learned that spell. but she decides to give it a go. anyway, she says the magic words, yo, come on back now. boo. and it works. Jon Snow's alive, right? he's in this I was this happening. theaters is famous for his words, why am i naked? anyway, Theon says goodbye to Sansa. he's going back home. the Islands, a dreary, rainy place with rickety old bridges where you're liable to meet cloaked strangers in the night. Leon's dad, King Balin, is like, oh, it's my long-lost brother. you're on Greyjoy. what are you doing here? I'm here to throw you off this bridge. what? Oh, murdered. Yara's like, I guess that makes me queen of the Iron Islands. they're like, no, actually, we have a progressive democratic system. she's like, oh, well, I'll run. no, no chicks allowed. now, bran starts on another Vision Quest. he sees a slightly older Ned Stark during Robert's rebellion era. they're facing off against some Kings guard of old Aerys Targaryen. he's like, hey, you guys missed the entire war. what are you doing here? they're like, we're on the secret mission to guard this tower, but we can't tell you what's in it. it's like, is it my kidnapped sister? Lyanna Stark, they're like, a Nokia, tell you time to fight. so it's our third aim sword the morning. dual wielding. he's a boss. and it finally comes down to a 1v1 with Ned, but then he stabbed in the back by Ned's friend Hal and read some it's like, all right, what's in the tower? bran Stark wants to go find out too, the three-eyed Raven stops him. it's like, no, it's too early in the season for this. now, Jon executes all the people that stabbed him, including ollie. that's what you get, Olly. and he's like, you know what? forget the Nights Watch. I'm going down to Dorne to the beach now. it's just then Sansa shows up, and they have a stark reunion, though. and tormund has a huge crush on bran, so watch out for that Littlefinger. makes it back to the Vale away. this little brat Lords in charge. he gets him a bird, and he's like, hey, you want to trade this bird for maybe your whole army? and the kids like, yeah, that seems like a fair trade. and this Lord is like, hey, you can't just do that. the little fingers like, yes, I can. and yeah, Littlefinger can. he owns the Vale now. so it goes to see Sansa. he's like, so sorry, I just gave you two Ramsay Bolton to be raped and tortured, but I brought you an army. she's like, forget it. I don't want your army. haha. sad Littlefinger. now it's the dream team in marine with Daenerys. gan tyrion and varys are in charge. they're having some graffiti problems, though, with the sons of the harpy, so Tyrion formulates a plan. step one is released the dragon's eye. he unchanged them, but they stay there for now. step two, he meets with local religious leaders to get some support. I find this Rides priestess who's a total babe. and he's like, hey, do you want to help Daenerys? and she's like, yeah. Daenerys has dragons and fire. our gun loves fire. it's a no-brainer. step3, he meets with the slavers of the other cities. he's like, hey, can you guys stop, like, messing with our city? and we'll let you slave for a little while, longer, it'll be cool. a nice little peace. and gray worms like, hey, you can't make peace with the slavers. you can't trust the materials. like, nah, I got this. Jorah and Daario are hot on Danny's trail, out to rescue her. they pose as wine merchants for about five seconds before resorting to violence. they find an heiress, but then she's like, wait, hold on. I have a plan. she meets with the calls, and she's like, hey, remember how I'm immune to fire? oh, push the Brasi, burn, the flames burn. and hitting all the calls out of it. and she steps out of the burning building completely naked, looking hot. and all these Dothraki are like, we gotta bow to her now. Roose Bolton meets with his son. Ramsay tells him about how disappointed he is. luckily, he gets the news right now. he's got a new son. Gramps is like, Oh, Congrats, dad. shaped Oh. who says like, all I probably should have seen this coming. Ramsay's like, hey, little brother. sorry. I'm gonna feed you the dogs. no offense. Ramsay's trying to make some new friends with other northern Lawrence. he finds this Lord umber who's like, I like the cut of your jib. look what I found. it's recon stark. what? we haven't seen him in like, season three. how do I know this is Rickon stark? oh, it's a wolf head. yeah, that'll do. and so Hache is there to remember her. she does the whole like, I'm and pretend to have sex with you so I can kill you thing. and rams is like, honey, that's my game - I'll stab Asha. sucks free. whoo. so Ramsay sends a letter to John Snow. he's like, give me Sansa back, or I'm gonna come and kill you. plus, I have your brother Rickon and Johnson was like, man, I'm not going to get a beach vacation to season, am I? so Ari has plowed through her blind stick fighting training montage. pretty soon she's a master. and Jachin gives her eyes back in his like, look, you've got a new assassination mission. don't screw this one up. this one's an actress in this play that's a reenactment of season 1, which, of course, brings back some pretty bad memories for Arya. anyway, the actress likes rum. so Arya poisons the rum, but then she sort of befriends the actor, so when she goes to drink the rum, Arya knocks it out of her hand, and she's like, man, I'm the worst assassin ever. now it's Kingsmoot time in the Iron Islands. yar is like, vote for me. I'm gonna build a bunch of ships. and beyonds like, yeah, I'm with her, but then you're on Greyjoy. Trump comes in and he's like, yo, I'm gonna build even more ships, plus, we'll make the Lannisters pay for him. plus, I got a big old dick what everyone's like, yeah, you're on, King. they vote for him. he also admits, by the way, to killing his brother, the last king. and everyone seems generally okay with this. so his real plan is to go find Daenerys and Ally with her to go conquer all of Westeros. now, Yan thinks it's a pretty good idea, so they steal some ships to go do it. first, brands on another Vision Quest way in the past, where the children of the forest are doing some sketchy ritual on this guy. they stab him in the heart with obsidian and turn him into the first white Walker. what? bran wakes up. he's like, why'd you create the White Walkers? they're like, because we were being all genocided by humans. we had to do something. so one day bran is like, hey, old guy. you awake? so he goes on a Vision Quest by himself to the same tree in the present day, where there's the army of zombies and also the night's king. and he could see him, he grabs him and leaves his mark in the guys like, oh, man. now get through the door. so sure enough, the White Walkers show up. and the children the forest, I throw in their fireballs, and they're trying to wake brand but he stuck last minute downloading. so they're running out of there, and other White Walkers come in. they kill the three-eyed Raven. and then summer, the wolf comes to sacrifices himself to buy time, and the elf chick sacrifices herself to buy time, but it's not enough. and so they're like, who do you got to hold the door? and then, because in the past, he somehow wore toto in the past and give him this seizure, he started Yellin, hold the door, hold the door. and that forest of balls into just Hodor and brains like, oh, I made Hodor [ __ ] as part of a time travel paradox. I feel so bad. but anyway, Holder does hold the door like a champion. of course, they don't make it very far, and the zombies catch up with him. but then this guy comes with a flaming macing what hits his uncle, Benjen. he's like, yeah, the White Walkers killed me back in season 1, but the children family first may be a good zombie instead of advanced. ah, me. I'm just wandering the forest this whole time, not doing much. brands like, a cool story, bro. now, Marjorie is still a prisoner of the faith in King's Landing the high Sparrow tells his backstory of how he lost his shoes at an orgy once, and that's why he's so religious. now, anyway, she gets this, your brother, Loras Tyrell. and he's like, look, can we just confess and get out of here? I'm like, I hate it. and so she's like, ok, fine. a plan. she gets to see Tom and she's like, hey, honey, we're gonna be super religious now. why don't you sit with me on the bench and manipulation. I'll tell you all about it. so Marjorie's gonna do her naked walk of shame through the streets, yes, please. but her dad comes in, mace Tyrell, look and fly with his feather, and he's all like, Nath none of this naked walk of shame for you guys. we're here to rescue she's like, I wish you coordinated plans, because now they've got the King Tom and then they announced the merger of church and state, which all the peasants love because they don't know any better. and this room's their whole plan to save her. and Tommen's like, look, I have no idea what's going on. I'm just trying to get laid. now, they released Jamie from the Kingsguard, which makes him mad and make Cersei horny. yes, twincest is still going on. now, remember Walder Frey? he's the old pervy guy who did the red wedding, and Edmure Tully, the guy who got married at the red wedding? well, they were granted the castle of Riverrun, but then the blackfish Tully took it back with the force. and so the phrase like, hey, will kill anywhere if you don't surrender the castle. and he's like, see if I care. the phrase are like, oh man. oh. we didn't really plan for that. so they send Jaime in to go save the day, and he brings Bronn, who's up in top comedic form. Jamie lays the smackdown, and he meets with the blackfish to get him to surrender. but it's like, you're a punk little [ __ ]. I'm never surrending. so Bragan happens to be there too, because since I heard about the blackfish from Littlefinger, sent her down. and she's like, hey, I'm here to treat the black witch, to fight for Sansa Stark in the north. James like, this is awkward, because I'm seeing the blackfish and sense is wandering for the murder of Joffrey. but he lets her see him anyway. the blackfish is like, sorry. like, I've got my own problems to deal with. so Jamie talks to ed near, telling it's like, you've got two choices. you can live comfortably under house arrest with your hot wife and your newborn son. and Mears like, what's due? my other choice? it's like, I'm gonna launch your son out of a catapult. so I'm ears like, okay, guys, we're going to surrender the castle. and the blackfish is like, to forget that. I'm going down fighting. and Brienne rose away on a rowboat back in King's Landing. cousin, Lancel Lannister comes with the sparrows. he's like, Cersei, you gotta come with us, right? she's like, hat over the mountains, dead body. so this guy decides to attack a giant by himself, which, as we already discussed, is ill-advised, and lends --lens like, I guess we'll come back later. but Tommen announces that there's gonna be no more trials by combat, which, of course, was Circe's whole plan for her trial. so Chiron is like, hey, it's time to go to plan B now. hey, it's Samwell Tarly, what's he doing? he's going off to college to be the new maester for the Nights Watch. he's got his girlfriend, Gillian, her baby. he's going stopping by his old house though, to drop her off, because there's no chicks allowed at college. now, his mom and sister are super nice, but his dad is a huge dick. remember, he'd force Sam to takes the night's watch oath, or else he would murder him. and so when he starts ripping into Sam for being fat, Jilly steps up to defend her man, but she lets it slip that she's a wildling. and he's like, hey, you see that sword? that's the sword I kill wildlings with. so Sam's like, I'm sorry, Jill. you guys stay here working the kitchens. but then he's like, you know what, forget it. you're coming with me. plus, I'm taking this sword. and so they make it down to the University of Old Town, touch the admissions office, allowed to use the library, which is awesome, because Sam loves books. now elsewhere, these happy peasants are building a church. who's this big guy? it's Sandor Clegane the hound. he survived. even the last time we saw him he was grievously injured. he's befriended this like Septon, who's this hippie commune leader type. and he's got this message like, yell, it's never too late to redeem yourself and be a good guy, which resonates with him. but then these bandits come in, they kill everyone, including his new friend. the Hound is like, okay, time for a revenge murder rampage. but when he finds the Bandit leaders, they're already being hung by the Brotherhood without banners, remember them? the Robin Hood types, led by beric Dondarrion, who's like, Johan, you should join us, cause it's never too late to redeem yourself and stuff. and he's like, fine. as long as there's chicken, I'm in. so Arya retrieves her sword needle from that's conveniently sword shaped pole, and she decides to book passage back to Westeros, where she stops by to admire the scenery Braavos one last time. oh, I'm shanked. what it's like. yes, you've got an assassin guild after you. what do you expect? so she manages to escape for now. she goes to the house of the actress chick, who is luckily a very good surgeon. but she's dead too. and it's like, where a Master Assassin skilled? what do you expect? so they go on this chase to the streets, and Arya leaps off. the thing in ruins is perfectly good farmer's market, and it ends, but she's cornered in dark. but then she's like, wait let me channel my blind fighting energy. lights out. oh, I won. yes, I beat it. and she's like, Jack and yo, we good and he's like, yeah, I guess that was a test and you passed, maybe and she's like, nah, forget you guys. you're crazy. I'm going home. Daenerys is talking to her boyfriends. she's like, hey Jorah, I've been issue so many times, but you keep going back. I guess you're unmanaged he's like, oh, that's great, but actually, I'm dying of greyscale. she's like, I command you to find a cure, walk the earth on foot as long as it takes. and he's like, okay. and that's the last we see of him this season. so Daenerys is Khaleesi all the Dothraki now, and she's looking all sexy up on her horse. but she's like, wait a minute. this is all wrong. yes, I should be riding a dragon. this is much better back in Marine Tyrians plans working. everything's pretty cool now. so beerus is like, hey, i'm going on a secret mission. i'll see you later. tyrion celebrating with his friends when a slaver armada shows up and lay siege to the city and just then Daenerys comes back. so they meet with the slavers, and Danny's like, surrender, be destroyed. and she's got a dragon to back it up. so she jumps on its back, goes flying around the other to bust out all three dragons flying. they want to keep the ship, so they single out this one in particular and make an example out of it. Tyrion is like, hey slavers, we had to deal and you broke it. one of us to die. great worms like, actually two of you have to die. and Tyrians like, look, could be good from now on. Jon Snow is putting together an army to take back Winterfell. the wildlings are gonna fight for him, because Norman's got a huge man crush on him. but he meets with other northern Lords. he finds Lyanna Mormont, who's like eleven years old, and she don't take no [ __ ] from Noah. and she's awesome. but then she's like, yeah, Jon, so I'm gonna fight for you. of course, the other northern Lords are like, you sort of seemed like the losing side. no offense. we're not getting involved. and since is like, hot, we need more men. she writes to Littlefinger, and she's like, hey, actually, I really could use that army. thanks. but their plan is to stay back and Ramsay charge at them so they can't get flanked, which is a pretty good plan. but on the day of, Ramsay's like, hey, Rickon, stark, see how far you can run before I can hit you with an arrow. and Jon Snow rushes up there. he's all, I go, man, I'm gonna save you and but of course, he's too late. Rickon gets hit. r.i.p Rickon, you were the most useless Stark. and John realizes now he's in the middle of the battlefield by himself. he's a car made a huge mistake. I guess. nothing left to do. but you're wrong. I saw it and died like a badass. yes. but just then his army makes it in, and they crash. and it's craziness in the melee. oh, it's wildness. and they end up though the Bolton's a shield wall surrounding them, and chalk being trampled under all the dead and dying bodies. but he makes it up any gas for there. and just when all hope is lost, cincin Littlefinger show up with the Knights of the Vale. they use cavalry charge on the infantry. it's super effective. and then Ramsay retreats back to Winterfell, but a giant busting. this time. a lot of people shoot him, so he does die. but they take the castle. and Ramsay's like, Oh, one-on-one with Jon Snow. but he blocks it, and he's like, I'm gonna punch you in the face repeatedly. and they put off him the kennels with his own dog. so they feed him to his dogs. it says, he's like, guess revenge feels good. and the stark dire wolf flies over Winterfell once again. down in King's Landing is the day of Circe's trial. Loras Tyrell has to go first. he's like, yes, I plead guilty to everything. I'm super gay. just let me go home. so then it's Circe's turn, but she's not here. she's still home drinking wine. Tommen's not here Ivan the mountain stop them from leaving. so cousin Lancel goes to see what's up. but he finds this sketchy kid. falls under the catacombs only shanked. and Grandma stuff ourselves led to KY burns. oh, and there's more orphan kids with knives. what all? stabby, stab they kill him too. and Lance was like, wait a second. is this a buttload of wildfire? oh, man, blow. lands will blow. but he's too late. exploded. boom. blam, boom. what? high sparrows? like, explode the whole set. that's Margaery and all the Tyrells, uncle Kevan Lannister, all those random Cersei just killed a ball and she's like, yeah, seriously. you a bad girl. back in the north, Davos, Seaworth is pissed at Melisandre for burning Shireen lassi. and he found a little toy he gave her, so he's like, oh, why'd you burn her? she was a girl. and Johnson is like, I guess you're banished. so Melisandre is banished. Littlefinger talks to Sansa. he's like, Sansa, my one true vision used to be King on the Iron Throne with you by my side as my queen. and she's like, ah, sorry, bro, I don't feel that way about you. poor Littlefinger. now, Walder Frey's celebrating having River and back by eating some pie. but what's this? all his sons were baked in the pie. why are you yeah, she stole a face on the way out, and she slits his throat. get some revenge, cross that. now, the name off her list. Uncle Benjen drops bran off at this tree. he's like, I got important zombie stuff to do. so brands like, okay, time to find out what's in the tower. Ned busts in there. it's his sister, Lyanna stark with a baby. yes. she's like, promise me, Ned, I've read guards to father, but don't tell Robert Baratheon, cuz they'll kill the Targaryen. it's like, wait a second. does this mean the baby is Jon Snow, yes, it's not Ned Stark's son at all. it's his nephew that was protected. and this means Rhaegar Targaryen is his father. there's still so much we don't know, like what they're married, or is he still a bastard? but in any case, he's half Targaryen, half Stark. that's pretty badass. so they hold a council of northern Lords, and land is like, Jon Snow king of the north. and everyone's like, yeah, Jon Snow, King in the north, king of north. and Jon's like, man, I'm never gonna get this beach vacation. Sansa's cool with this. she likes John and she's Lady of Winterfell. but little fingers looking sketchy over in the corner. who knows what he's gonna do. Jamie gets back to King's Landing. he's like, man, what did I miss when Tom and saw it all go down? he was like, no, Marjorie, I'm coming for you. I hope there's sex in the afterlife. r.i.p Tommen. and without a clear line of succession, Cersei just crowns herself. she's like, yeah, that's right. I'm the sexy queen on the Iron Throne now. badass. Daenerys breaks up with Dario because she wants to be single for her invasion of Westeros. she names Tyrion handed the Queen. and the Greyjoy's siblings get there. she sort of flirts with Yara, who's confirmed in chicks, by the way. in they form an alliance. and then enduring grandma Tyrells meeting with the sand snakes to ally against Cersei and Varys is, they are to recruit them for Daenerys. so Daenerys is sailing for Westeros. she's got ships, an army. she's got allies fit. she's got three big-ass dragons. this has been a long time coming, but it's finally happening. and that tell season six comes to an end. 