stranger things, season three hits Netflix on July 4th, so we've got you covered on catching up and refreshing your memory for everything that's happened so far in the series. in this video, we'll be recapping everything that happened in season 1 in five minutes or less. the story begins in Hawkins, Indiana with the mysterious disappearance of the young boy will. buyers most assume this is a typical missing kid case, but his friends, Mike, Dustin and Lucas, suspect something stranger as afoot. while looking for will, they discover a young girl with a shaved head named 11:11 has escaped from a government facility Hawkins, lab, where experiments conducted on her have given her psychokinetic abilities, which she uses to help her new friends try to find and save will. it turns out, will is trapped in a place known as the upside down, a dark alternate dimension inhabited by monstrous creatures known as dimma Gorgons. along the way, a Lebanon might grow romantic feelings for each other, and 11 learns what it's like to be a kid. will manages to communicate with his mother, Joyce, one of the few adults who actually believed wills disappearances anything but ordinary. the other adults on the case is Police Chief Jim hopper. hopper suspects Hawkins labs experiments have something to do with wills disappearance, and goes rogue to find answers. meanwhile, Mike's older sister Nancy is dating popular bad-boy and hair icon Steve Harrington. I'm stealthy like a ninja, but when her friend barb goes missing, rest in peace, barb. Nancy joins forces with Will's older brother Jonathan to investigate the strange things happening in their small town. as the season progresses, the storylines start to come together. hopper and Joyce go through a portal and Hawkins lab that leads them to the upside down to find and save will. Nancy, Jonathan and Steve try to confront and kill the monster, but it manages to escape injured. Hawkins lab had dr. Martin Brunner and his team track 11 and the other kids to the school, but are attacked by the dimma Gorgon. after the monster finishes off the bill and his Hawkins lab members, it turns its sights on eleven and her friends. eleven sacrifices herself to defeat the Dimmick organ, with both her and the monster disappearing into a mist. as the season ends, hopper leaves Elevens favorite food, Eggo waffles, in the woods, hinting at her survival, but appears to have gotten involved with the shady government suits. and will coughs up a slug-like creature, revealing he hasn't quite escaped all of the horrors of the upside down. let us know your stranger thinks. season 1 thoughts below. what are you most excited for in season 3? and make sure to check out our season to recap while you're at it, like this video. subscribe for more and I'll see you in the next one. 