welcome to the man of recaps. this is better call Saul season 1. remember Saul Goodman, the sleazy lawyer from Breaking Bad? well, at the end of the show when it all went down, he paid someone to change his identity and hide from the cops. he's now managing a Cinnabon. how did he end up in this terrible situation? let's go back before he was Saul Goodman. his real name is Jimmy McGill. he's a small-time lawyer, but he's got that silver tongue and a flair for showmanship. he's doing public defender cases for no money. he's got his tiny office that he also sleeps in in the back of a nail salon, cucumber waters for customers only. but he's after a great case right now, the Cattlemen's he's the city treasurer, and his suspected of embezzling like a couple million dollars. if he gets this case, it would change his life. but the wife decides to think about it for now, and they go with a real law firm, not just any law firm, Hamlin, Hamlin McGill. McGill, that's Jimmy's last name. yeah. it's his brother Chuck's law firm. and his partner, Howard Hamlin, is a Jimmy's rival, kind of a douche. his brother chuck is on an extended sabbatical. he's got all the lights off in his house because he's developed this rare condition where he's allergic to electricity. so Jimmy's over there every morning. helped bring his brother groceries and stuff. but one day, Oh, Jimmy hits a skateboarder. when they try to shake him down for money, he calls him out for an obvious scam. see, back in Chicago, he used to be slippin Jimmy. he was a small-time con man, but he was really good at it. he's like, all right, kids, I got a job for you. I want you to run your skateboard scam on mrs. Kettleman. that way I can swoop in and be her hero. maybe she'll sign with me. but mrs. Kettleman hits and runs. turns out they hit the wrong car. it's this old Mexican lady, and her grandson is none other than Tuco Salamanca, the crazy, violent gangster from Breaking Bad. he knocks those punks out. Jimmy shows up, grabs him to brings him all out to the middle of the desert. Jimmy tries to explain how it was just a horrible mix-up, but Sukkos probably gonna kill him anyway. luckily, his friend nacho is a bit more level-headed. he's like, look, if we kill you, it'll probably bring us more trouble. we'll let you go. these Punk's, though, they called Tuco's grandma a business. so he's gonna kill them. so Jimmy has an impromptu desert court session where Tuco wants to give them the death penalty, and Jimmy manages to talk him down to just a couple broken legs later, not show fines. Jimmy, he's like, hey, those kettlemans, they have a couple million in cash sitting around their house. you helped find where it is, and we'll steal it. Jimmy is like, you know, I don't want to get involved with that. and he's like, look, if you're not gonna help, do it myself. so Jimmy disguises his voice, calls the kettlemans, tells them they're in danger. but the next morning, they're gone. they've been kidnapped. nachos the prime suspect, because the neighbor saw him casing the neighborhood, not just like, yo, I didn't do it. I didn't have a chance yet. and you're gonna fix this, or I'm gonna murder you. now the parking attendants at the courthouse is none other than Mike Ehrmantraut, the old guy from Breaking Bad who eventually became waltz out of security. he's a real stickler for having the right amount of parking stickers. so he and Jimmy have a disagreement, but get to talking, he's like, you know, when I used to be a cop, I've seen this before. the kettlemans probably kidnapped themselves. they just ran away to hide for a bit. so Jimmy follows that hunch, and sure enough, finds him with a big bag of cash. he's like, well, if you guys gotta come back, turn yourselves in. she's like, yeah, we'll come back, but we're not giving up the cash here. we'll give you a chunk of it if you don't tell anyone about it. so he's off the hook with nacho, and he's got a nice wad of cash to get his law practice going. he buys one nice suit and a giant billboard, exactly copying Hamlin style. this lawyer working for him is Kim Wexler. she and Jimmy are old friends and maybe used to date. whoa. of course, he has to take the Billboard down, so he makes a protest video. and once, you know what, the worker pulls off right then. so Jimmy rushes up there to rescue him. and naturally, the guy was in on it though, but they got the whole thing on tape, and Jimmy's now a local hero. he hides the newspaper from his brother because back when he was slippin, Jimmy, he finally got in some real trouble for taking a dump through someone's sunroof. Chuck got him out of it. but Jimmy doesn't want to think that he's regressing. but Chuck thinks it's weird he didn't get his paper, so he Braves the outside world to go grab his neighbor's. naturally, to an outsider, he looks kind of crazy, so they call the cops on him. and then he sounds kind of crazy, so they busted his doorman taser him, they bring him to the hospital, which is the worst place he could be. so they finally explained his condition to a doctor, but she's like, hmm. turns on a thing without him knowing, and proves that his condition is actually just mental. she's like, look, Jimmy, you should have your brother committed so he can get the help he needs. but he's like, yeah, I'm not gonna do that to my brother. he's fine, except for this one thing. anyway, Jimmy's publicity stunt has gotten him a lot of calls. this guy wants to secede from the union. this guy's made a potty training talking toilet that talks really sexual. but there's an old lady that just needs a lawyer to do her will, and she can actually pay. so Jimmy decides to specialize in elder law, and he is real charming with the oldies. speaking of oldies, Mike Ehrmantraut gets visit from some old Philly cops who used to work with they're looking into the murder to cops, and they think the killer might be the same guy who killed Mike's son back in the day. so Mike brings Jimmy as his lawyer, but he's like, look, all I want you to do is spill this coffee on the young guys jacket. Mike grabs the guy's notebook, and turns out they don't have any evidence of their suspicion that Mike killed the cops. yes, they were the dirty cops that killed his son. now back to the kettlemans. Kim's gotten them a great deal where if they return the money, they do very little jail time. but the wife's crazy. she's like, we are not returning any money because there is none. were innocent. so they go back to Jimmy, but this is an unwinnable case, so he hires Mike to steal the money from them. he gives them a bill that's sprayed with UV stuff so that he can track the fingerprints find their stash. and they've stolen a giant bag of cash. should't decides to do the right thing, put his share back in and give it to the DA, and sends them back to Kim. but now Jimmy is broke again. now, why isn't Jimmy just working out his brother's law firm? well, when he first got out of prison, Chuck gave him a job at the mailroom, and Jimmy secretly put himself through law school and passed the bar. that's when he was dating Kim by the way. and his brothers like, y'all, Congrats. you should work here. but it was Howard Hamlin who said, Jimmy, I don't like you. I we're not gonna hire you here. so that's why Jimmy's doing his own thing. elder law is going pretty well, but this one old lady, he realizes that her assisted living facility is overcharging her, and he does way too much work of actually trying to put all these back together, and working with Chuckie, realizes they've got a serious case here. but it's way too big for Jimmy and Chuck alone. they've got to bring it in to HHM. and Chuck wants to go in, so he gets a foil-lined jacket. they turn off all the power there, and for the first time in two years, he's back at the office. Howard's like, Jimmy, this is an amazing case. you're gonna get a huge chunk of money at the back end when it's done. but the catch is, you can't work on it. I don't like you you can't be working here. and Jimmy's like, what's up with this guy? now, Mike moved to New Mexico to be with his granddaughter and his daughter-in-law. and they're, you know, short on money, so Mike goes to the local veterinarian who works as a recruiter for illegal jobs. he gets a bodyguard gig for this really nerdy pharmacist. guy gta5 is like, hey, old man. you didn't even bring a gun. Mike's like, I don't need one. I'll just take yours. knocks him out. big guy runs away too. and Mike's like, look, you pay me for three let's go. pharmacist stole some pills from work, and he's selling them to nacho. and with Mike's help supervising, the deal goes real smooth. now, Jimmy is real pissed at Howard that he can't work this case. but he realized his phone was low on battery, saw the missed call from Chuck to Howard, and he's like, it was you brother that didn't want me working there. why and it's like, because you are not a lawyer. you're slippin, Jimmy, and you're a disgrace to the law profession. Jimmy's like, huh? well, I'm not bringing you groceries anymore, I'll tell you that. so Jimmy has a breakdown at bingo and storms off. storms all the way to Chicago, in fact, where he finds his best friend right where he left him. they pull the classic fake rare coin scam, and Jimmy loves it. he was born for this. he goes on a big con-artist bender, until they're pulling the dead rich guy scam, and his friend takes it too far. he actually died. so Jimmy gets his lucky pinkie ring, but Kim calls him. turns out they're bringing in another firm on the Sandpiper case, and without Chuck to intervene, they're totally down to hire Jimmy. so Jimmy comes back to Santa Fe, but he has an existential crisis. he's like, Mike, did we really have millions of dollars in cash no one knew about? I should have just taken that. so he bails on being a lawyer. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. [Music], 