how's it going film lovers? i'm your host, patrick, and today we are covering a 2020 south korean anthology, horror series based on urban legends. let's dive in, shall we? the series starts with episode one. the episode starts with a girl. she's an excellent student, but not doing well during her economic history class. while sitting in the classroom, she's deeply preoccupied with her thoughts, while the teacher's briefing. she then sees a flower on her front desk. suddenly, she comes out of her thoughts, raises her hand and shows the sanitary pad to the teacher. she then asks permission for the toilet. teacher then permits her to go. and she leaves the class for the washroom. as she heads towards the washroom, two photographs are seen on the college notice board. they both are the top academic performers named kim jiye and park so he the first photograph appears to be suspicious. and then all of a sudden, the eyeball of the girl in the photo moves towards her. when she passes by, the girl in the photo smiles strangely. as she walks through the corridor, she notices the lights are flickering above her. for a while, she stops and sees above her, then she continues to walk towards the toilet. inside the toilet, she hears the sound of a knot. she looks around to see, but nothing's there. she then nervously starts nail-biting, and then gets inside the toilet cabin. she takes out a cigarette and is about to light it up, when suddenly she hears strange noises. when she looks there's no one there. she again tries to light up the cigarette, but this time the doors open without her being able to see anyone. later on, the door of the cabin starts knocking. she gets scared and sits on the toilet seat on her feet. then the knocking stops, and there's a deep silence everywhere. she plucks up the courage and sits down on the floor to see inside the cabin next to her. when she looks under the wall at the next toilet, there's suddenly hair there. suddenly, the ghost of ga top of the class, opens the door to her cabin and kills her. at the beginning of the episode, it could be seen that both students received an honorary certificate gi is the best in class. and so he has the second best episode too. a taxi driver is out at night and he listens to the news of a murder. he drives the side of the road to get some sleep, and he then sleeps inside the car. suddenly, around 3 30 am, a woman gets into the car and sits in the back seat. she tells him to go to a hotel in ilsan. the navigation system cannot find this. the woman, however, knows the way and asks him to move. so the driver drives off. at some point, the woman says he should turn right now. however, there's no road to turn right. he ignores her weird instructions and keeps driving the cab. the woman keeps repeating to turn right. when the driver gets upset about the crazy guest, the woman suddenly stands on the street in front of the car, and he hits the brakes. then navigation indicates to him that he is at his destination. he gets frightened to find the girl outside in front of the car. it turns out that the woman has no eyes. the man turns around frightened and cannot see the woman. then she shows up and pulls his eyes out. and kills him. finally, the taxi starts again. episode 3, sairam is a broadcast jockey, and she starts live from her apartment to make viewers send money to her. she has just moved in, and she's celebrating with her audience. suddenly, a teddy bear falls from a shelf behind her. viewers comment that she planned it and had a trick. but sairam says she doesn't know why he suddenly fell off. suddenly, a book moves on the shelf. sairam is now frightened. the audience advises her to leave the house. she also realizes that and ends the stream. however, she does not notice that the stream is still continuing. but the chat breaks off. then it's revealed that sairam played this scary prank for public attention, while she thought that she had finished it well according to plan. after that, she talks to her friend and tells him how the audience bought everything from her. she asks how scary her prank was. syrum fool's viewers. but she's unaware that the viewers are still watching her live. she rehearsed the prank for a long time. then she just wants to make preview images for the video. but suddenly the photo filter not only marks her face, but also other faces in the room. suddenly, her head turns. a ghost who looks just like sairam takes her head and hits it several times on the table. she dies, and the spirit takes her place, repeating the words of greeting sairam said at the beginning episode 4. in the beginning scene of episode 4, two friends are shown at school. they were watching a scary video of that time, considering that video a lie, they go inside the school, though the school timing is over. in fact, they had forgotten some of their books inside the school. so they entered a school to bring those books. but one of the friends says that her foot was sprained. so that girl sits on the stairs, and she asks her friend to bring her books too. when the girl reaches and opens her friend's closet, she witnesses a scary doll there. this was actually kept to horrify this girl by her friend. she didn't have any foot problems. she had just dramatized the situation to terrify her friend. here it's revealed that the doll is not ordinary, but it is a haunted doll. this doll had been possessed by a demon, but the girl was unaware that it was actually a haunted doll. then the girl ignores it, and she returns back after taking the book. shortly afterward, a demon of a girl comes out from that doll. and this demon chases that girl while walking horrifically. the girl comes to the ground floor from the top one. but she repeatedly approached the same building floor. it was looking as if she was coming on the same floor. while descending from the stairs, she runs endlessly down the same steps without making any progress. and eventually, that horrific demon kills the girl. the girl who had kept that doll came upstairs to check her friend. then the demon girl is again seen on the stairs. she now chases this girl to kill her. episode 5. episode 5 starts while showing a few friends in the class talking about suicide. in the class chat, a student, jin yang, was bullied so much that she committed suicide. the teacher comes and tells the students not to feel guilty or to answer the police questions. then she leaves after praying for the dead girl. but here, sue seems depressed and sits there. in her last message, she advised jin young to simply die. then her dead friend also possesses her. in the evening, the teacher receives a message from gsu that she wants to talk about jin young in the classroom. the teacher comes, and there she says again that he sue should not feel guilty about jin young. but then she notices blood. it turns out that jin young's ghost has taken jesus legs, but these don't fit her. that's why she wants a teacher's legs. finally, this girl kills her teacher and possesses the lower part of her body. that girl leaves after adjusting the lower limbs of the teacher with her body. episode 6 starts with a boy in the elevator and is killed suspiciously. in the next scene, we see that the police investigate the matter, and j pill finds that the dead boy posted online about interdimensional travel by an elevator. in the next scene, jay pill comes to the elevator to check about interdimensional travel. he takes the elevator, follows the instructions and lands on the fourth floor, only to see his own self in front of him. a door closes and then opens on the tenth floor, then closes again. when it opens again, he finds a girl in the elevator telling him to press the first floor. then the door closes and the girl scares him and beats him to death. in the next scene, the police officer's dead body was also mutilated when it was found. but the most shocking thing is seen here. this police officer is seen outside the elevator standing with his fellow. it means that it was a ghost of the police officer who himself was investigating his case. episode 7, her family comes on the scene at the start of episode 7. there are three family members, including the husband, wife and their son. the man's wife is going to meet her mother with her son, but before leaving, she tells her husband that a few deaths have occurred in the neighborhood because they had not set the talisman outside their house. she asks her husband not to take the talisman paper off the bedroom wall, as it will bring bad luck. her husband promises that he will never remove that talisman. in the next scene, he returned from the office, removes the talisman as he wants to see the truth about it, and sleeps instantly. then we see that blood starts dripping under the door. soon after that, a demonic hand passes from there. it's transformed into a mysterious creature that kills him brutally. in the next scene, the floor is shown all flooded with blood, and he was lying dead on the same door. now let's move to episode 8. a lady appears at the start of the episode. that lady was dexterous in witchcraft. she has the ability to talk with spirits or evil demons. this lady had abducted a kid, and she used to serve him food after many days, so he may remain alive. actually, that lady intends to perform a ritual on this kid, and she will sacrifice that kid at the time of his death. then she gets a clue about when the kid will die. then this lady decides that she will end that kid. before the day of his death, that lady does the same. she kills that kid by stabbing him with a knife. a day before his death, the demon of the kid possesses the lady, making her more powerful. then that lady resolves other people's problems for a few days through the kid's demon. and she gets good earnings from it. after a few days, a woman visits this lady, who tells her that her son had been lost for many days and she could not find him. so she pleased to get her child back. meanwhile, seeing that woman, a demon in that lady becomes uncomfortable, because that woman was the mother of that kid who had already been killed by the shaman. so he begins to feel pain and become uncomfortable seeing his mother. knowing this, the shaman asks the woman to leave. and the woman decides to leave. after the woman's departure, the demon of the kid tears up and it comes out. and the kid was now human again. but before the kid could reach his mother, she had already committed suicide after losing hope to find her son. so the kid will always remain in the house of that lady. and with that, episode 8 ended, and so did the series along with it. 