so I think gaming it was a fun movie. they killed me with that frito-lay joke, and it's one that I give a solid Renta to. I think you should watch it with your friends on a game night. and considering that it's one that's really heavy on twists and turns, a lot of people in my screening, we're laughing throughout the movie, and then they left at the end talking like crazy frog. let me explain. you got three main couples. these two are the competitive bunch who met at Bar trivia. they had a DDR machine at their wedding. they're always playing games and are very competitive in order to win, and they pretty much do, except when it comes to having a baby. these two spend the whole movie wondering who cheated on who. with a fake Denzel and these two, or these two urges. funny trailer pretty much breaks down that the competitive dudes brother is coming over. but he's even more competitive since he's always been the successful brother. he's like the entrepreneur. and when he comes over, he's like, screw monopoly in your boring game night. I might get kidnapped than all of you guys need to find me. turns out that this is like an actual thing that you can do in real life, like pay a mystery Center to do this for you. but, I mean, after this movie, probably not everyone's excited to play the game. because he's offering up his brand-new car, shows three keys. no, Ryan, the whole car thing is is that somebody else comes to kidnap the brother before the entertainment people do. and it turns out to the brother ain't even an entrepreneur, but a smuggler who's got more enemies than Drake. so the three couples now find themselves trying not to get killed, but to go save the brother, only to realize, as they go through all of these perilous acts, that it was all set up by the neighbor. what turns out that their neighbor, cop, played excellently by Matt Damon jr. used to attend their game nights back in the day, and he used to be cool with them, but then his wife left them and he became weird her. his massive plan, once he hears what the brother is doing, which he, like magically finds out, is to create the ultimate game night, even better than that, by using ex-cons who he shortens their sentence, for all the guns and props that he has are fake, except for the brothers, hence the bloody cat. and he sets up this massive cat-and-mouse chase for his friends so that at the end, he can die a hero by saving them, so they can finally admit to him, we're sorry, buddy. we'll invite you to game night. then he, what, wipes off to catch up blood and goes, thanks. that's all I wanted here. of course, you know, cops maybe have done worse things in real life, but, you know, this is a movie, and I guess it makes sense since he has all that Intel that they give to cops, and, you know, they're not running background checks to make sure that he's stable. but, well, really had to be going what is the fact that as a cop, he would know that the brother is into smuggling? it's got a lot of background to him. I mean, it's in his research. Bateman types it up in his computer. the brother literally says it to his crew that he's a criminal. and so even though this whole thing is the cops game to get back at his friends, the actual crime lord is still out there, and he appears at the end, played by dexter, of all people. and the movie goes back into being that non serious thriller. so to recap, since you know there's a bunch of game nights going on, there's really a total of three. the smuggler brother comes over and he has his fake game night that doesn't go through because they arrive late. the neighbor cops is the main fake game night, which does go through, since, you know, he's doing it also his friends can love him again. the last one is is really just more of a kidnapping, because the crime lord appears because he's looking for a piece of paper with witness protection info, and he needs to kill them. this one does result in dead people. but you see, by the end of it, all the three game nights were really just meant to mend things. the brothers game night, turns out, was supposed to be all a set up, and it was rigged for his brother to win the car, since the keys were always in his pocket and, luckily, never fell outs. the cop just wanted to be reunited with his comrades and rejoined the group. and Dexter just needed another job. at the end, the brothers semi leaves his life of crime. both couples unites. the main couple has their baby through charades. and we learned that you should always, always invite your neighbor to game nights. just stick to monopoly. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. let me know what your favorite joke was. like I said mine was the Frito Lays joke. I thought it was the one that stood out the most. that happens like earlier in the movie. but I thought was a solid film. it's dust takes place like in a dumb little universe, since everything's not necessarily real, so it makes some of the stakes and that as high as they should be. but I'm curious know your thoughts on this movie. let me know any other movies want me to cover it down below in the comments section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I will send you that three for one free delay deal. 