hey guys. welcome back to the channel. today, i'm showing my face just so you guys aren't confused in the next saw video. this is kind of an introduction, and what better way to do that than with a horror story. we're going to be looking at the theater, which is about a broken and unfinished game that had some unexplainable errors that left its players really uneasy and borderline disturbed. i did change the story a little bit because the original was written more like an article and didn't have any characters. but let's get started. the story is told by a guy we're going to call liam. while sorting through the junk in his attic, he found a dusty old cd-rom of a game labeled the theater. it must have been at least 10 years old, and the discs box was already pretty strange. there was no company name or logo and no description. there was only a pixelated character printed on a plain white background. this guy was bald, had big red lips, and one of his hands was unnaturally large. liam believed he'd heard of this game and how it was unplayable, but didn't think it was real, just something made up in it. you're supposed to play little mini games in a movie theater. it was meant for young kids as an educational game, kind of like how we had those typing games in elementary school. but it turned out to be much worse than that. needless to say, it didn't really look inviting, and no kid wanted to play this piece of game, so development was just abandoned. liam was curious and popped the disc into his laptop to install it. everything seemed to go to plan until he got to that typical licensing agreement page. there was, again, no company or person credited to have created this. instead, there was only a blank white box. he didn't think much of it and went to click accept, but his computer immediately froze unlocked up. this happened again and again, every time after reinstalling it, which made him feel like there was something on this disc he wasn't meant to see. eventually, he figured out that if he restarted his laptop with a disc still inside, that the installation would finally finish. but maybe the error should have been a warning for him, because what he would find was definitely not normal. when the game started, three options appeared on the screen, settings, load game and new game. he tried clicking on settings, but that didn't do anything. so he clicked new game. after the loading screen, he got dropped into an empty, poorly lit movie theater. on the walls were pixelated posters that no one could read. and at the end of the room stood this strange guy from the cover. completely emotionless, liam slowly walked up to him. in a low quality audio file, the man introduced himself as the ticket taker. i mean, i could have guessed that part, meaning that his one big hand was probably just meant to look like he's reaching out for your movie ticket. but what made liam feel uncomfortable wasn't the ticket taker, but rather what was next to him. because he stood in front of this long, pitch-black hallway that seemed to go on forever. this hallway leaned thoughtlessly to the theaters. he interacted with the ticket taker, who said, thank you. please enjoy the movie and walked into the darkness. eventually, the screen faded to black and dropped him back into the lobby where the game started. but he didn't give up, because there had to be more to this. he kept cycling through this and things slowly started to change. when he entered the corridor one more time, he got dropped into the lobby, but this time the ticket taker was gone. with nothing else left to do, he entered the hallway, but this time it didn't fade out. he continued going further and got darker and darker. it wasn't long before he was so far in that his screen was almost completely black. he looked back and saw that the entrance was really far away. the only thing you heard in the darkness were the continuous footsteps of the player the hallway, for obvious reasons, made liam feel extremely anxious. and only a few seconds later, the footsteps stopped. initially, he wasn't sure if the game crashed, but then it occurred to him, the game was still running, but the character was stuck. he was completely unable to move. then something slowly became visible in the shadows. he went to lean in, when the hallway suddenly lit up, and he could see what was in the darkness. to a surprise, it was the ticket taker standing right in front of him with a swirl on his face, like his head went through a milkshake machine. liam completely panicked and almost threw up. it was a pretty big jump scare that caught him off guard. he thought the worst was over. however, the game froze up again. out of nowhere, this awful screeching noise started playing. and no matter what he tried, he couldn't stop it. when the sound finally ended, the game started working again. liam looked at his computer and saw that he got dropped into the lobby, but now every poster was replaced with the ticket taker's face. after calming down for a few minutes, he started playing again. now the ticket taker was pacing up and down the lobby with a worried look on his face. when he got closer, the man turned to him and said, even though it sounded really corrupted. liam believes he heard never reached the other levels, but he never found any additional levels, and could only imagine what would happen further down that hallway. he tried showing this to his friends, but when he loaded the game, the hallway was blocked by a brick wall, which caused the game to crash every time he touched it. not long after that, he took the disc and burned it, like, physically burned it. okay, that's the end of the story. let me know if you liked it. this was, by the way, heavily inspired by a german video series called creeps. but i haven't seen anything like it in about 5 years. so i thought you guys might like it. the next upload will be about saw 4. but just a heads up, it might come out a little bit later because i'm getting my wisdom teeth out, and i don't really know what that's going to do to the timing of the video. anyways, i hope you liked it and that i get to see you guys in the next video. thanks for watching. bye. 