before i begin, let me stop by saying this mini meth is written for and dedicated to jennifer p, a top 10 patron and a damn great nurse. the star of our movie today is janet lee plus tony curtis blue. our star begins in haddonfield, illinois. see how it says right now. on halloween night, 1963. see how it says right now. i don't know why hall movies always start with two ugly teens getting it on, but i think the idea of the homely children they could create is the scariest thing of all. look at them taking the little child's mask. damn, that was fast, brother. work on your endurance. oh, there's the mask. and whoever this is is so damn salty about the boyfriend wearing that mask. he goes upstairs and goes off psycho on his sister. whoop. wasn't supposed to say that. were you about to find that out? anyway, when the child walks out of the house with a bloody butcher knife and stares off into oblivion, while his parents just gonna what? staying there for two goddamn minutes not trying to figure out what the [ __ ] they're looking at michael, what did you do over here in smith's grove, illinois. right there after we done. fast forwarded 14 years and 355 days, 359 if you're counting leap years. see also right now with dr loomis and his assistant going to pick up michael, who's been locked away for psycho and his sister. he put his hand on her head. she put the foot on the gas. they almost got whiplash. they took off so fast, spinning, taking off fast. there go michael pelt in the middle, burning, rubbing in that mom mobile. lord, don't trust that little child. i've seen what they can do. one minute you bumping nuggets with your fellow ugly and next thing you know, you laid out on the floor with ketchup on your tatas. here's michael, and here's michael, and where's michael? we didn't even hear the engine crank. this man is a pro. and what's going on in michael's head when he creeps on these boys? i feel nostalgic thinking about the good old days when i was just a little child cycling my sister annie, linda and laura take a walk. and there's michael, and there's michael. and where's michael? and then it gets docked. and michael follows laurie and andy to some houses where they babysitting somebody's brats. and it gets naked. and then she almost dies, but then she don't. then he takes a child she should be tending to to laurie, who ain't got no mans because she's too smart. so annie can go boning. but when eddie tries to take off to get off, she gets off. do you see how that works? later, linda arrives at andy's employer's house and bones with her boyfriend bob. but after bob gets off, he gets off. see how that works? meanwhile, linda calls laurie and is like, i'm starting my own movie. it's called boning with bob, but now i'm getting off. toodles. no, actually, she didn't say nothing. just picked up the phone, dropped it on the floor, was all she heard. and laura's like, annie, are you okay? so she goes to find that auntie is not okay, and bob hanging out. and linda limp. but laura can't outrun that slow ass, so she stabs him, but he ain't deceased. and she hides in the closet. it steps in the eye and right through the titty, but he ain't deceased. and dr loomis pew pews that ass, but ain't deceased. and the moral of the story is, what's more of a story? if you want to survive on halloween, be smart enough the men don't ask you out. because if laura had been doing it, she'd been deceased. the dead end. thank you again to my loyal patron, jennifer. if you would like a mini mf of your own, head over to my patreon page to find out how. for movies explained for i'm jeb ah dire 