welcome to thriller recapped. and today i will show you a british psychological thriller film called exam. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. around the year 2050, most of the population of earth is infected with a harmful, contagious disease. to fight the problem, a pharmaceutical company called dataprev is working on finding a cure for the disease. in britain, eight mandatory candidates dress for what appears to be an employment assessment exam. the group enter a room and sit at individual desks. each desk has a paper printed with a word candidate and a number from one to eight. the invigilator enters the exam room. he lets the group know that many people has tried this employment exam before and failed. and he states that the person who clears the exam will be given an employment letter, and those who fail will be given the bus ticket for home. he then explains that the exam is 80 minutes and consists of only one question, but there are three important rules. the candidates must not talk to him or the armed guard at the door, must not spoil their paper, and may not leave the room. if they do, they will be disqualified. the invigilator asks them if they have any questions, then leaves. as the exam starts, all the candidates tries to look for the question. however, it turns out that the papers are otherwise blank. within minutes, an asian candidate gets upset and she starts writing on paper that she deserves better, breaking the rule of exam by spoiling paper. and she is disqualified. maybe she didn't deserve better. after her rejection, the seven remaining candidates starts exploring things and trying to find loopholes in the exam structure since they couldn't find the question. after a moment of thinking, they realize that it is permissible to talk to each other and to collaborate as well. then one very usual, unexpected thing happens. one candidate white assigns nicknames to each candidate based on hair color and skin color. one guy is named black based on his skin color. another girl is called blonde. indian guy is called gandhi. the guy gets upset, and he says he prefers himself called brown instead, and so on. a girl is named brunette and dark. she gets upset and says it's not nice of him to be racist in exam. but white says that, since they're not allowed to share the real names, this is the best way, and they all agree. lastly, the silent and very detached guy not talking to the group is named f. in the hour that follows, they figure out that it's not about the answer, it's about the question. white says they need to help each other as a team. brown says, why should i help you? we are in competition. white says, in order to establish the question, they need us to work together. we need observation, teamwork. dark says, we are put in a stress situation to bring out the worse in us. black says, maybe to bring out best of us. then they all agree to work together. later, they figure out that question maybe be hidden in the paper, and they need to decipher it. black says it can be a watermark. brunette says, it can be hidden ink. brown says, there might be different questions to all of them, and they are not meant to cooperate. black disagrees and says there might be one question in among all the papers, so they need to work together. continuing, black says the question might be hidden and will be only visible if required lights are used. so white decides to break the bulbs one by one with a chair, thinking ultraviolet lights will be turned on, revealing the question. it seems they're right about the light, but the question is still not revealed, and they fail. however, they realize that room might have a lot of other hidden ways to reveal the question. dark sees that there is more light under the blue light, so they decide to break it as well. since black thinks that the infrared light behind the bulbs can reveal the text later. after breaking the lighting, they're still not able to figure out anything. at this point, we can say that they're losing patience and they are running out of time. white recalls what invigilator said, that they're not allowed to spoil their paper, but they might be allowed to spoil other person's paper. so they take the paper of asian girl who is already disqualified, and white starts using the pencil on it the trace and reveal the question, but they fail again. white thinks it might be revealed if they use some sort of liquid on it. so white goes in the corner, and he decides to take a piece on the paper. everyone is disgusted, and he fails to shockingly, they hear def uttering something. they go to him and realize he is speaking french. dark is the only one who can understand french. she tries to talk to him, and he says, to see clearly is all needed. white makes fun of him, however, brown says that it's strange that they all are brought here and all of them come from a different ethnic background. and he states that it might be an experiment or a game, and they're betting on them. later, they speculate on the exam's purpose and the nature of the company, whose identity is shrouded in mystery. dark claims that the ceo is highly secretive and has not been seen since the pandemic. it is gradually revealed that the company is responsible for a miracle drug designed to treat a condition afflicting a large part of the population due to a viral pandemic. black says the company has found the cure, and the person who gets the job will get the cure as well, making him live for 80 years, at least, as the test is 80 minutes. upon hearing that, burnett says that her husband is infected from the pandemic, and he will die if he won't get the cure. black says, we are in this together. she says she don't need his help. later, she goes to the guard and puts his hand as pocket. then she shows them the finger checking another pocket of guard, she takes a lighter out. upon seeing only the lighter coming out of the pocket, white is disappointed. but black says, heat might have an effect on the paper if it is chemically treated. vernette says, if they're chemically treated, then in the water sprinkling pipes, they might have replaced water with a chemical and that way they can decipher the text on the paper using the developing fluid in the pipes. so they start preparing for an attempt to decipher the paper. everyone hides their paper in order not to spoil it. meanwhile, we see deaf strangely going next to the clock and touching it. there is a chaos in the room. later we see brunette tries to turn on the fire alarm. white says he will help her, and he brings a paper and burns it to start the fire alarm. finally, the fire alarm goes off. they all get excited. however, they find out that it's just water in the pipes, not any special liquid. after the chaos, they find out that white used brunettes paper to turn the alarms on. the guard approaches her. everyone is shocked and in pain. and we see brunette getting disqualified. all the candidates except white, seems upset, and black is raging out. he then asks him, why did he do this? which white replies, there was no other choice. black says, then i should punch the lights out of you. and the room light turns off. this makes brown think that the room is also voice controlled. then he says, lights on and normal lights are back. blonde tells them to be careful of what they say from now later, we see dev crying out of seeing everything. we can say that he is having a nervous breakdown. white goes to him and asks him if he's hungry, by saying, i'm hungry. and angry, upon hearing no reply from death, white gets irritated and starts emotionally torturing him. also makes him tear and eat the paper. then we see guard approaching to death and throwing him out. poor guy drops his glasses. as the door closes. white starts smiling, and he says, now only five of us are left. at this point, we can say that, upon given slightest pressure, humans can overpass animals when it comes to their own survival. black, disappointedly says, that aren't you the one who asked all of us to cooperate and work in team earlier? which white replies that he lied, and they shouldn't trust him. black says that they won't help him anymore. which white replies that he has figure out the question and he is not going to share it with them. black has it all by now, and he knocks down white with a superman punch. blonde says, we may need him, however. black replies by saying he is an enemy of the group. in a distraction. black then goes towards white and lifts him. he also asks for help to brown. then they both tie him down on the chair, as white may death eat the paper. black takes the socks out of white's feet and puts it in his mouth by saying, this is karma and justice being served. dark says, you could have done more. then black says that they should kick him out of the door. brown asks him if he believes in forgiveness. black replies that he will forgive him, but after the exam. blonde stops them and reminds them the rule of individualator, that they cannot go outside the room or they'll be disqualified to so black stops, but he's still not done with him, so he takes a pencil and tries to make him spoil the paper. then white wakes up, and he tries to say something. black gives him a batman slap and says, shut up. later, dark takes the socks out of his mouth. white says that he needs medication. he takes a pill every hour. black says, only one condition is treated that way by saying white is infected with the virus. white begs that he need pills urgently, or he will not survive to see the next day. black says, only if he will tell them the question. then black checks his both the pockets, but finds nothing. dark says that this is a pathetic trick, and white might be a spy planted by the company to make them fight with one another. brown says, or you are the spy, by saying, white is not smart enough to be a seed, but dark is. she is studying psychology and reverse psychology. brown says he is a famous gambler and he has studied it as well. stops them by saying, any one of us can be seed, and we have to trust each other in order to survive the test. brown says, see, the thing is, trust has to be earned, sister, and ties dark with his belt to the chair later. then he starts interrogating her. brown asks her to tell us the truth. dark replies she can't say anything because she don't know anything, and that she worked for hr, not with the ceo's office. brown is not buying it, and he goes to the table and brings a paper. he then says that a delicate thing like paper can make a big wound if used properly. then he tells blonde that's how they used to interrogate people in special forces. he lifts the skirt of dark and finds scar of soft injury. then he makes fun by saying she might have daddy issues, and makes a new cut. black says, that's enough, and he goes to help dark, but brown gives him a punch instead, and warns everyone not to interfere. he then removes the glasses of dark and says, eyes are the most delicate as well. dark is screaming that she told everything she knows. at this point, brown realizes that she is saying the truth. blonde goes to dark and gives her a bandage by saying, it's okay. later, we see white having seizure. everyone goes to him. blonde says that we need to get him pills. black says he lost his wife like this and they need to hurry. blonde says, if they can't trust each other, then they need to search each other. then black starts searching brown, and dark starts searching blonde and so on. however, they found nothing. dark notices that brown is not having his gum anymore. she goes to his table and finds the pill stick to it. she grabs the pill and goes to white. brown stops her by saying, let's think about this again. black stops him and says, we are saving his life. and brown pushes him, making the pill go in the drainage. black couldn't get it out. so blonde takes her hairpin and she tries to grab the pill. we see white's condition worsening. dark tells the camera that can't you see, he is dying. she breaks the rule. the guard comes and throws her out. everyone is shocked. blonde gets the pill, and she gets it to white. black goes to him, and white says, hey, losers, making them relive that he's alive. white makes fun of them by saying they haven't figured out the question yet. and few minutes are left. brown asks him to fulfill the promise of pill, and now it's his turn to give them the question. white finally reveals that there is no question, and we need to eliminate each other in order to win. white then tells black that he's weak. and they both look at the gun in guard's holster. they both run towards the guard to take the gun. black overpowers him and takes the gun from holster. brown and blonde try to calm him down. however, white provokes him and says that black is weak and he won't shoot at him. then white starts walking towards black, making him press the trigger, but the gun won't fire. upon seeing opportunity, white attacks black and stabs him with a pencil like john wick, and takes his gun. then white realizes that gun has a fingerprint lock on it, so he goes to the guard and points the gun at brown, asking him to leave or he will be dead. brown surrenders and walks towards the door. later, white points the gun at black by saying he will take care of him in the end. then he asks blonde to leave the room or she will be dead as well. she goes to the door. we see blonde standing at the door while white points at her. she says, lights out. and lights go off in order to give an opportunity for black to overpower white. however, white fire multiple rounds, shooting black in the chest. black sees the wound and he falls to the ground. we see blonde hiding near the door. white notices it and goes towards her to shoot her. at the same time, the timer goes to zero. upon seeing that, white steps back. blonde takes a deep breath, and she sees the glasses of death, and she remembers what he said to them. white is unrest and he tells the camera that, where is my employment letter? however, we see guard approaching him and showing the real time that there are still few seconds left. white recalls that during the chaos, def went next to the clock and pressed a button to make it fast. white cannot process that he lost and he looks at black, dead on the floor. he has remorse and tries to shoot himself, but gun is locked, and the guard throws him out. blonde garbs a piece of broken glass and glasses of death. then she goes and gets the paper. she put the glasses on the broken glass, on one another, and now she can see the text. she sees question one written on the paper. everything makes sense to her. now we see def entering the room. she goes towards him with the paper and gives him his glasses. and she says, the answer is no. recalling how the invigilator asked them in the beginning if they have any questions, and the answer was no, the invigilator says, you're hired now. but she says, i don't want the job that is based on other people's dead bodies. invigilator points towards black and says, is he dead? she goes to him and finds out the wound is healing. she is shocked to see it healing. then invigilator explains it to her that when they were trying to find the cure for the virus, they accidentally discovered a formula to manipulate dna and make wounds heal drastically. further he says that they need someone trustworthy to find the cure and help people. we see black coming back to life. then he grabs the cross and makes a prayer def asks her to join the company. then we see her accepting to work with them. and the movie ends. hope you liked it, like and subscribe. and let me know in the comments about the move 