welcome to the man of recaps. this is Game of Thrones, season 8, the final season. John and Daenerys make it to Winterfell, but since is not happy to see them, the northern Lords all made John King in the north. but now he's gone in bet the need of this random girl. Jon's like, hey, everyone, chill out. Daenerys is awesome, and I'm not just talking about in bed, cuz we're totally doing it. Daenerys has her two dragons with her, and John's like, hey, do you think I can ride one? which button do i press? oh, I'm flying on a dragon. it's super epic. and Daenerys seeing a whole new world from Aladdin. these two are crazy in love. nothing could tear them apart, except bran knows the secret of John's true parentage. Sam fills John in on what we learned last season. he's not the bastard of Ned Stark at all. he's the true born son of his sister, Lyanna stark and rhaegar targaryen. John's like, oh my god. I've been boning my aunt. Sam's more concerned about the fact that he's the true heir to the Iron Throne. John's like, oh, yeah, I guess that too. meanwhile, Jamie Lannister makes it to Winterfell. it's like, hey, where's the Lannister army? we went through all the trouble last season of going beyond the wall to capture a zombie show it to Cersei so she would join us in the war. Jaime's like, oh yeah. now that's not gonna happen. Cersei is totally content to let the army of the dead slaughter them all. she's got new reinforcements. Joran Greyjoy brought over the golden company, a powerful mercenary army. part of urines deal for joining her is that they get married. so these two bay Euron's got Yara Greyjoy hostage for all of five minutes before Theon rescues her. she's like, well, I don't really have anything to do this season. I'm just gonna piece right out of the show. so they're planning the battle against the White Walkers. Jon's like, we're way outnumbered. is there any way we can win? bran points out that in movies, if you kill the main villain, his army of minions conveniently died. and that's the best plan they got that night. a bunch of main characters just hang around and drink. torment tells the story of how he suckled on Giants milk. and Jamie decides to Knight. Brienne, one of the truest Knights in the series, now officially has a sir good for her. Arya Stark finds Gendry. these two are best friends in the early seasons, and he was always super hot. but now she's old enough to appreciate it. she's like, hey, fancy a shag? he's like, whoa. our yeah. we're like, sisters. whoa. oh, okay, wait a minute. are we getting a sex scene with Arya? we watched her grow up. it's a little weird. but she's like, yo, I'm 22. google it. and they get it on. John and Danny do not get it on, though. he's like, hey, this is awkward, but nephew, we can't bang anymore. she's like, I'm more concerned with the fact that you're ahead of me in the line of succession. but their condo is interrupted by the white walkers. the Battle of the long night is here. it's gonna be an epic battle. all our main characters are here. Melisandre shows up. she's like, oh, I can't believe I almost missed this. she lights the dothraki arcs on fire. cool. they're so amped they charge right in. it's an epic shot. but jours like, wait, is this the best use of our cavalry charging right into a zombie horde? Jorah survives, along with four total Dothraki. so, yeah, maybe not the best idea. and here we go, zombie fight. a hork of them swarming over all. the living. don't stand a chance. luckily, they have dragons. yes, this is what Game of Thrones has been building up to for eight seasons. Daenerys is John riding dragons burnin aiding the zombies. John wants to take the battle directly to the White Walkers, but they summon a blizzard and nullify the dragon advantage. the good guys laid a fire trench, which buys them about five seconds. and then it's zombie battle. in Winterfell. Arya with her spear thing, but somehow she ends up wandering around the library. the hounded Barrett come to rescue her, and Barrett gets stabbed a million times on the way out. he is dead for good. this time. no more revives, cuz he doesn't have a red priest, except Melisandre was actually standing right there. I guess she didn't want to waste the spell slots. Theon is with bran in the godswood. they're trying to lure the knight King out. it's like, hey, brand you want to use your warm powers to help? somehow brands like, no, I'm good just sitting here. and the night King arrives, riding on his undead dragon. John and Danny go up to chase him, and it's a dragon battle. yes, so epic. except without me lightening it, it looked like this, a lot less exciting. but if you can see it - oh, man, it is actually really sweet. Daenerys knocks the night King off his dragon. he's down on the ground, and it's like, ricardus, boom, dragon fire. yeah, this guy's totally dead. except they do the Dragon Ball Z thing where they wait for the smoke to clear, and he's unharmed. so it's all come down to the 1v1 sword fight. Jon Snow versus the night king, except the night king uses his Ray's dead ability. everyone that just died is coming back as a zombie. Ranjan, get to him before it's too late. oh oh it's too late. I guess we just won't have an epic sword fight. zombies are coming to life all over Winterfell down in the crypts with the women and children. Tyrians got a good buzz on. after his fourth flagon, he's like, wait a second. the enemy can raise the dead. should we be hiding in the crypts? no, no, you should not. the ancient Starks come back to life and start killing extras. Tyrians like, yeah, I thought we were smarter than this. the living are getting overwhelmed. John makes a beeline for the night king. that's their only chance of survival. but he's blocked by an undead dragon. so the white walkers head to the godswood beyond. gives a foolhardy charge and instantly gets owned. then the night King approaches, bran, my ancient enemy, the three-eyed Raven. shall we have a duel for the ages? brands like, no, I'm kind of good just sitting here. oh, okay, then, but wait, what's this? out of the Mist? are you leaping in for the kill? but she stopped. fool. no man can kill me. I am no man drops the dagger and Valyrian steel to the heart. oh, he explodes. Aria kills the night King, as predicted. the whole army of the Dead was connected to his Wi-Fi. so they all collapse. incredibly, all our main characters survived. oh, except Jorah. he got stabbed a bunch. he dead. Melisandre walks out, takes off her magic necklace that keeps her young and high, and she's so old she disintegrates into dust. Davos is like, oh, my man. stan has put his D in that. there's a big funeral, if you want to cry, and then a party if you want a drink. tormund finally makes his move on Brienne, but she's not really feeling it. she's into Jamie. wait, are these two gonna do it? yeah, they get it on even John and Danny going for it again, until he remembers they're elated. he's like, man, if I'm gonna bone my aunt, I'm gonna have to get a lot drunker. so the White Walkers are defeated, but now it's time for the war on Cersei. with all of their losses and Circe's reinforcements, the odds are dangerously even. Daenerys is like, yo, it's no big deal. I still got two dragons. they are a huge advantage, unless one gets shot in the chest. Oh, what? it's just a flesh wound. he'll be fine. oh, no, in the neck. yeah, that dragons dead. it was the cartoon pirate you're on. Greyjoy hiding his whole fleet behind a rock. they've got bigger, badder crossbows. and he wipes out ten Harris's fleet. most of them make it to land, except for miss sandy, who is captured. he's like, hey baby, I killed the dragon for you. she's like, thanks, and congrats. you got me pregnant. he's like, after just one time, I'm the man. of course, she is lying to him. we found out she was pregnant last season. it's Jamie's so Daenerys and Cersei meets Tyrians like, hey, Cersei, you can't win. just surrender. we'll let you live. if not for yourself, do it for your unborn child. if you're on were a smarter man, he'd wonder how Tyrion knows when he only found out five minutes ago. but Iran is not a smarter man anyway, Cersei has no intention of surrendering. she executes Smith Sunday right there. oh, you done messed up. Daenerys is mad. now she's gonna burn the whole city to the ground. Vera steps in like, hey, that's a figure of speech, right? because remember, there's million innocent people in there. but Daenerys seems uncharacteristically unconcerned. earlier, John told his siblings they're actually cousins and he's a Targaryen. Sansa would much prefer John as king to Daenerys. so she immediately tells Tyrion. and Tyrion can keep a secret, so he immediately tells Varys. now, Barry says like, hey, John, Denny's acting crazy. I think you should be king. but Jon says, the only two lines he has this season, I don't want it. she is my queen. Tyrion saw this going down. he's like, hey Danny, Varys is trying to replace you because you're been acting crazy. she's like, what? oh, I wouldn't want him to think that. let me prove I'm fine by burning him alive. then it's time for the Battle of King's Landing. Cersei is feeling pretty good. she's got the strongest mercenary army in the world. she's got a ton of huge ass crossbows, plus a ton more on the iron fleet. Danny can't possibly use drogon unless she has a good strategy. turns out she does. it's to fly straight at the iron fleet, dodge the one bolt they shoot at her and then burn the whole thing. no problem. okay, but there's a ton more on the city walls. there's no way she can dodge all of those. and, oh yeah, actually she does. she takes them all out. but they're still the golden company, the strongest. Oh No, yeah. they're taken out to one shot. so the good guys march in with no resistance. the Lannisters are like, yeah, we clearly lost. we surrender. ring the bells. so the good guys won. cut to the epilogue, where we see that they live happily ever after. why is Danny looking like that? she's like, you know what? this battle was way too easy and unsatisfying. I think I'm gonna go burn the surrendering Lannister troops and keep it going into civilians. Daenerys, what are you doing burn? [Music]. earlier, Aria in the hound, we're on an assassination mission to take out Cersei before the battle. now that Daenerys is destroying the city. that's kind of a moot point. but the Hound still has to fight his evil older brother. the hound versus the mountain. it's cooking ball, bang, boom. yeah, big fight. oh, the Hound stabs him in the chest, but boom, the mountain don't even feel it. he pulls that sword right out, cuz he's a crazy, undead Frankenstein monster. he pulls his signature move of the over and head crush. but the Hound manages to stab him in the face. Oh, even that doesn't slow him down. so Sandor tackles his brother out of the burning cape and I fall together into the flames below. also, earlier, Jaime wanted to go back to King's Landing to help Cersei brands like, hold on. you've had a whole Redemption arc. Circe's the worst. you're better than that. he's like, yeah, I mean, I may be a good guy now, but I still want to bang my sister. Jamie made it to the red keep too late. the doors were shut. so he tries to come around the back way, and who should show up, but you're on Greyjoy. he's like, hey, Kingslayer, why don't we fight for no reason? Jamie's like, what? but we're on the same side. oh, my god, I'm tackled. you're on, stabs him right in the lungs. I mean, that's a death blow. but Jamie's fine. and he stabs you're on. Jamie makes it to Cersei and the twins embrace. they're gonna sneak out the back, but it's already blocked. so the siblings and lovers die in each others arms. now, King's Landing is completely destroyed. Jon goes to talk to Daenerys, who looks a lot like an evil queen at this point. he's like, yeah, I mean, she went a little overboard there, but at least now she can rule in peace. except she's like, hey, that felt good. let's go conquer the whole world. periods like, this is not what I signed up for. so he resigns his hand and goes to jail. then Daenerys makes it to the Iron Throne, what we've been rooting for since season 1. just not like this. Jon goes to her, he's like, hey Daenerys, by the way, burning civilians is not cool. she's like, now, don't worry about it, baby. their descendants can grow up in a better world that I've created. Jon has to choose between the woman he loves and what's probably best for the world. and it looks like Jon chooses love. these two starts smooching. oh, wait, what's this? oh, he stabbed her in the heart. Jon Snow kills Daenerys. it's an epic sacrifice, and he's so sad. Joe God shows up though, like, what the f bro? he lashes out and burns not John, but the Iron Throne itself. this symbolizes how the quest for power Cara, it's everyone or whatever. and drogon picks up Daenerys and they fly off into the distance. Daenerys Targaryen, the unburnt mother of dragons who brought magic back into the world, is flying off into the realm of legend. sometime later, they hold a Great Council with the remaining Lords of Westeros. grey worm and the unsullied have been holding the city, and Daenerys his name, but he has no idea what to do. Tyrion is like, hey, I know I'm a prisoner, but I think we should elect a king, and I think it should be Brandon stark. what? why him? that's probably the most boring choice. he's like, yeah, I think boring is what the realm needs right now. friends like, yeah, sure, whatever, bro. and the other Lords are like, yeah. I mean, I guess Sansa is like, hey, I support you, bro, but I think the north should be independent. brands like, yeah, I'm cool with that. the other lords are like, wait, was that an option? but it's too late. they already voted. so all hail King brand the broken. now what about Jon Snow, his sisters want him freed. about the unsullied want him executed. so they compromised and they banished him to the Nights Watch. he's like, you've got to be kidding me. so Tyrion is made hand of the king. they have their first small council meeting. Sam is the archmaester. he helped write the history book, A Song of Ice and Fire. he's like, trust me, guys, the books are a lot better. Davos is a good dude, so he's master of ships. Brienne gets to beat Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. and Bronn is there as master of coin. he had a short subplot where Cersei hired him to kill her brothers. he tracked them down, like, making me a better offer and they're like, well, if we win, you can have Highgarden. so yeah, out of everyone, bran basically won the game of Thrones. he went from nothing to high lord king. bran rolls up to the meeting brands like, hey guys, I'm gonna be a real chill, hands off King. you guys are on the realm. just don't screw it up too bad. Sansa is named Queen in the north. it's very nice for her. and the northern Lords get to chant again. Arya decides to set sail for adventure. she's gonna find out what's west of Westeros. but no one's ever made it before, so unless there's been huge advancements in ship technology, her voyage is probably doomed. up at the wall, it's Jon Snow, it's like, wait a minute. the White Walkers are defeated. is there even a Night's Watch anymore? no, there's not. it's just his bro tormund, than the wildlings. they're like, hey, we're going home north of the wall. and he's like, yeah, I guess I'll roll with so Jon Snow, the bastard who was a king, constantly fighting for the realm above his own wants and needs, rides off into the sunset. and that's how Game of Thrones comes to an end. it's been an epic journey. my first ever video was Game of Thrones, season 1. watch that whole playlist now and relive all the amazing game of throne Plus me five years ago. ahead, awesome long hair. the biggest show of the decade may finally be over, but there's a lot more awesome TV out there. and though recaps are gonna keep coming, so hit that subscribe button and stay tuned for more man of recaps. 