[Music], ten years after the trade Federation's invasion of Naboo, the Galactic Republic is threatened by the separatist movement organized by former Jedi Master Count Dooku. senator Padme Amidala comes to Coruscant to vote on a motion to create an army to assist the Jedi against this threat. narrowly avoiding an assassination attempt. upon arrival, she is placed under the protection of Jedi Knight obi-wan Kenobi and his apprentice, Anakin Skywalker. the two Jedi stop a second attempt on her life and subdue the assassin, azam Wessel a, shapeshifter who is soon killed by her bounty hunter client before she can reveal his identity. the Jedi Council assigns obi-wan to identify and capture the bounty hunter, while Anakin is assigned to escort Padme back to Naboo, where the pair develop a romantic attraction towards each other. Obi Wan's investigation leads him to the remote ocean planet Kamino, where he discovers an army of clones are being produced for the Republic, with bounty hunter Jango Fett serving as their genetic template. obi-wan deduces Jango to be the bounty hunter he is seeking, and he follows him and his clone son, boba, to the desert planet Geonosis, via a homing beacon placed on the ship. the slave one meanwhile, and it can becomes troubled by premonitions of his mother, Shmi, in pain, and travels to Tatooine with Padme to save her. they meet Owen Lars, Anakin stepbrother and the son of chemise new husband, klieg Lars. klieg tells Anakin that Shmi was abducted by Tusken Raiders weeks earlier and is likely dead. determined to find her, Anakin ventures out and find Shmi at the Tusken campsite, where she dies in Anakin's arms. enraged, Anakin massacres the Tuscans and returns to the Lars homestead with chemise body. after revealing his deed to Padme, Anakin says that he wants to prevent death on Geonosis. obi-wan discovers a separatist gathering led by Count Dooku, who obi-wan learns had authorized Padme assassination and is developing a battle droid army with Trade Federation viceroy nute Gunray. obi-wan transmits his findings to Anakin to relay to the Jedi Council, but his captured mid transmission. with knowledge of the droid army, Supreme Chancellor Palpatine is voted emergency powers to send the clones into battle. Anakin and Padme journey to Geonosis to rescue obi-wan, but are also captured. the three are sentenced to death, but are eventually saved by a battalion of Jedi and clone troopers led by mace Windu and Yoda. Jango Fett is killed by mace during the rescue. as the clone and droid armies battle, obi-wan and Anakin intercept Dooku, and the three gage in a lightsaber battle. Dooku injures obi-wan and severs Anakin's right arm. the Yoda arrives and duels Dooku. the battle ends in the stalemate, and Dooku flees to Khorasan where he delivers blueprints for a super weapon to sit master Darth Sidious. as the Jedi gravely acknowledged the beginning of the Clone Wars, Anakin is fitted with a robotic arm and secretly marries Padme on Naboo, with c-3po and r2d2 as their witnesses. [Music], 