Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an Australian, Slasher Horror film called House of Wax, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. Once upon a time when a group of young students decide to spend a long weekend enjoying a road trip but unknown to their surroundings they go to a place for a night and end up in a place where they shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be going. The movie starts in the year 1974, we see a lady boiling some wax and filling it in a mold, then we see a man bringing his son who seems to be very unrest, and then he ties him to a chair, they tie him in a brutal manner. In Present day, we see Two girls talking about finding a place for rent, Carley Jones, and Paige Edwards, they talk a bit, then Wade Felton, Boyfriend of Carley, arrives there he seems to be worried, Since, they're having some issues in their relationship after the arrest of Carley's brother. Then we see Paige going to see Blake Johnson, they both are dating. In the restaurant we see Nick Jones, visiting his sister with his friends, they all seem to be preparing for a road trip to a Football Game. Before leaving the group of friends record Paige and her boyfriend Blake to tease them a bit. They divide in two groups. As they drive, we see Wade Felton boyfriend of Carley are in the car with 2 Nick and a friend Dalton Chapman who likes to record everyone in his camera. As driving they see a detour on the road, so they take a different road. Soon as they try to take over their group, they see Paige and Blake enjoying a popsicle, they make fun of them for a bit then, they decide to pull over for the night, since they\xe2\x80\x99re tried and see a Wax Museum banner. Sooner, they stop around an isolated area and prepare to spend the night there. Upon arrival, Carley asks Paige if her boyfriend knows that she is pregnant, she denies, and Carley says they should talk about it. Then the group sets up the camp and boys play football, the ball goes to nick, and he throws it aggressively to group, it turns out Carley\xe2\x80\x99s brother does not like his sister\xe2\x80\x99s boyfriend. It is revealed that Nick tried stealing a car and Carley didn\xe2\x80\x99t knew about it, so she didn\xe2\x80\x99t lie to cover him while cops were looking for him. Later, Blake sees wind brining very bad smell, they speculate it\xe2\x80\x99s from Dalton, but soon they find out that the bad odour is coming from the woods, and something might be dead there. However, they decide to continue partying, Dalton records it all in his camera, Carley takes his cam and records him instead and he changes the clothes. He then takes the camera and records both the couples kissing and Nick sitting there like me. Sooner, a truck pulls over there and turns high beam lights on, they ask him to turn off his lights and Nick throws beer bottle to the right spot breaking it. The truck then reverses and decides to leave, boys encourage him. Later that night, we see someone sneaking on them with a camera while they\xe2\x80\x99re sleeping. Carley wakes up and she senses something and decides to wake her boyfriend Wade about the noise outside tent. She then bravely decides to go outside the tent, she walks a bit and turns around to find Wade standing behind her, he says it\xe2\x80\x99s too late and she should come back in tent. Next day they sleep till 2:30 in the noon and get ready to see their Football Game. The girls are in the woods taking a piss and they smell the same odour of dead animal; the boys discover fan belt of Wade\xe2\x80\x99s car is broken despite fact it being brand new. The girls decide to find the origin of odour, and Carley falls into a pit of rotting animal carcasses with flies all over, and she asks for help, as she tries to get up, she sees a human hand coming out of the pit. Wade and other boys come and rescue her, they see a truck and think it might be from last night, but the headlight is not broken. A man named Lester comes out and throws more dead animals in the pit, they ask him about the human hand in there, he goes and plucks it, and he laughs by saying it\xe2\x80\x99s not real. Wade ask him for a fanbelt, but it\xe2\x80\x99s 15 miles away. Nick decides to stay back in car in case someone tries to destroy it again and the group gets ready to leave. As Carley changes dirty clothes, Lester looks at her in a creepy way. Later, Wade and Carley are in the truck with Lester, he seems to be checking out Carley, Carley says there is very bad smell in the truck, which Lester replies, you will get used to it, she says, she can never get used to it, and he claims that you can get used to anything if you spend longer time around it. He then stops suddenly at a river bend and asks wade for help in making it out. Carley says they will go on their own from there, Lester seems disappointed, but he then agrees. The couple makes it to other end Lester looks at them in a creepy way, and they come across a small town, and Wade feels bad for being rude. Later, back to the woods, the group is stuck in traffic in Blake\xe2\x80\x99s truck. Carley and Wade walk in the town for a bit and go to the gas station, but find it empty, they get call from Paige that the group is coming back since there is a lot of traffic and they\xe2\x80\x99ll camp again tonight. Carley decides to go to the local church for help, there they see Bo Sinclair, they wait outside, and Bo comes out for a smoke, they talk to him, and he tells them that they interfered a funeral for a fanbelt and leaves. He then comes back and says he lost someone close to him and offers to help after half an hour near the gas station. Then they decide to visit Trudy\xe2\x80\x99s House of Wax, a museum that is made of wax and feature of the town. We see someone working on the wax statues, everything in there is made of wax, even the floor and walls, they browse for a bit, and wade sees a dog in there. Carley flips some wax dolls and finds Vincent watermark underneath it, then they see Vincent written on a chair, we can recall that in earlier scene in the movie a child was forced to sit on a chair, so it might be his chair. Carley looks in a mirror and sees someone starring. Wade goes to check it out and Carley stays inside waiting, she walks and goes to the kitchen and hears footsteps, she turns around and sees a lady, she runs, to wade outside and they leave. In the woods, Blake tells his friends that he wants to enjoy hormone sandwich so Nick and Dalton should go and pick up the group instead and he stays here. Bo does not show up so Wade decides to enter gas station and get the fanbelt, they couldn\xe2\x80\x99t find 15 inch belt so Wade decides to grab the 16 inch belt and Bo shows up and asks them if they\xe2\x80\x99re stealing it, wade says he left the money on the counter but they couldn\xe2\x80\x99t find the 15 inch belt which he replies I have one at my home and asks to pass by and get it. They walk and Bo tells them how few years ago everyone used to drive miles to the town just to see Trudy\xe2\x80\x99s House of Wax, she asks about who\xe2\x80\x99s Vincent?, he says they are not living there anymore after the owner Trudy got a cyst in her brain and she went crazy. Upon arrival, Wade wants to use washroom, so Bo and he goes inside, and Carley waits in the car. Bo goes upstairs to get the belt, Wade comes across a jar with animal fetus in it, and then he sees few masks in the room, Carley is bored so she comes out of Bo\xe2\x80\x99s truck and surprisingly she sees the headlight broken, recalling how a truck showed up to them a night ago, she presses horn to bring Wade out, but the light of house turns off. As Wade knocks, a hand from behind with scissors makes a cut in his leg, Wade crawls to a room but is soon he is knocked out by a masked man. Carley calls Blake to let them know about the pickup truck for help but they are busy in changing hormones. Bo comes out and she locks herself inside the truck, she says you\xe2\x80\x99re the guy from campsite and he breaks glass, she starts the truck kicks him out, as tries to leave but it gets stuck and Bo shows up, so she runs away. Dalton and Nick are on their way to pick them, the masked man then brings wade to a surgical room, and starts doing some weird things on him, shaving his eyebrows, and making stitches to the wound. Carley goes to the town and suddenly the town is lightens up. In the house, the masked man puts set of metal mold on Wade\xe2\x80\x99s face with strings in it and ties him up, screaming wade cannot move, he then showers him with boiling wax on his naked body, making him an alive statue of wax. Carley runs to church for help, However, soon she finds everyone inside it made of wax. Later, Bo enters the church while Carley is hidden, he catches her from behind and she runs outside the church, she sees a lady in a house but soon he abducts her. Dalton and Nick reaches the river bend and they decide to walk from there, Bo then strangles Carley on a chair and then he tapes her to the chair. Dalton and Nick arrive to the gas station but find it empty, they decide to go separate ways and look in every shop. Bo decides to use super glue to shut both lips of Carley, and she can\xe2\x80\x99t speak now, and then he leaves her in a locked room. Bo goes out and Nick is waiting there, and he asks him if he has seen his sister. Bo denies but Nick seems to speculate since this is the only gas station in town. Carley takes her finger outside drain for help, but Bo distracts Nicks and cuts it, as nick decides to walk, Carley tears her lips and screams for help, Bo then attacks nick, but nick overpowers him. And locks him outside, then he goes downstairs to Carley. As he sets her free. Dalton is seen entering The House of Wax, upon going inside, he looks for Wade and Carley, he looks for a bit and comes he then across Wade in his Wax coating, he starts taking wax off which also tears the skin apart, he is then attack by the mask man, but it cuts Wade instead, he then chases Dalton and soon catches up with him and pushes him down the stairs. And he then stabs him with knife also cutting his neck. Later, in gas station they hear Bo leaving in the truck, so they come up, they try to call cops, but line is not working. Carley speculates that everyone is turned into wax, she then takes him where she saw the lady in the house earlier to look for help. Nick tries to look through the window, and a lady moves the curtains, she is a statue rigged with a mechanism. In the woods, with loud music Paige starts getting ready for Hormone Sandwich, the music shuts off, so he goes out to play the music and hears a voicemail from Carley about the guy from the campsite. Later as Paige falls asleep, the masked man goes to attack her, she then runs and comes across Blake stabbed to the ground. Paige runs in the woods, and she goes and hides in a sugar mill, there she grabs a box of dead cellphones, then she grabs a pipe, as she walks, she is stabbed in the feet, she runs to a car, and hides in back seat, soon Masked man approaches the car, she attacks him with pipe, and runs, he then throws a metal pipe through her forehead killing her and then using Dalton\xe2\x80\x99s camera to record it. In the town, Carley claims the killer might be Vincent, brother of Bo. Nick is raging out and breaks the window to make noise, and grabs a weapon from a statue, then Bo shoots at them and they run and enter a theatre, they see dozens of people sitting on the chair watching a movie. Bo catches up to them and starts looking for them, Carley is pretending to be a statue, Bo shoots at her she dodges, and Nick shoots him with X-bow. As Bo comes out, Nick shoots again, and takes his gun which is empty now. Then they leave, Nick makes a plan to get the cellphone and call Paige and Blake, they go to his truck and look for cellphone, and couldn\xe2\x80\x99t find it. Then nicks makes a plan to rescue their friends. He then opens the back door of the museum, and they enter in it. Sooner Carley finds gun in a cage, having a lock on it, they look for a key so they can open it, Carley comes across childhood pictures of Bo and Vincent. Soon Bo enters the house injured, so they hide, Bo painfully takes out the X-bow. Sooner Vincent arrives with dead bodies of Paige and Blake. Bo then walks toward the window to see, Vincent enters the house, and he tries to help him, but Bo denies, and leaves while walking he comes across their picture on the floor and now, he starts looking for them. Nick catches up with Carley and she tells him that Paige and Dalton are dead, they go downstairs, Nick can\xe2\x80\x99t see anything so starts pressing the switches to get some lights. The Twin brothers notice this with creepy smile. Nick sooner finds body of Dalton with wax all over it, he tries to help but it breaks the neck of it. Soon, Vincent comes there, and Nick bravely starts attacking him. Nick then sees a tank of melted wax; he pulls the chains pulling it and that causes a fire in there. As they leave, they see Wade, and they come across Bo, they get into a fight, the fire starts burning down the place, Bo stabs nick with a knife, Carley takes a baseball bat and attacks Bo multiple times crushing his face. Vincent comes and sees his brother dead. Vincent then screams in pain from his brother\xe2\x80\x99s death, and he starts chasing Carley to top of the floor. The stairs are melting, and Nick tries to go up. Vincent breaks the melting wall, she tries to distract him with his brother\xe2\x80\x99s death, Nick makes it up on time, and attacks Vincent and takes his masks off, Carley takes the knife and stabs him, Vincent falls through the floor and land on Bo\xe2\x80\x99s corpse. They both try to make their way through the wall, the whole place starts melting down, but they make it out, before the place burning to the ground. The next day, the police and ambulance arrive there, the sheriff says the town was abandoned for 10 years and it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t even on the map, and they came here after tracing the smoke and fire. They take them to hospital. The sheriff gets information that Trudy\xe2\x80\x99s family didn\xe2\x80\x99t have two sons but three instead, and we see Lester waving at them with the dog. And the movie ends, let me know in the comments what would you have done. Please like &amp; subscribe it really helps the channel. 