I know it gets better. he's a missing FBI agent. that's a huge [ __ ] mistake. dollars. oh, okay. Oh, what's up everybody? Greg and Ryan here again, and we're doing a breakdown for Twin Peaks return, episode 13. now before we get started, make sure to hit that subscribe button. there's some other great things on this channel, including breakdown of Game of Thrones, preacher and Rick and Morty. all right, so for this episode, I felt the main theme was really about the relationships of the original Twin Peaks cast. if you were fan of the original cast and you're trying to figure out, where the hell are these people, this one was really for you. there was Ed and Norma's Shelly and her daughter that keep seeing with Nadine and Jacobi, Audrey and Charlie, and Sarah Palmer with her vodka companions. that student Sarah Palmer to where it's like looping the boxing match, repetition of boxing max. you can't tell if it's something going on in Twin Peaks, or if it's just Sarah Palin or herself just having a moment where she's just like, doesn't care. I'd like to keep on repeating and that sort of reference, again, to like, old boxing, like similar to, like, Bushnell Mullins, like little little things in there. the rabbit's by the television. and what we're debating is, may be Garban bozo sitting there on the table? any time there's something yellow and exclude, automatically everyone's like, garland boda-bodas. hey. you know what, though, I think that's fair, because that they seemed of suffering and green. and it's like the people, almost all the time, who are eating it, whether it's actually creamed corn or whatever, are people who are suffering. we saw that with Ed at the end. we see it with Sarah Palmer, and I'm sure there's something dark with Chad from the few episodes back. so we're past the two-thirds mark in the season, which means there's not a lot left. there's only five more after part 13, and depressed already. and you know what that also means is that for of the season, it's been dougie Joan. and very sadly, there were two things that happen in this episode that pushed the possibility of getting Dale Cooper back a little bit further away. one was the throwing away of the fingerprints report by the Fusco's, who just seems like they were doing good police work back in part 9. but no, they blew it. and then of course, the motion for norma to change her famous pie recipe, which is one of the top things people have been thinking would bring Dale Cooper back. unfortunately, no. but that means that it's also probably a good idea for us to get into our favorite segment, our weekly check-in with Joey Jones. let's do that. this episode starts off with an amazing Mitchum, dougie Andy's conga line where Anthony figures out that he's truly screwed. I think that might have been the best opening to an episode all season. it's like, it's fun, it's celebratory. is almost the part warming. I love it. twin peaks' e-tail. oh yeah. candy and the gang come bearing gifts from bush. no Mowen's in an awesome scene that's capped off with Mullins and Dougie receiving new cars. from there, Anthony runs into some Duncan Todd allied dirty cops, which one of them's played by Deerhunter and The Thin Red Line star John Savage. apparently, Anthony is looking for some poison. once again, the planning set has gone into the assassination attempts are comically stupid at every phase. Anthony's going to take judges to the stairwell somewhere and push him down the stairs, and that's it. it's the end of it. that's good. the next day, Anthony takes dougie out for some coffee with the intention to finally get rid of Todd's problems by spiking the coffee with poison. of course, this plan fails when dougie is transfixed on Anthony's dandruff. gross. somehow Anthony gets the feeling that Doug is on to him, and he can't take it anymore. this is capped off with Anthony agreeing to testify against Duncan Todd in court. now we'll see if it actually goes that far. Duncan Todd may just have fogarty Todd take care of Anthony. right? I don't really see like a Winkie courtroom drama fitting into the last five parts, as they're been off spin-off. I do want to add though, that Tom Sizemore is freaking great in this episode. like the whole time, I think we've been sort of thing like, what's he doing here? doing here? and he brings it in. he his meltdown is delicious cookies. I love it. thank good it's been a little while, but after a few episodes without him, we finally returned to a solid dose of mr. C. first off, we're in western Montana, which means mr. C is drawing ever closer to 20. the sequence takes place in a large, empty warehouse, recalling Reservoir Dogs that belong to some sort of a narco syndicated gang whose hierarchy is determined by arm wrestling. here Lynch's absurdist style is in full effect. there are a ton of gang members, yet there is nothing else but space. there's no product or weapons, no stolen goods or large quantities of cash, the tropes of organized crime. this could easily be Lynch continuing to toy with the professional inadequacy of his criminals. of course, they're none of those things, because they are completely incompetent. what does that account even need to account for? DNA? DNA, money? No. [Music]. in the warehouse, mr. C is confronted by a horde of criminals that inform him that he needs to win in a one round, winner-take-all armwrestling match with the group's strongest arm wrestler. failure would spell death for Cooper, and a win means he gets ready. the match itself is bizarre, as mr. C toys with his opponent metronomic Lee, returning to starting positions before progressing with the match, which culminates with a brutalized dead body. yeah, I thought that guy's arms gonna fly will [ __ ] right off like in the fly. my didn't remember yet. another almost Cronenberg's reference. yeah, but I thought more over the top machine, except, again, recalling Reservoir Dogs. the scene concludes with Cooper interrogating rave for information. we learned a few things here. Rey was given the LK ring to put on Cooper after he was dead. he gives mr. C the coordinates from Hastings secretary that he's been looking for, tells him that Phillip Jeffries is at the Dutchman and that they wants something's inside Cooper. obviously, I think Rey is talking about they wanting Bob, which has been alluded to in my previous conversations, but didn't this is tying Phillip Jeffries closer to the Black Lodge. and the question is, what is the separation between the Black Lodge and the woodsman, who are clearly backing Bob? where Cooper again, we have to address the fact that Richards was also in this scene, which seems to be a look of recognition on his face. I mean, there's something there. well, might not be a father-son thing, but there is something. speaking of references to Tarantino and Reservoir Dogs. there's also a scene where Chantel and Hutch are driving through Utah, and they're having this like perfectly, you know, Tarantino Espinel hitman conversation about Mormons. and I actually really like that. but we're getting in as part of the series, is that Frost and Lynch are incorporating their appreciation of Tarantino into their American Gothic style. it's double nd, not a quick, yet charming scene, we get Nadine and Jacoby meeting for the first time, apparently, in seven years. yeah, this was a scene. those men, those drapes are completely hi. this is my tribute to you, doctor in that scene was so goddamn adorable to me. I mean, just the blocking itself. you have the way the three such as silently feed back and forth. you get the reflections of everybody and the life. it's kind of awesome. I don't know if you pending boom in the background there, but it's really, really cool. I think it might be impending doom that shovels going to have to get used on somebody at some point. check off shovel. check out shovel. something else though, that I'd like to point out is that, you know, we do see, we'll talk about they get a little bit later. but, you know, Nadine and Big Ed were married. there's definitely a little spark between Nadine and dr. Jacoby. and we're not actually totally sure what's going on. it's possible she got back together with Mike, so there could be like a Nadine love triangle quadrangle thing going on here. hopefully this isn't the only payoff we get for Jacobean ad but it could be. but it's so sweet nice. I'm okay with that. this is the last time you see those two, and let's hope it stays sweet and nice. this is the water, and this is so, well, moving on. last week, we got a bunch of comments from you guys on YouTube and Twitter about the current state of Audrey Horne cools. Caroline on the youtube comment said, I read somewhere that Audrey is actually in a mental institution resulting from injuries sustained in the explosion evil coupe raping her. and Charlie is actually her doctor, and that's why she can't slash, won't go to the road. has on her own. the contract they have is her institutionalization might also explain why Ben never talked about her, and why the cops didn't contact her about all Richards activities. I don't know. it kind of works. now, are you going to stop playing games, or do I have to end your story to Jenna, you had my curiosity, now you have my attention. it's safe to say that something really strange is going on in that office. Audrey's frightened, hysterical demeanor and the feeling that it looks like Charlie's trying to keep Audrey in that room. it's really tough to say it's all in her head and that she's still in a coma, because she talks about Billy. we know that there's a Billy missing out there. I don't totally subscribe to the therapists theory. we talked about how it seemed like, you know, people, at least after the previous episode, were just trying to rationalize what they didn't want to believe. Mike, that true about Audrey Horne, that she's married to this guy and it's a miserable marriage. you want to believe anything else than the story we got right now. and I think that actually, this scene in part 13 actually gets weird enough that it makes the therapists theories seem too normal. and now it could be on the same thing. she could be, you know, trapped in another space-time, you know, her she doesn't know where the Roadhouse's seems weird. and almost everything that's said is a little bit confusing. George Fitzhugh and the YouTube comments said, maybe Audrey is trapped in her own version of the Black Lodge. sure. I mean, could be. there's definitely something that we don't have yet. in part 13, the double are brought more disturbance to us than the comfort of its cherry pie and coffee. but before we get too disconcerted, let's welcome back Big Ed Hurley to the series. Big Ed is presumably the former husband of Nadine, early and high school sweethearts and Norma Jennings. season two left us with Nadine getting back together with it, but it's clear that 25 years later, there are still deep feelings between him and Norma. after a brief imposition by Bobby Briggs, a further imposition brings a businessman named Walter to Norma's makeshift office. here we learn that the double r has been sold out as a franchise and now has several locations, all of which have inferior but more profitable hi Walter pushes Norma to tweak her famous recipe and to rename the diner with her name. it's clear that this is not the conversation she wanted to have. Norma, you're a real artist, but love doesn't always turn a profit. the capper report is that Walter asks her out to dinner, and she accepts, with Richard Edie Hurley observing from the background. now I'm just expecting advocate Walter Zack, I think we could see that coming. he definitely does not seem to be a Content human being. he did not look happy. he looked very unhappy. not so easy. that scene is so painful. and for everybody playing at home, that recipe change puts the chances of getting Dale Cooper back on the same note. if you're playing at home and you predicted a return of James Hurley, well, [Music], okay, I don't mind saying I find that song cringe-worthy, and I'm not a big fan of it. I respect everybody who loves it, has their swing picks. is Belgian, but I, like, I can't get behind it. shout out to read it, though, because every single week people made the joke that they should have James Hurley sing that song at the Roadhouse as a joke. no one ever expected it. oh, and there was that great meme that was repurposing the song for the part eight, like, theater with theater is senorita Dido. oh my god, that was hilarious. and then he's also like, making eyes at a girl sitting at the table, the same girl who was, what's bad? a girl a table with Shelley. and Shelley says, [Music], all right, now let's get to some of the Easter eggs and a few other like comments and theories we have. let me talk about so we brought up everything on dougie Jones, but we didn't talk about so many gems playset. now, the background music that plays in that scene is Tchaikovsky's Dance of the song from Swan Lake. so it's two things really out of that. you have the first with the Russian state wide news organizations that would run this on loop during times of political change of people, or also very winning leader dies, until they figure out what they want to do, they would just play Swan Lake on loop over and over and over again. so you know something bad is going on if you're seeing this one way. also, the original plot of Swan Lake is about a woman who is captured by an evil sorcerer. her only means of escaping is for a prince to declare his love for her. Siegfried, the prince, falls in love with Odette, but is tricked into declaring his love for her double the black swamp. when Odette and Siegfried realized they've been tricked, they killed themselves. the plot was changed in the 1920s. in this new happy ending, Siegfried battles the sorcerer and went siegfried and indebt live happily ever after. that's actually interesting though, that the original thought of Swan Lake actually has something eerily in common with the themes of 24 Returns doubles. the other thing worth bringing up in that scene is the spotlight that's playing across the playground. well, sonny jim is playing. that sort of is a reoccurring motif throughout Twin Peaks about Bob. and usually when you see a spotlight, that means ain't good coming. more foreshadowing for Janie and sunny Jim, probably bad stuff. in episode 12, we missed a little Easter egg on the monitor on Miriam hospital bed. the doctor's name is Henry Lawson. Lawson is a famous Australian writer and Bush poet. he's well known for his short stories. Lawson himself was a firm believer in the merits of the sketch. and then, you know, something else from the from part 12 as well, where there was something that kind of went over my head, but Ben Horne is, you know, stealing guilt over Richard killing, our almost killing Miriam tells Beverly that he wants to pay for her hospital bills. and he completely forgets her last name, which I feel like is with an in-joke to her last name, being different in the credits and being different on the envelopes of chad's bills. I want you to arrange to pay for all of Miriam. I don't even remember her last name, but they'll, they'll know who she is. they're really shooting the scene, and they're like, okay, please don't line up, just so you don't remember. there's a nice little shout out to the costume designer, Nancy tonight. and the cool slip-and-fall acclaim open on Anthony's desk, always talking to Duncan Todd on the phone. and finally, this isn't an easter egg, but it needs to be brought up again. and the final scene, big Ed's reflection glitches out. it's really mine. ooh, yes. but you almost can't see it. it doesn't happen for any apparent reason either, like there's nothing motivating it. there's a car going by. the glitch happens right about as the car is passing. and it doesn't seem like it's a VFX fix for anything. it doesn't look like a continuity. so this is intentional. it looks very intentional. in fact, I think you can almost argue that big I was working up. notice that is reflection glitched. and that is totally possible. from the way he looks, his reaction seems like possible a disability. and we've seen, you know, several glitchy type things throughout the show. sometimes we think it might just be a continuity or or dealing with maybe a shortage of coverage, but this is an intentional, you got the windows on the airplane, you got the doorknob glitch. also, last week we got a hand glitch, right? and actually, you know, before we were really tracking these things, if you go way, way back, when mr. Cooper kills so the safe thing for head glitches as she falls to the ground. so there's something wrong. also, speaking of things that can seem out of whack at times, is the timelines going on in the show? yeah. and for a long time, I kind of thought that the different timeline series didn't quite make a lot of sense. and in this episode, we got two specific references to time. one is when Bobby Briggs comes into the Double R and he says that they found the notes from major Briggs that day. and since we're in part 13, that's back in part 9 that they got the notes. so those days lining up definitely shows that there's some weird things going on the time. and then also, as another reference back to part 9, the Fusco brothers lifted the fingerprints in part 9, and finally get the results back now. but the specific time reference there is that they also say that Cooper broke out of prison two days ago. so in it's not so much this is creating multiple timelines as it is tying a lot of them closer together, I feel like. and there's just a few hanging items that seem like at a place, like the popular question about, what's up with the insurance man in the first episode. yeah, we don't know, Jeff, yet. they're going to really pull this back on it and have a whole thing where's most of this stuff takes place with different timelines. we're not wealthy. I don't think it's going to be that crazy. but I also don't think that you can say between the occurrences in Twin Peaks take place in 1/6 separate timeline. and I think we're actually seeing, you know, different scenes taking place at different times. and then, of course, people think there's something up with the road has, but we're going to go into that, actually, I think after the season is over, and try and cover a feature that's a little bit more comprehensive. thanks everyone for watching. again, let us know if we missed anything in the comments section down below. and as always, you can hit us up on Twitter. our handles are in the description. alright, guys. see you next week. 