so why are you going to kill rick sanchez? okay, i don't know who that is. i don't accept your weird leap and logic that has everyone on the train going to kill one guy. i told you, if you found me again, identify yourself. i didn't know it was you. how did you not recognize me? didn't you create the disguises? why can't we find the engine? it's not a real train. it's a story device. literally. tickets, please, dude. i'm sure you've got like so many tickets at this point here. and the engine must be here. i'll have to rig us a couple of spacesuits that start failing around here. great job, morty, the feminist masterpiece matrix space. frasier, let's get this fight over with, nerd. i've got [ __ ] to do. do we have to fight him? i don't want to. we surrender. we're not fighting your egg. don't worry, morty, nothing up there is canon. here you go. what's happening? the reason i brought you here, i'll now fuel my anthology with your limitless potential propellant. i trusted you. don't blame others for your bad decisions. [Music]. there's always someone there for us who my best friend and personal savior. jesus christ. what you don't believe in? god? born again. jesus's name, we pray. amen. damn. oh, my lord and my god. no, get the [ __ ] out of here. what's gonna happen to storylord? he gets to spend eternity in every writer's hell, the bible? i don't know. so what do you think? wow, where did you get this thing? the citadel of rick's gift shop. so proud of you. i only wish you could have bought more. i i love buying things so much. morty, rick, that was sweet. thank you. i love you. wanna get the [ __ ] out of here. father of almonds, give me blood beyond. hey, what the [ __ ]? morty? the train you got me just completely derailed itself. buy another one. morty. consume morty. nobody's out there shopping with this [ __ ] virus. i remember i was ugh in a cave, looking at some wet egg and, oh, that probably did it. i told you. okay, yeah, this might be a little harder than i thought. come on, hurry up. seems like a self-destructive life cycle. is that going to happen to us. looks like i'm kind of a celebrity around here. the future is warzo. i did this, you and the amazing technology you both brought us. yeah, makes sense. why haven't you blinked, uh, for 20 minutes? and why, uh, doesn't your mouth move when you talk? i hate this. i hate all of this. yeah. keep that feedback coming. it can only help. [Music], summer was with us there. summer. shouldn't we be finding summer? oh, right, sorry. empress is everything all right? um, seize them. what the [ __ ] took you so long? you left me here. we didn't know you were with us. the punishment is death. [ __ ] summer, you had a plan. silence. shut up. yes. place them in the car and we shall drive away from here and die. she's trying to escape with her family. my time to shine. maybe we, uh, maybe we don't tell people about this one. this is that morning. it's full circle from the pilot. full circle. oh, i guess we, uh, i guess we both just had to take a [ __ ] family. my time to shine. [Applause]. maybe we, uh, maybe we don't tell people about this one. this morning, it's full circle from the pilot. full circle. oh, i guess we, uh, i guess we both just had to take a [ __ ] anything goes wrong, which it won't, jump into the same vet of acid i jumped. it's the fat, a fake acid amongst the real ones. it's got air hoses and a compartment of bones at the bottom. show them the crystals. morty, i'll make lots of money with these. i'll make lots of those with these. well, those are fake. this is [ __ ] blue. that's right. we're screwed. let's just end it quick. death. come on. oh, man. just admit it was a shitty idea having a grandson. that a fake acid. are you dying of dementia? oh, my video game style place-saving device. oh my god, sounds good. or maybe i'll just kill you. what? because i [ __ ] did it? explain. or you want to go have some fun? i want to have some fun. oh, my god. [Music], which is great. but then i started wondering, what am i living for? what am i building? if i'm always looking back, i'm never looking ahead. over it's not a do-over. you just did it over and over. what are you saying? what did you do? it wasn't so much a do-over as it was isolating a moment in time, splitting your probable selves and shunting you into a near-duplicate, equally probable reality, transporting you into it at the moment of parallel determination. every time you relive the satisfying fart, that's how many mortys you've incinerated, you greedy little listen to me explain in great scientific detail how it all works, or you could have fun. let me just sync these up and get you back to your dimension. wait, so so you're not even my rick, then, then why do you know about the vet? every rick has a vat. please step back. that bat is full of acid. it'll melt you completely, leaving only your bones. don't ever make fun of me again, ever. all right, come on, morty. let's go home. wait, what? what kind of parents drag their kids away for the entire week of spring break? i met someone. just kill me, grandpa, rick, you can kill anything. grandpa's ghosting someone. i'm not ghosting. hey, give it back summer. nick. please answer me. i'm proud. can we turn the radio on? i am not letting you abandon those kids like you abandoned me. where is she? you're looking at her. i [ __ ] the planet. hey, uh. gaia, baby, big daddy rick is here. what's the problem? i'm coming. kids need father. yeah. um. baby, quicks how big is your orbit? again? do it. at least do it right. gaia, baby, gonna need a little raw iron and steam. whatever you need. baby, summer, morty, go camp with your father. you've been high roading us non-stop, forcing us to do nothing in the middle of [ __ ] nowhere, because it's the only way you're gonna level the playing field. isn't it unproductive? yeah. dj's foodies, if [ __ ] will hold the human resources department. kids may not be mine, but you definitely are. look at you, my little steampunk. okay, here we go. [Applause]. it's good to see you, baby, rick. the kids i messed up. you are not their father. kidding me? god is the father. i think you should go seriously. you really want this pile of dry ice to raise your kids? you label these creatures unproductive, but i have given them more purpose than ever. please not in front of the kids see my true form. the clouds were simply a shape, more appealing to gaia's mind. just admit this is about you wanting to feel needed. fine. school's in [ __ ], oh, are we dead? did we die? i don't ever want to be high again. rose, you saved grandpa's life. i [ __ ] love you so much. what did you do? okay, yeah, she's pissed. i mean, you killed her slam piece. grandpa. well, kids, never thought i'd say this, but summer, you were right. wait, what? i thought i wanted to teach you guys about tents, but really, i just wanted to feel important. my name is beth smith. tell your top bugs the defiance lives on break. don't you ever miss her. i don't have to miss it. i'm technically still there. my dad made a perfect clone of me to take my place, i'm sure. unless you want me to remove the proximity triggered device from your neck, i think it's a bomb. honey, you're back. you seem surprised. and whip me up a reason not to kill you, dad. dad, the device in her neck would have transferred a database of her memories to your device before vaporizing her. so much for that plan. she is a copy of you. if she ran back to that dingleberry. that's on you. so we overrode the game. we came back to murder you, not get your notes. but i'll remember to fart more while i'm saving the galaxy. everybody in the galaxy tries to take over the galaxy. the trick is to be left alone by whoever succeeds, the galactic federation will blow up the planet, unless some woman with a very boring game gives her oh, [ __ ]. they're going to track down beth ray, beth's clone. what did i say? it really was nice seeing you again. as much as i'd like to kill you, my superiors have some questions about the defiance. oh god, i'm a clone, tammy. this is the office where my family works to better itself. he told me you're the clone. what do you think? he told me, no, this is bad parenting. but if you stop fighting, you both get mcdonald's, whatever. take them both. you made me go to a wedding and you killed my best i'm gonna rescue your mom and her clone without revealing which is which. you two find the nx5 and shut it down. it is now. phoenix person, you're working for them. [Music]. step back. you're not killing him till we kick his ass. fired, i was told you were dead. i'll forgive you for abandoning us if you let me drive it. oh, works for me. i was just gonna give you space. cigarettes. what's this? dad, the memory of which beth is real and which beth is a clone? obviously you mind blue yourself. you you literally don't even know which of your daughters is real. you got to at least want to know who your real mom is. not really, rick, we have two badass moms now. that's kind of [Music] a terrible father. [Music], 