listen, I think what does have some of the best scenes of the year. this thing is such a high combo price for me that I had to make a Wyatt works video on it, you know, that I take it seriously. so it's definitely one of those that I highly recommend going to go watch right and considering that it might last. why it works. video. people kept tweaking about spoilers. here's a big spoiler warning, cuz, yes, in order to talk about why a movie works, I'm gonna talk about what works in the movie. let me explain. so this is actually based off of a miniseries from back in the 80s that even had a third season spin-off that followed it up in the 90s. in a sense, it's everything oceans 8 wasn't. Steve McQueen and Gillian Flynn got together for the movie version of widows that follows four dudes going on a major heist, played by pretty big characters, and then they die minutes into the movie, hence why we focus on the widows. now, the first thing McQueen does a great job with is how he subverts practically every expectation. you know, we're so used to seeing Michelle Rodriguez being the tomboy, the tough chick, the one who's always furious. and here she owns a dress shop. and even as one of the most emotional cries in the movie, Elizabeth the Becky's always the model type Bond girl, right? there's never a scratch on her no bruises. she's usually typecast for her Heights. and here she's the most belittled character, getting abused and beat by her mother and her lover. and we have Iola Davis, who always commands a screen, always is the fiercest one, the stern leader of the group, doubting herself. my man went for the range on all of these actors. on top of that, I'm fully investing my stocks on Brian's Henry, Henry before he becomes a household name. you know, he's already proven himself. he's already getting a little bit of hype. but I'm calling her right now, before you see this man cast and absolutely everything. here. he's playing a politician who was running against Colin Farrell's character for the southside of Chicago. and he has kalui Oh, who's playing the scariest hit man since this dude right here. I mean, this guy made you flip a coin. Daniel made his victims sing. the Colin's character also has his own cheat codes to win, since his racist dad is already embedded in. so it ends up becoming kind of like a political thriller that's going on as well. but the reason this group of women gets drawn in is because their husbands stole this guy's money. and in order for them to move on, they gotta steal this dude's money. and I was surprised how this movie was funny. like, yeah, it's a crazy scenario of having housewives turn into master thieves, but humor that McQueen is able to bring in is what makes all of those emotional scenes and all the metaphorical reflections of each character hit that much harder. because I hated the trailer so much, this is for guns, guns from where figured out that is not how it's delivered in the movie at all. like, I get that the marketing team wanted a pitch a thriller, right? and and it is. but it's way more than that. it's nuanced. and that way you don't blow at the box-office. see, one of the best shots in the movie is such a subtle one, and I would argue it's one of the best of the year. I don't have the clip for it, so it's even more reason for you to go catch this in theaters. but it's this long take involving Colin Farrow getting into his car after he gave a speech in the south side of Chicago. and all it really does is have the camera on the hood of the car, panning from the left side to the right side as he goes from one community that's struggling to just find a job to a gated one that's literally a couple blocks away. and the fact that screenwriter Gillian Flynn lives in Chicago adds to the fact that she kind of understands the city. her and McQueen even talking to a bunch of Chicagoans while they were writing this, from the north to the south side, to get their perspectives, shows how it sounds like they are to the city, unlike other movies out there. and it's those little things that make the movie. I look at the way the film begins with me in bed with Liam Neeson, and we're kissing, and it's a sexualized kiss. and Here I am, I'm dark, I'm 53, I'm in my natural hair. and I'm with Liam Neeson. I'm with what America would consider to be a hunk. and he's not my slave owner. I'm not a prostitute. it's not trying to make any kind of social or political statements. we simply are a couple in love. most critics, I will say, most cinephiles, will probably not even acknowledge that as anything novel. oh, I notice, it's an interesting perspective, because I don't believe, personally, that a director has to explain their work since, you know, I think that's why they made the movie, to express how they feel, to show it to you. but I do agree with Viola that critics and audience members have a responsibility, or at least the opportunity, to be the people who discuss what it means to them. that's why I love explaining movies. you know, it's not just a breakdown plot, but to let me explain my emotions while watching it, what worked, what did it, what was missed or can be interpreted. so for the society people who hate explanations, not everyone's daddy paid for the NYU tuition. I'm with Viola on a critics responsibility. in fact, I think that the biggest impact comes from the things that purposefully are given the least attention. like Davis mentioned, the relationship between her and Neeson isn't progressive. it's just the norm. it's the main character in eighth grade having acne, without it having to be this big Hannah Montana plot point that gets all the focus. it's just showing you that it's normal for teens to not look like Disney Channel stars. everyone's always quick to complain about CGI, right? but what's crazy about it is that a majority of the artists, the CGI artists, who are doing a great job. in order for them to show you that, you have to not notice it, because then that means that their work is blending in. it's searchings lead being an American dad who loves his daughter viola being no different of a casting choice than Sandra Bullock, except, you know, getting cast in the better movie. I get why people do those random MOV statistics, because, you know, they want to emphasize on something that isn't the norm. but I personally feel, as I see with this movie, treating it like it just is the norm is how you make it the norm. biggest negatives for me of the movie would probably be the overly drawn-out explanations. and I don't even want to blame McQueen on that. I just feel that because he now has more money, that's being a big studio film, the studio kind of made him do those things for the audience, you know, the same way that they shifted the tone for the trailers. but even if you didn't care about all the little details, right? if you just came in here for the thriller, heist movie that you were pitched remember, this man has fought terrorists, wolves, Nazis. bring got nothing against that. these four big twists in the movie is that this was all his plan, right? like to screw around with the politicians and even with his own wife and all of the other widows there, in order for him to be able to escape and run away. a twist I came directly from the miniseries. and as great as that ending is, where Veronica finally learns to stand on her own and she kills them, it's gonna be interesting to maybe even see a sequel about it. Flynn wants to revisit these characters, which make sense. and again, it's based off of a series, but I think it would be the perfect counterpart to the new oceans franchise that doesn't rely on George Clooney coming back from the dead. I think there's room for both, right? like as much as people think that I hate the oceans movie, the new one, because they didn't actually listen to the video and just wanted to get mad in the comments, they have different approaches, and I'm all cool for that. but for all of those who were giving praises to the ocean movie without even watching it and giving it all this merit, have y'all met Widow's cuz this movie does what that movie showed up. Flynn said she wanted to focus on Jax win for the sequel, on what happens when people stop giving him pity and realize all of his racist father's hidden secrets. and you guys know, I'm always up for a good miniseries, so I'd be down to seeing that story go to HBO, where it can live alongside flims other adaptation. but regardless of if they'll continue it or not, what I do know is that widows stands on its own. it shows you that females don't need a man's hand-me-down to make their own franchise. and that it doesn't matter if you're Liam Neeson. never do something to betray your wife cuz she'll have no problem calling herself a widow real quick. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. your thoughts down below in the comment section, they said this was supposed to be the movie to unite all of phone Twitter, and I personally agree. I don't know anyone who hasn't liked this movie per se. but Kirsten, are your thoughts about it? did you see it? this thing is like tanking from what I saw for opening weekend. so I highly implore you guys to go see it. I know some of you need spoilers, and that that's completely fine. you want to know what you're paying for. and I'm telling you right now, hopefully I sold it for you, go check it out. for the rest of you, I'm curious to know if it worked for you. if it didn't, it personally did for me. and one of my favorite parts about it is just, literally all of the interviews dealing with Viola Davis. this woman, she's got the e got almost right. she's just missing that Grammy. so I don't know she's got a some someone get her an audio book to voice. oh, she can get that. just hearing her talk about all the things that she does is fantastic. the way that she says that no one should be su in show business. she even quotes Denzel saying that show business should be called a business show. it's all the stuff I always say on YouTube with her. you guys, you know about YouTube, it's a game. it's a, it's a game of YouTube, the different things that you guys have to do in order to make it work. and I tried to slip in those things little by little. just hearing Viola Davis talk about from the acting perspective, I highly employ you guys to check all that stuff out on that. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll help you get away with murder. 