in the eyes of others, this is a carton of milk. in his eyes, this is the key to escape. opening the milk carton, it has a thin film of wax inside. tear off this layer of film and wash it. quietly, put on the code lock of the cell door. so when the prison guard enters the password, his fingerprints will print on the film. then, tearing off the film, he can identify the key code. after 24 permutations and combinations, the next step is to try the password. how can he touch the code lock? he squeezed toilet paper into small balls. keep squeezing toothpaste. and he did it so many wrap it in a piece of paper, knead it tightly, a big, sticky ball is ready. when the prison guards helped him on handcuff, he quietly stuffed it into the small hole in front of the door. the prison guard locked the small door. he can also open it with one push. reach out from the small window to try the password. he had to try right up to 24 times quickly. but in order not to be seen by surveillance, he had to know the whereabouts of the prison guards in advance. he listens to the sounds outside all the time. he can know by the sound of closing and opening doors. after the prison guards sent him back to the cell. every day they will go out to smoke and chat together. so there are seven minutes a day no one is in the monitoring room at this time. this is the loophole he was looking for. but what to do after leaving the cell? he knows all successful escapes, there must be three elements familiar with the rules and layouts. and there is a refund outside. he saw through the pattern before, and he figured out the layout. early in the morning every day. he watched everywhere when he was in jail. then he found that there is a weak point this formidable prison. that's the fire station next door to the prison. the only problem is only the location of the little black room is close to it. so he took the initiative to cause trouble. he was punished by prison guards in a small black room. so when he tried out the password, leave the little black room, find the ventilation pipe that connects to the fire station. he climbed in. while the prison guards neglected their duties, he crawled out of the ventilation pipe next to them. then, coming to the fire station, quickly change into the firefighting suit. here. at this time, the third element is needed, a response. make an appointment with an outside partner, detonate a car. at this point in time, when there is a fire, the fire truck will be dispatched. he hides under the fire truck. follow the truck to the location of the incident. come out from the bottom of the car. everyone is in a hurry. no one will notice him. then he got in a companion's car. jailbreak successfully. exactly. he is not a criminal. he is a jailbreak master. he is employed by the federal bureau of prisons to test the safety of each prison with the highest security level nationwide. the test method is going in the prison with a false identity, then escape from that on his own. in seven years, he has tested 15 highest level prisons. none of them let him fail. until this day, people from the cia came to him. they said that there is a mysterious prison. it specially detains bad guys that no country is willing to accept. the cia wants to test the safety of this prison, but they don't even know where it is. this is very dangerous. this man agreed. soon it will be the day to be arrested, before the departure, they put a gps locator in his arm. coming outside, the man was arrested. but he didn't expect these people are surprisingly violent. he knocked him down with a stun gun. first they used a knife to pick out the one in his arm. finally, they put a sedative in his neck to make him faint. when he woke up, he met a warden in a suit into leather shoes. the man can't stand it. he said the order was too violent, and he told the warden to let him go. he didn't expect the warden to ignore still locked him up. it turns out that the warden has already colluded a guy who wants to murder the man. they wanted to keep the man here for a lifetime. this is the strictest prison in the world. everyone's cell is tempered glass. prisoners are transparent and visible. any their small actions can be seen. the traditional digging method is totally unworkable in here. all people closed indoor. no one can get the sun. the number of prison guards is several times that are prisoners. they are fully armed. the mask prevents them from talking to the prisoners to avoid revealing their true identities. the monitors are hundreds of thousands. and this kind of round monitor ball moved anytime take a picture of whoever it was. and the confinement room is more terrifying. it always locked him. you can't open your eyes. it's hotter than sauna. that's really suffering in the literal sense. the man is suffering here. he tried to observe the structure of the confinement room, trying to find a way to crack wait for him to come out. he has collapsed. then he finally found the loophole he wanted. that's right, the nail on the floor. he has a plan. you can't escape without a helper. old rules are to make friends. before the man smiled, someone has come to meet him first. he is also an old, muscular man. his name is arnold. he seems to see the man's ability. arnold asked him if he needs help. as soon as he comes. the man said he want a piece of metal. arnold said, it's impossible. the man said he won't make friends with arnold if arnold don't give it to him. so arnold managed to get himself to the interrogation room. he frantically mucked the warden. the warden is angry. let the prison guards punish him with water torture. they used a hose to pour water into arnold's mouth. dozens of seconds later, he almost drowned. but at this moment, he also got the interrogation rooms the cover of the drain. arnold gave that to the man. after he's done, the man saw him very well. he told him the true identity of his prison escape master and told him his insights. it turned out that he found the internal structure of this prison is almost always vertical. this shows that his prison is probably underground. and there is the sound of water underground in the confinement room. he speculates that there is a water pipe. there must be a way up. when they went back to the confinement room, they planned and backed it. arnold pinched a piece of bread into his hand. their fight soon attracted prison guards. they were all locked up in a strong light confinement room. as soon as he comes in, the man took out the drain cover that arnold gave him. he reflected the strong light on the nail. wait, why does this thing reflect light? it turned out that he polished it with toothpaste before dozens of seconds later, the high heat of 100 degrees expanded the steel nails by 0.03 cubic centimeters. the man quickly picked it. after getting it done, he put that piece of bread into his mouth. at the same time, he signaled to let arnold attract attention. arnold started yelling. the warden turned to him. the man stood up immediately. he sticked the chewed bread on the camera. it blocked the camera's side. then he lifted the floor, climbing down. he came to the underground space, climbing up the water pipe. wait for him to climb to the top. he opened the lid and came out. he was stunned. this is not under the ground, as he guessed, but above is the endless ocean. he is on the deck of a giant oil tanker, and there are guards everywhere. jumping into the sea is useless. he can only go back, although he knew the location, but he can't think of a way to escape. locked in the middle of the sea, it's hard to fly with wings. misfortunes never come simply. the warden found the nail. he discovered the man's prison escape attempt. he started to torture him. as long as the man sleeps, the prison guard knocked they didn't let him sleep. wait until he is so sleepy that he faints. the prison guards came in and beat him. as a result, the man is groggy every day. he fainted at every turn. he had to report to the doctor. the doctor couldn't help him. but even so, the man wasn't knocked down either. wait for them to stop torturing he started to think of a way again. when it's time to eat every day, he always secretly making jailbreak tools under the table, two spectacle lenses, a ballpoint pen, a piece of cardboard, plug in a glass tube, this thing that came out. it's specially used for position measurement. then they got a new teammate. let him pretend to deal with the warden in exchange for the opportunity to worship on the deck. come to the deck. just use the sextant given by the man to calculate the position. when the man got the data, he immediately saw that the ship was in the windless latitude. he observed that the toilet flushing was counterclockwise. so they are in the northern hemisphere, he judged by the warm and humid climate. this is probably on the coast of morocco. in africa. the next step is to find someone to help them deliver the message. the man remembered the doctor who was always unbearable. so he let an oscar hit him. he came to the doctor and asked for stitches. he pretended to be sick again. after a while, vomiting in front of the doctor. sure enough, the doctor was so distressed. then he revealed his true identity to the doctor. he asked the doctor to check. soon the doctor finally had a conscience. he decided to help him escape. he sent their emails asking for support, sent to arnold subordinates. everything's ready. it's finally time to escape. late this night, the warden saw the man beating on the wall. he eavesdropped on the signal from the man, there will be right in the sea zone tomorrow morning. the warden decisively dispatched. so much guards forced to encircle seat zone. but this is actually the man's trap. he just wants the guards to gather to one place. so there are only two left in his place, the real right begins. companions set off a chaos. two gang started fighting. the upper guard fired at the lower, but he was knocked down by the man who synced up. they climbed all the way up, follow the pipe to climb to the deck. unexpectedly, this gate is an electronic lock. they can't open it. the man decided to go to the power supply room to cut off the electricity. but this means he will be kept. he has no choice. go down to the power supply room. when he controls the computer to turn off the circuit, arnold can open the door as expected. he finally came to the deck. the corresponding plane has a right. he just approached the plane. enemies swarmed. arnold refused to leave because his companions hasn't arrived yet. so he took down the machine gun. he looked cold. this legendary man immediately transformed into a cold-blooded killing weapon. on the other side, the warden blocked the man in the power supply room. he is not in a hurry because the man cannot escape. but the strange thing is, he didn't find the man for a long time. at this time, the power supply is restored. he suddenly heard the water tank starts to flush automatically. his smile fades away. he actually forgot this necessary step. and the man is really in the water. tank. he is flushed away, following the water tank. he was washed to the bottom of the sea. arnold just found him. go down and pick him up. the warden also came to the deck. he saw the man on the ladder shooting directly. life and death are at this moment. arnold threw a pistol down. the man catched it, steadily fire a few shots, took the oil tank under the warden. the warden looked down. he had nothing to said, then disappeared into the fire. after a while, they came to the coast of africa. someone is here to pick up arnold. it was the woman who hired the man before. it turned out she is arnold's daughter. the reason why she spent a lot of money to invite the man in this plan is just to help her dad get out of jail. no wonder arnold came to join him as soon as he entered prison. all this is planned. the man smiled and put it in differently. the movie ends here. in the end, i felt the real knowledge is really power. thank you for watching. follow my page to watch more. film review. 