[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. and with poketan making a big entrance in the latest episode of the mandalorian i thought we'd do a deep dive on the character. this video is gonna be a tldr for the basic backstory of the mandalorian rs and our theories and where things could be going in the future. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the latest entry yet, then i highly recommend that you check out now. if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into bokeh tan. okay, so bogatan dates back all the way to before the clone wars. i think there's been some continuity errors with the character, as she looks roughly the same age as mando, who was a child during the conflict. but whether the show will explain this or not remains to be seen. who knows, maybe someone took some time out and some carbonite in order to wait for the whole empire thing to blow over. anyway. beau is played by katie sakov, who not only voiced her in the show, but also returned to play her in the live-action adaptation. i think she's a fantastic actor, and she fits the role perfectly, so i'm glad she got to play the part outside of the animation. bowketan cries was born on mandalore, and alongside her sister satin, they helped to shape certain things on the planet. though very little is known about her early life. what we do know is that her sister, sateen, became the duchess of mandalore and that she made it her mission to lead them in a certain direction. as we learn from the third episode of season two, there are many traditions and beliefs within mandalorian culture. and just in that din jaron refuses to remove his helmet, beau is more than happy to the cultures on mandalore go far beyond this as well. and sateen wished to create a pacifist lifestyle for the people of the planet, which would be something similar to what we saw on naboo. mandalore had been completely decimated by war, and it was headed for a downward spiral. thus satine believed that she needed to do something you see, before sateen's intervention, mandalorians were seen as conquerors, and the duchess wanted to drive them away from this way of life. because of the planet's rich supply of vescar the locals were able to mine it and transform it into their armor. best score is able to repel both laser blasts and lightsabers. and this allowed them to pretty much become the spartans of the star wars universe. long before beau was born, their leader, terra vissler, actually wielded a lightsaber known as the darksaber, and this became a ceremonial weapon that we'll discuss in a bit. many mocked the idea that they could change into pacifists, including bow and this caused a lot of conflict on the planet. thus, instead of embracing this new way of doing things, beau became a lieutenant of the death watch, and they carried out several attacks on the planet, but were defeated. this led to the death watch being expelled from mandalore. and thus beau ended up settling on a snowy planet in the outer rim known as carlac their leader, prie vizsla, started to put the pieces in place to take back the planet. and this led to the group siding with a shadowy faction led by darth maul. maul was forming an organization known as the shadow collective that was basically, well, a collective of shadowy organizations that would be used by the sith in order to get him power. he promised the death watch that he would help them take back the planet. but beau had her doubts. the character just didn't trust the sith or the jedi, and viewed them as people who would fight for their own agenda rather than hers. during this time, beau also met ahsoka, and though they were enemies at first, the pair would become great allies during the events of the clone wars. now, after joining with maul, the shadow collective launched an assault on mandalore. and because the teen didn't really believe in fighting all that much, they were quickly overthrown. vizzler took charge of the planet, but there was a power struggle, and maul actually challenged him for the throne. the sect believed that only the strongest should rule, and thus they fought one another for the position. maul managed to best him and took the throne and darksaber for himself. this is where beau really forged her own destiny. and after watching the leader she'd served get decapitated in front of her, she and other loyalists decided that they wouldn't recognize malt's rule. beau believed that no outsiders should be on the throne, and thus she enacted her own uprising. beau helped to free sateen from prison, but mueller murdered her in front of obi-wan. you see, obi-wan kind of had a thing for sateen growing up, and he actually admitted that he would have left the jedi order if she'd asked him to. this was a real kick in the teeth for the character and also kickstarted the great power struggle of mandalore. this still doesn't even really feel like it's been settled after the fall of the empire, and it's one of the main driving forces in bold's life. now, beau ended up becoming allies with ahsoka in a bid to take back mandalore. ahsoka had left the jedi order, but she was still extremely skilled in the ways of the force. and more than capable as a jedi. mandalore once more descended into a civil war, but belle managed to take back the planet due to help from clone troopers and ahsoka. beau was appointed the region of mandalore. but that didn't mean it was over. after the events of order 66, emperor palpatine told her that the planet would have to join the galactic empire. but beau refused to do this. thus she was expelled and mandalore was taken over by palpatine and clan saxon. mandalore was further thrown into conflict, and another civil war arose on the planet, with the clan wren of crownist rising up against the empire. during this time, beau met countess ursa and sabine wren, who became big characters in star wars law. now, in case you missed our video in which we discussed how we thought sasha banks was playing sabine, here's a quick catch up. sabine was basically a member of the imperial academy who thought that she was aiding the empire in bringing peace to her planet. however, after she realized that her weapons were actually being used as a way to oppress the people she turned against the imperials. sabine fled and joined a rebel group known as the specters, and we follow her throughout the animated series rebels. now, sabine actually discovered the dark saber on dathomir, aka darth maul's home planet. and the character even wielded it herself. like many of the mandalorians, sabine believed that whoever held it would be the true ruler of the planet. she ended up returning to mandalore and managed to defeat the imperial forces. sabine gifted by the darksaber, and she finally got to be the leader of the mandalorians. and whilst this did give the character a happy ending, for a bit, moff gideon had to ruin all that. and we did learn in the mandalorian that he and his forces had seized the planet. this was something known as the great perch, in which the empire supplanted the mandalorians. once more, gideon had taken the darksaber for himself. and thus the fate of beau had been up in the air for a long time. many people believed that beau would not part with the blade, and that she may have lost it along with her life in combat. now we do know that gideon and his forces likely swarmed the planet and simply forced her to retreat. we do know that mandalorians are spread thinly throughout the galaxy, and many, including dingiorin, believe that, after all the conflicts, that the planet has become inhospitable. however, beau has stated that this is untrue, and that this misinformation has been pushed by the imperials to divide the mandalorians up as much as possible. thus since then, beau has been biting her time. and on trask, she has slowly started to enact a plan to take back the planet with her team. we watch as she storms an imperial ship in order to learn the location of moff gideon. i think that going forward, she will actually help mando defeat him. in episode 2 of season 2, we saw that some bounty hunters were still after the child. and these were likely sent by the villain, who will still want the creature for himself. season 1 very much had this idea of mando making allies with people. and i think that he and bo will work together in order to stop them off once and for all. you have to know that at this point, mano doesn't actually know that the moff is alive. and as he was never brought up during the conversation with beau, it is likely that the two don't realize they're after the same thing. after mando meets with ahsoka, it is possible that he will learn the identity of the person wielding the darksaber, as he doesn't really know at this point. and this could then make him return to beau. by the time he's gone through all this, we will be further into the series, and beau will have had time to gather more armaments. so who knows, we might actually see mando and co team up to take back mandalore. it's the character's destiny to be the ruler of the planet, and i really hope that she finally accomplishes her goal and get some more closure on it. anyway, that should be everything you need to know about bow and obviously i'd love to hear your thoughts on her and where you think things could be going in the future. make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. we've also dropped a big episode on the ins and outs of the latest entry. so if you want to come check out some cool little easter eggs in there, then definitely go watch it. after this, don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase two box set. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. going to support the channel and get to see content early. and please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chapters on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you been the best i've been, paul. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 