welcome to the mana recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode nine. at the end of last episode, alpha Lord our crew down into a cave where she's hiding her zombie horde. they are trapped down there. how they gonna get out of this one? there's no way to climb back up where they fell down. the only way to go is forward, go through the zombie horde by jumping on little rocks. luckily, these rocks are in just the right places. they all make it over no problem. Daryl, master of wilderness survival, pulls out a match and holds it around, looking for where the air is. he's leaving the grip out of the cave, just like Gandalf in the mines of Moria. Daryl and Carol have a heart-to-heart. they just add one last episode or he's like, hey, you've been acting dumb all season since Henry's death. I know you want revenge on alpha, but you gotta be smart. immediately after that, Carol's solo chaste alpha into the woods without thinking, trapping them all in this mineshaft. he's like, so same convo we had last episode. and she's like, yeah, okay, I see your point. now, then our crew has to squeeze through a really tight space. Carol is apparently claustrophobic, and after watching this episode, I realized I am - as they crawl their way through this very tight tunnel, turns out some zombies coming up behind them. this is a big problem for Jerry, who is a real big dude, and he's not gonna make it through. know, if Jerry, my second favorite character, dies here like this, I'm gonna threaten to quit the show. it would have been an empty threat, of course, I still have to watch the show to recap it for you guys. but luckily, it's all good. Jerry makes it out, okay. the crew is almost out. it's the collapsed mineshaft. they just have to clear some debris in. they're home free. they find a big box of dynamite, but using that would definitely cave the whole thing in. meanwhile, alpha pulls in her lieutenants, beta and the new gamma. it's like, hey, they went straight to the field where the Horde just was before I moved it. they must have been sending spies across the border. she sends gamma to the border to go search for these spies. of course, we know gamma is the spy. then negan comes to see alpha while she's taken a dump. remember, he officially joined the whisperers last episode, even though he's very bad at the no-talking thing, but he does have some great advice about ruling an evil organization, just like his lieutenant, Dwight, was spying for the good guys. he figures that alpha spy is probably gamma. at first, alphas not interested. she pulls a knife on bawls, negan's favorite thing in the world. but when alpha learns gammas disappeared at the border, she thinks sneaking might be right. alpha leads sneaking into the woods, like, hey, you deserve a reward. take your clothes off. negan's like, what kind of reward do I have to be naked for? Oh, Alf was naked to negan's talked about his junk so much. she wants to see what it's all about. negan has not been laid in like 10 years, so he's in for it. I don't blame him. I predict this will be an unpopular opinion, but I mean, I think alpha is kind of hot. she does want to keep the zombie mask on. okay, that's where she'd lose me. in fact, I assumed keeping this Omni mask on implied a no kissing rule. but I would have been wrong about that one. and so negan and alpha get it on. are kings almost out, when Carol's got missing with a bunch of dynamite. yeah. she's going back to where the Horde is gonna try to blow it all up. she fails though with it, almost falls off. luckily, Daryl's there save her. again. she finally breaks down crying, she killed my boy. it's like, yeah, Carol, we know we keep having this conversation. please stop being dumb. Carol's like, you're right. I'm sorry. but she does drop a dynamite, which explodes. and, yeah, the whole cave is shaken now, Jerri the Hulk, single-handedly holds up the cave while the rest of them can escape. magma and Connie are fighting some more walkers that somehow got here. they're like, get out here, Jerry, we'll hold them off. and so the two of them are still down there when the whole place explodes. oh no, don't tell me Connie's dead. she and Daryl, we're just getting our romance going. it kind of looks like they're still alive. this exit just collapsed. and so Daryl's off on a one-man mission to find another way in and rescue them. Carol's really sorry. she knows it's totally her fault that they were trapped there in the first place, and then that the dynamite exploded. Daryl doesn't say anything to her, but it's like, yeah, I mean, it is your fault. and that's how episode 9 comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 