welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about bridge to terabithia. jesse jess aaron's josh hutcherson is a 12 year old aspiring artist living with his financially struggling family in lark creek. he rides the bus to school with his little sister mae bell, baylee madison, where he avoids the school bully, janice avery, lauren clinton. in class, jess is bullied by classmates scott hogar, cameron wakefield and gary fulcher, elliott lawless, and meets a new student named leslie burke. anna sofia rob at recess, just enters a running event for which he has been training at home. leslie also enters, and manages to beat all the boys, much to jess irritation. on the way home, jess and leslie learn they are next door neighbors. later that day, jess becomes frustrated when he finds that maybelle has drawn in his notebook, but his strict, yet caring father, robert patrick, ignores it. jess later watches them gardening together, and is hurt that his father does not spend time with him. moreover, his mother cherishes her daughters more than him. one day at school, leslie complements just drawing ability, and they become friends. after school, they venture into the woods and swing across the creek on a rope. jess and leslie find an abandoned tree house on the other side and invent a new world, which they call terabithia. with their belief in their imagination, the magical world, which is a reflection on their lives, comes to life through their eyes the more they explore. for the next few days, jess and leslie spend their free time in the treehouse getting to know each other. leslie gives jess an art kit on his birthday, much to his delight. jess becomes angry with his father's attitude to him, losing his belief and refuses the existence of terebithia the next day at school. afterward, jess apologizes to leslie by giving her a puppy, whom she names prince terry and p t. once in terabithia, they encounter various creatures, including a giant troll resembling janus, squirrel-like creatures resembling hoager, whom they name the scowagers, and hairy vultures resembling fulture. at school, leslie becomes frustrated by janice's bullying. jess and leslie play a prank on janice, and she becomes the laughing stock of everyone on the bus. leslie introduces jess to her parents and they helped paint their house. jess is impressed by her parents happiness, and smiles as he watches them at school. leslie discovers from a hurt janice that her bullying is due to her abusive father, and the two become friends, with janice later befriending jess as well. jess and leslie take pt to terabithia, where they fight off several creatures resembling their bullies, this time with the troll as their ally. when it starts raining, they decide to leave, and jess looks on smiling as leslie goes home. the next morning, ms, edmunds, zoe deschanel, jessa's music teacher calls to invite him on a one-on-one field trip to an art museum. jess asked his mother's permission. however, she is half asleep, and he takes her mumbling as approval. jess does not ask leslie to accompany him and merely looks at her house as they drive by. when he returns home, jess finds his parents were worried sick since they did not know where he was. his father reveals that leslie had died in the rain swollen creek that morning, after the rope she used to cross broke hitting her head. jess, horror struck, first denies it and runs to check on leslie, but he notices the emergency vehicles surrounding her house and has no choice but to accept leslie's death. the following day, jess and his parents visit the burke family to pay their respects. leslie's father, bill burke latham gaines, tells jess she loved him and thanks him for being the best friend she ever had, since she never had friends at her old school. jess feels overwhelming guilt for leslie's death, even lashing out at both holger and maybelle and imagining that dark master from terabithia chasing after him, before breaking down into tears. but his father comforts and consoles him to keep their friendship alive. for her sake, jess decides to reimagine terabithia and builds a bridge across the river to welcome a new ruler. he invites may bell to terabithia. she is delighted, as she was previously denied any opportunity to enter. they bring back terabithia in even greater splendor, with jessa's king and mae bell as the princess. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 