[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka citizen bane. and this video, we're breaking down everything you need to know about the new netflix movie, mank and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. please subscribe to the channel, as we do videos like this every day. and also hit the thumbs up button if you enjoy it. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the breakdown. okay. so mank is directed by david fincher, and it stars gary oldman as herman mankowicz. the movie chronicles his life and journey as he comes up with the screenplay for orson welles citizen kane, and the figures that influenced it. that film is regarded as one of the best movies ever made. and i remember that i bought it on blu-ray, but the transfer was so bad that i took it back to the shop. i exchanged it for insidious 2. and i'll never forget the shop assistant sighing and saying that i was what was wrong with society. well, i'm a big film reviewer now, helping to make the world even worse, you sucker. now, citizencade is very much a movie that is often said should never be remade. but in some ways, mank is sort of a remake of it. now, they didn't want to annoy people who hold the original very dearly, and i'm one of them. but the piece shares several similarities and is even shot to echo its style and tone. mank also has credits appearing before the picture, similar to the movies of old. and it chronicles a man stung by his demons as he tries to create a legacy that people will look fondly upon. the movie jumps backwards and forwards through time to chronicle the key aspects of his character so that we can better understand him. mank is told to tell the story he knows, which, of course, alludes to those around him and in some ways himself. now they do actually say you can't capture a man's entire life in two hours, and the best thing that you can do is leave an impression. this feels very true of mank. and though we don't get the ins and outs of his entire life, you can get an impression of how he was in reality. this matter aspect and self-awareness of the film is denoted in its typing of time, which very much appears like a script. we opened in 1940 with hermann being taken to a cabin to recover after breaking his leg in a car accident. mank was promised 90 days to write the piece, but similar to real life, orson welles cut this down to 60. now in reality, the studio weren't too keen on all the issues that we see happening in the film. but orson insisted that mank be its writer, and from this position, he dictated things. it's pretty crazy to think that orson welles directed and starred in kane at 24. and mank also chronicles its impact and how it changed the landscape of film. if you've seen the movie for yourself, you'll know that it was way ahead of its time, and its editing style, shot composition and general aesthetic makes it stand out in comparison to other films released around the era. now, i think one of the biggest faults in mank is that if you don't know citizen kane that well, then a lot of the context information and key players, will be lost on you. i view this movie very much as something that shouldn't really be viewed on its own, as you probably won't get all the intricacies of it. in case you don't know, kane was actually based upon william randolph hurst, who, in the film, is played by charles dance. much like kane, hearst was a businessman, newspaper publisher and politician that helped to develop one of america's biggest media companies. he was an extremely powerful man and was used to getting his own way, similar to wells. thus when wells made a picture that was pretty much a retelling of his life, along with all the scandal in it, the pair came to blows. there's actually a documentary called the battle for citizen kane that chronicles their showdown, and it showcases how hearst tried to get wells blacklisted in hollywood. hearst didn't want any of the less respectable things he'd done potentially brought to light. and we very much get the idea that mank in some ways, is hunting for a story that could lead to his career getting into a lot of trouble. the sled was based upon a bike that hurst had stolen from him. and the word rosebud was the name given to him his his lovers, ladybits at the time. sorry. youtube, demonetization has me a bit worried there. now, speaking of lovers, we meet marion davies, an actress who was very close to hearst. hurst and davies began a relationship when she was a teenager. and this was scandalous for a number of reasons. firstly, there was the large age gap between the pair. and hearst's wife also refused to divorce him, which meant that they were held in limbo. davies actually long to marry hearst, but his wife would not allow this to happen. on top of this, the pair also had a child together called patricia lake. lake was born in the early 1920s, and this conception was out of wedlock, so a lot of issues arose from it because of the backlash that they faced. lake, in her relationship to the pair, was always denied, and it was said that she was simply davey's niece. however, on her death bed in 1993, lake asked her son to publicly announce that she was, in fact, the daughter of both davies and hearst. turns out that lake was given to davy's sister rose, whose own child, childhood, died in infancy. and they passed her off as theirs. hurst and davies apparently paid for all her education and spent a lot of time with her, but they never actually acknowledged her as their own, and actually said numerous times to the public that their parenthood was nothing more than a rumor. when lake was 11, she learned the truth, and on her wedding day, both hurst and davies gave her away. however, things were still kept out of the spotlight. i think stories like this are so interesting and engaging, and in my opinion, the movie really could have been boosted by focusing on them instead of, let's say, it's slower aspects. now, the film deals with the lack of money in hollywood, a monk trying to get the script finished under the pressing deadlines he faces like kane. the mystery of the movie revolves around a key plot device, and that is, why did hearst write this script that was so scathing to two people that we see him moving in social circles with. many people suspect that mank is out to get hurst because he was cut from the payroll at the studio. and though our protagonist believes that he's washed up, we know kane is the best thing he's ever written. it all comes to a head at a dinner party in which the drunk monk goes off the deep end. apparently, fincher made them film this scene over 100 times, and showcases mang really berating hearst for what he truly sees him as and the faults in his character. now i'll get into that more in just a bit, but we also see as he tackles with propaganda and the moral implications that come with lying to the public in order to achieve certain things for political parties. mank even says that if you keep telling a lie long enough and loud enough that enough people will eventually believe it to be true. it's a bit on the nose for our current times, but with a story that's almost over 100 years old, i appreciate that they tried to work it into being relevant. the propaganda that mgm put out forces mank's friend, shelly metcalf, to have a crisis, and he ends his own life over the whole affair. and is parkinson's diagnosis. it adds some real weight to the movie and also hints to us why mank chooses to do what he did. now, to me, man caesar's taking down of hearst as a way to right the wrongs of the studio, and that if he writes the project, then it will show the world the truth. to the backdrop of don quixote, he narrates hurst's actions in the 1934 election, which he views as making things worse for the majority. this prototype script of citizen kane combines the classic tale along with william's choices, and truly shows us why his opinions form the structure of the film. hirsch doesn't really flip out over this, and instead, he tells them the story of the organ grinders monkey. this parable tells of someone doing what a powerful person wants them to. and though they seem like they have power in some respects, they actually don't have any. they are simply operating under the command of a higher up, and in the end, are completely disposable. in the story, the monkey believes that it must be powerful, and that the person who actually controls it is the poor one. and this very much represents the relationship between monk and hearst. though we have been told that hurst thinks very highly of him, we realize this isn't the case, and that to him, mank is somewhat of a court jester, there to keep him entertained. thus, mank wants to get back at him however he can. i think he used this very much as a way to right the wrongs of the election loss, which the company he helped build was, of course, responsible for. in the end, he completes his masterpiece, but is relieved of the rewrites by rko, who want him to walk away from the production. mank wants credit, though, and this causes orson to have so many issues that he almost has a breakdown. he offers mank ten thousand dollars to give him sole credit for the picture. but mank fights this, refusing to simply be a monkey or a monkey, which, yes, i did have to get one terrible pun in, didn't now, as we know, kane would go on to become one of the most highly esteemed movies of all time, but mank has very much been brushed to the side, with wells becoming the main name that people bring up when discussing it. it won the oscar for best screenplay, and the award was shared between mankind wells, who also took credit for the picture. this has long been a source of controversy over who wrote what, and over the decades, there has been several debates about the truth of it. in a letter to his father after the release, mank was furious that wells even took any credit, as he said there isn't a single line in the film that he didn't come up with. mang also refused to attend the ceremony as he thought there was no chance that he would win. and it's clear that wells didn't think too highly of the awards either. sadly, mank died of uranic poisoning, and this was brought on by his years of alcoholism. after his death, wells said he saw everything with clarity. no matter how odd or how right or how marvelous his point of view was. it was always diamond white, nothing muzzy. though he may not have been on the best of terms with the figure in the end, i think it's safe to say that he certainly left an impression. and hopefully this video has given you one of the people in the film their legacy. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie, so make sure you comment below and let me know if you enjoy this breakdown, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our full video on the latest episode of the mandalorian, which is going to be linked at the end. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of december, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can order some chatters on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. [Music], peace. [Music]. so you 