welcome to there be spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, and this is the channel where we explain it, so you don't have to. John wick, chapter three, para bellum, is finally here. and the brand new film in the franchise has a hell of a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie, as well as giving my thoughts on it. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the phone yet and don't want to have anything about it ruined, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I'm your host. definition, thank you for clicking this video. and I just want to give a huge shout out to slash a fan for their support from day one. and whether you've been here since the beginning or have just joined, it means a lot to have so many people checking out the content. so I hope you enjoyed the video. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of John wick 3. the third film in the franchise, picks up immediately after John wick 2, with the titular character trying to escape the streets of New York after gunning down a member of the high table. wick has been made excommunicate. oh, and to make matters worse, he now has a 14 million dollar bounty on his head. instantly, this feels like a huge step up from the prior films, with the world's top-ranked assassins now after the character. and he truly feels like he's met his match. a lot throughout, after escaping New York, through a reconnection to his past and trading in a ticket for safe passage to Casablanca, wick sets off on a journey to gain penance from the one who sits above the high table, known simply as the elder. meanwhile, in New York, and adjudicator of the table has been revisiting those that helped wick in the prior film, and has instructed all of them to vacate their positions within one week. amongst these are Winston, played by ian mcshane, and the Barry King, played by Laurence Fishburne. both of these refused initially, and I'll lay a scorn which plays heavily into the ending of the film. this is because the adjudicator has hired a man known as zero, who sees himself as an equal to John zero has been put in place to deal out punishment to those who dissent from the table. and this puts Winston and the Barry King had odds with them, back in Casablanca. wick meets up with Sophie Eyre played by Halle Berry, who owes the character Macha. after he successfully managed to get her daughter away from the dangerous like that. they leave together. the two discovered the location of the elder in what is probably the best ever dogfight put to film. and another clear indicated that in this universe, you definitely shouldn't hurt animals. after meeting with the elder, John is told that his excommunicated States will be lifted if he returns to the Continental and kills Winston. however, he will have to remain a hitman and will be unable to return to a life without death. upon arriving at the Continental, John agrees to join Winston in a war against the high table, and the location doubles into a war zone after its deconsecrated and is no longer listed as a business zone. this finale is outstanding, and I was blown away seeing some of my favorite characters from the right franchise getting their own fight scenes, again, Swick in what is some phenomenal kung fu action. eventually, wick defeats all of the adjudicative forces, including zero, and a parlay is called in light of the destruction that has been caused. now going into this film, I'm, as I'm sure many, just assume that this was the last in the franchise, with this being the closing chapter of the story that would, in its wake, leave room for the new TV show, the continent told, to take its place. however, the movie takes a swift turn in the last 10 minutes and sets up another film. in light of the parlay, Winston is told by the adjudicator that his powers and the Continental ownership will be reinstated if he stops the war. this is a pretty attractive deal for the character, who simply doesn't have the numbers to fight wave after wave of high table forces. and thus he accepts. there's still one loose end though, and that comes in the form of John. and Winston realizes that he has to kill the character, or at least appear to. Winston shoots wick off the Continental, which seemingly kills him. you can't keep this guy down, though, and after his body cannot be found. we cut to wick being wheeled to the Bowery King, who still sits on top of his throne. the character is still covered in the cuts at the high table dished out earlier, and it's clear he wants revenge. together, the two make a pact to take down the high table once and for all. and it's an amazing setup for the next film and the franchise, which will no doubt see neo and Morpheus teaming up again. now throughout the film, you get the feeling that Winston was trying to manipulate the odds in his favor, and that he had some control over wicks fate. unlikely guess that he would survive the fall. similar to wick, he really wants to get rid of the high table. ads. too many characters in the film, including the director who raised wick as a child, with New York, joined together as a force. they would provide an army that could actually stand against the high table. and there are drop lines throughout the film about how New York would go to war with the group. so can definitely see this happening. the Continental TV series, in my eyes, would be the perfect vehicle to recruit and introduce all the gangs. and whilst Ian McShane is stated that he won't be appearing in the show, Reeves himself has agreed to be a part of it. thus this could allow time for us to learn about all the aspects of the city, as well as see the army slowly being built that will take down the table. I really can't wait to see what they dish up. and hopefully this is the direction that they take, as I can see it making a brilliant show if that's the route they travel down. and now on to my review. John wick just keeps getting better and better. and chapter 3 is another outstanding action movie from start to finish. this really packs the delectable death humour that you've come to expect from the franchise. and there were several times I laughed out loud at just how over-the-top the action was. the choreography on display here is outstanding, and every moment feels like ballet playing out with guns. each character does a great job of lacing each line of dialogue with subtext. and beat for beat, this is probably the best film in the franchise, if not a close second. now, if you didn't like the first two films that you're not gonna like this, but what the hell is wrong with you? these are some of the best action movies of our generation. and chapter three ties the bow on what it's an amazing trilogy from start to finish. John wick chapter 3 gets a 9 out of 10, obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts and John wick 3. and if you feel like you still want to see more going forward, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full plot League breakdown video on the finale of Game of Thrones, which would be linked at the end. you've also just launched a merch section on the channel, so if you want to help support the videos and get something out of it, make sure you click the boxes in the description below. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 