[Music] after the crash of this turn this tragic story into something welcome to slash forward. the channel will be provide summarization and commentary for all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. in this video, we're going to jump to 2003 for the first sequel to final destination. final destination - released three years after the original. it takes place six months after the events that transpired in Paris and one year after the flight 180 disaster. there your budget, broader scope. but is it a better movie than the original? let's take a look and decide. I'm stranger the survivors who managed to get off the plane before it crashed. we hear some exposition coming from the TV. apparently there are people within the general public that know enough about the events from the first movie deposit a theory about an unseen, malevolent force that decides when we live and die. we face death. he tries real hard to sound dark and edgy, but it really sounds like he's just describing life. this lone nutter and the show host disagree about the nature of coincidence. as the camera focuses in on a young lady sleeping soundly, we see that the breeze has caught up with her, but we don't yet know why. as the TV expounds more advice. [Music]. so I guess we're all boned. then we get some cues. the death is lingering around here. and then transition into the next morning. we find out that our cursed main character is Kim. she's preparing to go on a trip to Daytona with her friend Shana, who helps put her dad at ease about the whole thing, good for you. when they leave, Kim's dad notices fluid on the ground that didn't come from him. when the camera catches up with our group, it's whipping around all over the place, indicating that we may have a sequence starting. a funny can lady shows up and tells the boys a classic joke. [Applause]. hillarious. were then inundated with minor details in foreshadowing. it would actually be easy for anyone observing to see that an accident is imminent, as the drivers and passengers seem to be actively engaged in everything but driving. pay attention next time you're in traffic. it's nothing like this if you're lucky. as expected, we end up with the unfolding of a huge multi-car pileup, made worse by the fact that everyone behind it is driving at max speed and no one slows down. screw it. let's navigate this [ __ ]. oh. we end up back at the friends in their SUV, waiting to pull onto the highway. Kim snaps out of her waking nightmare, feeling unsettled. the boys are treated to an encore. Kim gets enough repeat information to recognize that something weird is going down. unlike Alex, she has a little more control over the situation, and her freakout prevents any of them from entering the roadway and getting killed. an officer pulls her from the car to get a handle on what's going on as she causes a scene with a row of stop traffic behind her. when the log truck that initiated the original accident rolls by, she tries to convince the officer to run it down and prevent the accident. however, having changed the outcome so significantly already, the truck barely makes it past the on-ramp when it wrecks and explodes, causing a semi to smear her friends all over the pavement. the entire group of drivers who had been stopped behind her end up at the station. and while it may not make sense that they were all taken to the station, the circumstances served to conveniently identify the main group this movie will revolve around. Kim gets this thing rolling almost instantaneously when she takes this seemingly random and unusual series of circumstances and connects it with the equally random and unusual series of circumstances related to flight 180. as we all know, two equally incredible and unlikely events are usually connected as a result of their unlikeliness. through this exposition, we also find out that clear is a sole survivor of the first event, committing herself to an isolated, padded room in an attempt to remain outside death's reach. as we would expect, most of the crew are unconvinced, and they then dispersed. death is going to have to pound some convincing into them hardcore style. back at home, Kim only just begins the arduous process of unpacking her emotions. we then find ourselves breezing down a hallway as Evan returns from a shopping trip to an apartment that doesn't match his shopping inclinations, he almost immediately prepares his body for the act of cooking. we can only hope he's not cooking bacon. the combination of his inattention and deathtrap like apartment almost immediately began to work against him. as we see multiple indications of impending disaster. death almost doesn't even need to nudge him here. he about ready to take care of that business himself, when a flash from the microwave startles him. he drops his [ __ ], a new pinkie ring, down the drain. he dives in to get it, but like a raccoon refusing to let go of a shiny trinket, he gets his hand stuck in the drain. this would almost be comical, if it wasn't also apparent that the entire world is coming unraveled around him. he manages to get free and heads for the window to escape. ok, how is that an unfortunate accident? why doesn't death just slit his throat? at this point, he manages to make it to the fire escape, and since it's the early 2000s, his apartment explodes. he makes it all the way down, then manages to slip on his spaghetti and take a ladder to the I. we then meet back up with officer Burke, who's doing some research. there's a little more backfilling of the events following the prior movie. we discovered that Alex locked himself away for three months, only to go on a walk with clear and be killed by a falling brick. see, simple, no pretense needed. meanwhile, the rest of the group is watching the same channel at the same time, mutually discovering that one of their tribe is now dead as a result of unusual circumstances. Kim decides to make a trip out to visit clear in the hope that she can help them get a grasp on what's happening. unfortunately, her isolation has not resulted in any clarity on the situation. if you put them on the list, they're already dead, but weren't they slated to die anyway? Kim basically gets her general rundown of the rules, but also puts a new thought and clears mind when she mentions that her friends died first in reality, rather than last, as in her premonition. Kim leaves with the gift of more worthless wisdom. yeah, everything is signs. when she gets back Burke is at her house to pick her up. he's called to gather the remaining survivors in the hope that they can work together to keep each other safe. however, before they can go, Kim has a vision about Tim and his mom, so they run off to help. Tim is at the dentist preparing to get absolutely destroyed, and despite a convergence of dangerous circumstances, he manages to walk out with only minor brain damage resulting from his excessive exposure to pure nitrous Kim and Burke run up just in time to scream pigeon at them. this causes Tim, still high on the goof juice, to run into a flock of pigeons, and, demonstrating the need for nuance and one's expression of the signs, gets flattened by an unforeseen pane of glass. what more do you want, she yelled, pigeon. his mom insists on staying with his puppy, remains, oh, I can tell clear shows up having had a change of heart, and takes them to talk with the mortician. having had such luck with him the first time around, still talking straight nonsense, he gives them a new rule about how the introduction of new life forces death to start over. all they have to do is she is. the details come together with a bit more clarity when Kim has a vision and then chokes on it. Birk then remembers a pregnant lady at the scene who never showed up the police station. but how will they ever find her? Hey, Oh, convenience. now they have a new direction and are ready to have that survivors group meeting. their group gets a rundown of the rules, and then Kim starts handing out cell phones. I can't. Eugene plays the skeptic and leaves with Nora, who hasn't end to her son's funeral. while on the elevator, this creepster shows he has no qualms about unabashedly living his best life. gross when Nora attempts to step off, the elevator malfunctions, resulting in Nora's regret that she didn't walk in a more upright manner posture. so where do you stand now, Eugene? Eugene, like Carter, demonstrates that they're all deaths [ __ ], as he manages to rip off six duds in a row. death is OCD about sequence order. don't try to mess up what he's got going, because really, that was sort of a gimme. while this happens, we find out that Berks APB has managed to snag Isabella, the pregnant motorist, who's now safe in protective custody. ah, crap. they leave Demeter. they discovered that they've all cheated death before, and that their change in circumstances was tangentially related to flight 180. it's an outward Ripple of influence working backward to close the rift. and, yeah, whatever, everyone's gonna die. as they race to get to Isabella, they nearly collide with her racing the other way. cat manages to keep enough control of the van to avoid serious injury, but ends up pinned in she enlists the help of a nubile young farm him as he goes to work. and a news van shows up. we're left waiting to see how this disaster of unforeseen circumstances will come together. this one results in a twofer. is this smartass, I'll just put it on quiet mode, goes in ventilates cat's forehead and causing her to drop her Virginia slim into the dry grasses mixed with fuel, resulting in an explosion that causes this unlikely accident. we then cut to Isabella selling the hell out of that classic cinema labor down the hall is Eugene recovering from some sort of asthma or panic attack. I guess the order, or reverse order, is now satisfied, because death, previously refusing to let Eugene shoot himself, is now closing doors and pulling equipment carts around. that's not very sporting. Kim and Burt catch up with a doctor, and Burke man spleens to her the proper way to manage a breech birth, but the doctors in the hallway, not the labor room. silly. with the inept doctor out of the mix, the nurse is able to fix the breech and successfully deliver the baby, apparently having cut the umbilical cord in utero. placenta Soup for everyone. it's time for a celebration. and now everything is back in order as a new life has a reset death cycle. but then Kim has a new premonition indicating Isabella was never supposed to die in the first place. dmu, untimely premonitions, with the sequence back on clear, runs to save Eugene just in time to get herself blowed up. the resulting injuries to Kim's hands bring her vision into sharp resolution. she understands now that the vision was showing her what she must do, and this being a Hospital adjacent lake, she proceeds to do it. she steals an ambulance and takes a long drive off a short pier. Birk belly flaps his way after her, but is too late. she drifts off peacefully into oblivion, and then has brought violently back to the realm of the living as she's resuscitated. death frequently shown to be loose with the rules appear. Lee accepts this technicality and resets the order. we closed on Kim and Berk enjoying a summer cookout, resulting naturally from the family's generations old tradition of befriending the acquaintances of anyone who happens to die horrifically in their amber fields of grain. we've come to discover Brian was nearly killed that day, setting the stage for a possible sequel. and there you have the first sequel, a step-up in budget and complexity with some cool kills throughout. it was only hindered by an insistence on further exploring and explaining the rules. keep it simple and give up on this invisible hand of death stuff. they also don't need to add the reverse ripples and rifts of relatedness. if you make it too complicated and far-reaching, it loses its edge, because it becomes just like real life, where death is constantly waiting to greet us all at any given moment. let's hope they smooth this out for the next installment. I hope you enjoy the video, and thanks for watching. [Music]. 