hi michael here. today i'll show you an adventure drama, family film called a monster calls. spoiler alert, you'll understand the important plot points. connor, a 12 year old boy, is clinging to his mother on the edge of a cliff. as she is ready to plunge into the abyss, he lets go of his grip. connor wakes up from what seems to be a recurring nightmare. the next morning, he goes into his mother's room to find her sleeping. he prepares his own breakfast. at school, while conor is in class, a boy looks him down. after that, he assaults him in the schoolyard in front of the bully's friends. later, his mother joins him. she has short hair, evidence of a battle with cancer. she says they're going to try a new round of chemotherapy, and that conor's grandmother is coming to take care of him so he won't have to make breakfast every morning. he's disappointed and wonders how long she'll be there. his mother promises that it will just be for a few days. that night, when his clock ticks over from 1206 to 1207, conor hears a voice booming from outside, calling out his name. outside his house, a large tree changes shape till it transforms into a giant tree monster. conor calls out to the monster to leave, but the creature carries him out of his room and into their garden. the monster tells connor that he doesn't come out walking very often, but when he does, he expects to be hurt. conor is defiant towards him. the monster says he'll come back and tell him three stories, and when he's finished, conor will tell him a fourth story, which will be the truth, his truth. and the truth will be what he hides and fears the most, that he dreams of. conor had called him because of this truth. he then finds himself back in his room. connor's grandmother arrives the next morning. she has wigs for connor's mother and instructs him to put a kettle on. she finds connor in the kitchen and treats him with contempt. he tells her to leave because his mother is always sick after treatments and will recover in a day. his grandmother tells him that even if she appears to be improving, she won't be better the next day, and that they need to discuss about connor moving in with her. that night, connor's grandma sleeps in connor's bedroom while he sleeps in the living room. the clock clicks from 1206 to 1207, but no monster appears. after that, he notices him outside the window. the monster tells conor his first tale. in a happy kingdom, lived a king who lost all of his sons to battles with giants or dragons. his only remaining heir was a grandson, who grew up to be a beloved prince. throughout the kingdom, there were rumors that his new wife, replacing his first after she died of a broken heart, had poisoned him, but the king pleaded with the people not to blame her. the woman, now queen, intended to retain her position by marrying her stepson, the prince. but instead, he rides away with the farmer's daughter, whom he had fallen in love with. they slept under the branches of a tree, the same tree that has become the monster. but when the prince awoke, he found out that the woman had been murdered in the night. men then approached attempting to arrest him. he asked the u tree for help and the monster came alive, frightening the villagers into rallying behind the prince. as he claims the queen murdered his wife, a mob attacks the queen, and the monster says that she was never seen again. conor then asks if he can help do something about his grandma. the monster interjects that the story isn't over yet. the queen wasn't killed. the monster had taken her to a new village, far enough away from her people that they wouldn't find her. connor asks why he would spare the life of a woman who murdered the farmer's daughter. the monster says he never said the queen murdered the farmer's daughter, simply that the prince claimed it. he then reveals the prince had murdered his bride to frame the queen and turn the kingdom against her. the prince then continued to be loved by the kingdom. connor upset, complaining that the moral of the story is trite, with the good prince being a murderer and the queen not being a witch. the monster says, the queen might have been a witch and could have become evil, but he protected her because she was not a murderer in the kingdom of old age, rather than poisoning, there is no good guy in the story. most people are in between good and bad. sometimes kingdoms get the princes they deserve. farmers daughters die for no reason. and sometimes witches deserve to be saved. connor asks how this is going to save him from his grandma, and the monster tells him it's not the grandma he needs saving from. the next day, when conor gets home, his grandma informs him that his mother had to return to the hospital and that the chemotherapy isn't working. connor's dad is coming in from america. connor sees his mom in her room. she speaks cautiously about her health informing conor that the last treatment didn't work as they expected it, but they're going to try something else. connor is now living with his grandmother in her home. she tells him about her grandfather clock, which has been passed down through her family for generations, and she bans him from touching it. she leaves him alone in the spotless and tidy house. connor's father visits and the two go out to eat. connor is adamant that his mother will be all right, because she is on a new medication that will help her. connor's father informs him that his sister is doing well, to which connor responds that she is his half-sister. his father tells him that she can't wait to see him and that he's working on getting connor to come to los angeles. connor is excited about getting to leave his grandma's house, but his dad clarifies that he met only for christmas. connor doesn't want to live in his grandma's house, which he describes as an old lady's house where you can't touch anything or sit anywhere. he wants his own space in his own room. connor's father points out that in america, they barely have enough room for the three of them, and that conor school is in europe. but we know that conor is bullied at school, and he doesn't seem to mind the idea of leaving back at his grandma's house. the two find connor's grandmother has returned to the hospital. connor's dad informs him he's only there until friday because americans don't get much holiday. connor tells him he's not american, and he asks him why he came. his dad tells him he came because his mother asked him too. connor, who is now upset, settles into his grandma's living room. he begins tearing up the house, even ripping up the clock, which she had told him was so important to her. the hands stop at 1207. the monster is now in the living room, telling conor that he is going to tell him the second tale. 150 years ago, the valley was filled with factories. an apothecary lived in the village, digging up herbs and barks and berries and leaves for his medicine. but when he tries to sell his goods to people in the village, they are rude to him because they prefer modern medicine. the parson had two daughters, whom he loved very much. the apothecary wanted the utree, which is now the monster, because of its healing powers. but he would have to cut it down, and the parson refuses. the monster notes that the parson was not unkind, but wanted to take the village out of the days of superstition and witchery. he preaches in church against the apothecary, and the village quickly turns against him. but one day, the parsons daughters become very sick, and no modern doctor can save them. he goes up to the apothecary and begs him to help his innocent daughters. the apothecary asks, why should i? you drew away my business with your preachings, and you refuse to give me the eu tree, which can help with my healing. the parson says he can have the utree and he will deliver sermons in his favor if he saves his daughters. the apothecary asks, you would give up everything you believe in? the parson affirms this, stating that he'll give up everything to save his daughters. the apothecary says, then there is nothing i can do to help you. both of the daughters died the next day, and that night the eu tree came along and became monstrous. conor thinks he is going to punish the apothecary, but instead he destroys the parsons home. the monster points out that the apothecary was not the bad guy. when times were easy, the parson nearly destroyed the apothecary, but when things were tough, he was willing to throw aside every belief to save his daughters. if the parson had given the utreat of the apothecary when he first asked, he could have saved many lives, including the parsons daughters. even though the apothecary was greedy and rude, he was still a healer. the parson was a man of belief who was willing to sacrifice it at the first challenge. he believes selfishly and fearfully. the monster then proceeds to demolish the parsons house and the story, destroying the fireplace, throwing away their beds, crushing the furniture and breaking the windows. connor lends a hand by crushing things. when he returns back to grandma's sitting room, he discovers that it wasn't just a dream. the entire living room and everything in it has been smashed to pieces, including her clock. his grandma returns home. she takes in the scene with horror in her eyes. connor is afraid he will be punished, but she is in such agony that she can only scream, knocking over the last standing display cabinet. later that night, connor's grandma is heard crying in her bedroom. the next morning, he finds his father cooking eggs informing connor that his grandma had called him to tell him about the living room. she has rushed to the hospital and he will drive him to school. connor complains that he wants to go to the hospital. his dad tells him he knows he's been unhappy and upset, hence the living room. connor asks if he's going to be punished, but his dad said there's no point. after that, conor goes to the hospital. he overhears his mom sick and upset, but she covers it up. when he enters her hospital room, she tells connor that she had a bad reaction that morning, but they're going to try a new medicine to see if they can have some positive outcomes. and it's medicine that comes from the, you tree, like the one in their backyard. she says, all this time they could have just chopped it down to cure her, but not the one in their actual yard, because it's almost like a friend. connor and his father go for a walk, and connor learns that his father is returning to america. he says he'll be back in two weeks. connor is optimistic. that the new medication will heal his mother because it comes from the utree. and he considers that prophetic, given his visits from the u tree monster. but his father points out it's a last-ditch effort and that it won't help her. he explains to connor that stories don't always end up the way we want them to. that night, conor waits until the clock clicks to 1207. he enters the garden and calls out to the monster, who then appears. he asks the tree if he can help his mother, but the monster says it's not up to him, but if she can be healed, the you tree will do it. the monster says, you still don't know why you've called me. he points out he doesn't visit people often and says it's not yet time for his third tale, but soon, and then conor will tell him his truth. then we see the nightmare he had at the beginning, of him clinging to his mother's hands as she is about to fall into an abyss. he writes it off as just a nightmare. he asks, what is going to happen to his mother? and the monster responds, do you not know already? days go by and the monster no longer appears. connor continues visiting his mom in the hospital. when he's in school, his bully comes up to him and bullies him while he is eating lunch. around 1206 pm, the bully then spills connor's orange juice on his art book, where he has drawn a picture of his mother. he tells conor that he won't bully him anymore because he thinks that being invisible would be a much worse fate. as he walks away, the bully remarks sarcastically that he's sorry about his mother. at 1207 the monster appears in the cafeteria. he tells conor it's time for the third tale. once upon a time there was an invisible man who was tired of being unseen. it wasn't that he was actually invisible, but that people had become used to not seeing him. the invisible man called for a monster to make them see. while this story is told, conor charges up the cafeteria and attacks the bully, pummeling him in an explosion of rage. conor has been sent to the principal's office. she inquired as to what had happened to him. his tormentor now in the hospital, and his parents are threatening to sue. connor claims it was the monster who did the hitting. but we flash back to conor pummeling his bully, screaming, i'm not invisible over and over. as he regains control of himself, the monster warns him that all invisible men learn that there are worse things than not being seen. back to the present, the principal says school rules dictate immediate exclusion, but she can't do that to him. she tells him to go back to class and they will talk about the incident later. she goes on to say that there is no point in punishment, just like his father after he destroyed the living room. connor is transported to the hospital that day. his mom is even sicker than before and informs him that the new treatment isn't working. connor doesn't believe it, since it's from the utree. she tells him things have moved really fast. he asks what treatment is next, but she doesn't reply, there are no more treatments. his mother expresses regret and apologizes. he tells her she's been lying to him the whole time. she responds that he must have known deep down in his heart, and that it's fine for him to feel angry, and if he needs to break things, he should do so. and if he ever feels bad about being too angry to talk to her, he should know that she understands what he has to say, even if he can't say it out loud. conor runs to the graveyard with eu tree on top. he screams for it to wake up. the monster appears. connor screams that the you tree didn't make her better like the monster promised it would. the tree responds that he said if his mom could be healed, the utree would do it, but she could not be. connor screams for the monster to fix her, or else he has no purpose, since the stupid stories just got him into trouble. the monster says conor was the one who called him, and only he knows why. connor claims that if he called the monster, it was to save and heal his mother. the monster says he didn't come to heal her, but to heal conor. the monster says it's time for the fourth tale. the hillside transforms into the cliff that connor has seen in his recurring nightmare. his mother is standing on the edge, looking frail as ever, connor screams and pleads his mother to run away from the cliff. as black smoke swirls around them, a monster made of a black cloud forms and pulls his mother over the cliff. but connor catches her hands and he hold on, just like in his nightmare. conor struggles to hold on while the cloud monster tries to pull her into the abyss. the utree monster tells conor, this is the fourth tale, the truth of conor o'malley. and his mom falls into the cliff. connor finds himself back in the clearing. he informs the monster that this is where he normally takes up and he requests to see his mother. the monster tells him she is no longer there because he let her go. he must tell the truth or he will never leave the story they're currently in. the monster points out that conor let his mother go. he could have held on for longer, but he chose to let her go. the monster urges conor to ask why he let her go. connor finally responds, he did it because he wants it to be over. and he can't stand it anymore. he wants it to be finished. so he let her go and let her die. connor asks why the cloud monster didn't kill him. he deserves punishment. he admits he always knew she wasn't going to get better, but he convinced himself she would. and a part of him wanted it to be over because it makes him feel so alone, and that he wished it would end, even if that meant losing her. he cries that he didn't mean to let her die in the nightmare, but now she's going to die in real life, and it's all his fault. the monster tells him that's not the truth at all. connor was merely wishing to end his pain, which is the most human wish of all. connor says he didn't mean it, but the monster says he did and he did not. conor asks how that can be true. the monster asks, how can a prince be both a murderer and a savior? how can an apothecary be evil tempered but right thinking? how can invisible men make themselves more lonely by being seen? because humans are complicated beasts. you believe comforting lies while knowing full well the painful truths that make those lies necessary. he then tells conor that he almost died when attacked by the cloud monster rather than speak the truth, and that's what he needs to do now. exhausted, conor goes to sleep on the hilltop. when he wakes up, his grandma is there, having searched for him. she hurries conor to the car to get to the hospital while she frantically drives through town. connor apologizes for the living room, and she tells him it doesn't matter, adding that they are not the most natural fit, but they'll have to learn and that they have one thing in common, they both love his mother. the two burst into his mother's hospital room and are told they got there in time. connor's mom is slowly dying, and she is assured that connor and her mother are both there. the monster appears in the room and tells conor, here is the end of the tale. the clock is about to turn. the monster tells him, all that's left is for him to speak the simplest of truths. connor tells his dying mother he doesn't want her to go. the monster tells conor that the story ends with the boy holding on tight to his mother, and in doing so, is finally able to let her go. as she begins to die, connor's mom looks up to where the tree is and smiles as if she can see him too. connor returns to his grandmother's house where they have established a more peaceful living situation. he discovers a book of his mother's artwork that is similar to his own. flipping over the pages, he discovers a drawing of the utree as a monster on the last page, revealing that he had appeared to her as a youngster as well. this is michael movie recap channel. see you in the next video. bye. 