in this movie starts see in a man sitting at a bus stop. then the lady also sits near him after coming there. now forrest gump begins to eat chocolate. he offers her, saying, would you like to eat? she does not respond. forrest gump says, i can eat one and a half million chocolates as such. then he observes her white shoes. forrest gump likes these shoes. he says, your shoes are very nice. they are surely comfortable. she says, my feet are aching. then forrest gump tells, i have put on many shoes throughout my life. i will remember the first one shoes of life, if i rack my brain. then the story opens in the flashback where forrest gump is a child. he is in the clinic of a doctor. he is being put on a special type of shoes, having the fixed steel rods. doctor tells he has curvature of the spine. while feet are strong, there is no need to take tension. i will make everything better. forest gump falls down as doctor says, i will make everything better. forrest gump's mother takes him out. she advises him never allow anyone to say as he is better than you. allah could create all children's feet like you if he created everyone same, but you are unique in your own forrest gump is named to him because of being impressed from his distant relative's name. so he is given a name, forest gump. forrest gump's mother desires the best education for forest gump, so she takes him in a standardized school. but the principal says, this kid cannot be admitted in this school because of his low iq level. forrest gump's mother says, no, my son will get study in the school of normal children. principal further says, in the criteria of admission to our school, forrest gump does not fulfill the requirements of it. you should admit him in the school which is for special children like forrest gump. but forrest gump's mother convinces principal later. now, forrest gump has got admission in a standardized school. no one offers him seat on the bus. at the very first day, there is a little girl who asks him, would you like to sit here? and she makes seat for forrest gump. this girl's name is jenny. they both become good friends. forrest gump and his mother only reside in their house because he is orphan. his mother uses her dwelling as a guest house, making it a source of income. so the visit of people continues in their house. once a singer visits their house, forest gump starts dancing awkwardly. when that singer is playing a guitar. his walking style is also very strange. after a few days, when forrest gump and his mother are passing through market, they watch the same singer on tv, who had visited their house as a guest. and he is performing the same dancing steps which were being performed by forrest gump before him. people are feeling excitement and also liking him. is telling his story to that lady. then he has a heart attack. he says, it is difficult to be kin of someone. it is perhaps the reason of heart attack. after that, it is shown that jenny and forrest gump are very good friends. they meet play, go wander and always be with each other. one day they are going and three kids come after them, who attack forrest gump, throwing a stone on his head. stone hits on forrest gump's head. while returning back, this hit falls him down. those kids say to forrest gump, you are foolish. and they are throwing more stones on him. jenny immediately says, run, forrest gump. run forrest gump begins to walk awkwardly, and those kids start chasing him, riding on their bicycles. jenny says after him, run fast. run fast, forest gump. he starts running, and his speed increases gradually. and his fitted leg braces begin to break. he increases his speed of running gradually. he runs too fast. even his chaser on bicycle cannot chase him. forrest gump knows his ability to run for the first time on this day, as it is the first time that he ran. it is also shown along with it that jenny resides near forrest gump house. she comes to forrest gump's house at night stealthily, saying there is a dog in her house from which she feels fear. forrest gump says, that is a mean dog. jenny and forrest gump are grown up with the passage of time. and the same scene is shown when three children had run throwing the stones on forest gump at first time. all children have grown up. today, they again throw stones on forest gump. they are ridden in a jeep, not on bicycle. and jenny says, run. forest gump, run. forest gump. forest gump reaches the ground while running, where the football march is being played. there a striker is running and taking a ball for making his goal. then forrest gump runs too fast as he leaves that striker behind. he leaves from there, while running, the present football coaches ask who is he? one of the trainers says, his name is forrest gump. he is not sensible. but checking the speed of his running, he is hired as a football player by them. consequently, forrest gump also finds an opportunity to enter the college. and forrest gump is unaware about the rules of the football match while playing, but he only knows as to run, taking a ball. he starts running as someone gives him a ball, and he does not stop until his caught by someone. he is very speedy, and the march is being won because of him. forrest gump's reputation touches the peak with the passage of time. he is also hired in the all-american team. and he continues to play the matches for five years. he gets the degree of college after playing games for five years. he says, i had played football. as a result, got degree. an army officer also visits in his college when there was convocation day in his college. and he asks forrest gump, have you thought something about your career? forrest gump is recruited in army. a bus full of army officers reaches there in order to pick up forest gump. they are all going for training. coming into the bus, he says to driver, i am forrest gump. driver replies, nothing matters as who are you? got a worm? go and sit at the back seat. he goes to the backside, but no one is willing to give him seat with him. he was also not given a seat in the bus in his childhood when he was going to the school. only jenny had offered him a seat. an awkward and bulky boy with thick lips says to him, you can sit here. forrest gump sits there. he tells, my name is benjamin, but people call me baba. forrest gump says, my name is forrest gump, and people call me by the same name. bubba tells him, i wanted to start the work of prawns, but was recruited in the army. my mother cooks prawns. actually. bubba always talks about the prawns as it is the precious thing of his life. forrest gump tells jenny, they are sending me to vietnam. jenny says to him, promise me you will run from that if you detect any danger there, you will not try to be a legend. he says, okay, i will do the same. one day. i will write a letter to you. and then jenny leaves from there. and baba and forrest gump have reached vietnam. looking at the sea, bubbus says, i bet that there will be many prawns in it. let's capture this area, then we will come here to catch prawns. bubba has nothing to say except prawns. bubba says to forrest gump, i have a plan as we will buy a boat after returning from here, and we will catch many prawns from sea. we will have partnership of 50 50. no house will be required for us, because we can sleep on the boat. and our caught prawns may be our food. forest gump says, it is a good idea. now they have spent many months in vietnam. forrest gump writes a letter to johnny. on the daily basis. they are attacked when they are going to a forest. they begin to escape because of the large numbering of enemies, and their chance of survival is low. as jenny had said to forrest gump, that you will flee from the in case of any dangerous situation. you will not try to be hero. so forrest gump runs. he is the champion of race. he runs as fast as when he turns back to c reaching at a point, there is no one at his backside, even at a distance. thinking about bubba, he returns back to take baba while running, but does not find him. but he finds one of the soldiers like them, who is wounded. lifting him up, he takes him at the bank of a stream. and he again returns to search bubba, but of no use. he again finds another wounded soldier who is also taken by him at the bank of stream. he returns back many times and brings all soldiers there, saving them. now he has to search baba. reaching there, he finds their wounded lieutenant, dan. he does not want to retreat, but face the opponent. but forrest gump forcefully leaves him at the bank of river. forest gump is still returning back to search bubba, while not accepting his defeat. then lieutenant dan says, don't go there, because there are opponents who are exploding bombs. in spite of this, forrest gump goes there and finds bubba. bubba has been shot. he takes him back, but bubba does not survive. throughout this journey, forrest gump had also a gun shot on his body. then it is shown that all army officers are admitted in the hospital. all are wounded. but forrest gump is rejoicing there. an army officer tells him, reaching there, you are awarded the medal of honor because you had rescued the number of the people. now he needs to receive medal from president. then jenny comes at a distance and calls forrest. forrest is excited seeing jenny and goes to her. leaving the stage, he embraces her. then they have a long conversation. and jenny tells him about the whole journey of her as which things had been done by her. forrest gump has received the medal of honor. he tells about vietnam. he hands it over to jenny, saying, i did what you wanted me to do. then jenny takes him to introduce him with some of his friends. there is a special friend of jenny among them, embracing forrest gump. she leaves with that friend. jenny, again, went far from forrest gump. subscribe to movies inspired for more videos and click the bell icon to encourage us, like and share the video. let us know what you think by commenting 