[Music], hello guys. i'm mr gray. welcome back to my channel. this is a hollywood sci-fi movie name beyond reanimator, released in 2003. the young boy named howard is in his backyard in a tent, sharing scary stories with his friend. meanwhile, his sister, emily, comes to the kitchen to drink milk from the refrigerator. howard sneaks in and frightens her, unknowing to them, what seems to be a jawless monster comes into their house and grabs emily and slams her on the wall, killing her. then it goes to the kitchen and drinks the milk. a police officer comes in and shoots it, killing the monster. later, a policeman puts a severed hand into a bag, but it seems to move on its own. howard witnesses a man getting arrested. the man is dr herbert west. the doctor drops a vial of green glowing liquid before getting into the police car, and howard picks it up. the intro of the movie comes in, and a considerable amount of time has passed. dr herbert west has been serving a prison sentence due to a murder at the hands of one of his zombies with scant supplies he has on hand in the prison medical center, dr west has been capable of performing only extremely basic experiments on rats. however, his lack of supplies does not prevent him from uncovering a key element in his reanimation process. dr west has discovered npe, also called as nanoplasmic energy, an energy that can be extracted from the brain of a living organism through an electrocution-like process, to be stored in a capsule resembling a small light bulb. the ratty used in his experiment was actually one of the inmates pet rat. now howard is grown up and comes to work as the new doctor in the prison. he is taken to see the warden. laura, a journalist, is interviewing the warden. they all introduce themselves. as they're talking, a guard rushes in and hurries the doctor away to help a prisoner having a heart attack. then he is rushed in for medical care. unfortunately, it was too late. howard introduces himself to west and shows him the glowing green vial and says that he wants to work with him. dr wet, i mean, dr west, examines the vial and tests it on the recently deceased prisoner. he injects a little on the back of his head. his mouth starts to foam, and howard rushes to help him, but he is attacked. the guards come in to stop the prisoner, and one of them gets bitten. finally, dr west manages to sedate him. the warden comes in, and the prisoner, who gets scared at the sight of the warden, is back to his normal self and begs for forgiveness, but crushes his pp. damn. i feel sorry for him. but in the next scene, the warden walks fine without any pain in his pp. that must be some pp made of steel. howard meets laura and drives her home, as her leg was wounded. and he tells laura about emily. howard gets upset and leaves. the next day, howard arrives at the prison, and he brings the supplies dr west asked for. they both set up the lab. howard begins to treat the patients and helps dr west later at the end of the day. meanwhile, laura researches about dr west and his experiments. howard's and laura's relationship develops. days pass and the new vial is created. they decide to test it on the dead mice from earlier. that successfully works, reviving the mice, but it behaves violent like his previous subjects, until it's given. np, dr west gives the revived pet rat back to the angry man because he threatened them earlier. laura wants to talk to the bald prisoner who was reanimated. the warden entered the cell already having his pp crushed. he got his ear bitten off by the bald guy. the warden really doesn't feel any pain, beats the bald guy to death. after the warden, who is also infatuated with laura, abuses her, eventually killing her. crushed by laura's death. dr howard succumbs to dr west's wishes. weston phillips revive laura with the np, although it is quickly seen that the dangerous side effects of west's past work are still present with the np, the angry guy takes his mouse to his cell and lets it to go eat its food. the reanimated bold guy picks the rat up and tries to eat it. a guard comes in to stop the ruckus. the baldi spits the mouse and it lands on the guard's face, biting his nose. eventually, the warden of the prison uncovers west's experiments and moves to put an end to them, but he is killed by west. at the same time, baldi beats up the guard, and the angry man takes the keys and opens up all the doors in the prison, which leads to a riot. the two doctors take wardens np. using huge amount of electricity, doing so kills the warden. they use it on laura, reviving her completely. the three walk out of the room, men on their way out, the angry man comes and grabs laura. she runs away to escape from them. west uses the npe from the pet trap to revive the dead warden, causing some unexpected side effects in the warden's behavior. the men catch up to laura, but she kills them all. the revived warden beats west unconscious. he then takes the green liquid then revives the dead guards along with the inmates. the angry man is revived, but he is split in half yeti attacks west, but being the main character in the movie, west overpowers him and throws him away. since the wardens npe was used on laura, she shows traits of the warden and fights with howard. but howard finally kills laura by decapitating her. the half angry man reappears and launches himself at west, but west manages to defeat him. when the chaos finally settles from the bloody prison riot, west escapes captivity before the guards appear by stealing philips id. as the police and authorities take control of the prison, phillips is dragged away as he and laura's decapitated head start laughing. thank you for watching my video. have a great day. 