the endgame of this version of the MCU is upon us, which means we're cramming 11 years and 21 movies into one video. but instead of tackling the MCU movie by movie, because, honestly, you don't need to hear Thor summarized, it's New Mexico, there's a robot. we've all seen it. let's do this a little differently, character by character, who they are, where they came from, what happened to them in infinity war, and whether or not they got snapped in, the you know, the snap. I am not calling it the decimation, too late Feige. it's the snap, and you're stuck with let's start with the very first Avenger, Captain America. as very first scene in Captain America, the First Avenger its World War two, and Steve Rogers, a scrawny but determined kid from Brooklyn, dreams of serving his country. Steve's all-around wholesomeness qualifies him to be given a Super Soldier Serum to become Captain America, a science experiment slash mascot to aid the war effort. cap is kept out of combat, until he hears that his best friend, James Bucky Barnes has been captured, and decides to rescue him. cap is assisted by industrialist Howard Stark, who helped develop the serum, and British agent Peggy Carter Rodgers, finds and rescues Bucky. I thought you did, you're smaller. and discovers technology powered by a very mysterious, extremely powerful object called the tesseract. the tech is being developed by the villainous Red Skull, the head of Hydra, a sinister group even more bent on world domination than the Nazis. hail Hydra, that's pretty evil. on a mission to defeat Hydra, Bucky appears to fall to his death from a speeding train. Steve is haunted by his failure to save his friend. I can't get drunk, did you? later Steve, commandeer is a plane loaded with weapons on its way to the US. he defeats the Red Skull, who disappears into a tesseract generated portal. but with no way to land the plane safely, cap crashes it in the Arctic, breaking the date he promised Peggy, you're gonna need a rain check on that dance. all right? with Steve presumed dead, Peggy goes on to become one of the founding members of shield, a covert agency designed to protect the Earth from the worst scum of the oh wait, no, that that's the men in black. however, after seven decades on ice, cap is found and woken up by shield and its current director, Nick Fury. you've been asleep, cap. the tesseract has reemerged. and cap agrees to help shield find it and defeat it. hydras secret weapon. this mission leads to the formation of a super team of heroes called the Avengers, which Captain America becomes the de facto leader of. later, Steve goes to work for fury and shield full-time. this is also when he meets in befriends former Air Force and pararescue air man Sam Wilson, who will later strap on wings to become the Falcon. also around this time, he records a series of PSAs and fitness challenge videos, which will be shown to high school kids for years to come. so you got detention. plus, cap finally builds up the courage to visit his old flame, Peggy Carter, now a very old woman who's suffering from dementia. it turns out that Hydra has had agents embedded in shield for decades. and cap faces off against hydras top assassin, the Winter Soldier, who's actually, you'll never guess. okay, it's Bucky, who was recovered in the 40s and brainwashed by Hydra to become an amnesia ridden, cryogenic hitman. cap and Bucky have a brutal fight, but Steve is able to reawaken his best friend's humanity. he's James Buchanan, boy job. Bucky disappears, and sadly, Peggy Carter dies in her sleep, and Steve is a pallbearer at her funeral. rest in peace, agent Carter, and also TV's agent Carter. soon after, the government tries to force all superheroes to register as government agents. Steve disagrees, we may not be perfectly safe. his hands are still our own. this sets him at odds with many of the other Avengers. following a terrorist attack in Vienna, which is orchestrated by a venture hater, Helmut Zemo, but blamed on the Winter Soldier, The Avengers square off and have a big ol fight. what is the name for that thing? we're like people from the same team fight one another. I don't know. things go from bad to worse when it's revealed that a brainwashed Bucky killed Howard Stark, something that really doesn't sit well with fellow Avenger and Howard's son, Tony Stark. cap and Tony have a huge fight, resulting in cap literally throwing down his shield. Bucky heads to the high-tech African nation of Wakanda, where they have the medical technology to undo his mental programming. and cap goes into hiding with the other heroes who stood against the government with him, waiting for the next challenge. let's go from the first avenger to the latest one, Captain Marvel. and no, not all the Avengers are captains, just these two. back in the 90s, Carol Danvers was a skilled fighter pilot for the US. Air Force, unwittingly working with an alien Crean aimed Marvel. Carol is injured when a tesseract fuelled experimental engine explodes, infusing her with superpowers, but also wiping her memory. Carol is recovered by the Kree and trained as a member of star force, basically creased Special Forces. eventually she winds up back on earth to fight a shape-shifting species called the scrolls, alongside a young CIA operative turned SHIELD agent named Nick Fury. you're in the Brown, it's hard to explain. eventually, Carol fury and Gustav lurkin, who is not a cat, find the tesseract, and Carroll learns that the Cree who she thought were her friends have actually been manipulating her. and the scrolls, who she thought were her enemies, are actually innocent beings looking for a home. Captain Marvel goes super Sayan on some Cree, then decides to venture out into space and save more scrolls, but leaves fury with the beeper that he can use to call her whenever he really, really SuperDuper seriously needs help. I wonder if that will ever come back into play. [Music]. working with Captain Marvel gave Nick Fury his first brush with aliens, including Gustav lurkin, who, again, only looks like a cat, but is responsible for his infamous eye injury. this encounter with intelligent alien life and a glimpse at the awesome powers out there in the Marvel cosmos, give fury the inspiration to start the Avengers initiative. she's just the beginning, gathering together people with extraordinary abilities who could respond if the earth was ever in jeopardy from Supernatural or intergalactic threats. then for a long time, nothing huge happens that we know of. fury rises to the level of shield director and vastly expands the agency scope. over a decade later, shield co-founder Howard Starks son, Tony, reveals to the world that he's a superhero named Iron Man. I am Iron Man. and Fury recruits him to join the Avengers. I'm here to talk to you about the Avenger initiative. and don't forget, fury also helps to reawaken Captain America. you've been a sweet cap. it turns out that the timing is impeccable, because rogue Asgardian Loki uses the tesseract, that thing again, to open a portal to deep space, allowing aliens known as the Chitauri to attack New York on mass fortunately, Fury's newly-formed Avengers are able to close the wormhole and end the threat. following the Battle of New York, fury starts work on project insight and collaboration with world's security councilmember Alexander Pierce. when the neutralize a lot of threats before they even happen. unfortunately, turns out that Pierce is secretly a member of Hydra. I hate when that happens. after a death fake-out. fury helps to foil Pierce's plans and take down shield. and Hydra then goes covertly to Europe to find and expose more hide your cells. since then, Fury's been around, but more in the background than the guy pulling the strings. I'm not the director of anybody, just an old man. it's also important to point out two very important shield agents who have worked under Fury, agent Maria Hill and agent Phil Coulson. Hill is known for being furious right-hand woman, and Coulson is known for helping to assemble the Avengers, the team dying in the Avengers the movie and being resurrected on televisions. agents of shield, which features no Avengers. enough of these boring heroes. let's talk about the guy who put this whole Avengers storyline in motion, Thanos. Thanos is an extremely powerful, purple, muscular, bald, thick. what was I saying? oh yes. Thanos is an extremely powerful alien from the ruined planet of Titan. watching his planet crumble, he became convinced that the only way to save the universe was to kill half of all living creatures to protect the finite number of resources available. at first, Stannis pursued this little experiment by conquering worlds himself, killing half of the population at random. but eventually he realized he'd never be able to kill enough people manually, so he decided to round up six immensely powerful gems called Infinity stones, elemental objects that control things like space, time and reality. thanassis plan involves putting them all into a lovely little gauntlet so he can wield their combined power and make his wildest mass-murder dreams come true with a literal snap of his fingers. at first, famous tasks subordinates with rounding up the stones, but they proved either incompetent or untrustworthy, so he decided to take care of it himself. we'll catch up with Thanos when we recap infinity war. but first, more heroes. let's move on to Nick Fury's first on-screen Avenger recruit, Tony Stark, aka Iron Man. when we first meet Tony, he's running the weapons a technology company that his father, Howard Stark founded, Stark Industries, Tony's assisted by an AI system of his own design named Jarvis. how refreshing it is to finally see what a video with his bodyguard, happy Hogan and his faithful assistant, Pepper Potts, I do anything and everything that mr. stark requires, including, occasionally, of taking out the trash. Starks liaison with the government is US. Air Force officer James Rhodey. Rhodes, while in Afghanistan to demonstrate his latest weapon to top military brass, Starks convoy gets attacked, embedding shrapnel in his chest. while in captivity, Tony and a scientist named ho yinsen build a device called an arc reactor to keep the shrapnel from reaching Tony's heart. bonus, the reactor can also power a super suit that allows him to become Iron Man. after escaping, Tony vows to stop selling weapons, focusing instead on refining arc reactor technology and his multiple suits. but because he's a compulsive egotist, he also takes a public victory lap. I am Iron Man. this public display puts him on Nick Fury's radar to become an Avenger. I'm here to talk to you about the Avenger in issue and the ensuing years Iron Man continues doing hero work, keeping him so busy that Tony names pepper his replacement as CEO Stark Industries. yeah, done deal. Rhodey also gets a suit with even more weaponry, and his dubbed war machine. oh yeah, and Don Cheadle takes over the part of Rhodey and Iron Man to somebody else. had it yesterday. after some serious PTSD following a near-death experience during the Battle of New York, Tony acknowledges his love for pepper and has surgery to finally remove the shrapnel pieces from his heart. during a mission to destroy a hidden Hydra base. Tony sees a chilling vision of the Avengers possible future during an early encounter with a mutant, I mean, a miracle, named Wanda Maximoff. terrified by what he's seen and the threats that continue to face the Avengers, Tony creates artificial intelligence software, which he calls Ultron, designed to protect the planet. sadly, Ultron goes full James Spader decides to wipe out humanity. instead, Ultron plans to upload himself into an indestructible, synthetic body powered by an infinity stone. but instead, Tony puts Jarvis in there, creating an entirely new being vision. altogether, the Avengers defeat Ultron at the Battle of sokovia, but at great cost. the violence and chaos make the public scared of the Avengers and superheroes in general, prompting United Nations to issue the sokovia accords. this new law would put the Avengers under the control of the United Nations. Toni agrees to sign. we need we put in check. but as we mentioned before, Captain America doesn't. that disagreement, coupled with the revelation that caps friend Bucky killed Tony's parents, creates a rift in the Avengers that still hasn't been fully resolved. after the big superhero Throwdown, cap gets away, while Tony assumes control of Earth's Mightiest Heroes. are you? Tony dank? an Avenger who made her first appearance in Iron Man 2 is natasha romanoff, better known as Black Widow. Natasha was recruited at a young age by the KGB, and underwent extreme training to become one of the world's greatest spies and assassins, eventually recruited by shield. we first meet her undercover at Stark Industries as a young executive named Natalie rushman, there to gauge whether or not Shield should recruit Iron Man to join the Avengers. once the Avengers have actually assembled, NAT teams up on several missions with Captain America. when Hydra successfully takes over shield, Black Widow uploads all of shield and hydras classified files to the internet, revealing their crimes to the world. this also reveals all of her personal secrets, requiring her to go undercover and create a new identity. I blew all my covers. I gotta go figure after a little will they won't they with fellow Avenger Bruce Banner, mr. window did we? nat returns to the team with captain america to lead the new avengers, where she ultimately sides against Tony in the Avengers Civil War. we must be her to shoot double agent thingy, and then goes underground. Natasha's on-again, off-again squeeze, Bruce Banner, is a man of many faces. back when he was still Edward Norton, Bruce was accidentally exposed to a massive amount of gamma radiation, causing him to transform into the green Hulk when he gets angry. and Norton's subsequent search for a cure to Hulk ISM leads him into a clash with the abominable Emil Blonsky on the streets of Harlem. but let's skip ahead. black widow tracks down Bruce a year later, now that he's Mark Ruffalo, working as a doctor in India. she convinces him to come back to the US. and help track down the tesseract. once back home, banner bonds with Tony over their shared love of science. your work on antielectron collisions is unparalleled, and I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster. and helps him save New York from the Chitauri while revealing his Hulk controlling secret. amazing. he also takes part in shields assault against Hydra bases, helps Tony design the Ultron program and then helps the Avengers defeat Ultron. once it turns out that this was all a really bad idea. around this time is when Bruce gets a lot closer with Natasha Romanoff, hey, big guy. Suns getting real low. but they don't ever actually get together. he got totally Hulk blocked. sorry, don't turn green. Banner grows despondent about his monstrous alter ego, and, following the Battle of sokovia, decides not to return to his friends. taking advantage of some time alone in the Avengers quinn jet, hulk takes off, literally. he leaves earth behind, eventually flying into a wormhole and landing on the remote planet of Sekar there, Hulk becomes a famous gladiator, fighting for the pleasure of a mysterious Jeff Goldblum II, being known as Grandmaster. he remains in this Hulk form this entire time, and it almost seems like his Bruce Banner side is going to disappear completely. Oh, burn. our only hope. that is, until his old pal and fellow Avenger, Thor, pulls banner out by playing a recording of Natasha forum. that's so sweet. and they make their escape from Sekar re. Hulk Bruce winds up alongside Thor and a number of Asgardian refugees on a big spaceship. and everything seems like it's gonna work out okay, until another massive ship shows up, captained by a mysterious beat it's Thanos. let's learn more about Hulk's new BFF, Thor. Odinson is the god of thunder, and Odin's son. hailing from the realm of Asgard, Thor starts out as kind of an asshat you oughta bein greedy but after being banished to Earth by his father and stripped of his powers, he eventually proves himself, gets them back and joins the Avengers. Thor and his brother Loki have a falling-out, which results in Loki literally falling out of Asgard and landing on earth, where he wields the power of the tesseract to attack earth on Thanos's orders. it doesn't end well for him. after New York, Thor defeats a dark elf named Malekith and joins the fight against Ultron. Thor also begins to have visions involving both the Infinity stones and the eventual destruction of Asgard. following the Battle of sokovia, he leaves The Avengers and earth to scour the galaxy for the remaining Infinity stones. you think you could find out what's coming? I do. he doesn't find it. didn't find any. following Odin's death, Thor's long-lost sister, holo shows up and smashes his super-powered hammer, mjolnir. I mean, let us get ready. we weren't ready. defeated, Thor is captured by badass warrior Valkyrie on the planets, a car delivered to the Grandmaster and set up as a gladiator. and that's where he runs into his old friend, the Hulk. we know each other. he's a friend from work. and decides to bust out of there. joining him are a rock monster named Korg, made of rooks, as you can see, but don't get that intimidate sheep, and insect named meek, the Internet's Tessa Thompson, Franks and Loki, who's swinging more toward the love in his love/hate brotherly relationship with Thor. they all escapes a car and return to Asgard, which they promptly allow searcher, the fire demon to destroy in order to defeat hella. Thor, his crew and the surviving as Guardians leave aboard a spaceship, which is soon confronted by a mysterious, yet Stannis. the first Thor movie also introduced perhaps the most grounded Avenger, Hawkeye. Hawkeye begins as one of shields top agents, who's also, like, really good at shooting arrows for fighting an army of robots, and I have a bow and arrow. hawkeye, real name clint barton, is also responsible for recruiting Black Widow and bringing her to the good side, resulting in a close, non-romantic bond between them. during the Avengers fight against Ultron, in need of a place to regroup and recover, the team visits Clint's farm, where he reveals to his friends for the first time that he has a wife and kids desert Mulla regions. after Ultron is defeated, Clint retires from avenging, but during the sokovia courts controversy, he joins cap side cabinet service. Clint is also a part of the group that gets arrested and sent to super prison after the big Throwdown at an airport in Germany. but Captain America breaks him out, at which point Hawkeye and fellow Avenger ant-man take government deals allowing them to serve out the remainder of their sentences under house arrest. now we don't know for sure what happens after that, but based on Clint's haunted expression and the end game trailers, it seems like a safe bet that some of that family got snapped. the Maximoff twins keep popping up. so let's put a bow on those two. Wanda Maximoff, The Scarlet Witch and Pietro Maximoff, Quicksilver. grew up in the Eastern European country of sokovia. following an attack on their home, perpetrated using stark weaponry, the two were orphaned. looking for revenge, they agreed to undergo Hydra experiments. this is the age miracles don't wanda received a combination of powers, the ability to read people's minds and put them in trances, the ability to move objects with her mind and the power to generate and manipulate energy beams. pho became fast. that's it. you didn't see that's coming. following, the Avengers raided the facility where they were created. Wanda and Pietro are recruited by Ultron. you will tear them apart from the enzyme. after a while, it's pretty clear that this ultron guy is nuts. could you so the Maximoff switch sides and join team avengers. the twins are very opposed to the creation of an Ultron killing sentient Android called vision, you're saying, but they're overruled once. Thor memorably brings the Avenger to life with a lightning bolt and gives him a name. I've had a vision. setting disagreements aside, they all team up to save the world from Ultron's BOTS. but Pietro dies heroically in the battle, because Joss Whedon wrote that movie, and it's the law that someone must die heroically in a Joss Whedon project. about one year after the showdown with Ultron, scarlet witch's in Lagos, and, along with Captain America, accidentally contributes to an explosion that costs a number of innocent lives. this incident, along with the massive battle against Ultron, leads to the creation of the sokovia accords, the mandate requiring superheroes to register as government agents. Wanda plays ball and stays at Avengers HQ under the watchful eye of vision. they bond over some poorly made paprikash. in my defense, I i haven't actually ever eaten anything before. ultimately, Hawkeye shows up, and the two of them ditch vision and head for Germany. Wanda more than holds her own in the big Airport showdown, but vision is distracted by his concern for her, I'm sorry, which contributes to him accidentally hitting war machine mid-flight, causing him to fall and break his back, resulting in partial paralysis. Wanda is arrested, but set free by cap and goes into hiding. and she had vision. totally have a thing going on across the universe. is another super team we need to talk about, the guardians of the galaxy. let's quickly tackle these one at a time, shall we? Peter quill, also known as star-lord because that's what his mommy used to call him. little star, was born on earth, and for a long time thought that he was a full-blooded, 100 percent natural human. but while mom was an earthling, his father ego was an ancient and powerful being known as a celestial space pirate. yondu was hired to reunite Peter with his dad, but he basically adopted Peter instead and raised him to also be a space pirate, or, as they call it in space, a Ravager. fellow guardian, Gamora, also lost her parents when Thanos invaded her world and decimated the planet's population, but spared Gamora and adopted her as his daughter, not as much as her adopted sister, nebula, who was forced to fight Gamora, growing up constantly losing and also forced to undergo brutal cybernetic enhancements. you were the one who wanted to win, and I just wanted a sister. Guardian Drax, his homeworld met a similar fate to gamora's troops, led by the cruel Kree soldier Ronan, the accuser, under the direction of Thanos, invaded his planet and killed half the population. you killed my wife. you killed my daughter. so he committed himself to a single-minded quest for revenge against both Ronan and Thanos. and that's basically all you need to know. I have famously huge turds. all right, yes, he he has famously huge turds. moving on to rocket, who is a genetically enhanced raccoon looking creature. ain't no thing like me, said me. rocket is a technological genius as well as an expert pilot, marksman and military tactician, cybernetically engineered to be a douchebag, years of painful experiments have also made him angry, distrusting and generally misanthropic. he works as a mercenary alongside Groot, a living tree who only speaks the phrase I am Groot are the guardians originally come together in a long quest to get an infinity stone, the power stone, you what yondu was hired to obtain. but the Guardians bigger problem is that Ronan, the accuser, is also looking for the power stone on behalf of Thanos. naturally, it certainly looks like Ronan has one, until quill manages to take hold of the Infinity stone with his bare hands. he's surprised, but you shouldn't be, because I already told you that he's half celestial. using the power of the stone, quill kills Ronan and puts it back in it's orb for safety. and the process, Groot sacrifices himself for the group in the big final battle. [Music]. but they're able to plant a part of him and grow a new baby. Groot. Peter. quill and Gamora also totally have a thing for each other that they are really afraid to admit. guardians the galaxy, vol 2 is short on long-term mythology, but we do get lots of setup for a character named Adam warlock, via a race known as the sovereign that my child is the next step in our evolution. the way Marvel does things, don't be shocked if he pops up somewhere soon. I think I should call him otherwise. the guardians meet the empath mantis, who's initially working for Peter's dad, ego. if they touch someone, don't spoil their feelings. Peters reunited with his pops, which he's initially psyched about. but ego turns out to be pretty much a psychopath. and when Peter learns that ego is responsible for the death of his mother, he kills his dad right back. also, Peter and Gamora confirmed their feelings for each other. Oh, also, also, nebula and Gamora work out their differences, and nebula leaves to go kill thanos on her own. oh, and yondu dies. he was Mary Poppins. oh, let's knock out the few remaining Avengers, starting with ant-man. Scott Lang was an electrical engineer and family man who ended up going to jail for noble reasons, but still jail, that's where he befriended his cellmate, the a storyteller, Lewis, who was released from prison one year before Scott. after his release from prison, Scott is recruited by inventor Hank Pym and his daughter, hope Van Dyne, to keep their technology from falling into the wrong hands. she doesn't think that we need you. we don't. through the use of nonsense known as Pym particles, Hank has created the ant-man suit, which can shrink someone down very, very small, or, as will soon discover, grow someone up very, very big. also, Hank and hope have technology that allow them to control ants. because, sure Hank and his wife, Janet Van Dyne, used to work for shield, doing superhero duty as the original ant-man and wasp. on a mission, Janet shrunk to subatomic size and became lost in the mysterious quantum realm where space and time lose all meaning. in the aftermath of her sacrifice, Hank quit being ant-man and left shield. eventually, Scott masters using the ant-man suit. he beats Hanks rival from worker what? and eventually hope joins him as the wasp. Scott is recruited to join Captain America's team during civil war. this is awesome, which is where we first learned that he can grow super big, but at great physical cost. he's briefly imprisoned at the raft but ultimately ends up getting sentenced to house arrest and probation. Hank and hope are furious with him for stealing their suit for a team-up film, and not even a central role who's a matter of national security the cap needed helps. but they get over it quickly because they need Scott's help getting Janet back from the quantum realm. their plan works, and Janet returns home. one of the MCS newest heroes is Black Panther, real name T'Challa, born in the African nation of Wakanda, which hides itself away from the rest of the world to protect the incredible technology developed from mining the Wonder material vibranium. T'Challa is the son of a Condon King to Chaka. and here's the thing about being king of Wakanda, you also get to be the superhero Black Panther. this means you ingest a heart-shaped herb, which gives you a variety of powers, including enhanced speed, healing and strength, not to mention an indestructible vibranium suit. T'Challa becomes the new Black Panther when his father is killed and the terrorist attack in Vienna, you know the one that Helmut Zemo pulled off the plane. the Winter Soldier, now king of Wakanda. we meet two challahs, confidants, including a co a, the dedicated, extremely intimidating and occasionally wig throwing, head of two challahs. personal guard the door, Milosh a, Plus this wakandan spy, and T'Challa sometime girlfriend Nakia. and the leader of Wakanda is isolationist mountain tribe, - Jabari boom Baku, the queue to T'Challa. James Bond is his sister. technical whiz kid and genius shirring Black Panther goes on a few missions, including tracking down vibranium thief Ulysses Klaw, before being challenged for his throne by a cousin he didn't even know about, Erik kill monger. ultimately, - Chawla wins the throne and defeats his cousin, before welcoming Bucky Barnes, the Winter Soldier, to Wakanda for reprogramming. okay, marble largely skipped this spider-man's origin, so we will to meet Peter Parker, an ordinary kid from Queens who, if fan theories are to be believed, once visited the stark Expo in an Iron Man helmet. later, as a teenager, he gets bitten by a radioactive spider and acquires superhuman powers. Peter decides to use this powers for good and goes viral on YouTube as New York's latest superhero. this piques the curiosity of Tony Stark, who tracks Peter down, makes him a fancy new Stark industry suit and recruits him to come to Germany and fight Captain America. Peter does well and goes back to High School where his crushes dad turns out to be the supervillain vulture. whoops. Tony exchange is probably advice with Peter, if you're nothing without this shoot, then you shouldn't have who eventually discovers that the real super suit was inside himself all along. after Peter takes down vulture, Tony invites Peter to join The Avengers full-time, but he turns it down because he knows he needs more time to be a kid. Tony pretends like it was a test. it was not a test. and now to the Avenger who spoiled the title for this Avengers movie last year? no, not Mark Ruffalo. we're in the end game. when we first meet dr. Stephen strange, he's a selfish, arrogant surgeon who's involved in a horrific car accident that renders him unable to work with his hands. his search for a cure leads him to a fictional Asian but also Tilda Swinton is there place called kamar Taj. rather than worry about his hands, the ancient one instead trains dr. strange in the mystic arts. the doc also learned some humility and compassion, which is very helpful because he is supposed to be a good guy. he's not. strange becomes the protector of the eye of agamotto, a relic that houses the time stone. it gives him the ability to manipulate time and aids him in defeating the apocalyptic being Dormammu, who resides in the dark dimension and tries to take over earth, along with his fellow sorcerers, including his most trusted colleague, Wong. strange is also tasked with protecting New York sanctum, one of three bases for Earth's Masters of the mystic arts. oh, and he has a cloak that's almost definitely a sentient being. Wow, you were seriously loyal piece. so last year, all of these major characters collided in the last last Avengers movie, infinity war. how did we get where we are? let's recap, shall we? alton space thor ship of refugees has been decimated, but the god of thunder manages to survive. fan OSes onslaught. loki isn't so lucky and has his neck snapped by the mad Titan. I mean, we think that guy has a strange ability to keep dying and coming back, but this seems pretty bad. Thanos kicks Hulk's ass, but before he can deliver a killing blow, the powerful Asgardian Heimdall uses the last bit of his power before dying to blast Hulk through space to earth. Thor is thrown out into deep space and left for dead, but he's rescued by the guardians of the galaxy. star-lord doesn't like him very much, not taking our pod today, sir. but rocket and Groot take to him right away. at this point, the team splits up. Thor goes with rocket and a now teenage Groot to nineveh Lear, the dying star axe Factory, which is also my favorite David Bowie album. and, oh boy, does family-sized tyrion lanister deliverer, making him a new power axe named storm breaker, but only after Thor takes the full force of a star. meanwhile, quill, Gamora, Drax and mantis try to stop the nose from getting the reality stone, but he's already snagged it. Thanos gets away with Gamora straight-up humiliating the Guardians. together, Samus and Gamora go to the planet vermeer to retrieve another infinity stone, the soul stone, which requires Thanos to sacrifice something he truly loves, which ends up being his daughter, Gamora. Soga more is dead. but on the upside, we finally found out where the Red Skull has been hanging out all these years. back on earth, Bruce crash lands in New York and warns Tony and dr. strange about the coming of Thanos. Thanos is coming. it doesn't matter who you're talking to or not. but, you know, way too late for them to actually do anything to prepare. Bruce tries to help out during the space wizard fight in New York, but for whatever reason, the Hulk refuses to come out and smash this remains a significant issue for Bruce throughout the entirety of infinity war. tony exchanges quips with Thanos. his henchmen, evany maw, get lost Woodward, who still manages to kidnap dr. strange and his precious time stone. Tony and spider-man stow away into space, take out ebony maw and commandeer the ship for themselves. the plan is to fly the planet tightened the home of Thanos and take the fight to him. Thanos has been inside my head for six years since he sent an army to New York. and now he's back. after getting heads-up from Bruce Banner cap, Black Widow and Falcon find vision and Wanda, who are having a secret lovers getaway in Scotland. Thanos sends some goons to snatch the Infinity stone out of vision's head, but our heroes fight them off and escape. from there, they all head to Avengers HQ in upstate New York. Bruce and Natasha have a super awkward reunion. yeah, I'm back. hi Bruce. and then it's on to Wakanda, where Steve and Bucky are reunited, and it feels so good. the plan is to use super genius Sheree and wakanda's technology to remove the Infinity stone from visions head without killing him, then have Wanda use her powers to destroy the stone and thwart Thanos. sadly, Tony Stark's words from the first Avengers movie come back to haunt them. not great plan. Thanos, his army arrives before Shuri can complete the procedure. over on Titan, Tony, Spidey and Doctor Strange are joined by star-lord, Drax and mantis. are you yawning? while waiting for Thanos, Strange uses the time stone to view in advance all of the possible outcomes of the showdown. seeing 14 million, six hundred and five potential timelines, spoiler alert, he concludes that there is only one timeline that ends with fan OSes defeat. when the big purple fella does arrive, they all gang up on them and nearly get the Infinity Gauntlet. but in the midst of the skirmish, star-lord figures out what happened to Gamora. he angrily lashes out in a crucial moment, breaking mantises mental link with the not very jolly purple giant, and pretty much loses the battle for the team. not pretty much, entirely. curse you, prat you adorable bunk head. what's the good guys have lost. Doctor Strange makes a key decision. he trades stano's the time stone for Tony Stark's life. Thanos expresses and begrudging respect for Tony, hope to remember, then heads to earth to finish operations, snap my fingers, and get the last Infinity stone. that's bad news for the Avengers, who already have their hands full with Thanos army of Venom's until Thor, Groot and Rocket teleport in and start to turn the tide. but Thanos himself turns up to get the stone he needs, which is planted deep in visions. noggin cap puts up a good fight, and Scarlet Witch does use her powers to destroy the mine stone and vision before Thanos can claim it. but Fanus uses the time stone to undo all her hard work and completes his quest. Thor takes one last shot at Thanos, but regrettably, he aims a bit too low, and the big guy is able to get a good snap off, killing half of all living creatures in the universe. bummer. in Wakanda, we see Bucky, Scarlet Witch, Groot, black panther and Falcon disintegrate on Titan. Guardians, quill mantis and Drax all vanish, and Tony holds a frightened Peter Parker as the boy disintegrates, right before he also dusts. dr. strange tells Tony that this was the only way, indicating that maybe this is what happened on that one in 14 million timeline where they win, hopefully on the West Coast. Scott Lang has chosen a very inconvenient time to return to the quantum realm to retrieve more quantum things. Hank Janet and hope all get dusted, leaving Scott trapped in an insidious cliffhanger that hopefully endgame will resolve. it has to, right? I've seen the trailers and elsewhere. both Nick Fury and Maria hill are on the dusting block, but fury uses his special beeper to call in help from Captain Marvel, mere moments before turning to ash on Titan. only Tony and thanassis cybernetically enhanced adopted daughter, nebula, remain in Wakanda. Bruce Banner, Captain America, war machine, Black Widow, mbaku, Ocoee Thor and rocket are left stunned and on the Thanos ranch, the big guy retires to grow his space crops and smile wistfully into the distance. but there's one character who we haven't mentioned who may hold the key to all of this, and that character is Stanley. though it initially appeared that legendary Marvel Comics writer and editor, Stanley was just having a great time making cameos, and all the MCU movies guardians to confirmed that he is actually a cosmic being known as The Watcher informant. he lives out various lives throughout space and time, and then relates his adventures to an ancient, godlike alien race known as the Watchers, who monitor and watch over the universe. and it's been confirmed that Stanley slashed, the watcher informant, will return to make one last observation in endgame. ah, guys, Oh, Jean. and there's one other character that I'm sure we need that last revelation to finally settle the debate on Ivan Vanko --zz bird. we all know that Ivan Vanko, also known as the villain whiplash, blew himself up at the end of Iron Man 2, but his bird didn't. and I'm not talking about his old bird, I mean, his new bird, the one that Justin Hammer got him, not the one back in Russia that would still in the possession of hammer industries. but who's been caring for that new bird? and more importantly, did it survive the snap? we need these answers, and we need you to keep watching these videos so we can keep making them. that's a recap of Avengers leading into ingame. we'll see you next time. [Music]. 