in this video, i will summarize the plot of a film entitled security, which was released in 2017. this film stars antonio banderas as eddie, for a retired soldier who is now working as a security guard at a mall for the sake of protecting a little girl named jaime, who is a key witness to an organized crime. eddie has to deal with a dangerous gang full of weapons called the triple six, led by charlie, played by ben kingsley. without lingering, let's just go to the crime scene. at the beginning of the film shows eddie applying for a job at a company, but the blue woman says that there is no suitable job for her, considering eddie's background, who has a psychological side, who is still vulnerable to his duties as a soldier. but eddie says that he has been unemployed for a year and is in dire need and work for the sake of living his wife and children, because he never got a decent job. eddie was willing to do any job, including cleaning the toilet when he wanted to go to his car. the woman called eddie gave him a job as a security guard at a mall and started working tonight. on the other side of a conflict, the police are traveling with jaime, who is planning to testify in court tomorrow against the most feared gang, triple six. but suddenly their phone signal is cut off. at the same time, the police also realize that their car is being followed. and the police car hits a mine, causing one of three of their cars to bounce. then the gang showered the police with copper, realizing it was ready, to tell jaime to run into the forest to look for help, before finally preparing to die along with eight of his other men, who realized that jaime, which is their main target, has managed to escape. the yang ant cleaned the crime scene to eliminate evidence. back to eddie here, eddie looks still haunted by trauma in his past while serving on the battlefield. then he called his wife to tell her that he was fine and had received he also gave his greetings to his daughter. then eddie headed to the mall to start working. there he was greeted by vance, a senior security guard. vance introduced the 331 players the ruby machine and joni, their security system. that knight had a problem. vance thought that the disturbance was caused by bad weather, bad then vance gave eddie his uniform and showed him the rooms in the mall. eddie also wondered why one mall could be guarded by five security guards. and then vance said that, if he wanted it, there had been a robbery and killed dozens of people. plus the city was very dangerous. long fell in love with his co-worker, ruby. so who likes to get drunk. eddie starts working, then suddenly he sees uremia look scared by knocking on the door of the mall milk. without thinking, eddie then opens the door, and for the sake of entering with his wife, before finally pizza. then eddie took jaime inside. they tried to call the police for help. but the strange thing was that in front of them, they suddenly died. not long after, a man knocked on your door alive. the man named charlie claimed to be looking for his son named jaime. without the slightest suspicion, vance ordered the other sat him to bring jaime down. but eddie begins to be suspicious of charlie. he deliberately asks charlie a question about jaime's characteristics. not long after, jaime wakes up and screams in fear after seeing the river. then he rushes inside to see that eddie forbids vance to open the door. then suddenly a man comes with the suitcase filled with charlie's money, which was one of the chiefs of triple six. tried to cause c with the money to get the pot to hand over jaime. francis seemed to have started to get carried away with charlie's persuasion all cops. he almost asked him to come. and then eddie hit his fishing rod. he fainted. he saw that charlie looked furious. he said that eddie had just started a war. then charlie arranged a plan to surround the mall and carry out an attack. he puts his sniper on both sides. meanwhile, charlie tries to call jaime, who is hiding with a little aim. jaime finally comes out. he asks eddie to promise to protect him. reason has read news about gaming that is under fb guard, which is supposed to testify in court tomorrow. demi's father as an auditor in the triple six gang's who in the end, betrayed and turned to work with the fpi to uncover the gang's crimes. long story short, triple sec managed to kill yami and jaime witnessed it, and eddie hid the game. eddie gave the key guarantee and told him not to come out, whatever happened. right? the security guards were starting to get scared if fb just failed squid, especially those who are only security guards and don't have capable weapons. but ed, who is a former army commander, has a lot of strategies for him trying to calm them down. where on the other side, charlie and his gang started the attack by telling the surroundings to climb to the top of the building. he saw that charlie c.s fought back by dropping a burning sofa, killing one of charlie high's men, while the senior managed to climb up and hunt down charlie and his friends. the senior friend managed to catch vans. lucky ruby saved him. come on. then the gang got rid of the corpse of one person who died earlier, along with his burning car to eliminate traces inside by dcs devised a survival plan with the makeshift weapons inside oh mixed the mop medak and landmines. they split up guarding every entrance. then eddie assigned a design guard at the front door to signal s seos through the center if a patrolling policeman was passing by. at the same time, jaime came out of hiding, making eddie angry with him. jaime said that he wanted to help meanwhile, charlie manages to get in with the help of their special hacker through gemi's descent. a letter to charlie, telling him to come to block to seven, to distract then charlie orders his men to attack. yet, charlie sends a message to all his men. they will be rewarded one hundred thousand dollars if they succeed in killing jaime. but if they fail, their respective families will be hunted and killed. on the other hand, some of the gang members entered through the door guarded by ruby. one of them died from an electric shock installed by ed hye when he wanted to open the door with a crowbar. hubby tried to attack the armed one with an arrow but it certainly was nothing for the fully armed gang. after being bombarded with gunfire, ruby pretended to be dead. then the gang went inside. while the machine managed to snatch one of the guns the gang and managed to kill two. through the walkie that was on each. eddy check the condition of his comrades. he was relieved to know that they were all fine. eddie tried to meet mesum to take the rifle he had, but suddenly the gang attacked eddie. luckily, he managed to escape. the sniper who was guarding outside, saw a police car pass by. then charlie ordered his men to withstand the new style attack. ub saw the police car stop in front of eddie. then ordered jesse to show the esco sign, but the flashlight that was on jason was broken. then he took the initiative to leave, even though eddie had forbidden him. and then jas when he was shot by the sniper. eddie told his colleagues to gather at the toy store within three minutes. then he told jaime to find out how many people were on guard around the toy shop. jaime said that there were five of them. suddenly, from behind, eddie attacked one of them. he managed to grab his gun and kill them all. the incident was witnessed by charlie through cctv. then vance and ruby came out of hiding. then suddenly, both of them were attacked, resulting in ruby being shot by vance, trying to save ruby. when eddie's prediction met, the frightened machines almost shot eddie, who he thought was a member of the gang. luckily, he managed to dodge. then eddie and the others managed to gather in the main room. hai was furious to see his men die, looking for decided to go down the field. while ruby died because of a shot. vance was very hit by the loss of the girl he loved, tai. hai, on the other side, my edge is hiding just in case eddie gives jaime a teddy bear, where inside they are hidden an electric reminder weapon. there, jaime had a chance to vent with eddie, where for four years of his childhood he spent under the protection of fb. eddie, trying to calm gaming by telling about his daughter, who is also the same age as him. then charlie contacted id. i'm going to extend the offer. he made a final offer to give up gaming, but eddie remained on his stance. from cctv, mason saw a police car coming at the same time, ree also saw a communication truck used by hacker charlie to paralyze the mall security radio signal. then eddie tried to get down to get rid of the truck that was brought in front of c who was waiting at the door, getting ready to shoot. eddie asked place to leave, because soon help would come. then re went downstairs, but suddenly the hindu successful l they opened with a clip, saw that vance, who wanted revenge for ruby's death, immediately attacked them blindly, and was greeted by a resistance attack from mobile fifa's triple six. when eddie, who wanted to go out the back door, was intercepted by the fbi member. eddie said that he was the security guard, asked where the game was. but eddie couldn't do anything because he was being held at gunpoint by the fbi. and then the beach went back to using his rifle and aiming the shot [Music] towards the gas cylinder, causing some of them to burn to death. but unfortunately, he was also shot. then the fbi told eddie to hand jaime over to them. vance is willing to sacrifice himself to protect jaime. and mason. as a result, vance died on the spot. eddie is suspicious of them, that they are not fbi moreover, after seeing the triple six tattoo symbol on his neck. one of them then contacted jaime to bring the doll with the electric gun. then suddenly, mason was shot to death. lucky jaime managed to escape and hide at the same time eddie did. eddie's swift attack killed them. eddie saw that mason was dead, then he contacted jaime. jaime said that pan was also dead. he heard that all of his colleagues had died. eddie tried to strengthen the game and vice versa. jaime said to eddie that they should also go home to see his daughter. find an emergency. eddie then hide. after the radio works, the game, has to call for help, while eddie tries to get out to destroy the hacker truck. that's the only way to get the radio signal back to work. turns out their conversation is overheard by charlie. then he memes, orders his men hunt down eddie. while he hunts down jaime, using an eddy motorbike, tries to make but he is hunted by charlie's remaining henchman high, high high somewhere else, trying to persuade jaime to come out of hiding. while the man manages to stop eddie in a fight occurs. with the collision between the two, eddie started to get overwhelmed with the man. then the man found a gun. at the same time, eddie back using the motorbike and managed to get out, until the motorbike bounced towards the truck. as a result, the car caught fire, along with the hacker who was in it. and the radio signal returned active. eddie contacted jamie, but there was no answer because charlie was there. at the same time, eddie was hit by sniper fire outside, while jaime's deputy was destroyed by charlie. then we got out and rushed to grab the radio and called the police. the man forbade ur to shoot eddie. he i want to kill eddie with his own hands. meanwhile, eddie managed to get into vance's car and grow his gun, as previously mentioned earlier. then eddie shot the sniper dead. at the same time, eddie also managed to shoot the man who tried to attack him, even though previously he was also hit by a bullet from a senior long story short, charlie managed to catch jamie at the same time, eddie the data. then he made a final offer that was profitable for both parties to eddie. but eddie still kept his promise to protect for whatever happened. and eddie shot him. even though he died instantly, as long as the real police arrived, the pan survived and was taken to the hospital. [Music]. the next morning, jaime visited eddie at the hospital. jaime said that he was going to leave soon. he thanked eddie for having him. then jaime's friend came to pick him up. at the end of the film, eddie returned to his wife and child, as requested by jeremy, and the film was finished. overall, the film is quite exciting, but many things are not explained in this film, such as what evidence is held by jeremy until he is being hunted down by triple six. moreover, there is no trial license. the ending is very hanging. but for those of you who like films are full of shooting action, this film is perfect for you. see you in the next video. 