welcome to the man of recaps. this is survivor, winners at war, episode 9. the tribe has just come back from voting out Wendell. a big question I had last week was, was Michele in on it? but no, she wasn't. they thought she was too close to Wendell's she's like, guys, I've been wanting him out this whole time. now, on the edge of extinction, there's a new scavenger hunt. the clue to this one is, step back and assess. history repeats itself. so they all go off searching the areas where advantages have already been found. it is Danni, though, who thinks, you know, I bet it's not from this season. it's from a previous season. because step back and assess is what Aubrey did when she found her advantage. she tells this idea to Parvati. the two of them go looking, and indeed, the advantage is in the same place. the advantage is the 50/50 coin flip at tribal council. you can flip it, you've got a 50/50 shot of getting immunity. this time, there's no set price for it. the girls can ask for as many fire tokens as they want. Parvati knows that michelle has the most fire tokens right now. she's like, hey, let's ask Michelle for four. that way we each get two. then it's time for the first reward challenge of the season. immunity is not up for grabs in this one, they pick teams, and the winning team gets a Chinese food feast. it's a straightforward challenge. they got to collect a net full of fish, then put it on the pole and bring it over, then do the fish puzzle. does anyone else have deja vu, like they played with this puzzle as a kid? if you did, you remember? it's real difficult because these fish all have slight variations on a very similar shape. Nick and Jeremy look like they've got it, but, oh, they're just off. so it's Sophia Michelle who win reward for their team. but Sarah asks if she could give her spot to someone else. she hands it to Nick, just cuz it's his birthday. everyone's trying to figure out, what's her angle here? what kind of master strategy is this? I don't trust her as far as I can throw her, and I can't throw very far. she claims it's just to be a nice person. she's not really that hungry nose. nick is, and it is his birthday. my secret theory is she just doesn't like Chinese food that much. so the winning team is chowing down. they have a fun time opening all their fortune cookies, looking for potential idol clues. after the feast, Michelle finds in her bag the 50/50 coin flip advantage. now for fire tokens, are all of her tokens. and that's a steep price to pay for something that's only a 50/50 shot. but our fortune cookie fortunes basically said, go for it. so she's like, I'll trust the survivor gods. I'm buying it. then once again, immunity is back up for grabs. they have to balance themselves on these triangles, and the water looks real choppy. some people are no good at this challenge, while others have really impressive balance. once they move up to the very top, it immediately eliminates everyone, except for Kim and Ben. Ben must be some kind of surfer, because he's riding that thing like a pro. Kim has a much more precarious stance. I don't know if she's gonna last. but in the end, a big wave knocks bad off of it, and Kim wins immunity. she broke a survivor record. she's now the woman with the most individual immunity wins. that's how she won. her season was an immunity beast towards the end. will she go on out on here? they get back to camp, and it looks like it's gonna be an easy vote. Nick and Adam are the two guys on the bottom. they've got enough numbers to split the vote, and even if one plays an idol, the others still going home. but it's never that easy, especially on winners at war. and it goes to Tyson, hey man, I heard your name out there. sophie was trying to vote you out. Nick did completely make that up, but the chaos now take the spotlight off him. no one wants to vote out Sophie right now. but while they're talking, Adam suggests Sarah, cuz he doesn't trust her. but then, because I don't convinced everyone to vote Sarah, that puts a target back on Adam. Ben pulls Adam aside. these two have been allies the entire game, but seem to have not really liked each other. their rivalry comes to a head here cuz Ben knows Adam suggested Sarah because she's close to Ben. then all hell breaks loose. everyone say in every single name. there is no unified plan at all at Tribal Council, just asking them questions like normal, but no one's even listening, cuz they're all having side Conville whispering all over the place. plans are changing last-minute. it ends up in a hilarious situation where Adam and Ben are having a loud argument on opposite sides of the group, but the rest of the tribes not even listening. they're still whispering amongst themselves. eventually everyone settles down, and Adams like, okay, so who did we decide to vote for? and it is absolute crickets. no one's even looking at him. yeah, clearly they're all voting for him. but he's not done fighting yet. earlier, Adam had a theory that there might be an immunity idol hidden at tribal there's a noticeable fleur-de-lis decoration on Jeff's podium, and apparently the idols this season kind of look like that. so when Jeff asks if anyone has an idol they want to play, Adam gets up and goes for it. this would be epic, but it doesn't come off. he's like, I was worth a shot. I thought that might be an idol. Jeff draws it out. let's Adam officially declare that he wants to play that idol, but it is an immunity idol. Jeff was just messing with him. you can be sure though, that in a future season they will hide an idol there now. but for now, the votes come out. it's a huge majority for Adam. it was worth the shot always. Adam gives us fire talking to Denise, and he is off to the edge of extinction. the tribes getting smaller. now, where will battle lines be drawn by now, next time on Survivor winners at war, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 