Sicario to Soldado follows CIA agent matt graver, played by josh brolin, and hitman alejandro Gillick, as they once again tried to take down cartels within Mexico. as with the first film, agent graver isn't exactly playing by the rule book, and when the duo kidnapped the daughter of a drug lord in a false flag operation designed to incite war between rival cartels, the mission goes awry. throughout this video, I will be discussing the movies ending and key plot points, and so there will be heavy spoilers. with that out the way, I'm definition. and this is my ending, explained video for Sicario 2. using the excuse that terrorists within the u.s. of gaining entry through the Mexican border, the CIA are given reason to enter the country and carry out assignments against the cartels. during one campaign, the CIA decided that carrying out attacks on the two main cartels will make both believe that it is there opposition attacking them, and will retaliate, killing each other in the process. one of their key attacks is when the CIA kidnapped one of the cartel kingpin store. and they hypothesized that they will be able to return the leaders child and make it look like they rescued her, which will gain them good favor with the drug lords. this trick backfires when the cartels and the kingpins door are realized that they are being fooled. and this puts Gillick, who is tasked with returning the child, behind enemy lines. the CIA disavow all knowledge of this mission, and Gillick is left trying to protect the door, or was the cartels right to hunt him down. attempting across the border, gillich is shot and left for dead. was aging graver manages to rescue the daughter. believing that Gillick is dead, graver abandons him and returns to the US. with the child. in the film's epilogue, we see that Gillick has tracked down an inner drug mule, and using him, he begins his journey to kill more of the drug cartels within Mexico. ending the film, we tease another sequel. whether it will connect, though is a foot abate. be interested to see where this plotline goes. it's a shame that this film wasn't connected to the first, and emily Blunt's character is missing throughout. that's with my first ending explaining video on Sicario. I believe that she has not returned because she realized she was not cut out to work in the shady business. and this film only elevates that threat, showing just how bad things have really gotten when the CIA needs to do covert operations in order to gain control. it's once again, a thought-provoking look at the war on drugs, and I highly enjoyed it. so what did you think of Sicario? - do you think it lived up to the first film? and what did you take from the movie? make sure you check out my Sicario story recap and the explained video linked at the end of this one. it discusses the first film and provides a lot of subtext to this one. so it's definitely worth your time. if you enjoyed this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel, as I release ending explained discussions weekly, and they'll definitely be a film you're a fan of. again, thanks very much for taking the time to watch this, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music]. 