these two white people wanted a drink, so they crashed into a wedding party. oh my god, it was a wedding party for people of color only. but they stayed calm and sat at the banquet table. the people sitting at the table were confused. i am the bride's cousin for the bride, cheers. they even stole the key card and sneaked into the young couple's wedding room. the couple entered the room, when suddenly they found two people making love. what are you doing? [Applause]. this man is adri he is a successful journalist. his colleague worked hard to write a rather long article. he just changed the author's name to his name. the article became his. the boss also likes him. after that night, he couldn't forget that rebellious girl. but he only knew her name was carla. it was the first time the two of them had met. she only left him a jacket. adrie found an address note in her pocket. he looked up the address and found it to be a psychiatric hospital. but when he got there, he was kicked out immediately. he really wanted to meet carla. he reached out to a doctor to help him confirm his mental illness so he could stay in the hospital with her. he met carla, but she was not happy to see him. adrie suddenly felt that he was an idiot. he finds the doctor and says he wants to leave. i am not mentally ill. it's all made up. we have heard these words. he did not give up. ask to call the newsroom to prove it. unfortunately, the person who got the phone was the colleague from who he stole the article to take revenge on him. she lied that the company didn't have anyone by that name. so avery continued to be kept in this psychiatric hospital. and what's even worse is that tomorrow is his deadline to keep his job. adri wrote about the patients in this psychiatric hospital. they are trash people, he said. however, in this hospital he was the only one who was different. adrie had to continue faking his illness to have a chance to get out. he talked to other patients to get their sympathy. adri promises to help martha, a patient with tourette's syndrome, pursue the person she loves. adrie helped her to write a love letter and practiced with her. finally, the day arrived, but martha could not control her convulsions and bad speech. she was extremely embarrassed and left. but carla told her to ignore all the rhetoric in the letter and just to express her sincere words. victor, i like you. i like you too. victor then agreed to date martha. after that, carla and adrie's relationship also got better. one day, adrie found out that his roommate had disappeared, maybe because of his daughter. saul jumped down from the third floor. in the past, he kept hiding his daughter from being a mental patient, because the ex-wife's family thinks that he will adversely affect her. every time he met his daughter, saul pretended to be a doctor. my ex-wife forbids me from seeing my daughter. i should have gone to her house to take my daughter away. i have to kill them. after recalling saul's words, adrie was flustered. you never know what a madman would do. adrie immediately finds it's only the drawing that her daughter gave saul. adri stealthily placed it there. after a crazy night, saul fell asleep, and he looked like a child. finally, they are assured. on her way back to the hospital, carla realized that adrie has made the patience in the psychiatric hospital to be more active. when they returned, adri suddenly stopped. he stood in front of the hospital gate and looked at the open hospital door. he would be free if he just walks through it. but adrie did not run away. he returned to the mental hospital next to the crazy girl. now adrie believes that he can make carla better, so she can become a normal person. as the days passed, adrie was familiar with all the things there. there were even times when adrie forgot that carla was a psychiatrist. that day, carla was extremely excited. adrie felt something was wrong, but he didn't mind. in the evening, adrie found carla standing on the terrace. she was unusually excited. then, hurry up. i discovered that here i can see the ocean across the mountain. did you take medicine? i did not. i've never felt better. now, carla was standing in a very dangerous position. adrie was terrified. he wanted to bring carla back. but carla's face suddenly changed. i just want to share with you what i'm seeing when carla was deep in her mood, adrie immediately pulled her back. then he told the doctor that carla had stopped taking the pills for a few days. the next day, when carla found herself getting an infusion, she couldn't stand it. adri never understood carla when she was sick. who do you think you are? you have no right to mess with my life like that. carla didn't want to see adrie at this point. his previous article was posted online. people are extremely disappointed with him. we are the trash of society, right? no. shut up. after the doctor learned that adrie was an ordinary person, she told him, the most difficult thing for a mentally ill patient is that everyone wishes them to behave like a normal person. before leaving, adrie saw saul's family. in the end, saul made it clear about his illnesses to his daughter. he won't have to pretend to be a doctor anymore. his ex-wife did not stop the father and daughter from meeting each other. adri said goodbye to his roommate and left the hospital. he later realized that karla didn't need his help. he wrote down their stories. the story became famous online. carla read the article, she went to find adrie and asked him to date her, like when they first met, and rebelled together. however, after the rebellion, carla returned alone to the mental hospital. perhaps for a patient with a mental illness, this was just another outbreak. after that, only the endless loneliness remained with her, 