[Music], the beer is late again. I need you to fire him as soon as he gets in. these are our teas ashes. okay, see, I just want Audie to be at peace, because, you know, our last days together exactly perfect. I can fire Kabir but still make him feel good, not embarrassed. I just need to cover up the bad news with lots of nice stuff. yeah, once you write this Kapus thing up, maybe we'll take it out together. you too. Brown, just bought 10 episodes of literally anything for me the other day, and I don't have anything in the pipe. and then Kabir filed a sexual harassment complaint against you. what? me? this is a problem. no, it's all a misunderstanding. Kabir took everything the wrong way. I was just trying to fire him in a fun kymmie way. that's what people love about me. I'm gonna need coverage on this by Monday. also, find out what coverage is. and if Monday is a Jewish holiday, I don't work for you and you don't work no, you're the best. now that he's conquered the music world and his fear of birds, trip is getting into acting. isn't that right? trip, starring trip nonnamous. Titus, I'm Titus. oh, come on. and I became a DJ because of one thing. DJ's listen. hey, that's your friend, and this is his story. I worshipped you. man, how could you do something so sick? what's going on the camera? oh, I'm making the document. I mean, it's hopeless for me. somebody to get my case reopened. they'd have to be really smart. have to have some money, bunch of cameras. sleaze. wait, what? can i really get your case reopened? like, is that a real thing? wait, your slizzard lizard? are you kidding me? he played my great-aunts nasty 90th and I got home with her as a joke. just tells me he's still locked up. we keep a lot of work our case files here, like Cosby, it's a big one. mr. from piss Richards file, yeah, that's right in here. man, I always thought women should get to do what they want. but if they couldn't, I'd still be with hello, God. why'd she dump me? Kimmy is married to DJ slizzard, and she never gave up on Bay. oh, not even when pigs fly. Oh, Kimmy stood by you, man. hashtag, not all women finish it up. hey, win a Peabody like Entourage, and who knows, man, who knows, maybe my case gets reopened. we don't get paid until you head in a script, so you're gonna need to book something in the meantime. are you familiar with an acting troupe called choices madness? you can be many things all at once. you can be a nerd, a jock, and maybe you're also cursed with perfect [Music]. I just wanted to thank you. I've never seen our students so engaged and excited, but we're actually looking for someone to direct our spring play. and a students clearly worship you. oh, like a guy? well, not exactly what. it sold to the handsome ball gentleman who's talking right now. it's from Random House, so it could be any of them. they want me to write a book about the bunker, like Cindy did after we were rescued. if you were my best friend's wife, I would probably try someplace we can talk. I would probably try and have sex with you, is what I was gonna say. please don't interrupt me. the documentary got it all wrong. deep Wayne is a monster, and not a nice one. like Cookie Monster. family of big naturals founder Artie Goodman, is reaching out to anyone with information about his whereabouts. my father has a heart condition and a prostate the size of a proc country. Milligan, did you forget to tell this man's family he's dead? if a book can do that, imagine if it had a positive message about our boys retreat points and there's drag and let's just sleep inside them and try to trick down a planet remulac useful Thunder phone. well, it's nice to see that my father was dating someone age-appropriate. nobody's ever gonna buy your children's book. I'm sorry. I'm just living in the real world and give you all my ideas, but I know for a fact that no one wants them. Wade, that's perfect. I need something so I can get paid. his inheritance will remain in a trust that will now be administered by my son. you and Hal. Lillian of a gun of a girlfriend. Lillian Dolomites, couch number operation, sneak book into book stores so boys can find it and not grow up to be creeps. hired by a certain children's television show to dig up dirt on you. you know my employers. they know that the Hara is about to hit the fan on mr. frump as'. so they want us to do a Poe research on anyone that he may have auditioned. can leave you audition for mr. frump this last year. in an effort to get my key back, I was hoping we could talk about your meeting. [Music]. oops. how'd that happen? nothing. nothing happened. the mr. crumpet stuff is coming out. they want me to do an interview. lies are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. I mean, who are we supposed to believe? a beloved American icon or one Fame alone? gree brown-eyed actor. I wrote and illustrated a book, double threat, and I want to get hit in Oprah's Book Club. I'm sorry to do it like this, but a basic will you marry me? so my book changed your life and made you a better person. is the Pope a woman? no, but he should be. it's time for me to see the world. so I quit. I'm going to suggest you don't quit until next week. we're gonna be millionaires. you lie. Jacqueline white, so Tripp, you ready to bounce? like my client and dear friend, Nicki Minaj's juicy, but where are you going? you guys took me to dinner. you use Al Gore's rhythm to get people to buy stuff, right? well, now you're gonna use it to sell my book. and why would I do that? maybe your capitals offer might not be so generous if they knew what was going on around here. where can people buy your book? you're also making me one of those internet buying places, a website. Jesus, you never should have worked here. the legends of creamy wax. turns out this place is just a sideways tugboat, so the city's gonna knock it down, unless the owners bring it up to code, or they designate this lot of shipyard. look, I've already been too helpful. I worked for the city. want to hire me? I've been in this business since Billy Crystal is doing blackface at the Oscars, almost five and a half years, and I've never met anybody like you. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. you 