someone told this guy to be there or be square, and he took it literally got him. okay, so the second season of the umbrella academy ends with a big cliffhanger. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything we know so far about the mysterious sparrow academy. we'll also be going over lila and how she may actually tie into the group themselves. so make sure you stick around until the end, as we've got a big theory on her inclusion. obviously, there's gonna be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch season two yet, then what the hell are you doing? i heard a rumor that you watch the entire thing. if you're still here, then welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, definition, aka, youtube's number two. now let's get into the video. okay. so lila pitts is one of the big newcomers in season two that ends up becoming attached to the umbrella academy in several ways, like the members of the group. she was born on october 1st, 1989, with her mother showing little to no signs of pregnancy. unlike the family, though, lila was not adopted by sir reginald hargreaves, and instead, she was raised by her parents in london. after realizing that superpowered beings may one day lead to the downfall of all life itself, the handler decided that she needed to build her own army of soldiers. and thus she started to put a plan into action. because there were 43 children, all born with special abilities, this massive number could vastly overwhelm any army on earth. and the character came to the conclusion that she would need to match them on a level playing field. so she started to study the individuals that would add the most to her army. and this is when she came across the one size fits all solution to her problem, lila. lila has the ability to mimic those with superpowers, and she's very much about taking one's strength and turning it into a weakness. due to years of practice, lila is able to completely master someone's abilities within an instant, though her powers are limited to one person at a time. we see this demonstrated a great success in the finale when he tells allison to stop breathing. and yeah, you know what? you went too far. now we discovered that the handler was responsible for lila's parents deaths in 1993, and that she hired number five to kill them. in case you don't know, the thames commission travel through time, assassinating people that may eventually become problematic. and the handler made the job seem like the utmost importance to five, hiding the truth about her true intentions. after five had disposed of the pair, the handler took the child and then started to train her. lila is already an expert in hand-to-hand combat. and add to this her mimic abilities. yeah, she's not one to be messed with because she's so good at adapting and fitting to any situation. the handler sent her to stalk diego hargreaves. and when he was committed to an insane asylum for trying to stop the assassination of jfk, she soon became a member of the institution. lyla led to the character's escape, and this made diego trust her as the handler's mole. she kept tabs on their operations in the past, and even kidnapped diego at one point in the hopes of getting him to sign up to the temps instead of falling madly in love with her, though he simply used it as an opportunity to learn about what caused the apocalypse in the 60s. and after this, she felt very betrayed. the handler twisted the knife even further, pinning the death of her parents on five. and this led to her absolutely hating the group. delilah joined her surrogate mother in the finale to take down the academy. and it's at this point that she learned about the truth. upon asking the handler if what five told her was true, the last of the swedes arrived and shot her, which is when lila decided to grab the temps briefcase and flee to parts unknown. that's the last we saw of her, but she may have ended up in the sparrow academy, which we'll get into in just a bit. now, the name of these actually comes from the comics themselves. volume 3, titled hotel oblivion, centers around the rise of superpowered lunatics in the world. and during the final battle, all of the villains that the heroes have ever locked up are freed from their captivity. this, of course, ties into the title hotel oblivion, which is an interdimensional prison that houses the bad guys the heroes are overwhelmed, but a group known as the sparrows show up and save them. on top of this, gerard way has officially announced that the fourth volume in the run will be known as the sparrow academy. in an interview with forbes, wei stated the following. it deals with a very big reveal in the umbrella academy universe, something that's been secret for a long time. our siblings learn a lot about what was happening behind the scenes, as well as discovering the true nature of some characters that have been with them since the beginning. the series finally starts to answer the question, what about the other babies born on that day? in that moment, the umbrella academy siblings are not alone in the world anymore. now, as for the show, i do believe that the sparrow academy is connected with harlan in some way. at the end of the series we see that the character is levitating a sparrow. and in this timeline, it is possible that he became the first superpowered being on the planet, and thus set an example for what was to come. it could be that the sparrow academy are named after him. but we won't know until we see the next season for ourselves. sparrows are actually laced throughout the series at several key points. and popbuzz.com recently put together a full list on every location of the little bird, which does hint towards their importance in the world. now, how they were formed, we don't know. but personally, i believe that after meeting the original hargreaves in the sixties, surregional decided that they were complete screw-ups. and this adopted seven other individuals. as he never met ben. due to the character being a ghost, he didn't have the foresight to avoid choosing him, and this scooped him up, though it seems like this may have also been a bad choice. now, as for the group, the big elephant in the room is, of course, well, ben. in the original timeline, the character died while still on the job. however, here he is, live and kicking, looking like a my chemical romance fan that just discovered their top 10 songs. video by watch mojo. sorry, gerard. ben is probably the most that we know about the group, power wise, as we can take a lot of his abilities from the original timeline and just bring them across. now, when the character was part of the original lineup, he was called number six. in case you don't know. when har greaves formed the group, he assigned them a number from one to seven. this was originally thought to be their power level, with one being the top. however, over the years it became clear that this was actually the ranking of their obedience to him. and if anything, the more powerful were were further down the list, with vania, who was seven. not being in this timeline, ben therefore becomes the most powerful, and it's pretty clear that it's gone to his head and also his fringe. now ben actually possesses the ability to summon eldritch monsters from another dimension, the portal to which just so happens to be under his skin. thus when he attacks, it looks like tentacles are emerging from his stomach. growing up, due to ben's naivety, he was easily manipulated, and har greaves often put him on the front line, which clearly led to his death. this ben that we see likely possesses the same powers, though by the looks of it, he's in control and not hargreaves. it is possible that in the original timeline, due to the family being very submissive to their father, that he just got in line and didn't fight back. perhaps the sparrows gave as good as they got, and this empowered him to take the lead and even hang a lovely, lovely picture of himself up in the main hall. either way, he's clearly the leader. but who exactly is he in charge of? well, in the comic books, the sparrows are introduced to vonye as a real family. they all wear red. she's from russia, and therefore there may be some connection there, especially since the show seems to center around the tensions between america and the country. the first person that we know for definite is caller. and she is pretty much the allison of the group. caller is able to alter reality through her voice. but instead of saying, i heard a rumor, the character says, i said so. and this spends everything to her will. in case you don't know, in the comics, vonya is paralyzed, and carla actually manages to fix her legs just by willing it's so she takes vania to norway, which is where we are introduced to the sparrows. and we get a tease of who exactly they are. the next up in the lineup is number one, who seems like the luther of the group. however, unlike the one we've come to know and be be a bit so so on, i guess i'm not going to say love, he hasn't been experimented on and is more of a normal person. next up is the weird-looking, blob-like character. and though they seem pretty messed up, this is actually because they're a human voodoo doll that's able to inflict injury on others by hurting themselves. they've clearly had to completely destroy their body and face in order to do this. and yeah, it's really, really weird. i actually think that lila may be a stand-in for this character. and though her powers aren't the same, i do think that when it comes down to it, she may actually be revealed as a member of the group. lila, of course, has knowledge of the family, and she may have helped the reginald to pick up the right children for his mission. the big plot hole in reggie not choosing the original children is that he wouldn't know how to avoid some of them. and thus, i think lyla may have gave him a helping hand due to her knowledge of the future. now that's all just a theory, and i'm not 100 but i think it would be interesting to see. there's also a member that's able to vomit up a black bile-like substance that melts armor and severely damages people that come into contact with it. then there's the member that can turn into what is either a murder of crows, or, more fittingly, a flock of sparrows. there's also a blonde girl who appears beside them, though we don't know exactly what's going on with her. lastly, is the levitating green cube, which we know even less about than all the rest. there are several theories floating about, excuse the pun. and some believe that, in the absence of grace, that this may have taken up the position of their mother, leading them to be somewhat anti-heroes. however, i actually think that this may be the equivalent to five. we know that other dimensions and realities are laced throughout the series, and is possible that, just in the way that five could jump through time, that the cube can jump through dimensions. i believe that similar to how five became trapped in his younger body. this cube was originally a person that became trapped in a fourth dimensional form and is now able to move through time and space. this would counter five's abilities and make for the perfect opposite to him, which the majority of the sparrow academy actually seem to be. on the whole. i'm sure we'll find out soon enough. but yeah, floating cube guy being five. that makes the most sense to me. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts and theories, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you want to know where we think the show could be heading in the future, then make sure you check out our predictions for season 3. after this, don't forget that every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be with a chance of winning the mcu infinity saga box set is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end. of the video. you've been the best i've been. definition and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 