Liss and nowadays, it seems more horror movies come out at the beginning of the year, and they do or on Halloween. and I don't even spawning sequels. we had a video on the first one way back, but I think Brahms himself flagged it or sent the studio's to go claim it. but thankfully, we have a sponsor for this ellamy horror recap, and it might actually be scarier than Brom obviously, if you've been on youtube.com, you've heard of the indie game known as braid shadow legends. all I thought we were going to get hit with the word epic, epic, epic 20 times in this promo. they were actually pretty chill. do you want cartoon characters? sorry, wrong game. I set up an account under player 4 to 8, 6, 5, 6, 7 2, since, you know, that was obviously my grandma's favorite number. and I downloaded this RPG, which boasts about graphics. it has a campaign mode with a better storyline than bronze the boy. they got a clam boss mode in case you wanted to play with your online friends and fight a bunch of bosses. and if you don't have friends, you can still play with yourself. it's on mobile for you to play on the couch and desktop for on-the-go. but honestly, if you ever find yourself watching a crappy movie, this will help you not die of boredom. but you still might die though. it's an easy to play game, as long as you have fingers. and I promise you that once you master your first match, it's like you master the entire game. and if you don't have fingers, game even plays itself. they've already got a one-up on Star Wars by actually planning at least five months ahead with what they're gonna do. so for any of you players who click the link down below, you're gonna get a hundred K and silver and one free champion hex Weaver if you click on your little inbox within the first 30 days. you know, honestly, these non movie sponsorships really do help us to keep covering these movie franchises for you guys. and as always, we try to hook you guys up with a copy of the first whenever we do these integrations, as a first-come, first-served basis. so if you'd like, click the link down below to download the app and help support this channel for free, cuz I already know Brahms is gonna send STX films to stalk us. let me explain. so the first two boy came from director William Brent Bell, who had previously directed the Frankie Muniz video game, slashers stay alive. but we really put him on the map was a little found footage movie that's considered one of the worst movies of all time. the devil inside was a found footage documentary style fiction about a girl pulling exorcisms to see why her mom's exorcism went wrong years ago. and it became the 18th film on cinema score to receive an f-plus because the movie didn't even have an ending. the characters like crash, and on the screen cut to a link that just told the audience to go visit a website to go get the rest of the story. like, can you imagine if a video just ended like that? that would be crazy. and not only was it a crappy site, they're not even running it anymore. and the movie came out in 2012. the thing about this universally hated movie was that it ended up making 100 million dollars at the box office. with a budget of 1 mil this thing somehow topped the box office and the top 5. but it was topped - it wasn't - beating Mission, Impossible, Ghost Protocol. and then people heard how bad it was, and it, it just disappeared off the charts, like, didn't even like sync out is saying, just vanish faster than its ending. he would eventually follow this up with another movie called where about a defense attorney who realizes too late that her client is, in fact, a werewolf. and then we got the boy. and then, of course, it leads to something that's a great twist, which was just a bonus. so all those things, you know, trying to make it, like what I told the crew room we started making the film was, I wanted to make a classic, you know. we didn't just want to make a scary movie. we wanted to make something that was gonna last forever. now, be honest, there is a decent skeleton of a story hiding within the walls of this movie, literally. the problem is that when you pitch to the audience that this is a creepy doll movie, and you set them up to believe that the doll is responsible and then tell them, psych people are gonna be more upset with you than a band, say, in the wrong city before a show. well, I don't mind the twist. what I did mind was that it didn't make any sense for those who don't know, or chose to not remember. the first follows Gretta, who's hired as a nanny for this elderly couple, until she realizes it's just a doll. got that same vibe shyamalan servant has over on Apple. but the big twist here is that the elderly couple's kid is still alive. he's just living inside the walls. that's why he has this list of rules to keep rats out or keep his food clean. it's really just to keep him alive inside. its Brahms who, 20 years ago, as a kid, mutilated a little girl in the woods, burns his house down to fake his death before they could even investigate what happened, and began living within the walls of this house, forcing his parents to hire him nannies that would eventually turn into his mate, until his parents chose to opt out. Greta just so happens to be the new nanny who was just trying to get away from her abusive boyfriend after he caused her miscarriage. and now she's dealing with now the idea of Brahms living in the walls, waiting for a mate, by spooking them as they took care of your American boy doll, ain't that bad of a movie twist, you know? but, but the reason it doesn't work is because your setup is garbo. you can't have the entire buildup of your horror be reliance on a supernatural doll, like none of this can happen unless it was possessed. but then you have the twist be that it's just a dude living in his mama's basement, its walls. it makes scenes like this seem even goofier than they already are, because there's no way real-life Brahms can relay five meters like that. like, look at this, my my girl's peripherals were obstructed for like, two seconds minimum, and you expect me to believe that he took the time to prop them up like Woody usually January Horrors, you know, they have very terrible twists. but the twist here was that they couldn't make up their minds with what they wanted. I think Lauren Colin does a great job in this as someone who's confused by everything around her, because, you know, it doesn't make sense since, you know, it did it. in the end, Greta is able to run away and survives. Brom repairs the doll since he somehow survives. and the movie makes enough money to greenlight a sequel, as it survives itself, the boy - and Greta and Brahms are now gone. now, I don't know if they were going for the Damien omen to emerge with the title with they decided to phrase it, or if they phrase it like that because they were playing the SEO game. but you know what, I wouldn't be surprised if this is all just, you know, franchise the boy series. if you saw the first one, you know, they took a page from the Thrones team with the way that they did all that set up to go another way with the way they executed the finale. but for the sequel, they went full Star Wars and just ignored anything that they had in the previous ones, pretty much. now they want to give audiences the creepy, supernatural doll movie by retconning the stuff from the first one, and this is all coming from the same director, it leads to something that's a great twist classic. see, in this one, we follow a family who moves out to the countryside after Katie's home invasion. that incident caused the parents the boy to go mute. and it isn't until they reached this manor pool house, because that's where they're saying, that he meets Brahms, the boy. and while the parents get ecstatic that their boy finally puts down his Blue's Clues talking pad, they then start to notice strange things. in the first movie, he had a skin made out of porcelain, and in this one, he sounds like he has a silicone skin, and it feels like human skin. it was just made for that. and it's kind of like he got an upgrade, and he had like these human-like eyes. and all of a sudden, I feel like this weird thing slowly touched my neck. and I got so freaked out, the lights turned back on. the scenes over, brahms had never, pretty much, in this one, forget the fact that Brahms and Greta, we're ever really here. yes, Brahms was the name of the kid. you know, before the parents Avery even got the doll. but I'll turns out that no, the doll was actually named problems this entire time, and it's been tormenting people for generations. all this info Katie Holmes found on Google calm was available in the first one, but I guess Greta's data plan must have been out. Joseph, the groundskeeper, who Greta would have also met, turns out to be the guy who actually put the dog back together, even though I swore the guy in the ending to the first was literally wearing Brahms. where are these damn Acuvue aces? I can't see above it all? I think the funniest part is that in the first one, the dawn never flinched, not once. alice making moves. but let's be honest, this type of retconning is key in regards to riga ring for franchise mode helped some franchises haven't even bothered to fix their logic. but with this, you know, you got a name flip that now gives you brand recognition. we can do prequels with brahms. now, how we can go to another part, and it doesn't even have to be Browns. they could be somebody else is the boy. but I'm just laughing because we're still at the early stages of this series, you know, where the tropes are just beginning. we all know that every Star Wars movie usually tends to say so by the time we hit like Brahms the man, by 2033, will have an entire compilation of actresses trying to shush a doll. I really don't mind you branching out your story so you can make more of these, but, you know, be consistent. obviously, Brahms, the boys whole plan is to take over Katie's the boys whole body. and you would not believe me when I tell you that they obliterate this doll, like just like the first one. they smash it to pieces. and you can clearly see there's nothing inside of it, not even Mike Wazowski, you can put this porcelain thing back together. and then this dog gets up looking like like Barry's actual flesh in the doll. after seeing it completely smashed, this thing appears like a lollipop you dropped under the couch of a laundromat. pretty much. Brahms powers to break any logic that's been established in previous movies, at the beginning of the movie, literal frames that were just shown to you. and they pull a very original ending that I personally have not seen in any of the horror movies as of late, involving the main characters defeating the bad entity. and they, they get they go to Nina location, have a happily ever after. oh no. entities still there. jump-scare credits. I'm sorry to fire. more excitement going on 290 wondering if if there might be traffic or not, instead of watching these films. but I'll say this, Ralph's innocent, who plays the groundskeeper in this, he's probably the best actor in the movie, along with the dogs. but like, if you've seen the village, you know, man's great with his animal co-stars. I personally think it's gonna take more than him to correct the series. though. I know everyone wants that never ending franchise. they all want the double-oh-seven that, you know, might get postponed, but will never die. and horror, more than any other franchise with a star, can have an icon in it. they have icons that get to live on forever. so it's just ironic that, for a dog gimmick is having rules that his movies don't follow any thank you guys for checking out this video on kitchen. are your thoughts down below in the comment section? I don't buy you guys doing, you know, when it comes to horror movies or horrid dog movies, Brahms is nowhere near slappy Annabelle. how I'll throw the poltergeist clown there. Chucky's got like two series going on right now. so yeah, I'm not prompts has a lot, a long way to go, so I'll say that. but they definitely got to keep a consistency with it, like I know everyone is trying to do, is sort of franchise in with horror movies. I mean, what a horror movie are we not seeing that doesn't end with the can we possibly get a sequel type thing? but, I mean, I don't know what's happening here. I guess it kind of answers the problems that were in the first but it just creates a bigger problem of you trying to eat your cake and eat it too. I'm catching on. your thoughts down below in the comment section. let me know which one you like a little bit more. I do like the skeleton of the first one. I don't know what the hell they were doing with the second one, but I'm curious to know your thoughts. again, shout out to raid. I guess we we have finally got the youtubers stamp of approval, getting that email. but it really does help out the channel, so we appreciate that. thank you guys for watching this video. let us know any other LME franchise recaps you guys want to see. don't forget to comment, like you 