[Music]. the story begins with dong-won and his family who have just moved to a new house. it was also raining heavily at that time, but the furniture had not yet been moved because the truck was blocked by a car, until finally the car owner appeared, who put on a cynical face and then moved his car recklessly. song one is very comfortable living in their new house, until the next day a strange thing is found, where the floor of the house looks like it's tilted. even a marble can just roll without being touched. arriving at dong one's office, he is congratulated on his new home. but after he informs him of the location of his new home, his office colleagues are immediately shocked, because the place is a former industrial complex and sewage treatment plant. so it is considered unfit to live in. don't want to bother with it by directly cutting. at night, it rained very hard, and at the same time, the building cracked, and even the glass door there cracked. the next morning, sungyan was shocked by the cracked glass door. he tried to touch it, and it broke. in addition, dong won also finds that the ground floor of his building has a severe crack, which, of course, cannot be left alone. all the neighbors were gathered to discuss this issue. in the end, this meeting did not get results, because they were instead busy discussing personal problems with each other. one day, dong one's office friends come to his new house, and they are amazed by the beautiful view from above. then the program continues with eating and drinking together until late at night. the next morning, two of dong once colleagues had left early, while the rest of them spent the night there. named yoon joo and kim. on the other hand, dong won's wife and children have just returned from shopping here. they run into aunt mina and her husband, who are going to the bathhouse because the water in their house is dead. then dong one's son, schweiken, wants to take the trolley home to help his mother carry the groceries. after waking up, kim rushed to leave because he had an appointment with a client. but the taxi driver was busy calling, which irritated him. meanwhile, schweiken seemed to have brought a trolley and was about to return to his mother. but suddenly the marble fell. so he tried to pick it up from under the car. at the same time, sun yan was talking about the dead water in his house to the man in the opposite building. then suddenly there was a very loud shaking, and immediately the building where he lived began to fall down. of course, this was not a mass natural disaster, because only that one building fell. but also not to be underestimated, because the building was mired hundreds of meters deep into the ground below the taxi car that kim was riding kept moving here and there. of course, this was very dangerous. just a little slip to the wrong side and the car would be squashed between the wall of the hole and the building. but fortunately, dong won was quick to help him. after that, hai jun also managed to survive, as well as sung one. moving on to the top where the rescue team begins to devise a plan to save the victims. several people were lowered using ropes, but the walls of the hole continued to slide, so they had to find another way. moving on to sung one, who suddenly panicked, considering that his son was still not found. after searching almost desperately. sung tae was finally found locked in a room. knowing this difficult condition, sung tae tried to calm down while devising a strategy to survive. in fact, don juan is also worried for his family, but he can rest easy knowing that his wife and children were shopping when this tragedy occurred. so the most important thing now is that they have to survive at all costs, even though the conditions are getting worse with the heavy rain. this incident did not escape the media spotlight. an expert said that the cause of this incident was the sinking of the foundation. meanwhile, dong-won's wife looks helpless, knowing her husband is one of the victims. this time, the rescue team lowered the drone to find out the conditions below. unfortunately, the drone suddenly lost signal, then fell free. seeing that, sung tae immediately calls the others. they also tried to communicate via drone cameras, but suddenly the building fell back down. when kim almost fell, hai jun rushed to tie a cable to the iron pole to save him. with the help of dong-won and seung-won, kim slowly began to be pulled up, but the rope broke, so that suying fell in the thick mud. luckily, the plants had an idea. by breaking the window pane downstairs, so the mud was sucked in, and the plan worked. by nightfall, the rescue team started getting signals so the drones could be raised. here they saw five survivors, while there were still three people who had not been found, namely minson with his mother and sung hoon. while miss schweiken was still confused whether her child was missing, above or below, she also asked the officers for help to track her child's whereabouts. sung hoon's mother feels uneasy because her son has not been found. the atmosphere became even more emotional with the arrival of bad news, where, after tracking down the cell phone that schweiken brought, it turned out that schweiken was also trapped in the hole. the next day, the rescue team was still looking for ways to evacuate the victims. and tonight it is expected to rain very heavily, which has the potential to cause further landslides. day in short, starting at night, the trapped people received supplies in the form of food drinks, satellite phones and breathing apparatus. here, dong won gets a call from his wife saying schwichen is downstairs and hasn't been found. without thinking, he wanted to save his son alone by being guarded using a safety rope held by his friends. at the same time, it started to rain, so the captain of the rescue team took the risk to come down directly to evacuate. but not long after, the nearby building also collapsed and fell into the hole. again, the plan had to be cancelled. those below were shaken too, so that don juan's safety harness fell off. fortunately, down there, dong one managed to find schweiken after a tiring search. then they saw an old woman who was none other than minson's mother. the grandmother said that her son was seriously injured until he was unconscious. besides that, there is also sung hoon, who turns out to be dead. since the place is about to sink, dong won invites the grandmother to leave, but the invitation is rejected because the grandmother wants to continue with her son, min's son. as a result, dong one only went alone with schweiken. the journey to the top was not easy, especially with the heavy rain. of course, the tension didn't end here. there were other buildings above them that could fall at any time. besides that heavy rainwater had also begun to flood the place. they began to collect all objects that could float to be used as buoys. then suddenly, sungyan came carrying a large water reservoir. this object became the only hope for them. one by one, people began to enter, except for sungyan. soon the walls of the hole began to leak and spit out a lot of water, so that the reservoir began to float upwards. but not long after that, the building above them fell. even though the tank was able to escape from the pressure of this building, they still had to deal with a new problem, namely, entanglement in the network cable. unfortunately, just after releasing the reservoir, it hit a sharp iron until it leaked. and unexpectedly, sonian came to help. it turned out that he was still alive thanks to the respirator earlier with the cooperation between them. again, the problem can be solved here. kim also swiftly closed the leak of the reservoir using his hands. in short, they all managed to float to the surface of the water, and luckily, the officers were aware of their presence. instantly a happy and sad atmosphere mixed there. happy because there were survivors, sad because some had died. 