[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie the pyramid, 2014. make sure to hit the subscribe button. we come to know that egypt pyramid has a curse. centuries ago, as the movie starts, and the workers on these tombs used to be a victim of this curse, facing the worst consequences. so many scientists, archaeologists and researchers have always avoided these pyramids. archaeologists are those who search on the ancient and the desolated buildings. but archaeologists discover about such a pyramid through nasa after a long time, which was buried thousands feet below the earth. it means this pyramid has its own space under the ground. and the uniqueness of this pyramid was the difference of its shape with its ancientness. other pyramids used to have four sides, but this pyramid was three-sided. discovery stirs the ideas of people, and they desire to know about this pyramid. but egyptians cannot allow a research on these pyramids, believing on that curse, because they think that researching on them may bring a devastating curse. and protesting it, egyptians come on the road to stop it, so that pyramids may not come under reserve. being logical, archaeologists take approval from their government, and they start digging near the pyramid after taking consent. basically, this archaeological team is composed of five members, and it is lead by dr miles. dr miles daughter, nora is also the member of this team, including other members. the whole team is excited having the advanced equipment. they have also the availability of satellite support and planetary surface exploration device provided by nasa. digging continues. while digging, a gas is burst from there, which is piesness. this gas covers the workers face and body and takes his life. all other workers are frightened because of the death of this worker. they have heard about this curse, and their belief is strengthened as they should keep themselves away from these pyramids, as being logical. dr miles, nora and other team members don't believe on such myths. dr miles want to take advancement in this work. but the protesters start more protesting. due to the death of this worker. they say it is a beginning. these protestant want to stop this work of digging. so this protesting may lead to the civil war. on the other side, american government representative is contacting online with dr miles. seniors suggest doctor mile, you should stop working and return back to your country, because egypt government will ban your work forcefully if it continues. so it is better to return. after stopping research, hearing it, dr miles and his team feel disturbed, because they have planned and worked on it. leaving this research in the mid does not make sense for them. finally, it is decided to return back, stopping this research further. we notice that dr miles daughter, nora, does not want to take her step back, but to accomplish this research. she says to her team members, while convincing, we should at least go in the pyramid to check, how is it different for mothers? why is it three-sided? why is it spread under the ground? we should at least check, going underground. her team is convinced by her so they send a robotic car to check the pyramid for exploration, and they may find out its uniqueness. we also notice the uniqueness of this pyramids from other pyramids when robotic car is moving inside of it, as it has been made for a special purpose. while advancing something attacks on the robotic car. consequently, it goes offline and the camera connection is lost. now they cannot see the interior side. they all suppose outside that any dog or animal would have gone inside the pyramid and attack our robotic car, disconnecting the camera. basically, this expensive robotic car was given to them by nasa. so they did not want to leave it inside as it is. the wanted to take it back before returning. and they also desired for more exploration. the government had banned them. so they also have a shortage of time. we also notice the presence of military here for keeping an eye over the scientists, as they may not take step against law and return back. so they plan to enter the pyramid, hiding themselves from military, and will bring back their robotic car. they all plan for going inside. it means get harmed, no one outside will know is where have they gone? before going inside, they bind a thin wire with a stick outside and take the other side of wire with them. basically the purpose behind it is as they may not lose the right track while returning. returning path may be tracked easily through this wire. now all enter inside. moving ahead, they find three similar paths. one way is leading upside, and there are placed the ancient egyptians weapons on the upside leading way. these were used in the old times. while conversing, nora comes to know that her father, dr miles, tied wire has broken. it was most disturbing situation because their chosen way to come had the similarity with the other three ways. cutting of wire is going to create a biggest problem for them. actually, he was only dr miles who had attached the wire with him. they have no clue of returning because of the breakage of wire. they come to these three ways, and each way contains a separate symbol. taking a chance, they choose a way they don't find a beacon of light, even after a long walk on it. so they know that their chosen way is wrong one. they are not going towards exit, but entering in the pyramid. more. while walking, they reach a big hall, where they also catch the sight of their broken robotic car. at the same time, stones begin falling from its roof. as a result, ground is cracked, and they also begin to fall down. their partner is also wounded. dr miles, nora and team members try to free their partner, but remain unsuccessful. dr miles, decide to rescue their injured partner at any cost. suddenly, a coming animal injures their one of the team members with its claw who is climbing up. as a result, that climber has fallen down, getting injuries. and all are disappointed, thinking they have been trapped in this pyramid. here they see a stone made door. as archaeological team, they have ability to read these symbols. then they read these symbols. here is written danger. these symbols indicate to not open the door. all are scared and also want to leave this place, so they ignore the written symbols there, and they begin to try to open that door. opening the door, they finally move ahead. they hear the voice of these military officers who are keeping an eye over them. these soldiers have come into pyramid in order to take research team after knowing the entry of them inside. these are the sounds of them. meanwhile, the research team hears the scream of their injured partner. when they come back to see their injured partner, named michelle, he has disappeared from there. there are his blood stains. something dragged him away, and these stains are visible. looking at it. dr miles and nora are got upset. they are unable to judge what is going on. one of the members of this research team begin to quarrel with dr miles and nora. he says, which type of the doctor are you? as you cannot bring us out from this pyramid. but this pyramid was very complicated in reality, it was not an easy task to search the exit. anyhow, struggling to come outside, they observe a small tunnel where they are exerting to leave this place. while passing that place, they are attacked by an animal which looks like a wild cat. so they come outside after a great difficulty, through that small tunnel. coming outside the tunnel, they encounter a soldier there. he is among those soldiers who are on duty to stop them. and the soldier, who is rescuer, is also killed. the story's climax reveals when the writer tells why these happening are occurring in this pyramid. actually, there is the dwelling of anubis in the pyramid. anubis is god, according to the greek mythology, who was expelled out from the heaven for a cause. now this pyramid is the residence of anubis. it was also supreme who was expelled from heaven as a punishment. and this pyramid is the prison of anubis. every enterer in this prison is killed by anubis. and there is a reason behind this killing. he will be able to free from here if he searches a virtuous man, having a balance between his heart and soul. finding such person, he will get salvation. so he used to keep the human being on a weighing balance scale. after killing him, he used to balance it, keeping his heart on one side of weighing balance scale, while the soul on other, so he may know the worthiness of that person. because all coming people in the pyramid are sinful, and anubis is still imprisoned. and dr miles and his team members are begin to die in this pyramid, gradually killing dr miles. anubis does not find him virtuous when he balances his heart and soul. in the end, we see the daughter of dr miles, named nora, who is near the light and at ending of this tunnel. she notices a young boy as she is about to step outside. nora is moving ahead, hardly feeling much tiredness. that young boy perhaps helping her to come outside. anubis kills both nora and that young boy coming there. and the story ends here. please subscribe and like if you like explanation. otherwise, you can also watch other videos on our channel. 