before it begin let me start by saying, if you joined the navy because you loved this movie, how did it feel when you got there and you ain't look like tom cruise? the stars of our movie today are the guy who played batman, and jim morrison and the voice of god, which are all basically the same rope. jerry maguire and andy dufreyne play. our story begins with an explanation about the purpose of top gun. see is right there. and did he just fight on that aircraft carrier? our story really begins in the indian ocean, present day seattle's right there, with some men in the flight control tower seeing a bogey on the radar that needs to be pit and who's up there? our hero, maverick, along with goose, who will soon be a dead duck, plus cougar and mr dufresne. so this scene is too long and relatively pointless, but it's just to let everyone know that maverick is always in trouble and has a daddy complex. maverick and goose will go into top gun. and all the men in the navy have class rings and sweaty balls. does this man not look like a sweaty scrotum. he says to maverick, you've got a real attitude problem. maverick, your slacker. you remind me of your father when he went here. he was a slack good too. so our story really begins in miramar, california. see also right there with maverick, fist pumping at people, doing his job. it's a big, flying, giant death machine. i'm a man, i get it. oh, here we go. already talking about how men love their missiles and how something long and cylindrical gives them hard-ons. look at this pillow. talk sup, baby. but maverick is like, sorry, ice ass baby. my heart belonged to goose. sexual tension everywhere. and here comes viper, or, as the boys call him, the one-eyed snake. they don't really call him that, but that's funny though. and viper asks him some questions, and maverick gives him some snacky answers, and viper says, you quite the snake sharma, ain't you? so next we go to the local club. and, oh, ooh, [Music], get off their faces, please. thank you. back to the men's so goose tell slider, yeah, i worked really hard to get in here. and slide says, yeah, well, i got a big old crew. the nice man comes over and he's like, you need any help with what getting out of your pants? no, i think i can figure that out for myself, but thanks, malfoy. so after offering this woman to lift on his tomcat and getting flaked off, maverick demonstrates what we all should do next, tighten your buttocks, poke out your titties and walk into the ladies room where you belong, so she can flake you off again. then the next morning, let us school, yes, but you must only accept this lesson if she puts an apple in her mouth and promises you a little physical discipline. during mavericks tests, his sweaty balls burst into great balls of fire, and he cheats to prove that he's the alpha male up in this bunch. then in the locker room, slice says, you cheated. and iceman says, you dangerous. and then he bites at him like a tease. but then maverick is in all kind of trouble viper, and just to call him into the office to scold him for being, you know, the word dangerous. then goose tells him, look, i can't lose this job. you might be able to fly rub a dog [ __ ] out of hong kong, but i just ride along the back seat. i'd have to drive a semi, i mean, a truck. and while that's quite a manly thing to do, i got to be straight with you, in him, unless you plan to fly me in some ramen with that rubber dog, my family ain't gonna have much to eat. but bring the sriracha chicken flavor, please. only the best for my loved ones. then maverick is like, you're my only loved one. i ain't gonna let you down. now, get out of here. would you two like some butter on that cone? would you like to be left alone? so later, charlie tells maverick to come over for dinner, but not before it's raining. man, hallelujah, is raining. man, amen. well, what i mean is maverick and goose play a much too friendly and revealing game of volleyball with slider and iceman, because that's what i do with men. i hate play half naked beach boats in the hot sand while i tense my tight tits. yeah. and notice the only one wearing a shirt here is goose, because nobody wanna see his gelatinous birdie titties. so maverick shows up late to dinner and asks for a few minutes to wash his smelly ass and shake the sand out of his tiny whities, because he don't want her mistaking his for a tower on a sand castle. wow, maverick, your big stud teach me your smooth lady, alluring ways. so after dinner, they talk about how his mama loved otis redding, smart woman. and he says, my daddy was a fighter pilot and he died. don't you feel bad for me? and she says something like, yeah, but mostly because he didn't live long enough to teach you to watch that unibrow, because you look like all the hair off your chest migrated to the middle of your forehead. oh, look, it's time to remind y'all that goose has a little hand and a chickadee, so you can get all man misty when he buys the farm. so once again, maverick has a public pissing contest with his teacher, slash tease. and yeah, her gets bigger and she schools this again. this tedious makes goose so damn bold that he's like, can i just please [ __ ] die now. so he's like, you might have the bigger balls, but i'm the bigger diva. yeah, walk away, baby. you better work you know that. [ __ ] just bill with a pinky out. so she goes breaking all kind of traffic laws. out of my way. my man's on the rag. but all this just so she can take a ride onto the danger bone. you know, the further to the edge, the hotter the intensity. you know what kenny loggins was singing about the danger bone. oh, now, nobody wanna see this, nasty [ __ ]. i'm not against two women in love, but i cannot condone unless the one on the top has two separate eyebrows. so a few days later, after charlie gets off mavericks danger bone, he and goose take their ride into the danger zone, which is pretty much the same thing, i think. mavericks all smitten and feeling spunky, but iceman gotta be all up in his sh when iceman finally gets his prison behind out of the way, maverick cooks his goose. yep, that goose is well done. it's time for an episode of deep thoughts in tidy whities. in tonight's episode, viper walks in to say, the maverick [ __ ] happens. get over it, panty waste. jesus. i'm tired of babysitting these [ __ ] oh, goose's wife shouldn't feel too bad. now she can find a man who ain't got that big moustache, and when she gets kissed, maybe she won't feel like she's getting sucked up by a street sweeper suffering from the loss of his significant other. maverick is having a little trouble performing, so viper is like, strap his in a tom cat and get that put in the air pronto. we find out iceman's hot, ain't frozen. maverick gets as tight as white as in a bunch and quits. and charlie drops in to say goodbye and to remind him he is not a loser. he is jerry mcinguya. then maverick visits viper and finds out the stories he always heard about his daddy weren't true, and that he was really a hero. because, you know, the government covers up. they don't like people on my one. viper tells him he can show up and graduate. and he drives by to find out that his woman left town, and with her, when his favorite pair of titties not attached to a man in ray-bans whose call sign sounds like he should be working a stripper pole. come on, let's think about these names. chipper sundown, iceman, slider, hollywood, wolf man. do these not sound like the names of men who should be getting benjamin's slingshot from their g strings into their cracks 24 hours later? see how it says right there, the ensemble of exotic dancers all fly a real mission where, oh my god, hold the [ __ ] up. that [ __ ] right there is wearing a helmet with a with a smooch on it. ah. wolf man has one too. where can i get these helmets? take my money. and to make a long story very short, maverick has an identity crisis and almost bails, until goosey lucy talks to him from beyond the grave and tells him to go back. and all those ballsy men think, i could be maverick. ain't nothing to it but to do it. and they land the planes, and they award each other with celebratory hugs, but with not too much affection, so you never doubt their massive amounts of toxic masculinity. and maverick looks to iceman and says, who's your mother? guys? man, you're my [ __ ]. that's my [ __ ]. and maverick tells mr strickland he wants to be a top gun instructor. sequel. then charlie finds maverick at the bar all alone and plays the song on the jukebox that mavericks sang to her. but it's hard to take this scene seriously with a photograph of a prized pig on the wall behind his head, that is a metaphor. and they are calling his woman fat. oh, the misogyny. the end. be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth and a special thank you to all these fabulous muffins. you can expect me to upload videos after i get done staring at that smooch on that butt, on that helmet, on that pilot on that jet. cause i'm a man, yes, i am, and i do not give a damn four movies explain far. i'm jab a dive call sign, booty smooch. my apologies if this video seems short and pointless, but so is iceman's johnson, probably, yeah, 