hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror film, none spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the movie begins in a grim looking abbey in romania during the year 1952. inside the abbey, a young nun named victoria is walking with an older nun in a dark hallway. the older nun holds a lamp and a key. meanwhile, victoria is in tears and seems to be afraid. then the older nun proceeds to open a wooden door at the end of the hallway. the wooden door has a sign that says, god ends here. as the older nun opens the door, victoria asks her if the relic can save them. in response, the older nun looks back and decisively tells victoria to have faith. after that, the older nun proceeds to enter the door, while victoria, who is in tears, proceeds to kneel and pray in front of the door. in a few moments, the older nun comes back, bloody and hands over the key towards victoria. builder none proceeds to instruct victoria that she must not let the demon have her. suddenly, something inside the door drags back the older nun in an instant, which makes victoria scream in fear. immediately after, victoria runs to a room at the other end of the hallway and closes the door. then she gets a rope and asks forgiveness from god for the thing she is about to do. after that, she places the rope around her neck as she holds the key tightly. then as she looks back, she sees the demon nun phallic, coming slowly towards her, while the cross inverts. in the end, she jumps with a rope in her and hangs herself. a different time afterward, a young man named frenchie discovers victoria's decaying body hanging in the abbey. in the next scene, in the vatican, high-ranking officials of the church informed father burke about the death of victoria. they ordered father burke to investigate the death of victoria. apparently, the church considers the act of suicide a grave sin. after that, they give father burke the information about the man who discovers the body of victoria. also, they assign a young nun named irene to help him. after that, father burke arrives at a monastery. there he meets the young nun irene. he proceeds to inform irene about the order of the church. in the next scene, father burke and irene arrive at frenchie's house. there they are able to meet frenchie, who seems to have naughty hormones as he sees irene. then frenchie introduces himself to irene by kissing her hands. however, father burke introduces himself as a priest and irene as a nun. after realizing that irene is a nun, frenchie apologizes to her for his nasty thoughts. then father burke proceeds to ask frenchie to take them to the abbey. however, frenchie seems to be reluctant to go there. then irene personally asks him to take them there. this makes him smile, and he immediately accepts their request. in the end, he takes them to the abbey using a carriage. later, father burke and irene, together with frenchie, arrive at the abbey. their father burke asks frenchie the location of victoria's body. in response, frenchie guides him towards the ice house. in the ice house, they witness the body in a sitting position. then father burke inspects the body, and he finds a key in the hand of the body. after that, they proceed to give a proper burial to the body. outside, after the burial, the three of them proceed to enter the abbey. they see that victoria's blood is still there at the front of the abbey. inside, as they walk past through a chair, irene notices a seemingly dark thing behind the chair, and she talks to her. apparently it is the abbess. then father burke sincerely talks to the abbess about the case of victoria's death. however, the abbess tells them to come back tomorrow to find answers, since there will be a vow of silence in the abbey. additionally, the abbess tells them to stay for a while in a lodging area at the convent. after that, father burke and irene proceed to stay in the lodging area at the convent. meanwhile, frenchie heads back home and passes through the forest. in the forest, he encounters a ghost nun who appears to be victoria. so he proceeds to follow it. however, as he follows the ghost none it disappears. then, in an instant, the ghost nun falls in front of him. this puts him in shock, making him fall to the ground. immediately, the ghost none attacks him as he falls to the ground, but he is able to escape when the ghost none disappears. in the end, frenchie takes a cross with him and runs away. back to the convent, irene reveals to father burke that she had several visions in the past. she adds that the thought mary points that way remains in her during those visions. in response, father burke shares to her that he also handles a boy named daniel who has visions in the past. in the past, he performed an exorcism on daniel. he is able to cast out the demon that possessed daniel. however, daniel is severely wounded by the exorcism and dies a few days later. it seems that father burke still feels guilt in the incident, as he shares the story with irene. later that night, a radio in the convent suddenly plays. then the music from the radio wakes up father burke in his room. this makes father burke go outside to check it. then he points a flashlight to the radio and suddenly, the radio turns off. after that, he proceeds to check irene in her room. while checking irene, he sees a boy who is running on the other door. then the boy runs outside. in response, he follows the boy. as he follows the boy, the boy looks back, which makes him recognize the boy. apparently, the boy appears to be a ghost of daniel. this makes him more eager to follow the boy, until he reaches the graveyard outside. there, he catches up to the boy. as it stops, suddenly, a snake comes out from the boy and attacks him. as he tries to run away, he falls down into a grave with a bell. then in an instant, a demonic force closes the grave. meanwhile, irene is alone in the convent, walking with a lamp. then she finds a group of nuns who appear to be having a ceremony. in front of the ceremony is a beheaded statue of christ. at the same time, a shadow of a nun goes around the wall of the convent. in response, she follows the shadow. suddenly, the group of nuns disappears as irene looks back. then in an instant, the creepy face of valak appears in front of her. after that, she goes to the graveyard to find father burke. there she is able to find the grave of father burke. immediately, she gets a shovel to dig the grave. in the end, she is able to save father burke from the grave. the following day, father burke and irene go to the abbey. however, only irene enters the abbey, and father burke is left at the entrance. inside the abbey, sister wanna meets irene. she shares with irene the history of the abbey. she reveals that the abbey was built by a duke during the middle ages. additionally, the duke built the abbey to open a portal from hell, which lets an evil creature walk on earth. however, the catholics arrive at the abbey to stop the duke. then the catholic successfully seals the portal using a relic with the blood of jesus. after that, the catholics occupy the abbey to perform a perpetual prayer to prevent evil from coming out of the portal. unfortunately, during the world war the abbey is bombed, which opens up the portal again. after sharing the history of the abbey. she emotionally tells irene about the creepy nun that appears in the abbey. she thinks that the creepy nun makes victoria commit suicide. suddenly, sister abigail tells irene that it's time to leave the abbey. however, the gate is already closed. this makes sister abigail let irene stay in a room in the abbey. as irene goes towards her room, a tear falls from sister abigail, as if something bad is going to happen. meanwhile, at the entrance of the abbey, the abbess tells father burke that irene is lost. then the abbess head lies down, making her appear unconscious. this makes father burke open up the veil. however, the moment he opens up the veil, the demonic hands of the abbas grab him. in response, he grabs the demonic hands and breaks them. after that, the abbess disappears. back at the inside of the abbey, irene wakes up from a creepy dream. as she wakes up, anonymous praying in front of her. suddenly, the nun disappears and balak appears behind her. then she hears the voice of wanna somewhere. in response, she goes outside the room to follow the voice. in a few moments, she arrives at the wooden door that says, god ends here. then she witnesses valic emerge from the wooden door. it seems that the ugly face of valik terrifies her. suddenly, valic attacks her and tries to get the key. however, she is able to hold the key and escape. in the hallway. as she runs away from valik, a hand instantly grabs her. apparently it is one who grabs her, one who tells her to go to the chapel to pray with the other nuns. as she leaves, the face of wanna shows concern. as irene arrives at the chapel inside the abbey, she witnesses a nun praying eagerly and a dead body covered with cloth. she proceeds to remove the cloth, which puts her in shock. the cloth reveals the dead body of juana holding a cross. after that, a group of nuns arrives and starts to pray solidly. this makes her follow them and start praying. suddenly, a demonic force makes the nuns fly away from her and beheads the statue of christ. the demonic force terrifies her, but she holds into her faith and proceeds to pray. while praying, the demonic force continues to attack her. in a few moments, father burke and frenchie arrive at the chapel. at their arrival, the demonic force disappears. then irene tells them about the group of nuns performing a prayer. however, as they look, the group of nuns disappears. apparently, the group of nuns performing the perpetual prayer is a vision of irene. they realize that they are alone all along in the abbey. then they proceed to check the dead body at the end of the chapel. suddenly, as they check it, the dead body becomes older. at this moment, they realize that victoria is the last nun in the abbey. additionally, they realize that valic aims to possess a soul to be able to wander outside of the abbey. this makes them figure out that victoria did not commit suicide, but she sacrificed herself to prevent valik from possessing her. in the end, he found the answers to their question, that is, the place is no longer holy. it seems that the film foreshadows the unholiness of the abbey using the imagery in the previous scenes, like the image of the inverted cross, the beheaded statue of christ and victoria's blood at the front of the abbey. especially victoria's blood in the front of the abbey seemingly marks the end of the performance of the perpetual prayer in the abbey. in the next scene, the three of them proceed to go towards the relic place in order to get the relic that can close the portal. however, they cannot find the relic there. meanwhile, father burke sees the hands of mary's statue pointing towards something. this gives sense to irene's thoughts during her visions, that is, mary points that way. after that, they use victoria's key to open the place where the relic is. as they open the place, they are astonished by the relic. then father burke takes the relic and he gives it to irene. after getting the relic, they proceed towards the wooden door that says, god ends here. then father burke opens up the wooden door and goes inside. immediately, irene and frenchy follow him inside. irene instructs them that they need to find the portal. after that, they walk separately to find the portal, a demon can possibly attack them. but still, they decide to search separately, which puts everything in suspense. as they walk in the hallways. then irene enters a room and steps on a demon sign. slowly, the demon sign lights up, making her scream. in response, she tries to run away. however, in front of her is a group of demonic nuns with hidden faces. in the end, the demonic nuns stop her. meanwhile, frenchy tries to find irene. then he is able to figure out that she is in a room behind the door. as he opens the door, he witnesses a group of demonic nuns with a hidden face. this terrifies him, and he decides to walk out of the room. however, he hears the voice of irene asking for help. this makes him go back, despite being in tears and terrified. then he proceeds to find irene in the middle of the demonic nuns. in a few moments, the demonic nuns walk away and reveal irene in an unusual pose. after that, he slowly removes the cloth that hides irene's face. apparently, irene is already possessed by valik. then balak attacks him and calls him a frenchman. in response, frenchy hilariously tells valik that he is french canadian and not a frenchman. after that, he instantly wipes the blood of christ from the relic to the face of irene. as a result, the blood of christ removes valic from irene. immediately, phallic chokes frenchie until he becomes unconscious. meanwhile, balak also screams at irene, which makes her fly to a water pool. meanwhile, father burke is running towards irene in the hallway. however, a snake from the demonic daniel chokes him. then as he grabs it, a snake bites his eyes. in the end, he's able to escape from the snake, and he goes to irene at the water pool. meanwhile, the ugly face of alex slowly emerges from the water. this makes irene tremble in fear. then in an instant, valak drowns irene in the water. in response, father burke performs a prayer to fight valik. however, valak screams at him, which makes him fly away. meanwhile, irene puts the blood of christ from the relic in her mouth. then the moment valak holds her up, she spits blood onto the ugly face of alec. the blood of christ burns the ugly face of valic, which makes it even uglier. in the end, the portal successfully drags away valik. meanwhile, irene is drowning underwater. immediately, frenchie arrives to save her. however, she is unconscious as frenchy drags her from the water. in response, frenchy performs mouth-to-mouth cpr on irene in order to save her. after that, irene gains consciousness. then frenchie apologizes to irene for performing a tongue massage on her. it tells her that it is only a non-hormone kiss in order to save her. in response, irene thanks him for saving her life. in the next scene, father burke, irene and frenchie are about to leave the abbey through a carriage. then, as they are about to leave, frenchie puts his hands in his nape. in his nape there is an inverted cross mark. in the end, they proceed to leave the abbey. the movie ends in a lecture room 20 years later. in the lecture, the teacher shows footage of an exorcism case. in the footage, frenchie is seemingly possessed by balak. additionally, beside frenchie is lorraine, the protagonist from the conjuring films. the encounter of a possessed frenchie and lorraine in the footage appears to relate this film to the conjuring films. additionally, balak is the demon that haunts lorraine in the conjuring films. this means that this film explains the origin of valak and also shows how it reaches lorraine and her family. in the conjuring films, apparently, balak is able to possess frenchie during their encounter in the abbey. it is no coincidence that frenchie is a world traveler, which allows valik to reach a far away place. this means that in the end, alex successfully walks out of the confines of the abbey, cast evil in the world. this is daniel cc movie, channel, peace out. 