Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an American Science fiction, psychological thriller film called The Butterfly Effect: Chapter. 3, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. This movie is the third and final installment in the butterfly effect franchise. The movie starts with the Protagonist Sam. We see him in a park, sneaking on a woman and child, and then we see him witnessing the woman being killed. He then wakes up in an ice-filled bathtub, his brain is being monitored by his sister, Jenna. She asks what he saw but he avoids the question, and he leaves. He then goes to police station, one of the officers speculate that he\xe2\x80\x99s psychic. Sam, then identifies the man he saw in his vision. They are amazed since he has helped police in identifying 22 criminals in exchange of some money. Detective Dan Glenn asks him that if he\xe2\x80\x99s psychic then he should be able to tell how he met his wife. Sam smiles and leaves. Then we see Sam, paying rent and all the bills of his sister, who is always isolated in her apartment. They talk a bit, then Jenna asks him, that when she was 15 years old, there was a fire in the house, and she was locked in the room. So, how did Sam, entered the house from outside and rescued her, he says he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want to talk about it, and he leaves. Later that night, we see Elizabeth, the sister of Sam\xe2\x80\x99s murdered girlfriend Rebecca arrives at Sam\xe2\x80\x99s apartment. She has a theory that the man who is about to be executed for her sister\xe2\x80\x99s murder, Lonnie Flennons, is innocent. She says, she found a diary of her sister, in which she found a confession that her sister was cheating on Sam with Lonnie, and he can\xe2\x80\x99t be the actual killer since they were seeing each other behind his back. So, she wants Sam to find the actual murderer. He denies it by saying it\xe2\x80\x99s too complicated and she leaves. The next day, he meets, Goldberg, a man he met in his previous time travel journeys. Goldberg tries to be T.V.A. And reminds him of the strict rules: He is only supposed to observe the past events. He is not supposed to change the past or it will change the future as well, by giving example. In Flashback, When Sam was 15, a house fire would have killed Jenna, but same couldn\xe2\x80\x99t see his sister dying so he rescued her, which resulted in the fire killing his parents. Which is consequence of Meddling with time, he then leaves. We see Vicki, the bartender, she seduces Sam, and they both change hormones for few seconds, until Sam remembers her dead girlfriend and he becomes soft. Next day, He decides to help Elizabeth. He goes and meets Lonnie and tells him about the diary that he knows they both had an affair, and which explains he is not the killer. Lonnie then speculates that Sam killed Rebecca since she was cheating on him. At home, Sam gets ready to travel back in time when Rebecca was killed, Jenna says he shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t alter the past, which he replies he made the rules. He then travels to 1998, he bumps into the drunk Elizabeth, and he tells her to stay in car and lock the doors. Since he knows Rebeca\xe2\x80\x99s killer might be around. He goes upstairs, and finds Rebeca\xe2\x80\x99s body slaughtered in half, and in the car, someone attacks Elizabeth and kills her from behind too. Sam returns to present, and he finds out that, he is renting his sofa to some dude called Pako, and that he no longer owns a car. He goes to police station and learns that he is the main suspect of the Rebecca\xe2\x80\x99s murder case, since his prints were found near the house. They tell him that there is a serial killer on the loose, who has killed 8 women including Rebecca and Elizabeth in last decade. Later, he calls his sister and finds out that, Lonnie, who was a suspect in other reality is now a Lawyer, she tells him that he needs to stop jumping between timelines. He meets Lonnie\xe2\x80\x99s and asks him about his whereabouts on the night of the murder. He said that night Rebecca asked him to meet up since Sam wasn\xe2\x80\x99t around but when he saw Sam outside the he left instead. He then shows him that he is handicapped in this timeline, so Sam leaves. However, like last time Lonnie, again accuses Sam of the murders. Next day, Sam visits Goldberg, and Goldberg says he tried saving one life, but it resulted in death of 8 women by a serial killer, and he shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t meddle with time. Then he says he shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t go back in the night of Rebecca\xe2\x80\x99s murder which will boil his brain, instead he should visit the scene of third murder, but only observe this time, and do not do anything but just see the face of killer and then report the killer to police, so when he comes back in time the killer will be in the prison. Sam tries sniffing a flower, and Goldberg refuses by saying it will make him paralyzed for one hour. Later, Sam meets Jenna, and she refuses to him by saying there are always consequences of his actions, so he leaves. He then gets ready to travel back to see the third victim Anita Barnes, He breaks into the house and hides in a closet upon hearing some noise. Then we see Anita arriving, and she is attacked by a man who tries to rape her, but later we see, they were trying to fantasize a rape fetish. She says she likes it, but her boyfriend is uncomfortable, he then goes to closet to get some clothes and Sam is discovered, He gives Sam a superman punch, and Sam returns to present. We see Pako, asking Sam to pay for the rent of couch. Later, He goes to Goldberg and finds out that he is missing since many years. At this point, we can say that things have changed drastically from meddling with time. He then decides to go and see Anita, the third supposed victim, to know what she is doing after the encounter. She says she has restraint order against him, since he was hiding in her closet, and she pepper sprays him. He then goes to meet his siter, she finds out that he time traveled again without telling her, so she is mad, he asks her how Anita Barnes is still alive, he said Goldberg could have explained what\xe2\x80\x99s going on, but he is missing. She says it\xe2\x80\x99s good that he is missing, she then claims that Goldberg tried convicting Sam of all the murders, she then claims further that she erased the evidence so that Sam can escape, and that future Sam is the serial killer. He is shocked and cannot accept that he can kill anyone, he breaks down that the only thing he wants to do is help people not hurt anyone, and he promises not to time travel again. He then goes to the bar and visits Vicki, the bartender. He asks if she can come over for hormone sandwich, but she says she is engaged now, he says maybe in another life, and decides to leave. Once he leaves, we see someone dressed like Texas chainsaw guy and cutting her in half. The next day, the Detectives find out that Vicki is dead, and Sam was the last customer to leave. So, they arrest him for interrogation. Detective Glenn accuses him of being the serial killer, when Jenna comes with a lawyer, Sam steals the evidence notebook of Detective. He is bailed and they go to home, where he gets ready to travel back in time. He goes to the place where they found bodies of other victims to see the serial killer, he looks a bit and finds \xe2\x80\x9cWelcome Home\xe2\x80\x9d, written on the wall, and he returns to the present. He finds himself on Jenna\xe2\x80\x99s couch and she leaves for work, and tells him that she paid all the bills, and asks him if he can cook dinner for them. In other timeline Sam used to cover everything, their roles are reversed now. He then, tries to find a pattern for the murders, and he goes to the place where they found bodies, as walks inside, looking for clues, the team of detectives arrest him. In police station, the detective tells him that Sam is charged for killing 7 Women and 1 Man, he asks who was the man and finds out Lonnie, is also murdered. In the lockup, he sees Detective Glenn, and tries to convince him that the killer is still outside, he is not buying all this since evidence are against him. Then Sam tells him that how detective met his wife his wife mistook Glenn for M.C. Hammer on their first meeting. Glenn comes back since only he and his wife knows about this, he says he travelled back in time and saw it in other timeline when Glenn asked him for the first time about it. Glenn releases Sam by saying find that Son of the. Later, Sam goes to Jenna\xe2\x80\x99s house and finds some flowers by Goldberg. he sniffs them which turns out to be the one that paralyzes you. He still manages to go in tub and travel back in time, He goes to the same abandoned place, and finds Goldberg brutally slaughtered. Running for help Sam falls to the ground by a foothold trap. The killer approaches him, and revealing herself, it is Jenna. She says Surprise, and reveals she can travel in time as well just like her brother. She loves for her brother like Alabama sweet home. Also, that she killed Rebecca, since Rebecca was cheating on Sam. Further, she had to kill the other women because she perceived them as rivals for Sam's affections like Vicki, who was changing hormones with Sam in one timeline. And other ones because they were new witnesses, result of Sam's rescue attempts. She tries to kiss Sam but he looks away and he travels back to the day of the fire that killed his parents; and this time instead of saving Jenna, he traps her in her burning room. Knowing what the future holds. And saves his parents. He then wakes up in a timeline in which he has married Elizabeth. They have a daughter called Jenna; they go to their house. Where he is greeted by his parents, Rebecca, and a healthy Goldberg. Sam's daughter Jenna puts her fashion doll on the grill and smiles as it burns. Then the movie ends, Let me know in the comments what would you have done to prevent all this, and please like and subscribe, it really helps the channel. 