[Music]. narcos is back with a new aesthetic and cast of characters. the first season is just dropped, so I thought I'd discuss the finale and the real-life events that inspired the show. there will be heavy spoilers, so if you haven't seen season 1 of narcos Mexico, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. but everyone else, welcome to the channel and definition. and I roon it so you don't have to. we follow DEA agent, Kiki, played by Michael Pena. Kiki is an ambitious agent with his back against the wall that is trying to do good in the war on drugs. like the season that preceded it, narcosis based on actual events. and a lot of what happens in the show happened in real life too. so if you already googled the character, then you've likely seen that he comes to a tragic end. but how did it all happen? well, throughout the show, Kiki is tracking a drug trafficker named Felix and Gallardo. in real life, Felix was described as the Bill Gates of cocaine, and his wealth was phenomenal. the show beautifully demonstrates how he was able to set the stage for the likes of Pablo Escobar and El Chapo. throughout the show, Felix bribes and corrupts the US. and Mexican government so that he's able to operate freely due to their corruption. he graduates from selling marijuana to cocaine and rises quickly through the ranks to become my kingpin. the show expertly highlights how people like Kiki were betrayed and sent to their deaths because of greed. episode 10 climaxes with Kiki being tortured by Felix for information on the ins and outs of the anti drug operations. but the character does not give in. in real life, Kiki was tortured at Gallardo ranch over a 30-hour period before being killed. his skull, jaw, nose, cheekbones and windpipe were crushed. his ribs were broken and hole was drilled into his head with the power drill. he had been injected with amphetamines and other drugs, most likely to ensure that he remain conscious while being tortured. it's a horrendous death. I really forced the US. government to realize that the Mexican police were corrupt, and they began taking things into their own in order to avoid another high-profile murder. Kiki's death had a huge impact on the war on drugs, as it forced the u.s. to really analyze the situation and to go above and beyond the confines of jurisdiction. Kiki's death really started the war on drugs. and I absolutely loved the end of monologue that discusses that both sides are now fighting about how at this level. the final scene showcases that the u.s. is now using its own secret agents to infiltrate the country and take out the list of top drug traffickers at any cost. in real life, felix was arrested in 1987, but it was until 1989 that he was officially charged. Felix and his family were moved from city to city and enjoyed the benefits at the corruption amongst law enforcement gave them. the arrest of Felix really exposed the corruption and showcased just how deep Iran even behind bars. Felix was able to continue drug trafficking through the use of mobile phones. however, police managed to put a stop to this by moving him to a 240 by 440 centimeter cell in a maximum-security prison. he was not allowed to leave this area and often complained that it was torturous. Felix still lives to this day and paying for the horrendous crimes he committed in order to become rich. the show doesn't capture this, but at least there's some solace in the fact that Kiki's death wasn't for nothing. so what are your thoughts on the new narco season? did you expect the tragic ending, and how would you rank this run against the other seasons? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big TV finale, American Horror Story. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 