cinema synopses. spoiler alert. in 2013, aliens and giant monsters called kaiju through a portal between dimensions called the bridge. after many cities were destroyed and multiple kaiju attack, they learned this was not gonna stop who needed a new weapon. the leaders of the world decide to join together. and in the classic style of many Japanese giant robot animes, bill massive robots called Yeager's to fight monsters, we created monsters of our own. as a single pilot wouldn't be able to handle a Jaeger, a two-pilot system was implemented with a process called drifting that created a neural bridge. after building the Eagers, we're not really good at it, winning. seven years later, brothers rally and Yancey beckon, pilots for the Jaeger [ __ ] danger, are called to defend against the kaiju knife head. the brothers suit up, get into their Jaeger and sync up. ready to step into my head. kids after you age before beauty, yes. they launch from their base and Anchorage, feeling fearless. see how hurricane come that you have to get out of the way. but when you're in a Jaeger, suddenly you can fight the are again. they decide to go against their orders and rescue a small fishing boat with the power of Inception, the egg reception. before attacking knifehead, they think they killed my head with their plasma cannon, but it jumps out of the water and severs [ __ ] dangers left arm. it then rips the ensign out of the cockpit, killing him and forcing rally to finish off. the kaijus solo rally, makes his way to shore in [ __ ] danger and collapses on the shore, subsequently quitting after being traumatized by his brother's death. the world governments decide to retire the Jaeger program and move the shatterdome in Hong Kong. instead, they invest in building a massive wall along the coast, which turns out to be little more than a decoration. as kaijus, marshal Pentecost rallies old commander attempts to convince rally to return, saying and Agha Springs rally to the shatterdome where he meets maka moody, Pentecost adopted daughter and director of the Jaeger restoration program, where she expresses her disappointment scouting. the Jaeger program is operating at a minimum. and crimson typhoon and striker, Eureka, we're gonna strap a 2,400 pound thermonuclear warhead to strikers back. scientists, Herman Gottlieb, a mathematician, and Newton Gessler, a biologist, each proposed different theories about the kaiju. according to God leave, the breech will stabilize and the number of kaiju will increase, eventually resulting in Gessler drifts with a piece of kaiju brain, against pentecost's orders, and discovers their colonists. Pentecost orders Gessler to get in touch with the black-market boss Hannibal Chau to get a fresh kaiju brain. Gessler reveals to Chow that he House says that drifting is a it's a two-way street. and the kaiju simultaneously learned about Gessler. and maybe those kaiju trying to find you rally attend some tryouts where Macko tries to find him a drift compatible copilot. and he suggests, how about we give her a shot? don't think your brightest can cut in the ring with me. after sparring, Raley decides that she's Michael on. the two tests their neural compatibility and sync. but suddenly, Macko gets lost in the drift. [Music] Mako's memories revealed that she was saved by pentecost during a kaiju attack. [Music], explaining why Pentecost wanted to protect her, you rescued her, raised her. you are holding her back. prophesized. double event happens, and two kaijus emerge. watching leatherback, all of the acres except [ __ ] danger, are deployed. Itachi rips the head off of typhoon, killing its pilots, and then sprays acid at Cherno alpha, melting its armor. leatherback drowns and kills the pilots at turn well, then paralyzes strike Eureka with an EMP blast. [ __ ] danger is sent to defend Hong Kong and defeats both. King Kong, I mean, leatherback, I think this guy's dead. let's check for pulse. no pulse. and Toula deployed. it turns out little touchy was pregnant. and Hannibal points out. the baby kaiju that comes out is strangled by its Boca. car tyre Ranas neck before getting eaten by it. Gessler and Gottlieb drift with the baby Kaidu brain and learn because to get through the breach, they with Herc injured. Pentecost decides to copilot the striker Eureka with Chuck. and together with rally and Macko, in the [ __ ] danger, they taped the bomb to the breach and faced the kaiju SCADA. and watch a third massive kaiju joined the two already there. and they gang up on the two jagers, critically damaging [ __ ] danger turns ride you into sashimi. then striker Eureka detonates the ball. they're gonna detonate the pill. you take it on its back, - supposedly kill the other two. the biggest hide you survive. but rally in Mokpo ride its body into the breach. Mako's oxygen supply is cut off, so rally gives her his and then ejects her to safety. it's okay. finish this and then activate the nuclear self-destruct in [ __ ] danger. rally ejects to safety, while [ __ ] danger explodes, killing a bunch of the evil Christopher Columbus, wannabe alien colonists their City and the breach itself, Oh mah Co and rally surface and herc the new marshal, makes the order to signify the human victory. in a mid credit scene, Hannibal finally emerges from the carcass of the baby kaiju. where's my god damn. here are some fun Easter eggs and trivia from Pacific Rim. kaiju is a Japanese word that literally translates to strange beasts. it is usually used to refer to giant monsters from Japanese science fiction films, such as Godzilla in 1954. [ __ ] danger is named after the de Havilland [ __ ] aircraft engine. this was intended as a nostalgic nod to the World War 2 era, which was a major influence in the design of the robot. in Hungary, the trailers for the movie could not mention the name of the main robot, [ __ ] danger, since the name was seen as offensive to gypsy or Roma people, who form a large ethnic group in the country. in the dub of the movie itself, the name is spoken freely, but it is left in English. Pacific Rim Zegers are a staple of Japanese anime, where they are often referred to as mecha. similar to many mecha anime series, acres are controlled from within by human pilots, distinguishing them from other depictions of robots as automated, sentient or externally controlled. [Music] 