hey people. john here from fast films, and today we're going through a 2009 horror thriller called my bloody valentine. the movie starts with a news report of a fire that broke out at hanniger mines. it is assumed that a man called tom henniger, who is the son of henniger mind's owner, is responsible for the incident, as he forgot to vent the methane lines that caused the collapse. the rescuers recover five dead bodies and only one survivor, harry warden, who is found delusional and violent. the news report also reveals that the five dead miners were killed with the blunt force of a pickaxe, and not because of the mine cave in. harry warden killed the other miners to conserve oxygen in the collapsed mine. he is in the hospital now, and chances are very slim that he will ever come out of coma. one year later, on valentine's day, warden awakens from his coma and murders numerous patients and staff sheriff burke arrives at the hospital and finds a victim's heart in a box of chocolates. in the next scene, a teenage couple, irene and axel, wait for their friends, sarah and tom at the party inside the mine. when sarah and tom arrive, tom asks her to join the party until he gets back with beer. when she goes inside the mine, she searches for irene and axel, but suddenly meets a teenager boy who frightens her by wearing mining gear and a gas mask. as soon as that boy jokes around with sarah about dressing up like harry warden, he gets attacked from behind by warden with a pickaxe. sarah runs screaming and discovers the dead bodies of other teenagers in the mine. suddenly, irene and axel show up and take her to a corner in the mine. warden looks for them in the mine and finds a boy who is searching for his friend, jason. when warden kills that boy with the pickaxe, sarah and her friends get terrified and run outside. while running, axel loses balance and falls on the ground. warden attempts to kill him, but sarah hits him. warden is then interrupted by a girl, whom he kills with a spade. meanwhile, tom shows up, but sarah and axel take him and run outside. sarah, axel and irene succeed at running towards the car outside the mine, but tom gets attacked by warden. sarah tries to go back to save tom, but axel forcefully gets her inside the car and they leave. tom runs inside the mine to hide himself, but he gets caught by warden. eventually, when warden tries to attack him with the pickaxe, sheriff burke arrives and shoots him before he can kill tom. but wharton staggers away deeper into the mine. ten years later, it is told that harry warden killed 22 people, and he was then buried alive in the very mine he once worked. axel is now the harmony town sheriff, and he has married sarah, but he is having an affair with her co-worker, megan. megan meets axel secretly at a shack in the woods on valentine's day and excitedly tells him about her pregnancy, but axel seems disappointed. in the next scene, tom visits the hanniger mines manager, ben foley. he tells ben about his decision of selling the mine. but this angers him, because the mine was the source of income for the people in the town. tom tells him that the mine has been outdated since his childhood, but his father never realized this. before leaving. he tells ben that this is his final decision, as he is the majority shareholder. at night, tom is staying at a motel where irene is spending valentine's night with a guy. the guy breaks up with irene and leaves her room enraged. irene follows him with a gun to threaten him. but the guy gets killed by an assailant in the head with a pickaxe. irene gets terrified and runs back to her room and hides under the bed. the assailant goes after her and checks her room. meanwhile, the hospitality worker comes looking into the room for her dog, lewis. when the assailant hides himself in the closet. the hospitality worker thinks that her dog is there. as she approaches the closet, the assailant comes out and attacks her. he then follows irene's quavering voice and finds her under the bed. at first she tries to protect herself by kicking him, but gets stabbed to death. eventually. the next day, sheriff axel arrives at the motel and finds that the assailant has removed irene's heart. at the motel's reception, he finds out the name of tom henniger in the registration list. tom meets sarah coincidentally at her grocery store and learns that she has married axel and has a son. sarah asks him where he has been since 10 years she tells him that she and her friends thought he was dead. she feels sorry for his father's death. sarah's coworker, megan, overhears their conversation and comes to know that they were past lovers. sarah goes home and meets her son, noah, and then goes into her room. she looks at an old picture of her with tom. she calls axel, who tells her that irene has been murdered last night. the camera footage from the incident at the motel reveals that the killer is dressed as a minor, starting rumors that warden has returned. after a while, axel receives a box of chocolates containing irene's heart. tom goes to a bar where former sheriff burke's colleagues blame him for the incident at haniger mines and tell him that warden has returned to kill him. when axel is at home, sarah goes to his room and finds him watching the cctv footage of the incident at the motel. axel tells her that the assailant is probably tom, who has returned to the town to sell the mines. then he asks sarah to let him know if tom meets her again. in the morning, tom meets sarah before her store and apologizes to her for his 10-year absence. sarah tells him that he will regret his decision of selling the mines, as they meant a lot to his family. when she tells him that the town depends on that mine, tom tells her that he is not concerned about that. tom arrives at the mine to meet ben, but while looking for him, he gets attacked by the assailant, who locks him inside the utility cage. the assailant murders the mineworker red, accompanying tom, and vanishes before the mineworkers arrive and rescue tom. at the hospital, tom insists that warden has returned and he killed red right before him. axel tells him that it is impossible. and then he reveals that warden was never buried alive because his father and ben killed him, and sheriff burke covered that murder up. axel, ben and tom, along with sarah and sheriff burke, visit the woods where warden's body was buried, but find that the grave is empty. ben tells them that the animals in the woods might have got him. axel leaves in frustration and asks tom to visit him at the police station. at the station, axel investigates tom about the mineworker's murder. he asks tom about why he has changed his mind and decided to stay in the town. tom says that sarah actually settled for axel. this annoys axel, and he asks deputy martin to lock him up, but he tells him that he cannot do this because the mine foreman has confirmed that tom was found inside the utility cage when the workers arrive. when tom is released from custody, he visits the mine and suspects someone's presence there. he searches in the woods and finds the shack that axel and megan have been using for their affair. the mine manager, ben foley, is killed by the assailant at his home. the next day, sarah visits axel at his office and learns that ben is missing. axel tells him that he has lost track of tom and asks her if she has met him lately. meanwhile, deputy martin shows up and tells axel that ben's body has been found. axel and his team find ben's body in warden's grave. axel realizes that the killer must be one of the few people aware of warden's grave, and he becomes increasingly suspicious of tom. at night, when sarah is with megan in the store, the murderer attacks them. they somehow run and lock themselves up in the stockroom. megan tries to unlock the window to the back alley, and the assailant keeps on hitting the stockroom's door with the help of his pickaxe. eventually, megan succeeds at opening the window, but when she gets half out of it, the murderer shows up in the back alley and attacks her. he then attempts to hit sarah through the window, but she escapes and presses the emergency button to summon police. she runs towards the store's entrance door and finds axel. then they both find megan's dead body with her heart removed, in the back alley. the murderer leaves her body next to the wall with be mine forever written in blood. sarah tells axel that the murderer is probably behind him. she reveals that she knew about his affair with megan. the murderer breaks into axel's house and kills his maid, rosa former sheriff burke shows up and meets sheriff ferris, who is outside axel's house. he tells her that the murderer is in the house. ferris goes inside the house, while sheriff burke searches for the murderer outside. when ferris finds rose's dead body in the washing machine, she screams and calls sheriff burke, but the murderer kills him with the pickaxe. at the hospital, sarah receives a call from tom, who tells her that the murderer is not harry warden. he tells her that he needs to meet her to show her something at axel's cabin. then tom picks sarah from the hospital and tells her on their way that axel is responsible for all the murderers. he tells her that she has no idea of what axel is capable of. meanwhile, axel calls sarah and tells her that she should not trust tom, as he has found that tom has spent the last seven years in a mental institution. he tells her that tom went to their house and killed their maid. he also tells her that tom followed their son, noah. axel apologizes to her for cheating on her and asks her that she can leave him after all this is over. sarah hangs up the call, pretending it was from her mother. then sarah asks tom to drop her as she wants to check on noah. but tom becomes violent and forces her to trust him. sarah grabs the steering wheel and crashes the car in the woods by the mine. she escapes into the woods and calls axel, who asks her to hide in his cabin in the woods. sarah hides in axel's cabin and discovers evidence of his affair with megan and a tower of empty valentine gift boxes. she also finds the old picture of her and tom. the murderer shows up in the cabin and tries to attack her, but she manages to escape through the window. he chases her into the mine. while hiding from the murderer, axel shows up, and sarah grabs his gun. she points the gun at him and tells him that he has committed all the murders and used to put the hearts in the valentine gift boxes. axel tells her that tom has done everything, but she doesn't believe him. suddenly, tom shows up. and sarah holds the two men at gunpoint as they each accuse the other of being the murderer. tom mentions the way megan was killed, but sarah asks him how he knows about her death. tom tells her that she told her about it on the phone, but her sarah is sure that she did not inform him about it. she points the gun at tom. tom hallucinates, and it is revealed that the murderer is suffering from split personality. a flashback shows him digging up warden's mining gear and committing the murders. axel and tom get into a fight that results in axel getting badly injured with the pickaxe. when sarah shoots at tom, he runs away, but shows up again. he smashes the tunnel's light with the pickaxe, sarah and axel hide themselves and find that they only have one bullet to kill tom with. when tom approaches them, sarah shoots him, and the bullet strikes a fuel tank, which explodes. sarah and axel are rescued from the explosion. tom also survives, murdering the rescue worker who finds him. thanks for watching, guys, 