we should head back to the wall to the dead. frighten. you know about lies. I saw, I saw, I saw White Walkers. it's a freak. it's a direwolf. there are five pups, one for each of the stark children. what about you? I'm not a stark. run to the litter. that one's yours. snow told me there was a raven from King's Landing. Jon Arryn is dead. The Raven brought more news. the King rides for Winterfell. he's coming this far north. then. the one thing he's after, Lord Eddard Stark, I would name you the hand of the king. I'm not worthy of the honor. if your sister had lived, would have been bound by blood. well, it's not too late. I have a son. you have a daughter. will join our houses. may I present my honored guests this series of House Targaryen, the third of his name, and his sister, Daenerys, of House Targaryen, Khal Drogo has never been defeated with a savage of course, he is one of the finest killers alive. I know how to play a man like Drogo. I give him a queen and he gives me an army dragons eggs. Daenerys, from the shadow lands beyond. - I the ages have turned them to stone, but they will always be beautiful. a rider in the night. premiere, sister, she says, Jon Arryn was murdered by the Lannisters. she says, the king is in danger. stop the things I do for love. I have something for you. be careful you don't cut yourself. I wish I could be here when you wake up. I'm going north with Uncle Benjen. I'm taking the black welcome Daenerys Targaryen. has we'd some Dothraki horselord? what of it do we send her a wedding gift? knife, perhaps, a good, sharp one. you're not supposed to be here. it's dead already. No, I don't think bran fell from that Tower. I think he was thrown. someone tried to kill him twice. why did you notice the dagger the killer used? it still finer weapon. Lord stark must be told of this. I don't trust a raven to carry these words. I will go myself one day. you can. I must country Ned see to it that your daughter is disciplined. I'll do the same with my son. gladly. your grace and what of the direwolf? what of the Beast that savaged your son? [Music]. my brother instructs us to stage a tournament in honor of Lord Starks, appointment as hand of the king. whose sword is that? mine? if you got on so on a sword, you better know how to use it. it's true, isn't it? what maester Luwin says about my legs? Valyrian steel. do you know whose dagger this is? I must admit I do not. I lost this dagger to whom? Tyrion Lannister, the IMP who everybody knew what this place was, and no one told me. no one but you. my father knew. when was last time you bleed? Khaleesi, you change. Khaleesi. the Khaleesi have baby inside her. I'm sorry to see you leave. Lannister. take care now. I will, my lord. who are you? your dancing master? Syrio Forel, this is the Bravo's dance, the water dance. it is Swift and sudden. no Jon often came to me for counsel. why you came inquiring after a book, a book, a book the niches and history of the Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms, with descriptions of many High Lords and Noble ladies and their children. John's death such a tragedy. did he say anything to you in his final hours? the seed is strong, I think it was. the seed is strong. I have my observers, as I said, and it's possible that they saw Lord Arryn visit this armorer several times in the weeks before his death. and Lord Arryn came to visit you. what would you talk about? just ask me questions. is all my lord? your mother, she died when I was little. sure. y'all over here, look at me. find anything. King Robert's bastard. sooner. I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki. I am the wife of the great Khal and I carry his son inside me. the next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands. lady Stark, what an unexpected pleasure. I was sorry to miss you at Winterfell. this man came into my house as a guest and there conspired to murder my son. in the name of King Robert and the good Lords you serve, I call upon you to seize him too. I await the King's justice. I had nothing to do with the attempt on your son's life medaka found a lot of imbecile arms. an assassin with his own blade. what sort of doom does the King face? the same sort as Jon Arryn. he was hand for 17 years, 17 good years. why kill him? he started asking questions. it's about your wife, my lord. she's taken the IMP. the [ __ ] is pregnant. you're speaking of murdering a child. I want them dead, mother and child both. and that fool Viserys as well. is that plain enough for you? based on whose information? sir Jorah Mormont. he is serving as advisor to the Targaryens. she dies, I will have no part in it. you wrote me about the Lannisters, warning me to stay away from them, not to bring one here. sir, Vardis my sister's guest. is weary. take him down below so he can rest. you got sleep. dwarf man, I don't want no jewels or nothing. just him. the king was always good to me. she has his nose, his black hair. when Jon Arryn came to visit you, what did he want? he just wanted to know if the child was happy. happy. what do you know of King Robert's bastards? well, he has more than you I'm looking for my brother. you remember my brother, don't you? Lord Stark? he was taken at my command to answer for his crimes. you kill me. your brother's a dead man. you're right. take him alive. my brother. little stark, what aback? 