welcome to the man of recaps. this is the umbrella academy season one. back in 1989, there were 43 mysterious births from women who were not previously pregnant. eccentric billionaire and adventurer, sir reginald hargreaves went around the world collecting them. he got seven of them, and they did indeed develop superpowers. so he formed them into a child superhero squad, the umbrella academy. in the present, they've all grown up. number one is luther. he's got super strength and is living on the moon. more on that later. number two, diego, has super knife throwing powers and is still doing the whole master vigilante thing. number three, alison, has become a movie star. she has the power to control people if she says, i heard a rumor you do that thing. number four is klaus, the hilarious, eccentric drug addict who absolutely steals every scene he's in. number five disappeared at a young age. and number six had crazy tentacle monster powers, but he died young too. but he's managed to stay in touch with his brother klaus. that's klaus's power, he can talk to the dead. last and least is number seven, vanya. she was not on the team because she didn't have any superpowers. she's just an ordinary, average violin player who wrote an expose on their family, which was also meh. but now their adopted father died, so the gang's back together for the funeral. luther's the only one who stuck by dad all these years. the rest of them hated him because he was a terrible father. only cared about the superhero team. had no idea how to raise kids. they were basically raised by their nanny, who they call mom, and she is, by the way, a robot. also their butler, pogo, the genetically modified, intelligent chimpanzee, because that's just how sir original hargreaves rolled. so these siblings don't really get along, but their unique upbringing has bonded them together. there's a beautiful scene where luther cranks the music and they're all dancing in their own weird way in different rooms of the house. it's really fun. but that night, the mysterious portal opens in the backyard, and outfalls a kid. who is this? it's their long-lost brother, number five. he's got teleporting powers, and one day, as a kid, he tried to teleport through time. it worked, but he couldn't get back. he's been stuck in the future for 40-something years. and so it's hilarious, because he's a grumpy middle-aged man back in his 13 year old body. he goes to the nearby donut shop for a coffee, but he's accosted by a bunch of armed goons. he's not surprised to see them though, and they have an epic phyto he's teleporting around like nightcrawler and x-men 2. who heard those guys? what's going on? well, five finally comes clean to vania that the future he was in was post-apocalyptic. he was finally able to come back to stop the apocalypse, which is in just a week. his only clue is a prosthetic eye that theoretically belongs to the person responsible. he tries to get answers, but the adults aren't taking him seriously. so he recruits his brother klaus, who is technically an adult class, is just the right kind of crazy though, to get answers. unfortunately, there's no answers to get. that eye has not been sold yet. now it's romance time. luther and alison have always had kind of a crush on each other. they're adopted. it's fine. some years back she got married, though, but now they're breaking up. ooh. but she's super sad. she's lost custody of her daughter, so not the time to make a move. one night, she used her rumor power to make her daughter go to sleep. every parent's dream, but in reality, very not cool. diego has a crush on detective patch. they actually used to date, but now he's mostly just a pain in her butt. vanya has a new boyfriend too, leonard peabody. he signed up for her violin lessons and is a really nice, average guy, just like her. they hit it off. five has mentioned that he wasn't alone in the apocalypse. he had a wife, delores. unfortunately, she is a mannequin. now meet time traveling assassins hazel and cha-cha. they're hilarious though because of how they treat their super crazy, cool job as very mundane. they are very good at their job, though. in track down five, shooting up this department store wearing hilarious mascot masks. why? because it's cool. luther, meanwhile's been investigating dad's death. and turns out mom either intentionally or accidentally poisoned him. she has no memory of this and is acting spacier than usual. so they think maybe her programming is corrupted. we'll have to shut her down. diego in particular, is very against this. he had a special relationship with mom. she helped him overcome his stutter as a kid. but talking to her in the present, he's got to admit she's not really all there. and so it's a tearful scene as he shuts her down. pogo turns it back on though. these two have some sort of secret. anyway, hazel and chacha find the house and start shooting it up, but they weren't expecting it to be full of former child superheroes. they drop a chandelier on luther to escape, but he's fine. those aren't normal giant muscles. they're gorilla giant muscles. oh, that's new. after all, his siblings left to lead their own lives. he was the only one that stuck around and went on missions for dad. on one of them, he was grievously injured, and the only way to save him was the experimental gorilla formula. oh, he's super hairy. now, while this whole fight was going on. klaus was blissfully ignorant, so hazel and chacha kidnapped him on their way out. they tried torturing him, but mostly he's into it, and he doesn't know anything anyway. he does remember, though, that five mentioned the apocalypse. and so hazel and chacha realize if they do their job and kill five, they'll be causing the apocalypse, which gives hazel second thoughts. as a side effect of being kidnapped, though, klaus is starting to sober up, which gives him a better connection to ghosts. in fact, that's why he's high all the time. it's the only way to shut him out. now, though, he finds himself surrounded by all the people hazel and chacha have killed, and when he starts talking to him. for him, hazel's having even more doubts. he loves donuts and is starting to have a crush on the donut girl, agnes. she wants to retire and travel the country bird watching. and hazel's like, yeah, you know, that simple life sounds kind of nice. around this time, diego is patching things up with patch she is a good detective, and finds klaus almost immediately. but unfortunately, oh, no, she gets shot. diego is super sad, and now, unfortunately, his prints are all of the crime scene. during the fight, class escaped through the air vent, which is where hazel hit their time travel briefcase. so klaus grabs it on his way out, and when he goes to open it, poof, teleported through time. he pops back up the next morning, but it's been a whole year for him. he landed in the middle of the vietnam war, where he accidentally enlisted. he met a real nice guy named dave, and they fell in love. but no, dave died in combat. and now klaus is determined to sober up so he can see dave again. things are going great, by the way, with vania and leonard. but today she's auditioning for first chair, and she's out of her anxiety meds. so she starts to play and is average as usual. but wait, something's different this time. oh, these guys are enraptured. and she gets it. but leonard has a secret. he intentionally dumped her meds. what's going on with him? now? five finally fills in his brothers about the apocalypse and how they all die, trying to stop it. after fortius years of surviving the apocalypse alone, he met a mysterious woman. she's called the handler and works for a time travel commission that makes sure history happens as it's supposed to. she's here to recruit five to become a time travel assassin. and so he spent years going around making sure history happened. one day though, right before assassinating jfk, he finally figured out how he could travel back for it to work, though, his body reverted to its 13 year old self. and that brings us up to speed. long story short, he arranges a meet with hazel and chacha, but it's interrupted by their brother's class in diego bustin in an ice cream truck. time freezes though, for all but five. the handlers come back to recruit him again. he wants to stop the apocalypse, but she's like, yo, that just can't happen. why don't you forget all this and come back work for us where you belong? so the next day, the siblings have all gathered to try to stop the apocalypse. just then bonnie comes to invite them to her concert and sees they've called a family meeting without her. and this brings up years of resentment they never treated her like part of the team. as she's venting to leonard, the lamp posts are all bending, and oh, she might have superpowers after all. turns out she's always had these powers, but they were maybe too strong, so her father put her on medication to suppress them. luther assumes the apocalypse might have something to do with why dad sent him to the moon. but when he finds all the reports he sent never even opened, he realized dad sent him there just to feel useful. the last four years of his life have been wasted. luckily, allison's there to consult him. they go hang out in the fort they built as teenagers, and he finally confesses his feelings for her. they have a dressed up dreamlike la la land dance number. it's a beautiful moment, and they have their first kiss. so five has rejoined the commission, not as an assassin this time. he's being groomed for management. but he's playing them. he's really here just to learn more about the apocalypse. he sends hazel and chacha messages to kill each other, then blows up all the briefcases and pieces out of there. this completely undoes that whole episode as it's wednesday morning again. and this time five drops into the middle of them. hey, i just took out the time commission single-handedly. you're welcome. and now he knows who causes the apocalypse, a guy named harold jenkins. harold jenkins was a kid obsessed with the umbrella academy, but he had no powers, so was rejected humiliatingly. he also grew up with an abusive father, and so one day had enough and oh, killed him. he spent 12 years in prison plotting his revenge on the umbrella academy. and it's not really much of a secret. harold's the real name of vanya's boyfriend, leonard. allison goes to warner while diego's temporarily arrested on suspicion of murdering patch. luther finds out about his fake moon mission and has his existential crisis again. but this time allison's not there to console him. so he goes out to a rave and lets his freak flag fly. and instead of a beautiful moment with the love of his life, he has a sloppy one-night stand with a random rave girl. meanwhile, klaus has a near-death experience, and finally talks to their adopted father sir reginald hargreaves. he is, as usual, a bit of a dick. but he did know the apocalypse was coming. and he killed himself because that was the only way to get the team back together. pogo and mom were both in on it. that was their secret. and before he can explain more, he fades away. also, he might be an alien, so watch out for that. now, hazel and chacha get the fake assignments from five and are pitted against each other. but hazel's not gonna kill his partner. he's done with this life. he's gonna run away with agnes. leonard is trying to encourage vania to learn how to use her powers, but she's not really interested. that night, though, they're attacked by some ruffians, and so to save her boyfriend, oh, vanya, boom, power explosion. in the fight, leonard lost his eye. oh, that's how that happened. and turns out the fight was staged. leonard paid those guys to attack him to force vanya to use her powers, and it worked. vanya is willing to learn how to control him. now turns out they're involved with sound. so playing the violin actually amplifies them. just then alison makes it up there, hey, bad news, your boyfriend's a psycho. but bonnie's not willing to hear that right now. she's more concerned with the fact that she has powers. this clicks a memory into place for allison. their father used allison's powers to make vanya forget about hers. but they phrased it, i heard a rumor you think you're ordinary. and so a lifetime of low self-esteem, not vania's fault, but magically imposed on her. alison tries to apologize, but vania's real mad now and is starting to lose control. to calm her down, allison tries to use her rumor powers, but, oh, violin both throat slash. it was an accident. she lost control. didn't mean to hurt her. luckily, alison survives. she just won't be able to speak for a while. now this is playing perfectly in harold jenkins evil plan to turn vanya against her siblings. but soon she finds out he's been manipulating her, and he drops the nice guy act, goes full abuser. i'm the only one that thinks you're special. you're nothing without me. but bunya's not taking that. she uses her powers. oh, stabs this scumbag. you go, girl. vania comes back to apologize for alison, secret family's forgiveness. but luther doesn't trust her and locks her up. allison pleads to let her go, but luther's being a dumb, overprotective guy, and so keeps her locked up, which is a really good way to push someone over the edge to the dark side. boom, vania busts out of there, full super villain mode now. and it's pretty apparent that they changed some things, but vanya is still gonna cause the apocalypse. meanwhile, cha, cha's track hazel down. gonna kill agnes. but oh, time freezes again, and the handler's here. she apologizes for the mix up. five sent you fake info, but now your real job is to go make sure the apocalypse happens, and you can retire, do whatever you want. but hazel doesn't trust the company or his partner anymore, and boom, i'll blast josh out of the car, goes in there, shoots the handler and rescues his lady. love. meanwhile, vanya's concert is tonight. and though she's got full supervillain. now she still pays her bus fare. she's playing in this concert no matter what. allison thinks she can calm her down, but the boys aren't taking chances. go to tackle her, which, ho does not work. she's fiddling harder than ever now. in fact, she's turning all white. and one could reasonably assume that when she finishes this song, the world will explode. there's more time goons after him. but now it's klaus's time to shine. as he sobered up, he's learned he can not just talk to ghosts, but feel them too. that's never happened before. so he powers up and physically manifests his brother ben. that oh, tentacle monster power takes all these guys out. the boys try one last time to tackle vanya, which still doesn't work. but while she's distracted with her brothers, allison got behind her. she can't bring herself to kill her sister, though, puts it next to her ear to blame. oh, distract her. yes, they saved their sister and the world. or wait, did they? though all the power she was channeling shot off harmlessly into space, except the moon was in the way, so not so harmlessly. yup. by trying to stop the apocalypse, you ended up causing it. classic time travel. so it's apocalypse time. hazel managed to grab a briefcase, and he and agnes peace out. cha-cha. not so lucky. the team's only hope is for five to time travel them out of there, but who knows where they'll end up. and that's how season one comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 