welcome back to recap central. today we will recap 300, an action drama film about a spartan king with an army of 300 taking on the persians. let's get started. the film begins with a voice over describing how spartan use develop into true spartan men. when the infant is delivered, he is extensively examined by a spartan baby inspector over a cliff where the bones of deceased babies who did not cut are buried hundreds of feet below. if the infant shows indications of weakness, illness or other issues, he will be terminated. the boys are taught to fight and train at a young age, and when they reach the age of seven, they are separated from their mothers and put through an initiation of rights, which includes being whipped without showing emotion and being left out in the snow and coal defend for themselves before being allowed to return home. sparta is bustling with activity as a persian messenger rides through the city requesting to speak with king leonidas. jared butler, in his palm, he clutches the skulls of previous assassinated leaders. the messenger and his soldiers are escorted before the king, where he says that he is coming on behalf of xerxes, the persian god slash king, who has already destroyed hundreds of towns, including other greek cities such as athens, and who wishes for sparta's citizens to submit to him. when queen gorgo lena hedy remarks, the messenger becomes enraged and inquires how a woman can speak so freely among males. she responds, spartan women are the ones who give birth to genuine men. the envoy cautions king leonidas to consider his response carefully before responding to xerchezi's request for sparta. but the king turns on the messenger and points his spear in his face, forcing the persians to retreat to the edge of the dark hole seen in the trailer. the messenger is furious and declares that it is forbidden to murder a messenger and that this is blasphemy, to which leonidas responds, this is sparta, before shoving the persian and his guards into the pit. sparta has a rule that requires the king to consult the oracle and the efforts who are the gods priests and are more creature than man. the oracle is sparta's most beautiful young woman. and her beauty is also her misfortune, since she is compelled to live up in the mountains with these hideous heifers, who are frequently drugged or inebriated to disclose these truths or destinies. leonidas ascends the highlands, and after presenting money to the efforts and detailing his intention to march north to corner, searches his army. he inquires of the oracle. she is the wispy white woman in the trailer who appears to be submerged in water sparta. she predicts will collapse. the efforts assert that he cannot go to war when a celebration is imminent. the king is displeased because he is unable to simply sit and do nothing. leonidas and his captain, vincent regan, are pouring over his 300 strong army. the next morning, he observes one of the soldiers is the captain's son, and remarks that he is too young to truly appreciate the warmth of a lady. but the captain demands that he fight the sun. seemed to be proud to be among these very powerful fighters thereon and the other councilmen approached the king and inquire about his whereabouts. they're on asserts that the oracle has spoken and that he is familiar with the rules and the law. the king claims to be out on a stroll, and that these 300 guys are simply his bodyguards. they encounter another troop the arcadians. as they march out. the arcadian commander claims they heard sparta was heading out to battle xerxes and have come to participate. however, he is taken aback by the king's tiny force. here you may see the spartan's arrogance and cockiness. leonidas inquires about the occupation of one of arcadia's troops. his response, he is a sculptor. another occupation was that of a blacksmith. a third is a potter. leonidas turns to his 300 strong army and inquires slash wars as to their occupation. the arcadians are greeted with thundering who which they mostly yell when they're revved up. and the king declares that he has more soldiers than you have. the arcadians are impressed, and the entire community marches down to the seashore. when the group reaches the beach area, the arcadians begin to question themselves when they notice the number of persian boats in the water. that night, the greek gods unleash a massive storm to flip and destroy some of those boats, which initially makes the arcadians please. but by dawn, the number of boats seems to have remained the same. the remaining spartan soldiers are content, since they can only hope to meet their match, someone who can provide them with a reason to die a beautiful death. they wish to die in the service of a higher cause for their nation. while they are erecting a stone wall, a member of searches his army, approaches and demands once again that sparta bow on its knees. xerxes admires their arrogance and power and promises that sparta will become the wealthiest city in the world, and that he will abandon the city's women and children if they lay down their weapons and look to him as king. the envoy mocks the spartan stone wall until he notices the lifeless remains of many soldiers of the persian army who were in command of the lookout one of the spartans severs the messenger's arm and commands him to inform xerxes that the battle has begun. while this is occurring, many spartans become aware that they are being followed. it is revealed to be a field, a hunched back monster that wants to assist in the struggle. he tells the king that the persians can enter through another entrance. he has a powerful stroke with his spear, but is unable to lift the hefty shield he is carrying. the king asserts that he cannot battle the spartans, since the spartans use their shields to protect not just themselves, but also the guy on their left. and effie altz is rendered ineffective due to his inability to raise his shield. ethiops becomes enraged. the first fight demonstrates the spartans might. they stand in a tiny hole and wait for the first set of persian soldiers to emerge to combat. they quickly defeated that army, slaughtering everyone and leaving no one behind. while they regain their breath, the remainder of the persian army unleashes a barrage of arrows that completely obscures the sun. the spartans united fend off the arrows with their shields and referred to them as cowards. while both sides rest and clean up the battlefield, searches appears to meet with lanidas. xerxes is a seven foot tall, bald and pierced god slash king. he again allows lenovo's to kneel to him, but the king declines, since his thighs are tired from defeating the first persian army. xerxes gets enraged and declares that he can wipe away sparta and no one on earth would ever hear of them or recognize them. he will sever the tongues and eyes of anybody who mentions their name, and soon everyone will forget who king leonid is and the spartans are. the following battle will be with the immortals. they are soulless creatures with dark eyes and fang-like teeth. they are disguised in black and gold, and their particular weapon is this enormous chain beast. the spartans easily beat these adversaries, albeit some of their men perish, as xerchus observes. the narrator states that this god-like deity experience is a human cold. the next bouts see the persians bringing as much strength as possible to the table through the use of rhinoceros magic, elephants from halfway across the world and monsters. when xerxes realizes his army is losing, he disciplines his generals by scalping them. the captain's son's head is severed during one of these conflicts, and he sobs as his heart is crushed. three guys are required to wrestle him away from his son. do you recall ethiops? xerxes has delivered the hunchback belly dancers, concubines, contortionists, transsexuals and slaves are all present in the tent. he is in awe of all xerxes has to offer, riches, women and the opportunity to battle, if he will simply submit to him. at the alts, fascinated by everything, concurs and informs him of the second opening through which the persian army might easily defeat the spartans. the queen, meantime, is meeting with theron. she offers him something to drink, and he inquires as to whether it is poison. it asserts that the councilman will never permit an army to march to the king, and implies that he may convince them to do so if she sleeps with him. she consents, and he begins having sex with her, forcefully assuring her, this will not be over fast. you will not take pleasure in it, my majesty. i am not your king. while both armies retreat, king leonidas addresses one of his troops, dilios, who sustained an injury during one of the skirmishes. he inquires about dilios's health, to which he responds, it's only an eye. the king requests that he come home and tell the account of sparta to everyone, to all the greeks, about his 300 warriors. he is aware that they will perish, and while he is sorry that he will not see his wife again, he is content to be doing what he is doing for sparta. he returns the jewelry his wife gave him to dillios. the queen meets with the councilman the next day. she makes an excellent argument for allowing the soldiers to assist the king. you can see that some of the members are moved by her words and are beginning to concur theron sarcastically applauds her after her speech. he then turns on her, claiming that no one should listen to her as an adulteress. he informs everyone that she approached him and offered herself to him, but he declined. since he is an honest man, she becomes enraged and pursues him, but he sends two guards to apprehend her and remove her from the room. she strives for release, which they grant. she is the queen, after all. and when she does, she seizes one of their swords and stabs theron in the stomach. she draws him in and adds as she continues to drive the blade in, this will not be over fast. it will be unpleasant for you. i'm not the queen of your kingdom. when she draws the blade, his money sack slips out, together with the persian coins with which he has been brought. the other councilmen take up one of the coins, and soon know he is a traitor. as the arcadians disperse, the king and the remnants of his army are left. everybody is surrounded by the persian army. once again, xerchus appears to observe. and one of his minions requests that leonardo's submit to xerxes. haven't they gotten the point yet? however, leonidas removes his helmet, places his shield and spear on the ground and kneels, but only to regain his composure. when his gathered group of spartan warriors disperses and one member comes forward and leaps upon leonada's back, spearing that many into death. as everyone resumes fighting, the king picks up his spear and hurls it at xerxes, slicing his cheek in half, but does not kill him. xerxes is taken aback and raises his palm to his wounded mouth. spartans, including the king, die one by one. one of them informs him that dying by his side is an honor, to which the king responds that living by his side was an honor. after facing the sun and speaking his final words, my love, the remainder of the persian army executes him and ensures the death of all spartans by launching a billion arrows into the air. once again, dilios goes home to present the jewelry to the queen and to spread the news of their success. it concludes a year later with dilios appearing to be the spartan army's new leader and the spartans preparing to face the persians once more. however, this time there are hundreds upon thousands of spartans who rushed to combat on order. thank you for watching. if you enjoyed, like and subscribe and tune in until the next recap. 