listen, there are so many humans that look like troll characters who would have thought universal. and the trolls franchise would be the first big movie to pivot from theaters to vod during this lockdown. and theaters are mad talking about how they're not going to forget this, as if there weren't bigger things to worry about in 2020, like carol baskins. so unless you're near a drive-in theater, most trolls fans are watching this online, where they tend to reside. and boy, have they made a franchise out of this thing. the first one start anna kendrick. so you knew there was going to be an od of pop covers and a lot of harmonizing and live in perfect harmony harmony. but then jt got involved. and while his wife would disagree with his methods, he injected so much music that they otherwise wouldn't have the rights to his song for the movie, got nominated for an academy award. the movie has then spawned a 52 episode netflix series that had get this eight seasons in two years. there were pop-up pop shops, specials, a universal studios attraction that includes the troll farting glitter. and now they have another sequel before getting another series on peacock, before probably finding a way to make it into the library of congress. let me explain. so these little naked troll dolls actually go back to 1959 when a man named thomas damn was going through tough times. and after making a troll doll for his daughter that blew up, he was able to expand damn toys, which is a much better name than hasbro. they've appeared in pixar. people have had them on their keychains. you've seen them in your bedroom corner. they were pretty much universal before actually becoming universals. and i think that the entire backstory with i'm getting a lot of copyright lawsuits and people making knockoffs. i think it deserves its own movie. but at the end of the day, it's cool to see that damn things have the damn rights when it comes to their birthplace. everywhere else, universal said, it's time to make the dream work [Music]. in the first we follow these trolls who do nothing but sing and dance after they've escaped the bergens, which are like the boxtrol looking versions of them, who eat the main ones. and i don't know what's going on. we didn't see him, sure we didn't see him follow they sit. poppy, sometimes people go into other people's mouths and they don't come out. anna kendrick voices one of the main trolls, poppy, who becomes the queen to her people, protecting them as they're hiding out by blasting the greatest hits of the 70s, 80s and 90s. i wouldn't be caught dead at your party, but you will be caught and dead. oh my god. branch, on the other hand, is clearly that guy who we make fun of for stocking up, and then are hitting him up for toilet paper, asking branch to extend the favor. unlike all the other trolls, justin timberlake voices the one who doesn't like to sing. don't worry, it's just that his backstory involves him performing a killer cover when his grandma dies. and so he said bye bye, bye to singing. may i now, while the movie does follow the journey of trolls trying to save their village, it's also the adventures of how many pop songs they could fit in. and they do a good job. i'm not saying that the breakout numbers don't get annoying after a while, but they do vary them. well, justin timberlake, can get whoever he wants, since he's the executive music producer. and justin timberlake, people introduce a month with this man's face. but they also managed to have a decent story in there. you know, they hit all six pillars of character and make them count. i really do like the creativity and the animation, especially the stop motion paper cutouts. and, you know, they're out there doing the twosie slide and other stuff. it's funny. it's not up there with the greats, but it's decent. so, this rarely happens, but seconds before uploading the straws elemy, the damn war broke out with amc declaring that, effective immediately, well, everything is closed. they will no longer be playing universal movies. now, if you've listened to any lmes or intercut, or if you've seen me on the street yelling about this, you know that i won't stop talking about streaming in theaters. and we told you all this stuff would happen. obviously, there's the business side of it. and then there's the viewership side of it. from our viewer perspective, this is the pettiest thing that amc could have done. they sound saltier than an x who got dumped before the quarantine. like, what are you gonna tell your customers when they can't use their a-list for any of these upcoming movies? that said, while universal is pleasing viewers at home during this time, business-wise, they are big dicks. they're taking advantage of vod by not allowing you to buy it, so you have to rent it and rent it and rent it. they did tell theaters to practically go screw themselves during this period. really all studios did, because only the indie movies are, the indie movies are the only ones supporting the music boxes of the world going 50 50. so as much as amc is taking the l right now, this is all corporate stuff. this is all big blockbuster stuff. you all know china owns amc, right? and in the uk, they've got odeon. so universal isn't gonna get a universal release without them. because you can't be the number one movie in america if you're not playing in the number one, biggest theater in america. it's also not smart on amc's side, which they're already in a lot of trouble. threatening less money when you already got less money isn't so hot. i don't know how you're going to convince people to go out after complaining about dwindling sales, by telling the people who just learned that they can watch movies from the comfort of their own home, uh, including these that they can only watch from the comfort of their own home. i love movie theaters more than 99 of you watching. i can guarantee you that. you guys know, i have spent a lot in multiple multiplexes, and fast i am rooting for them. so seeing amc pull out the biggest headbutt. and, yeah, you know, their last resort is one of the craziest things that i've experienced in all of my years covering movies. uh, whether it lasts, whether it doesn't, it is definitely going to cause a lot of changes. and either or is still a big history to this movie and deserves to be in the lme for it. i will see how it goes. you know, we'll be covering it. we have been covering it. but it's crazy to think that that makes trolls cinematic history. so, without further ado, back to the biggest movie of 2020. now, after my first watch and first easy payment of 1999, i i'm pretty sure they were dedicated on releasing this thing on 4 20 20. in this one, there's a whole new world of trolls that poppy didn't know about, because her father felt the queen shouldn't know. they even give you this flashback showing you there's an entire other five there's techno, country, rock, classical, funk, all to go with pop, all of which make up the troll kingdom. or, you know, the next little knives project. and this opens up a whole new world. you're assuming the worst about someone you haven't even met. that said, barb, the queen of rock, is out there collecting strings like a guitar hero champions. and she feels that some genres are going, like, way underappreciated. i kind of feel her on that. you know, she's taking over all the hottest genres in order for them to do their bidding. you know, the k-pop trolls go harder than twitter fan cams that i get done. trolls are claiming everyone as their gente. and the yodelers are yodeling. and while barb's supposed to be the bad one, i'm not gonna lie, poppy gets annoying in this one. oh, they must not know that music's supposed to make you happy. ah, that's awful. they're stealing toilet paper and tossing it in our faces. during this time, i seinfeld them too. other than being your friend, bogus. sam rockwell voices hickory, the troll who helps them escape. but everyone knows that when sam's doing a country accent, he shouldn't be trusted. like he might get him an oscar, but do not trust him. poppy, you don't even know who this is. unclean poppy. what's your name? name's hickory branch. this is hickory. hickory. this is bran. on top of that, they get seduced by jamie dornan voicing jazz to jazz troll. who jam this man is d jamie? this is a kid's movie. they leave him to drown, yelling about jazz like never gisele. now, while i don't think it's as funny as the first one, i think what the second one does best is expanding the lore and its message. it's gonna help them franchise it more, obviously. but they let people do things like literally come in and just screw around. the the main character in the movie, she's a rock troll queen barb, and she's playing guitar, and i'm playing all of her solos. you know, i'm watching the screen, i'm seeing her shredding. i'm like, oh my god. okay, i can finally use all this, uh, all these hours i spend in the basement on practicing my guitar. in my opinion, the best character this time around was cooper, though he realizes that he isn't a paw patrol, but a funk troll, which means more funko paw trolls. and i loved it because i love funk music. i love george clinton, i love mary j blige. so to be their child was a dream come true for me. they even cast anderson park to break down appropriation that was done by the paw patrol ancestors. and that's kind of become a thing that we've seen in a lot of movies. we saw that in ragnarok. we've seen it in the new frozen movie, where the new generation realizes that it's not just the old generation that did something bad. it's their like own forefathers that did it. so obviously, jt comes in and pays his respects. the cool twist here is that he's dealing with music, and you know where it originates from and who steals from who, as poppy realizes that, oh, no, pop steals from others. but it's a cool look at mashing up genres and how the basic ones that they started off with end up blending and becoming other things. denying our differences is denying the truth of who we are overall, in my opinion, other than the boss baby, i don't see what universal has in terms of franchises at the moment. sadly, they cut the budget on this one. and i think 25 to 35 million dollars less in animation is very noticeable. and at this point they're, they're sharing the same songs as shrek tail. you know, i'm starting to think it's just, they're just relying on the ones dreamwork hands in the bank. they even did aussie dirty like, you know, it's bad when he has more lines in the post malone album that he did here, like, this is a multi-million dollar production. and they got this troll out here, out here trolling. i do love how it makes its animation, just like gumball does, but i also know that that can become very, very expensive. so i'm very curious what they're going to do as they're shifting over to a vod release, and whether that's going to cost them a lot of money. according to deadline, there's a rumor that they struck a deal with hulu, meaning that universal is already banking on parents renting this multiple times because it's not available for purchase, before releasing it to them at a fraction of the cost, thus making that probably the biggest troll of them all. you know what? we need to bring drive-in theaters back. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. what movies do you want to see the early vod treatment for? i know that scooby doo's not coming out. uh, universe also has deaden islands they're gonna be releasing. um. i'm also curious if they're gonna actually tell you how much they're making, because at first they just said that it was ten times higher. now supposedly, they're releasing numbers, but i don't want it to be like netflix that brags about, uh, like them having the biggest box office of all time for a christmas movie. but there's no concrete answers. i do want to make a whole video dealing with vod in theaters. because, um, as much as i love it as a viewer that we're getting them in vod, it is kind of the studios telling theaters to fend for themselves, to just go screw off. they're not there in solidarity, uh. but it's cool to see, for those of you who don't know, the virtual cinemas that are selling, uh, the movies and splitting it 50 50 with the theaters. i think that's something really cool, uh. but that's only coming from the independent movies, not the bigger movies. so it's going to be interesting how all that plays out when things go back to normal. but other than that, occasionally, your thoughts. let me know which one did you enjoy more. trolls one, trolls two. there's another animation, uh, series that you think rivals the trolls franchise, or any of the ones out there? let me know your thoughts. until then don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and jt will get you for trolls three 