welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about gerald's game. jesse and gerald arrive at an isolated lake house in fairhope, alabama for some time away. while gerald takes viagra, jessie feeds a stray dog outside, but when re-entering the house, leaves the door open. jessie changes into a new slip, placing the tag on a shelf above the bed, and practices sexy poses. gerald takes a second viagra and leaves his glass of water on the same shelf. he restrains jessie with one set of handcuffs on each wrist, locked to the bed posts. she seems a bit surprised by this, but goes along. he begins to enact a stranger rape fantasy, telling her to scream for help, knowing no one will hear. she half-heartedly plays along, but soon becomes uncomfortable, telling him to stop and uncuff her. he replies, what if i won't? after a heated argument in which he accuses her of not even trying to rekindle their relationship, gerald dies of a heart attack, falling onto the floor, leaving jesse trapped in the handcuffs. a few hours pass. the dog enters through the open door, and jesse tries to scare it away, but it bites a chunk out of gerald's arm and eats it. gerald stands up and begins talking, reacting to the missing skin and muscle on his arm, but jesse notices his body remains on the floor. he taunts jesse about the truths of their strained marriage and his erectile dysfunction. he then informs her that she has wasted hours already doing nothing, and she is beginning to suffer from dehydration and fatigue. jessie miraculously pulls a hand out of a cuff and breaks free. she gloats to gerald, but then turns around and tells herself, the ones still trapped, that it is easy to escape. gerald and the self assured jessie tell things about herself and gerald that she never had the courage to acknowledge. they trigger her to remember the glass of water above the bed, which she is able to reach, but cannot bring all the way to her mouth. the hallucinations remind her of the tag she put on the shelf, which she rolls into a drinking straw in order to reach the water. jessie falls asleep, wakes up in the dark and sees a tall, deformed, obscured figure who reveals a bag of various bones and trinkets. she closes her eyes, saying, you're not real. but gerald appears to say that the figure is death waiting to take her. gerald begins to call jessie mouse, which unsettles her. this triggers a memory of her father, tom, who affectionately referred to her as mouse, having her sit on his lap while he masturbates to her when she was 12, as the two watched a solar eclipse. as jessie loses feeling in her arm, gerald and jessie's vision of herself taunt her that she never recovered from the assault and that she married a man just like her father. gerald teases jessie about the disfigured man she saw, whom he calls the man made of moonlight, and points out what he suspects as a bloody footprint on the floor. jessie remembers cutting her hand the night of the assault after she squeezed a glass too hard when her mother asked her about the eclipse. the adult jessie smashes the water glass and cuts her wrist in a way that enables her to peel back the skin, allowing her bloody hand to slip through the cuff. she drags the bed to the key and unlocks her other hand. she drinks water and bandages her wrist, but then passes out on the floor from blood loss and fatigue. when she wakes, the man-made of moonlight is at the end of the hall, and she gives him her wedding ring for his trinket bag. she makes it to her car and drives away, but sees the man again in the back seat. the car crashes into a tree, but people from a nearby house come out. six months later, jessie is writing a letter to her 12 year old self, struggling to write with her wounded hand. voice overs and scenes describe how she had pretended to have amnesia over the whole ordeal of being trapped, avoiding painful questions. she used some of gerald's life insurance to start a foundation for victims of sexual abuse. but each night, the man made of moonlight still appears before her as she falls asleep. her wedding ring was never found in the house, and she learned from the news about a serial killer with acromegaly, who digs up crypts, stealing bones and jewels and eats the faces of male corpses. this explains why he didn't harm jesse in the house, and also why gerald's face was disfigured. jesse arrives at court as the moonlight man is being sentenced, and calls for his attention. he quotes what she said before leaving the house, indicating that he was in fact there at the time, seeing also gerald's and tom's face where his face as she says, you're so much smaller than i remember and walks triumphantly out into the street with the sunlight gleaming down on her. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 