welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who doesn't do [ __ ] all day. falcon in the winter soldier, episode 2 is finally here. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down all the ins and outs of its story, the marvel easter eggs you might have missed, and its comic book connections. before we get into the video, though, i want to let you know that i've just appeared on amazon prime video uk's new show, the screen test, to discuss the best world movie of all time. i went head to head with chief film critic of the independent, clarice lockery, and joe kimwin from the cybernotes. that's a really fun episode that you should definitely check out after this. anyway, episode 1 followed sam and bucky as they tried to adjust to life after the blip. i forgot to mention last time that sam getting turned down by a banker is likely a reference to anchorman, in which ron burgundy said the human torch was denied a bank loan. now, there was huge outcry on the internet last week when it was revealed that fictional character tony stark did not pay fictional characters, the avengers any wages. since then, anthony mackie has come out and said that all the heroes did their odd jobs on the side, such as vision, who made an only fans to pay for that house. we were also introduced to captain white privilege, who looks like what happens when you order a captain america costume on wish. episode 2 has cap's side chicks finally meeting up. and thematically, we get a lot of developments between the two. both were given a mantle that they didn't really want, with sam's being captain america and bucky's being the winter soldier, though one is way worse than the other. you really get the feeling at points that the pair could be trying to escape their pasts and what was expected for them. and i feel like the series will very much be about them learning to accept who they are. bucky, of course, will have the most things to overcome, as he was a villain. and arguably the character has one of the most interesting arcs in the mcu. now, before we get into the full breakdown, i just want to talk about joaquin torres and how he is in the comics. time codes will be below, as always, but make sure you stick around until the end to see us talking about where things could be going. now, in the source material, torres was an immigrant that came to the us. with his grandmother when he was six, because he'd seen firsthand what it was like traveling to the country. the character used to go and leave food and water along the mexican border for people attempting to cross it. it was at this time that he was captured by the sons of the serpents who were working for the mad scientist carl melis. maylis had been kidnapping people trying to cross into the country, and he experimented on them, transforming them into half-human animal hybrids. it was a weird run where sam was turned into a wolf, and as for taurus, he became a falcon. i'm not even kidding. yeah, that that's what happened. now, sam eventually turned back to normal, but torres didn't, because he had been fused with sam's bird, red wing, who possessed regenerative capabilities due to being vampiric. anyway, taurus slowly started to become sam's partner, and he took up the mantle of falcon. now, just in the same way that monica rambo ended up having her superhero origin in one division. i definitely think that this will be the case with taurus too, though i can't see them carrying across the vampire, bird, hybrid, mutant man story. i think once sam eventually accepts the role of captain america, that he too will become the falcon and a in episode one, he was even trying to mess about with red wing, so i don't don't get too close to that. yeah, might be a vampire. it might be my fist though. hey, that's that's a great joke. now, as for episode 2, we open with ex-football captain turned captain america, john walker, returning to his high school. he's now doing the propaganda tour that we saw steve participating in during the first avenger. walker is joined firstly, by who i'm guessing is the girl he left behind in order to perform his duty. typically in war movies, especially ones focused around the second world war, soldiers had to go off and fight whilst their partners stayed at home. and i very much get the feeling here that walker has had to give up on any relationships he could have in order to do the job. steve sacrificing seeing peggy was something he too had to do. and it does show that he and rogers are similar, even if he seems like a discount version. this scene is quite similar to the one that steve had before the parades in his first movie. and at one point, walker even talks about jumping on a grenade, which rogers did to prove he was worthy. joined by lamar hoskins, aka battle star. these two become somewhat of a double act that juxtaposes sam and bucky in the comics. hoskins and walker both subjected themselves to a process known as the power broker, which we also get lip service too in this entry. in the source material, when walker first came on the scene, he used to stage attacks to seem like a hero, and battle star helped to set these up. during our first breakdown, we discussed how we believe that walker was actually working alongside the flag smashers in order to carry out attacks. and battle star's arrival here definitely helps to cement that. now, like walker, battle star has walked the line between good and bad, but he has pretty much become a hero, much in the same way that walker has his introduction is a really interesting one, and it's not the only big comic book character who appears in this entry. now, walker also discusses how he's sick of the speeches and that he just wants to do the job. hoskins says that this is the job. and this is playing on a line from sam wilson captain america, in which sam discussed how he thought everything would be parades and just punching bad guys. however, being a black man bearing the shield, he realized there were far more politics involved than he'd ever considered. and though this isn't reflected in walker, it's clear that captain america must fit a certain narrative in order to be accepted. hoskins also mentions the song star-spangled man with a plan, which is something that popped up in the first avenger when steve went on parade. we hear a reworking of this for the high school game, with it being played by a brass band, whilst the cheerleaders hype him up for his appearance on good morning america. good morning america is actually tied in heavily with the mcu, as it's often where clips debut. and many exclusives are dropped. we also see walker signing autographs and even an action figure. these take months and months to create, making me think that the us. have been putting him through his paces for a while, which is confirmed by the tests we hear discussed in the interview. this shows they wanted nothing more than fassam to hand over the shield so they could give it to someone who they deemed as being cap material. it was never about the shield being displayed in the smithsonian, and instead, all the government cared about was pushing this propaganda machine that they could easily control. also, shout out to wyatt russo for completely winning me wrong with his intro. yeah, i did enjoy his performance. i think he's very much in the same vein as homelander, where he's great for the cameras and he perfectly nails the persona that one must have when representing what is now a brand. the entire interview is just part and parcel of taking on the role, but walker demonstrates that he's more than capable when we hear his achievements listed off. walker is the first person to receive the medal of honor three times. and we watch his training in which he seems more than adept at doing what's needed. now, an interesting part is that he brings up tony stark and bruce banner before stating that he doesn't have money or super strength. personally, i don't buy this. and not only does he have the budget of the us. military behind him, but i also believe that he's got super soldier serum coursing through his veins. throughout the episode, we see him doing feats that would be very difficult for a normal person to pull off. and the plot itself centers heavily around this formula. thus i do think that he was experimented on, but due to the controversy surrounding the serum, because of the winter soldier, they've instead pretended he's just a normal guy. so he's just just a normal guy like you and me, that can do 25 minute breakdowns in three hours. anyway, cut to bucky watching tv, and we see him again, sitting on the floor. last episode, we learned that this is where he slept. and it's a nod to the line in the winter soldier, in which sam talks about how soldiers find it difficult sleeping. because steve and sam had soft mattresses, they found it almost impossible to get comfortable. and this is also something that's clearly reflected in the buckster. cut to sam heading out on a mission, and we see him coming face to face with the kappa's back propaganda that was shown in the credits, it's everywhere in the military base, almost mocking him. and obviously sam didn't know that the shield was going to be given to someone, as he would have preferred it just to belong in the museum. however, he was lied to, but due to the government's power, there's not much he can do. bucky arrives and berates him for giving up the mantle, and the two head out on a mission. now bucky doesn't trust redwing because, as we know, the guy is old school. according to stereotypes of my grandma, not many 106 year olds know how to use a computer. and this distrust of technology is seen in him using a notepad some of the cap rather than his phone. sam discusses the three big potential threats that typically tend to pop up. and these include androids, aliens and wizards. the avengers have fought the first two, but i am struggling to think of when they've clashed against a wizard outside of ebony. more however, as this takes place after the events of one division, it could be hinting at how she's viewed in the mcu. as the last anyone heard of her, she was holding a town hostage. walker also mentions the big three, so it's likely now a military term. however, we do learn that he's been spying on sam through redwing, so maybe he dropped this line so that they would find some commonality with him. bucky talks about gandalf and how he read the hobbit when it was first published, meaning that the guy is officially a nerd. i love this whole argument, as he drops that he read it in 1937. and if you've ever got into a dork debate, then you'll know something that's very important is who discovered something first. also, who else googled the release date just to make sure it was right? i know i did. now, the pair head out to munich and have a soul-searching contest, which i hope becomes something that they do every episode. bucky asks sam what his plan is, and he replies with, i have a plan before jumping out the plane. this is definitely playing on the scene in the avengers in which cab asks iron man what his plan of attack is. tony replies with, i have a plan attack, before diving out. and i love how the scenes are mirrored with the tech guy in super soldier one repeating the same motif. you know, it's like poetry. they rhyme. now, buggy jumps out of the plane without a parachute, and this is something that we saw steve doing at the start of the winter soldier. sam also mocks him and says he got it on camera, which could be a reference to shuri doing it to t'challa in black panther, though that might be a reach. now, the pair head out to a disused factory, and we also see that sam has a red visor on over his face. now, you know who also has a red face? yeah, red hulk. sampai's lip service to bucky spending time in wakanda and becoming the white panther, which bucky corrects to the white wolf. this was a nickname given to him in the post-credits scene for bp, showing how he's adopted the moniker. they get caught and have to chase the flag smashes, which allows bucky to bust out the super fast running that we saw him pulling off in civil war. i don't know why, this always kills me whenever i see it, and i don't know why, yet, it just looks so funny. now he makes it to the semi truck, which is where we're introduced to carly morgenthau. now this is somewhat of a gender swap. as in the comics, flag smasher was called call this could potentially be his daughter, or perhaps they've gone all out and decided to change the character up and paint her in a different light. flag smasher was always a villain, but here the group are seen as freedom fighters, and they're even helped by regular people. referred to as robin hood. they operate much in the same way that anonymous do, and are a masked organization that are attempting to take down the corrupt structures of society. the group was snap survivors, and from what they say, they were likely people that were overlooked before the cataclysmic event. with the population dwindled, the government probably put more focus on things like homelessness and poverty, and thus they may have been treated better. however, with everyone coming back. due to the blip, they've likely been forgotten about. so you can see where their anger arises. thus they are somewhat sympathetic figures. but one thing i can't forgive is that cauli destroys red wing just made me mad, and now i want them dead. i want their families dead. now a big fight breaks out on the truck, but walkers and hoskins arrive to save the day. this is very similar to the comics in which the pair used to set up attacks and then shove out of the blue to show how great they were. now we also learned that they tracked sam through redwing, showing that the government are indeed keeping tabs on him. sam could be a big embarrassment for them, as he's the rightful captain america. and thus i think that walker is keeping a close eye on the character. in sam wilson captain america, when sam started to make a name for himself, walker was actually hired to publicly embarrass the character, which is what could be going on here. they pretty much sideline them, and bucky and sam end up on top of each other, making me think that joss whedon probably directed this scene. walker also uses a gun, which very much juxtaposes the meaning of captain america. in the comics, when selecting what iconography the character would have, the us tried to push him into using a firearm, but he settled on his shield because he wanted to be seen as a defender and not an attacker. this is why, when sam uses his wings like a shield, you very much get the feeling that he's fit for the role. whereas something is just not right about walker. although i do accept that cap used guns when he first started out, which this moment could be playing on. don't just don't at me. yeah, just don't have me. now, the flag smashers get away and they pick simon bucky up on the road where they discuss their ideals. you get the feeling that walker wants to really work with them, but they don't trust him, and therefore i don't trust him. i know it's you that's been disliking the videos. now, walker also somewhat insults sam by suggesting that he could be his wingman, meaning that he's pretty much putting him in his place and letting him know that's all he could ever beat. sam rejects this, and aware that super soldier serum is now out in the world. the pair head out to meet isaiah bradley elsewhere. we see the flag smashers settling into a refuge, and carly gets a text message threatening her life. so the worst one i've ever seen as once the wife went out and told me to take the pizza out of the oven and i forgot. but it's, it's almost as menacing as that one. now i'm guessing that this is the power broker that we get reference to at the end. however, it could indeed be anyone. maybe they did a switch up, and walker isn't working with the flag smashes, and instead he just wants to take the serum from them. it's likely that he wasn't the only candidate to be capped. and it is possible that the other flag smashers were in the running and that they were experimented on by the government. this would explain their abilities and why they also want to get even. but that's a very thin theory. i just want to go through all the possibilities. now, they say after tomorrow, there's no going back, meaning that the next episode they will likely be launching an attack. it has been said that the show is going to focus on a pandemic, and they may be using bio weapons, which is why they also had vaccines. either way, lots of possibilities. so let me know your thoughts below. on the plane, sam and bucky have a heart to heart. and throughout the episode we learn that buck isn't mad. he's just disappointed. he believes that if steve was wrong about sam, that he's wrong about him. and it cements the doubts he has within himself because of his past. now at isaiah's we also meet his grandson, eli bradley. in the comics, he became a hero known as patriot, who was part of the young avengers. i think that he will definitely end up becoming a hero in the series too. and along with wiccan and speed ms, marvel and hawkeye, it seems like disney are forming the group. i would absolutely love to see them. and they could make for a stop gap in between the avengers movies that allows us to, you know, keep keep the threat high. who knows, we may even get a disney plus series at some point with them all coming together. and i think that this would work really, really well. now through isaiah we see that he has super soldier serum still coursing through his veins. and is possible that it's passed on genetically, which would explain how his grandson gets his powers. as for isaiah, he has a long and sad history that very much comments on how black soldiers are treated. his origins were heavily inspired by the tuskegee syphilis experiments, which were a horrendous point in human history. this involved the us. government pretending to treat syphilis and black people. however, they were simply administering placebos in order to study the long-term effects of the disease. this involved countless deaths, and the government simply enlisted people from the black community to watch them die. and this is mirrored in bradley's story. after steve went missing, they tried to recreate the super soldier serum and experimented on several black people in order to make the formula once more. in the case of isaiah, this worked, and he was made into captain america. however, the project was swept under the rug because the government didn't want the public to believe that they were giving black people any advantages. isaiah, in the show, talks about her running with bucky. and we also learned that he managed to beat the character, taking his arm in the process. the government imprisoned bradley and ran experiments on him, tried to take his blood, and he was very much stripped of his rights and kept secret. furious over this, sam and bucky argue in the streets, and the police arrive. though they're both as bad as each other, it's very clear that the police view bucky as an innocent bystander and see sam as the issue, speaking to their racial prejudice. even though there's a warrant out for bucky's arrest, they treat him far better than they do sam. and it's arguably one of the biggest bits of social commentary in the mcu. barnes hands himself in, and at the station, we see how the police treat walker, which juxtaposes what they did with sam, even though they were both captain america at one point. the pair are viewed in different ways, and the police want to take selfies with one, whilst they will happily harass the other. bucky's therapist is brought in, and walker announces that he's pretty much cleared him with the police, showing how much power and privilege he possesses. sam and bucky then go through a therapy session in which the pair at their differences. bucky has so much self-doubt in this moment. and the acting by sebastian stan is absolutely superb, i think, leading to this being a great scene. sam really imparts that even if bucky disagrees with him, it was his choice to do with the shield what he wanted to. and rather than having people force him down a certain path, like they did with bradley, he'd rather make his own way outside. walker and hoskins try to get the pair to team up with them, but they refuse. and walker wants them to stay out of his way. this is the first time we've seen his darker side, and it's setting up the path in which he will likely become us agent. he definitely has a temper and would be threatening, if it wasn't so close to something from the michael jackson video. beat it in bratislava, we see the power brokers men descending on the flag smashes. now, bratislava is a location in the marvel universe that is home to a hero known as the unicorn, located in slokovia. this location also seemed to pop up at the end of one division due to the markings on the cabin wonder was in, but we don't have that confirmed yet. now what's interesting is that someone gives them a warning that the brokers are coming. and this could indeed be walker, who would be aware of the government's plan. a flag smasher remains behind to buy them time. and we see an agent telling his boss they got away. the power broker in marvel is actually the name of carl melis, who we discussed earlier on in the video. the mad scientist was not only linked in with taurus, but he also gave us agent his strength, potentially explaining how the character is able to do what he does. maelys is a madman that has caused lots of issues in the marvel universe. so definitely expect to see him showing up at some point, especially with how linkedin he is with the rest of the characters that appear. here, bucky realizes that zemo is the key to everything, and we occur to him in his cell. now an interesting detail is that there's a door panel that looks like hal from 2001, a space odyssey. semo will clearly be a big part of the next episode, and we know from the trailers that he does get free. he was also on bucky's list, so expect to see the character making right with him. we also saw in the trailer bucky emptying a gun on him, meaning that zemo probably tries to use the mind control words, but he shows that he no longer has power over him. now we didn't cover the credits last week, but there are some notable things in them that i thought i'd go over here. this isn't scene by scene, but it should go over the main things that were revealed. firstly, we get lip service paid to the enhanced humans act to the backdrop of captain america propaganda. this discusses the classification of the experiments which were carried out by thaddeus ross. in the comics, ross was connected to the group the thunderbolts, who will likely show up in the mcu at some point. the character also experimented on himself to create the red hulk, and thus this enhanced humans act could be setting that up. we also learn that the flag smashers carried out an attack in tokyo, which we know is to stabilize after the snap, because hawkeye had to unleash vigilante justice there. there's also a node to the brass monkey saloon, which is a bar that's a local madrapa, and a picture of the illuminati symbol. in the comics, the illuminati was a group made up of some prominent members of the avengers, x-men inhumans and jay-z there's also the nod to the experimentation on black people that was carried out by the government after steve was frozen. when cat was put on ice, several black recruits were put forward for testing, whilst the government attempted to recreate the super soldier formula. now, as for the episode itself, i absolutely love how much balance there is in this show. you can have your action scenes one minute, and then in the next have some close-up character studies that really develop and flesh out the psychology of those within the cast. i have a confession to make. yeah, i've been pretty preoccupied with watching zack snyder's justice league six times this week. but this show snuck up on my left out of nowhere, and i really enjoyed these 50 minute long looks at the characters. overall, another great episode. i couldn't believe that next week we're gonna be halfway through the series. i feel like pure [ __ ]. i just want the mcu back, and hopefully things stay at this level of quality going way into the future. if you're enjoying the video, then please hit the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns on the series week by week, before we get into a cool first look at sam's captain america costume. i also want to give a thank you for getting the channel to the point that i was asked to be on the new movie broadcaster screen test on prime video uk's youtube channel, hosted by that handsome devil, jack howard. the show has three guests fighted out every week to decide which movie a tv show is the best of the best in its genre. we talked save in private, ryan, which was my choice, the hill locker and apocalypse now, and broke down each movie with their most memorable scenes, what had the biggest impact and a lot more. it was a really, really fun episode. and you need to go over there right now and say, i won. otherwise i'm gonna kick off. yeah, i swear god, yeah, i'm gonna kick off. don't make me do it now. the episode's released every wednesday at 5 p.m. and it's on the prime video uk. channel, which is linked in the description right below. if you want to listen to it while you walk. it's also on amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts at. so i'll see you over there after this. okay, so if you are following our one division breakdowns, then you'll know that the costumes of wicked and speed were leaked because of some funko pop releases. a similar sort of thing has happened with sam wilson's new suit, which, if you don't want anything spoiled, then i recommend that you turn off in five, four, three, two, one, romeo. done. okay, so this was posted on the disney store, and it shows the marvel select figure for fat wits, with sam donning his white, red and blue costume. the name of the figure is also captain america, cementing that sam will end up in the role during the series. we often go on about how marvel will need to keep the mcu movies accessible to people who only watch the films, and therefore, everything in these spin-offs will likely end up the way that things were at the end of end game, so sam will become cap and then you can just go from end game into the next avengers movie without having to learn about the subplot in which he became iron man for a bit. as for the costume itself, it looks extremely similar to his uniform in the comics, and i absolutely love how they've managed to recapture the look of that. there's also the shield that comes as part of the pack, so it's pretty likely that sam will end up holding it on his arm as he flies like a falcon. let my spirit carry me. come on. anyway, that pretty much sums everything up, and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 31st of march, in which you're giving away three copies of a marvel 4k boxer of your choice. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the best easter eggs in zack snyder's justice league, which will be linked on screen right now. i've also part of the episode of the screen test if you want to see me debating why saving private ryan is the best war movie ever made. and i'd massively appreciate the support as it opens up a lot more opportunities like that. anyway, without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 