welcome to slash forward. in the final episode of the month, we're going to take a look at a film that gives a pg-13 appearance, but then veers off down the dark path at most opportunities. i'm talking about the seasonal anthology classic from 2007, trick or treat. if you like candy, subscribe to the channel for more sweet content. let's get to it. we opened on an elderly couple returning from a halloween themed costume party. henry declines to blow out the jack-o-lantern due to some archaic seasonal rules his grandmother used to scream at him. plus he's so halloween horny he's about ready to just go dig a hole in the yard. but as they're watched by some sort of burlap veiled creature, emma insists they get an early start on cleaning up the decorations to help henry manage his way through his situation. she sends him upstairs for some foreplay with right hand sally, and begins to pull down the decos in a somewhat aggressive manner. she has a moment of tension where she sees a watcher from across the street, but it turns out to be some random punk kid. but then her box of decorations explodes in her face, and she finds herself struggling under the sheets until she gets her throats lit by a jagged lolly. henry wakes up later and goes to see what's taking. so long as he searches outside, he comes to the slow realization that emma is a part of the yard crew. now then we follow a dirty ass bag of candy through the town square, which is active with the holiday festivities. earlier, we see the warren valley parade is in full swing, and the town square is dropping with throngs of aficionados of pagan traditions, despite the fact that the party is now ongoing, the costume shop is on absolute fire. as an industrious young lad practices his future trade as a world-class peeper, were introduced to a quartet of young ladies suiting up as their favorite princesses to help lori, nervous about this being her first time, find a match for the evening. they're here for the bonfire party, are pretty much good to go, so they begin jumping on any able-bodied mail they happen upon as they try to continue to reaffirm, for lori that's no big deal. they demonstrate how easy it can be. you just walk up to a guy and you fake like you're interested in him. while this is going on, we transitioned to charlie, a fairly lackadaisical prankster with limited imagination. while cleaning out a candy bowl, he is confronted by principal wilkins. they have a seat to talk about the origins of halloween traditions. while wilkins very aggressively carves a pumpkin. this gives enough time for the tainted candy he provided to settle into charlie's gut, creating some gi issues that manifest themselves in the expulsion of his entire soul. and the effort is so great that he swoons. afterward, wilkins finds it nearly impossible to drag his girthy torso in without squeezing, which causes some disgusting seepage. and then he's interrupted by a trio of students who actually are just looking to borrow his jack-o-lantern, plus one actual trick-or-treater. back at party central, we see that all the girls have found their matches for the evening. so laurie decides to head off on her own and trusts that she'll find a date along the way. meanwhile, principal wilkins drags charlie to his conveniently prepared backyard gravesite for disposal, but is interrupted from the upstairs window by his son, billy. he tries to convince him just go watch charlie brown for a bit, but billy's got his own ideas and preferences. charlie brown's an [ __ ]. he's then assailed by the neighbor's nosey dog. thinking fast, he breaks off a meaty little digit to get the scrappy pup to leave him alone. although he does attract the attention of his neighbor, mr green, who gives him a quick how do, but doesn't linger for long because he's a generally miserable and unpleasant man. wilkinson finds himself awkwardly attempting to finish the job with charlie, while billy screams down at him about needing help with the jack-o'-lantern. after briefly observing his neighbor acting like a weirdo, wilkins goes inside and is led downstairs for the annual carving ritual. billy makes request, let's curve a scary face this time. and mr wilkins gets in there with his unnervingly aggressive demeter, and we see that he really is a loving and caring father. we then meet back up with our trio of tweeners, who learn a few things at a local swingers party and eventually end up at wanda's house, which contains all the jack-o'-lanterns they could ever need. so they work their way into her good graces. meanwhile, downtown, we see the parties turning red, becoming adults only in the back alleys off the main square. here, leather dracula goes to town on his date, and it takes a minute for her to register with her that she's bleeding all over. he playfully allows her to stumble off and discover on her own that amid the din of the celebration, her pleas go unheeded and the seriousness of her situation is unrecognized. now doomed, she's laid to rest near some fellow burned-out party-goers. we then learn the kids plans for their jack-o-lanterns involves the old abandoned rock quarry. macy reveals they're there to pay respects to the dead, as this is the site of the old school bus massacre. but which school bus manager? jesus, will you shut up and let me tell the damn story? oh, okay, we're gonna have a flashback now. back in the day, there used to be a bus for the high maintenance kids that the local parents wanted to keep out of sight. so it took them every day to a school outside of town. one day, the driver took a different route that led them on an unauthorized field trip to the rock quarry. embarrassed and overburdened, the parents pooled their money and made an offer to the driver to lose their kids for them. and he happened to be just that kind of scumbag. so he parks nearby and gives everyone a treat, while making sure their chains are locked tight. but dracula recognizes that they took a wrong turn and is compelled to free himself from his restraints and put the bus into gear, plunging them off the clip. despite the fact that the driver was never heard from again. the legend indicates that he survived. they've brought a pumpkin for each lost soul as an offering, and after getting the service elevator running, they go down in shifts for safety purposes. back at the festival, lori sees that basically everyone is already paired off, so she tries enticing the last eligible bachelor to follow her, and then hurries to get to the party before it pops off. as we circle back to the memorial, we see wanda descend in the elevator to the misty quarry. on the way down, they hear screaming and see signs of a struggle. upon reaching the bottom, wanda is the only one brave enough to venture out and have her friends backs. she gets all the way to the water, but doesn't really find anything except the bus sticking out. oh, in the ghouls that now emerge from the banks and pursue her, she's chased through a fun house of horrors until she loses her glasses and falls backwards, hitting her head pretty severely. the seriousness of this causes the ghouls to take a break, and this is where we learned that it was just the kids pulling a goof on her. when she comes too. schrader gives her little e-boy head tilt and explains it was just a prank, so it's all good. but it's never enough for macy, who throws a fit that their fun is over, and she extinguishes the final jack-o-lantern. while cleaning up. they wonder aloud how the bus became a part of this. and then the calm night era erupts into a cacophony of screams. the merry jokesters find themselves being pursued by the lost souls, which desire more than pumpkins as an offering. when they arrive back at the elevator, they find it locked with wanda inside the protective light of her jack-o-lantern. in honor of the fine tradition of the season, she declines to provide any further assistance, ensuring that the dark souls get a fine meal, giving them an ugg on the way up. at the top, she and sam share a knowing glance, and each continue on their way. meanwhile, lori proceeds through the woods, sensing that she's being followed, and satisfied that her subtle thirst trap was so effective at drawing in an actual predator. and then back at the party, a red caped figure falls from a tree. the ladies peel it back to find a very confused faux vampire looking for help. then laurie saunter's in ready to get lit when the vampires emasculated. this is revealed to be another persona of mr wilkins. as the camera pulls back and they roll in the hot dog, we all now come to the full realization that this is a den of slaughter. now we finally learn what this is all about, as the vixens dance around the fire and begin undressing so enthusiastically that they even begin stripping off their skin and sheets, revealing themselves to be werewolves preparing to enjoy a holiday feast. then we flash back to earlier. again, three brave souls approach mr green's unkempt house. the rules say once a trick-or-treat has been initiated, you have to provide one or the other. so he sends his dog out in a fierce costume to scare them off, using the opportunity to stock up on candy, before going back inside to get back to burning his personal mementos while catching up on the latest rotisserie news. he hears a squeak at the front gate and finds himself the victim of a trick. so he grabs his bat and goes out back to retrieve his dog. here we catch our bearings on the timeline as he runs across mr wilkins in the grave. as he's locking back up, spike alerts him to the front and he emerges to find someone has elaborately decorated his yard. he almost breaks the cardinal rule, but then spike starts yipping upstairs with evidence of an actual home invasion. he grabs his shotgun for this one. he proceeds upstairs slowly and heads down the hallway toward a strange noise. he finds an animatronic hand in the bed, and then a jack-o-lantern lights up and reveals a very incessant request for treats. while distracted by this, he gets his achilles tendon sliced in half. then sam reveals himself and peels back the wrapper on his candy bar to further reveal his intentions. green then fires on him, but the room is now vacant, owing to some sort of dark magic. mr green attempts to lumber downstairs, but is tripped up by a variety pack of candy and razor blades that have been emptied all over the stairs and result in some pretty significant hand injuries. this makes it difficult to navigate his many locks, delaying him long enough for sam to creep on him from the ceiling and then drop down to go crazy on his head. in the struggle, he peels back sam's mask before blasting him across the room, leaving us to wonder just what the hell he is. deciding not to take any chances, he goes ahead and pulls him up a bit more before calling 9-1-1. the line goes dead, but sam hasn't moved yet, but we find his hand has as it stabs green in the foot before returning to its body for reconstitution. sam then takes a moment to craft his weapon of choice and goes to finish the job, but his final thrust is deflected by a juicy ass candy bar. since this counts as a treat given freely by the tree, tour to the treaty, sam gives a little curtsy and proceeds with his errands for the evening as he does. we pan to the fire and see that mr green was the bus driver from the school bus massacre. later on, after he's dressed his wounds, we see he's taken on a much more halloween positive attitude, giving copious quantities of candy to anyone who comes by. as he glances around the neighborhood, we see billy dressed up as his dad. wanda is walking around with her pumpkins, and the ladies are heading out to the bonfire. then emma and henry return home from the festival. as he and sam watch, emma breaks a cardinal rule, and as we all now know and accept, the scales must be balanced in that regard. mr greene answers the last trick-or-treat of the night for him, as the wayward souls that he lost come back to take their offering. i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch and i'd like to take a moment to give a huge thanks to my donors, memorialized in the hall of head shots. [Music], doing an anthology wasn't so bad. i wasn't sure how that would go, especially with this one, in that it really weaves the stories together into an unbroken narrative, rather than just showing multiple individual stories with some central method of cohesion. if you haven't seen this one, you should. it was under seen and under-appreciated when it was produced, but has since become recognized as a halloween classic. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 