hello everyone. welcome to film time. today, let's watch a fantasy movie. the hidden wall. a woman who remained by a calendar began to record what she encountered in the recent years. however, since she has been alone for so long, she gradually loses track of how much memory in her head is real. before the accident, the preoccupied woman was warmly invited by mr and mrs linda to a cabin in the woods at the foot of the alps. after arriving at 3 pm, the old couple went shopping for some supplies. they wanted to go back before the sky went dark. however, until the woman went to sleep that night, she didn't see the old couple return. the next day, the woman woke up to find that the old couple left the dog, luxe, has been digging up the door. she was worried. she took lux towards the direction of the village, walking along the mountain road. the woman soon heard lux's whale. when she called lutz to continue, she found a transparent wall that didn't seem to exist on the sunny mountain road. the woman wanted to move forward, but the wall that she touched made her into confusion. after repeatedly confirming that she could not leave, she decided to temporarily return to the hut. to her delight, she found another inhabited hut on the halfway. she wanted to go ask for help, but she found that she was still separated from the hut by a hidden barrier. the couple in front of the house was as if they were frozen, staying in a strange state of stillness. such an encounter makes the woman don't know what to do. in the company of her dog, lux, she returned to the mountain trail for confirmation. after finding that the hidden wall still existed, he returned to the cabin in the woods. with doubt and helplessness. she had a nightmare of being trapped in the cabin by the hidden wall. dot. in order to find out the scope of the hidden wall, the woman began to drive on the mountain road. on the way, she saw a jeep abandoned on the side of the road. as she drove toward the car with excitement, she hit the hidden wall. since she didn't slow down, the impact broke her head. in a trance, she was once again swallowed by the emotion of despair. in order to escape the fear brought by the hidden wall. the woman has been trying to numb herself with work. for the past 10 days. after experiencing conflicts and struggles, the woman eventually decided to live for the dog, lux and the cowbella. as mr and mrs linda prepare enough food in the hut, the woman started planting and working for her future survival. before long, she found a kitten in the rain. with the company of these small animals, the woman began to have a spiritual support. since the woman did not know how to use a gun, her first attempt to hunt failed and she got knocked on the head by the recoil. she did not get discouraged. she followed the dog to the crashed car. she found a map in the car. the map led her to a hunting lodge located higher up. after a night of trekking, the woman saw a lumber truck in the woods. and not surprisingly, she was still separated from the lumber truck by a hidden wall. after arriving at the hunting lodge in the mountain, the woman generally understood the situation around. as far as the eye can see, there seems to be no trace of anyone alive. after packing up the available things in the hut, the woman rested for a while under the warm sunlight. when she woke up again, it was already late, and she could only return to the old couple's hut before dark. it wasn't long before the woman began to write. through writing, she can not only record her life in the hidden wall, but also tried to relieve her depression. besides, her hunting skills were improving, and she was able to catch the prey in the woods. the kitten he took in at first gave birth to a pure white cub. the woman named the new life pearl. it was pearl's birth that made the woman realize she must be responsible for these forests, which brought her hope. she began to work hard and cultivate more crops and lands. in addition to the fatigue and pain caused by the work, the existence of the hidden wall also let the woman fell into deep sadness. fortunately, with the desire for life and the love for these small animals, the woman became strong again. she stocked up on more supplies and more abundant ingredients. however, there's no one she could communicate with this unresolved anguish was soon deluded by the optimism and simplicity of the dog luxury. the life in the woods was not as peaceful as the woman had expected. as the winter ends, the hot summer brings more worries. the nightly remembrance of the sound of deer and the death of the kitten made the woman's nights even more difficult. with winter coming again, the woman rethought the meaning of life in the snowy sky. and such thinking changed her perspective on life. the belly of the cow, bella, gradually became bigger. it makes the woman feel hope again. unfortunately, the woman, who hunted in the cold, became ill in the winter days and once again fell in boredom and helplessness. to the woman's relief, bella soon gave birth to a young bull. the rotation of life made the woman more dependent on the presence of the dog luxury. as the season changed, the woman packed up some of her belongings and brought her companions to the summer pasture. in this wonderful place, the woman felt the joy that nature brought to her again. also, the life of a dog, a cat and two cows allowed her to immerse herself in this pleasant time, the unpolluted paradise, the bright, starry sky and the time that seems to stop all let the woman felt a sense of peace and happiness. therefore, she stopped her daily writing, sinking herself into living with this world. however, this kind of life didn't stop the change from coming. as she moved back from the summer pasture, she began to keep the diary regularly. again, she found that her memory could not correspond to his previous records. the woman gradually lost track of the changes in time as she lived day after day and worked year after year. then he suddenly found a flock of crows on the tree outside the house. among these crows, a white crow appeared. so out of place, the woman seemed to feel some kind of resonance of life. she began to use her own food waste to help the little guy, who was rejected by his peers survive the winter. this tacit understanding and the tranquility of life let her ignore the existence of the hidden wall. however, the quiet and peaceful life was soon broken by an intruder. the bull, which was already an adult, was killed. lux also fell in a pool of blood under the man's frenzied attack, because she hadn't seen any humans for a long time. by the time the woman took up her weapon and shot the intruder dead, lux was no longer alive. after carrying lux to the top of the hill for burial, the woman rolled the man's body down the slope. in addition, she also pacified the restless bella. the loss of lux not only made the woman's life lost a certain joy and passion, but her soul also seems to be missing. falling into depression. after a long period of pain, the woman finally regained her composure. she chose to continue facing the future life bravely. however, with all the paper being used up, the woman can no longer record her life. at this time, the sky is still bright. she only had a carefree cat in front of her and the silence of the loss of luxury. although the bull pearl and lux had left him. once she saw the group of crows circling outside the house, the woman knew that the white crow that had long been familiar with her would continue to wait for her under the tree. well, that's it for today's video. if you like the video, please don't forget to subscribe and like, and i'll see you next time 