so welcome to part two of the breakdown. and what an episode that was the best of the season so far. and they've given us a lot to talk about, a lot to break down, which, of course, i'm going to be doing in this video and in the week, as usual, as we really dive deep into key conversations, foreshadows and clues. but from episode a serve, we're going to be, of course, talking about the main talking point, which is the attack on lulu. and i say attack because i definitely don't think he's dead, but many people do. so we're going to discuss whether he's dead or alive, symphony, noticing how tony had the detectives trying to catch marvin jukebox's emotional control, and some more death predictions going into episode 9 and 10 of raising canaan. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscriber and if you don't see everything power book 3, empower universe related, let's talk about the biggest talking point from the episode first, and that's it flew to his dead or alive after he was lit up by warrell and his boys. and just after the episode finished airing, malcolm mays, who plays lulu, posted this on his instagram, teasing us that he's actually dead, captioning that it was a blessing, a blessing to be a part of raising canaan, which raising canaan's stars also reposted. but i definitely think he's playing with us. this is the same question a lot of people had when they saw scrappy for the first time in episode 6. a lot of people thought he was dead. but as i said, scrappy still has a big role to play for racquel and in her organization. and rack even described him as a soldier, and he's gonna make it. and the same goes for lulu. i have no doubt that he's still alive. and there's a few reasons why i think so. and some of you may remember a video i broke down a week or so ago. i spoke about scrappy's death and whether we could see a same chess move that we saw in power. we saw kanan returning us slim after ghost thought he'd killed him. ghost thought he was dead, so did tasha and so did tommy. but kanan was able to move under the radar without being detected and able to strike at the perfect moment, something we learned from the 48 laws of power, transforming a weakness into power and disguising yourself as someone else. and this is what i think we could really see either from scrappy or lulu. now whenever we've seen unique or rocket attack, we've seen the other retaliate. but unique really did make a huge mistake in this episode, attacking one of the thomases. and had a conversation with one of the regulars in the comment section just after i finished watching the episode. i said, this was the wrong move from unique. he should never have hit the thomases. if he was gonna hit them, then he should have made sure he finished them. and it was definitely a mistake in not finishing the job on lulu. and this comment sums up my thoughts. when you come at the queen, you best not miss. and what unique did was he missed, not once, but twice. first was scrappy, when he didn't finish the job on him, because he's a tough [ __ ] soldier who managed to stay alive even though he had an eye socket pulled out and losing a kidney in the process. and now he's also missed with lulu when he should have finished the job because you can bear well, don't lulu wants out of the game. he's going to want revenge of some sort. and he's someone to get [ __ ] done and get [ __ ] done right. he never misses, apart from missing warrell, where he definitely used the wrong gun. but racquel and marvin will come with full force next week. and for those of you who have seen the trailer for the next episode, then you know what force they're gonna bring to unique. but you guys know, in this second video breakdown, i look at different viewpoints. and the viewpoint with regards to the war between unique and rack, which was different to the one that i gave, was raised by ja, and where i think juarez time is coming in the next two episodes. jay raised, it's time to start recognizing warrell as a real problem. he put scrappy and lulu in hospital and survived a home invasion shootout within the span of three episodes. i see him turning on unique, if marvin doesn't kill him first. so let's add to this. let's have a look at a couple of scenes which could back up this viewpoint. in episode four, we saw unique killing trends g right in front of warrell, his childhood best friend, who we grew up with in the same apartment block. so if he's capable of doing this to tres g, then what's to say warren won't be next? but let's bring it back to episode 8. unique was jumping to conclusions that rock was behind all of the bodies that were dropping in the street. and we as the audience know that wasn't the case. and it seemed that warrell did too. he tried to get his viewpoint over to unique, but unique is someone who doesn't really have a right hand man. i said in one of my previous videos that sometimes being a leader, you need a right hand man to challenge your decisions, challenge your vision and thought process, because sometimes two minds are better than one. and in this moment, you need to take anything on board that warrell said. it's his way and always his way. maybe if he did hear him, then he would have had a different move. because a war is always bad for business, but moral is definitely dangerous. and i agree with jay's viewpoint, with how he could turn on unique if marvin doesn't kill him first. because, let's not forget, you need to step to deal with scrappy, who's still alive. he then tasked him with dealing with lulu, who i also believe is still alive, despite what malcolm mays posted on instagram. and unique is someone who has shown us he can quickly turn on his own crew. so could we really see warrell turn on unique to save himself? let me know what you guys think down below in the comment section. now, one thing i do feel we need to touch on is, why did lulu steal unique jacket? we didn't exactly see what he did with the jacket. did he plant it somewhere? did he use it for something? they never really gave us the answer. but do you think it's a key detail that will most definitely come into play over the next episode or two? so hopefully we get the answer soon. i mean, if any of you guys have any ideas, then just drop your comments down below. again, but let's move on and talk about symphony. because this is a key detail, him clocking what tony was up to behind marvin's back. and i feel marvin, you anyway, especially when he gave this look as he walked past the cops. he was also very careful with the words he chose to speak and not to speak, similar to how when ghost knew that he was being recorded by proctor. now, tony ties in with my death predictions over the next two episodes. so i'm gonna expand on this comment where peach said that tony is gonna get killed because symphony overheard her talking to the cops, which could be a problem. and i definitely agree. tony, along with little rob, is who i think will die over the next two episodes. and i'll come to little rob in just a moment, but only because she's tried to snake marvin. symphony would most likely tell raquel about how she tried to set up marvin, and this could lead to rak taking her out. i mean, rak doesn't like her anyway, and we saw this play out in episode 1. but adding to this death prediction and comment, this is how i think raqqa could get more control over the club. if tony is out of the picture, then symphony could step up and take more control over the club. and this is how racquel and the thomas organization can get back in with lanes doing business. and this is a way of how symphony can get involved in this side of raqqa's life. we know how smart he is, and we've even heard kane and tell his moms that he can help him with their business. but one thing we still need to be mindful of is we've still not my hugo. hugo is the person who owns the club, and he was mentioned in the very first episode, and they've not mentioned his name for no reason. he's someone like d wiz's brother and breeze, who i do think we'll see at some point. but tony's death is a way rack could get more control over lanes. so she is one of my death predictions going into the last two episodes. and sticking with death predictions, lid rob is another one who i see being killed in the last episode or two, especially because he snitched on kanan. and we all know what happened to snitches in the world of power. once you snitch, you're a dead man walking. but let's come to jukebox, because she's someone who has stole the show in the very first season along with raquel. and i was expecting jukebox to have a hard time dealing with nicole's death in this episode. and seeing this side to duke that we saw are broken and a sad duke who's tired of the [ __ ] up life and place that they're living in. but jukebox's level of emotional intelligence is amazing. the way she didn't blame kanan for what happened to nicole, and even to some degree, felt like she couldn't blame herself. she clearly understands way before kanan, the consequences that our actions can have. i think duke would have left nicole for stealing anything out of her bag. she seemed like a mixture of disappointment and heartbroken. and ironically, what jukebox said to nicole about how she was gonna stop boosting, we saw nicole stealing something from duke's bag a moment later, which caused her death. but jukebox is way ahead of canaan in terms of street knowledge, knowing how your actions can have consequences, not just for yourself, but for others around you. and i mentioned after episode 3 that the jukebox that we're seeing is way ahead of kanan, and she'd probably stay ahead of kanan for a long time, because we saw how she controlled kanan in power. she used to control the conversations. she knew when kanan was lying and telling the truth, just like we saw in season three, episode three. so kanan has a lot more catching up to do and a lot more learning to do. and nicole's death, for jew, will make her that much more intelligent and stronger than she already is, because she suffered this heartbreak and setback a lot sooner than kanan has. and over the week, i will be diving deep into this conversation between howard and rag and other secrets that were spilled during this episode. but let me know what you guys think. do you think lulu is dead or alive? i definitely think he's alive, because there is no way lulu is going out that way. let me know your death predictions going into the final two episodes as well, because i feel there will be a lot more to come. i'm thinking tony and lil rob for being snakes. and let me know your thoughts on jukebox level of emotional control and intelligence that she has, knowing that the world that they live in have consequences for every action. drop all your thoughts down below in the comment section. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscriber and if you want to see everything powerbook 3, empower universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching. and i'll see you next time. 