welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond. episode seven. we begin with huck. remember, she skipped last episode because she was out scouting ahead. but now felix and the gang, with their new truck, comes to pick her up. they celebrate getting back together by drinking a mountain dew and talking about it for a weirdly long time. then that night, uncle tony shows them the maps he found to the crm's fuel depots. turns out their maps look blank, but if you use the right color filter and line it up, you can see where their fuel depots are. iris tries these filters on the map of new york lieutenant colonel kubrick gave her, and indeed, they find the dna strand that must be the research facility their dad's at. looks like it's at cornell university. so the teenagers go upstairs to celebrate. percy's got a bunch of booze, apparently, and they want to play truth or dare. iris picks truth. so percy asks, if she could do anything in the world, what would it be? and she wants to go to the louvre over in paris and see all the art. next hope picks truth, and percy asks her, what's the worst thing you've ever done? this immediately ends the game because, of course, hope has a dark secret. the worst thing she's ever done was shoe tilton's mom. she runs up to the roof to mope, but huck's like, yo, get your own moping spot. this one's mine. in fact, it's time for her backstory this episode. she was a marine when zombie apocalypse started. she was right there on the front lines, shooting zombies before anyone knew what was going on. and so when the order came down to kill all the civilians they just saved because they might be infected. huck couldn't go through with it. she killed all her fellow marines, including her boyfriend. got the civilians to safety, but super emotionally scarring. in fact, she gave herself that scar on her face to remind her to like, be a good person or something. anyway, hope confesses to huck about how she killed elton's mom. and she's like, i guess i should tell him. but it's like, nah, girl, that's gonna make you feel better, but it's gonna make him feel worse. you just keep that buried deep inside. so the next day they go to the nearest fuel depot. the civic republic doesn't bother guarding them because they're basically a secret and all locked up. but our gang breaks in there looking for gas. instead, they find a random guy who grabs hopes. apparently he and his friends used to live here before the civil republic came and killed them all took the place. but now he's taken it back, although all his friends are dead, and his leg has a zombie bite on it. looks like, hey man, we can help you. we can amputate your leg and you'll survive. but when his guards down, she grabs him and helps him by shooting him. oh, finally someone competent on the show. anyway, they find the gas and also a booklet of a bunch of civic republic codes. who knows what those are. then that night, percy asks iris on a date. it's like, hey, wanna meet me by the truck in about an hour and we'll make out? silas overhears this. remember, he's got his own romance going on with iris, and he is not happy. speaking of romance, elton clearly has a bit of a crush on hope he shows her the new magic trick uncle tony taught him. if there's one thing i know about romance, it's that girls love magic tricks. when iris goes out to the truck, turns out it's more than just a make-out date. he's built the louvre for her. wow, this kid's gone above and beyond for our first date. i guess it's the first girl his age has ever met, so he's over excited. also, he conveniently had books of art that he was able to cut out and hang up. what. in fact, though, percy never shows up for his makeout sesh. iris just passes out here. iris is woken up by a crash. she runs inside to find uncle tony beaten to death. yeah, remember he faked the gunshot wound last episode. but this time he ain't faking. the murder weapon appears to be silas's giant wrench. and indeed, hiding in the bathroom, drunk off his butt, is silas. it seems that silas tried to drown his sorrows and turn into a raging murder maniac. is it that simple? or is there more to this mystery? find out next time on the world beyond. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 