hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we'll be talking about the 2008 film Kung Fu Panda, the first Kung Fu Panda film. so let's get started. the film follows a giant panda named po who lives with his goose father, mr. ping, and works in a noodle restaurant. po is a kung fu fanatic who idolizes the Furious Five, composed of crane mantis, monkey, tigress and Viper, all of whom are kung-fu warriors led by Master Shifu. po wishes to become a master himself. we find Grand Master Oogway, master Shi Fu's mentor, has had a vision of Shi Fu's adoptive son and former student, Tai Lung, that will escape from prison and come back to the Valley of Peace to take revenge for being denied the Dragon scroll. the dragon scroll has been told to have the secret of limitless power. Shifu, concerned about Tai lungs possible escape, sends a goose messenger to warn the guards. however, one of the feathers from the goose falls, and Tai Lung is able to escape from prison. while this is all going on, Shifu holds a kung fu tournament in the hopes of identifying the mystical Dragon Warrior, the one who's supposed to be worthy of the Dragon scroll and capable of defeating Tai Lung. PO arrives of the tournament to sell noodles, but is unable to actually see what's going on in the tournament. desperate to see what is going on, he strapped some fireworks to himself and lands right in the middle of the arena, right azubu is selecting the Dragon Warrior. to everyone's surprise, poas proclaimed the Dragon Warrior. chief, who believes that ouble is mistaken in thinking po is the Dragon Warrior, and tries to get PO to quit, which can be seen through his training montage. the Furious Five are also not happy about the selection, especially tigress, who thought she should be the Dragon Warrior herself. hoo-boy convinces Shifu to promise to train poke. an ube turns into a cloud of peach blossoms, presumably dying. Shifu realizes that po can perform some amazing feats, so long as he is motivated by food. and he uses this now at in order to train po while po is completing his training, the Furious Five set out to take on Tai Lung, believing po will be unable to defeat them. Tai Lung is quickly able to defeat the Furious Five and continues to the valley. Shifu gives PO with the Dragons scroll, but it has revealed that there is actually nothing on the scroll. Shifu, believing the scroll is useless, has the Furious Five and po evacuate the valley. as Tai Lung arrives, po finds his father, who decides to console po by telling him the secret ingredient to his secret ingredient soup that is super famous, telling him that nothing is actually the secret ingredient. Poe's father explains that the soup is special because people believe it is po tree Liza's that this is the same concept that applies to the Dragons role, and that the limitless power comes from within the Dragon Warrior. PO returns back to the temple to fight Tai Lung. before Tai Lung can kill Shifu, Po and Tai Lung fight, while Tai Lung tries to read the Dragons rule. Tai Lung eventually does read the scroll but does not understand the message. po is able to defeat Tai Lung, and the valley is saved. the villagers rejoiced with the Furious Five, and Shifu attempts to attain inner peace now that the valley is safe. so that was the spoilers for Kung Fu Panda. if you have another film you would like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 