[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode, were breaking down how Bubba Fett survived the events of Return of the Jedi. the last time we saw the galaxy's most famous bounty hunter, he was on his way to a thousand years of painful digestion. but we now know that he's gonna be coming back in a big, bad way. throughout this video, we're gonna be discussing how the character managed to survive his fate and what he did after it. we'll also be giving our theories on how he could be brought back into the show, and whether he's going to be a hero or a villain. there will be some spoilers here. so if he don't want anything potentially ruined about the series, then I highly recommend that he turn off. now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy it. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of how Boba Fett's survived. okay, so the Hollywood report had dropped the news on Friday that bobba fett would be appearing in the Mandalorian, and that he would be played by none other than Tamera Morrison. this was the actor that played Jango Fett in attack of the clones, and it's great to see him back. that was used as a template for the clone troopers. and he was also given an unaltered clone for his son, which he named Baba. so it makes sense that he's reprising his role as the bounty hunter. now, though I have seen some unsure on whether he would be appearing in flashback, and if the Sarlacc would indeed still remain as his death, due to Morrison's age, in the fact that the show has already set five years after the events of Return of the Jedi, it does make sense to have the character older. let's face it, we all want to know what happened to him. and in the wake of the cancelled Boba Fett's solo movie, there's never been a better time to truly explore what happened on Tatooine. but how exactly did he get to this point, and have we seen him before? well, in episode 5 of the Mandalorian, we did get a tease that a mysterious figure would be appearing in the show in the episode, mano teamed up with the rookie bounty hunter in an attempt to hunt down Panik shant. things kind of went awry, but the episode ended with a mysterious pair of boots and cape approaching Chan's body. this was confirmed by the creative team to be Mothe Gideon. however, I do think that, in light of the recent announcement, that this will retro actively be changed to Fett. bother is, of course, a bounty hunter, so his tracking of Shann makes sense. and it could also set up how he will appear in the show, which I'll get into in just a bit. now, as for how he survived, in every version of the characters resurrection, he came out the same way. however, for this breakdown, we'll be focusing on above like that, the tale of Boba Fett by JD Montgomery. the book was published in 1996 and had pretty much centered around how Fett managed to escape the Sarlacc. now, in the book, upon landing in the pit, Fett awaken the consciousness within it. one of its first victims was a young join on a sous a Joe. and his mind had been melded with the pit. and it was as much him as he was it. sous a Joe had pretty much become the pit. and over millennia, it had existed by injecting its prey with neurotoxins, and then it slowly digested them with its stomach acids. Fett was able to communicate with Zeus a Joe telepathically, and during this time, he learned that they were one in the same. thus if he was able to fool through say Joe, he would be able to escape. that tricked the creature into wrapping itself around his jet pack, which then exploded, hurtling him free of the monsters tentacles. using a concussion grenade, he was able to escape through a wall in the creature, and he finally made it to safety. now what happens from here kind of varies depending on what you read in Star Wars legends. he's actually found by a sand crawler that just so happened to have also kidnapped r2d2. han Solo and Leia on a rescue mission for the Droid, and it's here that they cross paths with Bette. solo didn't want to harm the Bounty Hunter, but he attacked the character and hand managed to dive off the sand crawler just as it hurtled back into the pit. so yeah, this is the kind of fan fiction we used to get. he got out of the pit, and then he went immediately back in. however, Fett managed to escape once more in the same manner as before. and he was found by dengar, who had come to search through the wreckage of Jabba's bodge. then God didn't know that this was Fett, due to the damage on his armor, and he helped to get him back on his feet and took him away to be healed. they kind of had a back-and-forth rivalry over the heirs. but one of the notable things that happened to Fett was that he actually returned to the pit one year after escaping it. he was originally going to destroy it, but using his telepathic connection with the creature, he decided not to. I think that this story will pretty much be carried over the show, except for the whole in-and-out storyline involving Han Solo, cuz it makes fat look a bit stupid, which which he definitely doesn't need more of. he has to escape in some way, so they might as well keep it as simple as possible. and yeah, it does seem a bit like bad fanfiction to have him climb out and then almost immediately go back in. now, the way I think that he will be brought back into the show is through a similar thing that we've already seen. I do believe that he will be revealed as tracking down SH and. and with the bounty still on baby on his head, I think he will be the one to go after the character first, Mothe. Gideon has already failed, and it's likely that the price for the little youngling has now increased greatly, becoming an even more valuable target for bounty hunters. we know that Fett has worked with the Empire before, and that he was instrumental in tracking down Han Solo. perhaps Gideon knows of his exploits and has gone after him personally in order to give him a job that he really can't refuse. now there are two ways that that can really go, and that is either as a friend or a foe. and kind of using common sense here to predict the way that I think the show will venture, though I may be completely wrong. however, I think that that will initially start off as a villain. and now his appearance is said to be small. who doesn't want to see mando and fat facing up against one another? it's potentially one of the biggest battles that there could be in Star Wars, and it would just bring so much hype to the show that even non subscribers of Disney Plus would likely sign up just to see it go down. I think that might actually be mono - either in a space battle or from afar. however, upon getting in close and seeing that a Mandalorian is guarding his target, he might have a change of heart. again, that that's not really the fact we know who tends to be a bounty hunter or for everything. but I'm just saying how I think the show will operate. they'll Fett isn't technically a Mandalorian himself. I think you will find some common ground within Joran. and this may be the main thrust of the episode that he features in. din was, of course, saved by the Mandalorians himself and then brought in to the creed. and both in some ways mirror one another. they are both characters that took up the lifestyle of the Mandalorians. and pretty much plays into every aspect of who they are and what they I think that, due to fetes reputation that didn't we'll look up to the character, and after the pair-bond, fair may even become a mentor that could give him some advice. the other part is said to be small a thing, that there is potential here for him to be a returning character, as it just doesn't make sense to resurrect Fett and then kill him off at the first available opportunity. that is, unless, of course, Disney want to show that they actually real Star Wars now. and there's no way that any of their characters would be beaten by the older ones. they're kind of playing with fans emotions right now, and hearing the characters return did bring a lot of positivity towards the Disney Plus show. so I think it would be stupid to take all of this goodwill and scrap it at the first available opportunity. the Mandalorian season two is currently playing heavily into fanservice, and we've seen a lot of announcements surrounding this recently. firstly, ahsoka was / out there. and within the last couple of days, it's also been announced that Bogut an is back as well, I think it's a smart move on Disney's part, now that all of the new characters are established, to bring in the elder ones. it would be amazing if baby Oda was trained by ahsoka and manda was mentored by Fett. these are the kinds of scenes that fans want to play out in their shows, and it would be a dream come true for many Star Wars heads. let's face it, Disney dropped the ball with their handling of the Star Wars sequels, and I think memorable moments like this would fully restore the fate that fans lost in the studio. or what could happen is that it just pops back up in the cantina and looks over and give give us a little nod, just a little nod, and then he's off again, - to who knows where. and then Palpatine shows up for some reason, and it turns out that he was controlling a hall from behind the shadows. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on how the character is coming back, and whether you think he's gonna be a hero or a villain. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out a breakdown of all the west-world season 4 fan theories. we go through what we think will happen in the show. so it's definitely worth checking out. after this. if you want to support the channel from in Zulueta, it's 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you massively appreciate it, and it's a thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT or click the SCOR link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribe to the channel. and this Monty can win the marble face repot one box. then all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sit with no applications on. the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of May, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like. hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now, see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 