welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition. and this episode i'm joined by halloween expert Jimmy champagne. how's it going, Jimmy? how's it going everyone? my name is Jimmy champagne, and today I'm here to help definition spoil the entire Halloween franchise. now hopefully at this point you've seen most, if not all, of the movies featured and Michael Myers many timelines. but if you just needed a little bit of a refresher before the best holiday of the year, this is the video for you. that will be heavy spoilers here. so if you aren't fully up to date with the latest adventures of Michael Myers, then I highly recommend that you turn off now, without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the entire timeline of the Halloween franchise. our journey begins on a cold Halloween night in 1963, when a young Michael Myers murders his sister. flash forward a couple of years, and we join Laurie Strode on Halloween night in 1978, where she is hunted by a now adult Myers, who has returned to the town on a killing spree. out of all the rat cons, timeline changes and redos, one thing has remained consistent the events of this film. and even in the modern do-over, this still remains a constant. it's easy to see why as well. the film is a stone cold classic and still stands as one of the best horror movies ever made. it pretty much lays the signature moves of the series with Maya's being portrayed as an invincible shadow that you need to keep an eye on at all times. this film made a star of Jamie Lee Curtis and began the trend in horror films of the final girl that is still an aesthetic today that many movies call back to. you though she survives the events of the evening this time round, that doesn't mean she's away scot-free. and as we go into our next film, we see how the events of the night still have a lot more in store. Halloween 2 made the bold move to pick up during the ending of the original Halloween with the one take from the perspective of the shape. he recollects his signature weapon from the Elrod's home, before quickly making his way next door to remind us what we're dealing with by murdering another teenager. Laurie has taken to the head and field Memorial Hospital to recover from the night that she thinks is over. while dr. Loomis and sheriff bracket try to find Michael. Loomis and Brad can get sidetracked after mistaking Ben tramer for Michael, but we get this incredible went out of it, so it's all good. Michael eventually makes it to the hospital, where he gets to work sabotaging the cars in the parking lot and cutting the phone lines. after that, he makes his way through the hospital, looking for Laurie and killing everyone in his path. Loomis heads to the head in field Elementary School and discovers that Michael's inability to die comes from the idea of salvador, the celtic season that would one day become Halloween. but just as he realizes it was a divergent all along to get him off michael's trail, Marian Chambers tells him he's officially off the case and that he'll be escorted back to Smiths Grove by a US. Marshal on their way back to Smiths Grove, Marian tells Loomis that Laurie is actually Michael's sister. so Loomis forces are to turn around and head to the hospital. everything comes to a head there when Loomis shoots both of Michael's eyes out before shooting a can of explosive gas that engulfs both him and Michael in flames. as far as Halloween sequels go, this one is still held up by most fans is the best one. personally, I genuinely don't like the sister storyline, and the change in Michael's overall look is annoying. but I still love nearly everything else about it, especially the inclusion of Halloween as a holiday. I think that's really important. so I still watch it every year, right after the original, of course. Halloween three, the season of the witch, is by far the weirdest film in the franchise, with a pretty much possessing absolutely none of the traits that we expect from the series. there's no Michael Myers, no Laurie Strode and absolutely no Haddonfield. it's a strange move. and naturally, audience members were put off by the film due to it not possessing any of the elements of the franchise that people were actually interested in. this was an attempt by the studio to turn the Halloween series into an anthology, with each following film taking place around the holiday season. of the witch is pretty much a melding of the festivities of Halloween and ancient folklore, mixed with technology. and it centers around a company known as silver shamrock that have embedded microchips into their new range of masks that, if worn when a special commercial plays, melt the wearer's head. it's, yeah, it's pretty out there. and if you're looking for stuff to skip for a more streamlined view of the series, then I definitely recommend that you give this one a Miss. when the anthology idea didn't work out so well for Halloween three, Mustapha Akkad decided that the only way to push forward was to bring back Michael Myers. the problem was, he, of course, had a pretty definitive death at the end of Halloween too. instead of coming up with a pagan resurrection scene or anything wildly supernatural, the writers went with the idea that the explosion caused by Loomis was exaggerated and instead of killing the both of them in a literal blaze of glory, Michael went into a coma, and Loomis got a burn or two on his face. on October 30th, 1988, Michael is being transported back to Smith's Grove when he's awakened by two paramedics chatting about how his sister Laurie died in a car crash, but left behind a daughter named Jamie Lloyd. Michael escapes and reconstructs his costume of coveralls, boots and one of the worst masks of the series has to offer. the commotion he causes brings Loomis back to town, and he spends the rest of the movie hunting Michael while trying to protect Jamie and her sister Rachel. I like how for at least one scene, it turns into a little bit of a siege movie, like carpenter's assault and precinct 13, when Michael catches up with them at the new sheriff's house. and this is where we get the famous scene where he kills the sheriff's daughter by stabbing her with a gun. he then goes on to kill everyone else in the house and knocks Rachel off the roof Loomis takes Jamie to a school where Rachel eventually meets up with them after she wakes up on the lawn. and some local rednecks offer to drive them to the next town over. on the way, it turns out Michael latched on to the truck, but after Rachel knocks him into a ditch, the state police show up and unload a small militias worth of bullets into Halloween for ends with a POV shot of Jamie stabbing her adoptive mom, which seems to imply that she'll be the new Michael Myers, even though it's messy and the mask looks horrible. Halloween 4 was the shot in the arm the series needed. it didn't have any trouble making its money back, so a sequel was quickly thrown together for release the following year. and throw it together they did. the revenge of Michael Myers, which should pretty much be the subtitle of every film, in my opinion, follows the characters from the prior movie as they deal with the consequences of that. Michael is found by a hermit and nursed back to health, and as a thank-you, he kills them. Jamie has been admitted to hospital and somehow develops a psychic link with Michael. which, yeah, it was touched upon in the last movie, but here it really makes the series started. Jim the shock. she tries to convince people that Michael is still alive, but naturally, they don't believe here. and everyone's favorite, emotionless, zero banter having killer, comes back to town, Michael Lacey, to the cast of characters, and we get an awesome return of dr. Loomis, who uses Jamie as bait to lure her uncle out. there's even a moment where the murderous mutuality err Loomis has a stroke of good luck and survives once more. and it all ends with the mysterious man in black, no Will Smith, who shows up to kidnap Jamie and free Michael. which segues into the next film, Halloween six, is where the series really started to go off the rails, at least for me. it came out of full six years after Halloween five, and despite being a direct follow-up, its visual identity and tone are so different that it doesn't feel connected at all. after the events of Halloween five, Jamie and Michael are taken by the man in black who randomly shows up throughout its story. it turns out he's the leader of a pagan cult who has Jamie impregnated. oh, and while the movie never comes out and says it, it's heavily implied that the baby's dad is Michael Myers, which I guess makes him uncle dad. I don't really like that twist. anyway, Jamie manages to escape with her baby, and then she calls into a radio show to beg for help. after that, she hides her baby at a bus stop, right before being killed by Michael, thankfully. and now retired dr. Loomis hears her radio broadcast and heads out to head in field to kill Michael again. of course, things get majorly complicated from there, with Laurie's relatives living in the Myers house, Tommy Doyle coming back and being played by Paul Rudd, and a totally bizarre third act. the weirdest thing about Halloween six though is that it actually has two different cuts, which are slightly different from each other. the theatrical cut ends with Tommy beating the [ __ ] out of Michael with a pipe, and Loomis theoretically dying off screen. and the producers cut ends with Tommy putting a circle of rocks around Michael, which stops him dead in his tracks. there is a weird twist involving dr. Wynn switching places with Michael so he can escape. but this time we find out that Loomis's scream is due to him growing a thorn tattoo and realizing that he's cursed to take care of Michael for the rest of his life. no matter which one you watch, Halloween 6 is a complete mess. and it's a total bummer that it's the last time we ever saw Donald Pleasance on screen. still, it has a good sense of fall atmosphere, and both versions have their fair share of quality kills. up next is Halloween h2o, which completely washed most of the timeline, making it so that the only two films that ever happened were wean and Halloween. to the creators, at this point got into deep with all the unneeded mythology, and it was time to wave it goodbye. sob, sorry for the bad puns. always remember them having a weird allusion to water in the title, even though it has absolutely nothing to do with the movie. I'm sorry. I just couldn't resist. anyway, what the title does mean that is that this is 20 years since the first film. so we had to come up with some crappy wordplay that doesn't really work, but sounds cool. now, the film itself isn't all that bad. and whilst it definitely suffers from trying to adopt some of the tropes from the new wave of slasher horrors that were on the rise in the 90s, most notably scream, it's still a fun ride that's a great time capsule of the decade. back when this was made, you couldn't just block people on social media, so we learned that Laurie, in fact, faked her death in order to avoid Michael. and she began working as a headmistress at a boarding school and has a son named Jonah, played by Josh Hartnett. as per the reboots in the franchise, Laurie is worried that Michael will return. and not one to miss out on using his Halloween costume for the 70th time, Michael pops up to do some more killing. it's what you've come to expect. but the film takes a sharp turn at the end when Laurie kidnaps Michael's body from the coroner's van, traps him and cuts his head off with an axe, killing him outright forever. he's never coming back. nah. there's no way you can bring him back. he's got no head. he's got absolutely no head. there's no way, right? remember when I said Halloween 6 wasn't the worst movie in the franchise? that honor goes to Halloween resurrection. instead of setting trends for the slasher genre to follow, Halloween resurrection was content being an over produced mix of The Blair Witch Project and screen. it starts out by retconning the awesome ending of h2o, and finally putting Laurie Strode to rest on screen by doing a laughable body swap. after that, the plot jumps ahead three years and introduces us to two TV producers, played by Busta Rhymes and Tyra Banks. they hire a group of archetypal college kids to star in a Halloween night twitch broadcast in the Myers House. of course, Michael shows up and starts murdering the contestants, and it just gets more ridiculous from there. halloween resurrection not only has one of the worst asks in the entire franchise, but it ends with Busta Rhymes beating Michael to death and leaving him to burn. once again. at this point, the series was starting to feel really tired, so it went into hiding for a few years before coming back again thanks to Rob Zombie. the Halloween remake has Rob Zombie style all over it from the very first scene with Michael pretty much getting a fully fleshed out backstory that showcases what things were like before he decided to become a mass murderer. though the plot is very similar to the 1978 original, it expands on the law by showing Michael's childhood being full of bullies and a Beautif stepdad and a haircut that would make Kurt Cobain jealous. this pretty much shows everything, his school life, relationship with others and all of the treatment that he goes through in the asylum. those that like the mystery of Michael will probably find it a bit too much information, but audience members that want to know more will lap this up. there's a real, for lack of a better word, dirtiness to the film. and even dignified characters like dr. Loomis had a certain edge to them. he gets a far more expanded role, and has played brilliantly by Malcolm McDowell, who examines the true heart of the character. rather than painting Michael out as the boogeyman, this movie tries to understand what made him that way. and it's a real psychological study of what makes someone commit evil acts. he kills animals, stalks people, lashes out at those that have wronged him in order to get revenge. and as far as characterizations go, this is the deepest look into the characters mind that we've ever had. however, the film is still beholden to the tropes that made a series what it is. and there's ultimately a lot of rehashing of the iconography of the first movie. the score from the first film is reused. and in the end, this boils down to a battle between Laurie and Michael on Halloween night. a couple of teens die, couple of people fall over. you know the gist by now. but the style of the film really elevates this movie. if you're looking for an entry point to the franchise, this might be worth picking up over the original. but in terms of those who loved that first film, I don't think this will measure up for you. Rob Zombie's Halloween 2 is definitely an interesting movie. the problem is it isn't really a Halloween movie. a year after the events of his first movie, Laurie is living with the brackets, and she's a completely different person. she's in therapy, and she's gone from being the good girl on Halloween to a trashy goth who works in a record store. dr. Loomis is also completely different in this movie. he uses the killing spree from the first one as a jumping-off point for his career, and he writes another book all about Michael. but he has a total character shift that basically turns him into a massive douchebag. Michael decides to become a homeless person. but since Rob Zombie needs his wife to be a major character in every movie, he makes her ghost essentially becomes the mrs. Voorhees - Michaels Jason, he heads back to Head &amp; field to finish what he started. now I'll admit, there are some good kills in this movie, but since Michael has a motivation, he's not really the absence of character he's supposed to be on top of that by the end of the movie, half his mask is missing, so it's hard to see him as the shape from that point forward. I like that it explores the trauma of the events the first movie inflicted upon Laurie, and the director's cut definitely fills in a lot of the frustrating gaps. but overall, it's a disappointing entry in the series that we probably have to thank for the excellent reboot / sequel that came out last year. Halloween 2018, was a big shot in the arm for the franchise. and whilst I don't think that unnecessarily knocks out of the park, that least puts the building blocks in place that allow for some course correction in the franchise. the film completely wipes all of the events that happened outside of the first film and states that Michael was captured on the night of 1978 and placed in an insane asylum where he was studied. Laurie Strode, aware that he will one day get out, because she's probably seen all the movies, has spent four years preparing for his return, and has had several failed marriages and fall outs with a child and grandchild because of her obsession with the killer. however, it turns out to be warranted when Michael does indeed return. and Halloween brilliantly retried several similar circumstances that we saw play out in the first film, but with the roles flipped. the movie has one of the best one-shot takes in it that I've ever seen. and there's a real return to form here, with the movie delivering one of the best arcs in the entire series. Halloween is a great film, and if we had to reboot the entire universe just to get this, then it certainly feels worth it. Halloween kills is the upcoming direct sequel to Halloween 2018. we don't know a whole lot about it just yet, but thanks to some pictures that have been released from the set, we know it'll at least start at the end of Halloween 2018, with Laurie being taken ahead and filled Memorial Hospital, which is a pretty Halloween - based on the ending of Halloween 2018, it'll be interesting to see how Michael Myers managed to survive, but this time going on a murder spree is going to be even tougher for him. since Tommy Doyle, sheriff Brackett Lindsay Wallace and Marion chambers are all coming back as adults. it's definitely safe to say he'll make it out of this one - though, since a direct sequel called Halloween ends has also been announced to release in 2021. thanks again the definition for inviting me to help out with this video. it was a ton of fun rewatching all the Halloween movies for it, and I hope it inspired you to go watch them for yourself. anyway, guys, my name is Jimmy champagne, and I'll see you in the next one. huge. Thank You, Jimmy. I genuinely, genuinely, massively appreciate you taking the time to watch all these movies again just to be part of this video. you're welcome back any time. just kidding. you're blocked. now, if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up and head over to Jimmy's channel for every update on the upcoming Halloween movie. I'll leave that linked in the description below. and if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out my breakdown of Michael Myers, which would be linked at the end. we go over the characters entire history. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you enjoyed this video, if you want to come chat to me after this, and make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey, or head over to my discord server, which you'll be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3 part 1 box set and blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming or Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the Halloween timeline in the comment section below. but one it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the Celt be shipped out from then. - ever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] 