cinema synopses, spoiler alert. on the polynesian island of motu nui, the inhabitants worshipped the goddess taffy, t who brought life to the ocean using a PO namu stone as her heart and the source of her power. one day there was a shape-shifting demigod of the wind and sea, and wise Maui. Maui steals the heart to give humanity the power of creation. however, defeat II disintegrates, and Maui is attacked by losing both his magical giant fish hook and the heart to the depths. a millennium later, Moana, daughter of molten reefs chief tui, is chosen by the ocean to return the heart to defeat II. however, - he arrives and takes Moana away, causing her to lose the heart. tui and Mona's mother, Cena, tried to keep her away from the ocean to prepare her for ascension as the islands chief. Moana is frustrated by being contained in her village, as she realizes. [Music]. years later, after Moana has grown older, a blight strikes the island, rotting the coconuts. I was husking the coconut and dwindling the number of fish caught. wanna suggests going beyond the islands reef, beyond the reef to find more fish, but tui forbids it. Sina explains to Moana that tui is hard on her because because he was you, him and his best friend tried going beyond the reef, but the friend died. Moana and her pet pig, puah, tried conquering the reef, but are overpowered by the oceans tides and end up shipwrecked. back on molten ooey. Mona's grandmother, Tala, shows her a secret cave where a number of ships are hidden, revealing something. Tala explains they stopped when Maui stole to feed his heart, and that teca's darkness is raining the life, but it can be cured if Moana and Maui hala gives the heart to Moana. Tala falls ill shortly after and dies, but not before encouraging Juana. wanna set sail on one of the hidden comic ow accidentally, accompanied by her dim-witted rooster. hey, hey. Moana is caught in a typhoon and shipwrecked on an island where she finds the stranded Maui, who traps her and steals the comic ow. but Moana catches up to him with help from the ocean. did not see that coming. she demands that Maui, but he refuses. they are attacked by Kimura coconut armored pirates who seek to steal the heart by kidnapping. hey, hey, the chicken who ate the heart. but Moana and Maui a twit. Moana realizes Maui is no longer a hero, and convinces him to redeem himself by returning the harp deal. Maui first needs to obtain his fish hook, which is located. Juana enters the layer of Tama Toa a giant, greedy coconut crab, using herself as live bait to distract him and allowing Maui to climb atop the crab and retrieve his fish hook. however, Maui discovers he cannot control his shape-shifting and loses confidence. Tama Toa reveals that Maui's first tattoo was earned when his mortal parents rejected him. Maui's parents, they threw me into the sea like I was nothing. so he spent his time trying to give humans anything they could ever want so that they would love him. but it was never enough. after reassurance from Moana, Maui regains control of his powers and then teaches her to sail the to arrive at a Fugees island, only to be attacked by take ah, who damages Maui's fishhook. fearful he will lose his power, Maui abandons Moana, I'm not going back, who tearfully asks the ocean to find someone else to restore the heart. the ocean obliges and takes the heart from Juana. Talas spirit appears, inspiring Moana to find her true calling. Moana decides to fulfill the destiny, retrieves the heart and sails back to confront takeoff. Maui returns, convinced by his tattoo to change his mind, but his fish hook is destroyed by takeoff. Marana discovers taffy t is missing, but realizes tech ha is the goddess. Juana restores to feeties heart, transforming her back to normal. defeat e then heals the ocean and islands of decays poison. Maui apologizes to defeat e, I have no excuse. I'm sorry. who forgivingly restores his fishhook and goes into a deep sleep. Moana bids farewell to Maui. see you out there. Maui returning home where she reunites with her parents and takes up the role of chief, setting sail on a voyage, accompanied from afar by Maui and hala. [Music], 