listen. so we're gonna be releasing several videos on her Sundance coverage, all leading up to the must watch, which includes everything we saw there. but we figured why not start with the most expensive sale out of Sundance, breaking the record with a whopping 69 sets? let me explain. so Palm Springs is produced by The Lonely Island, who were able to score the record-breaking deal. and I believe the last one to hold the record was Birth of a Nation. and something tells me this will have less pushback at the box office. it stars Andy Samberg and Cristin Milioti, who find themselves reliving a wedding in Palm Springs, which is the same place a director got married at. and it's a pretty cool time loop movie. granted, when you're at a festival, a lot of the movies don't have trailers or stills. hell, they don't even have posters sometimes. so it was a cool surprise going in not knowing anything about it. obviously, the press notes and the eventual trailer aren't gonna highlight the time looping, but that's what we want to try to hook up some more tickets for next year. we were able to do that this year. but, you know, it's just cool to be able to be a part of the festival and being able to experience these movies without knowing anything, no marketing. you know, Ron tomato scores zilch. and I want you guys to have that opportunity as well. in terms of this one, though, the test of a good movie is if it can stay in multiple viewings, especially in the case of a movie that involves multiple viewings. I think these two do a fantastic job in the film. JK Simmons, and a comedic role is always great, because he's still scary. but the cast really is what makes it. when to watch with an audience. one of the notes I was given on set was to bring less Joe Pesci energy. and it was, I thought you said, do I think it was worth the highest record at Sundance? probably not. but it definitely feels more like a premiere in my eyes, considering the teams behind it. so I definitely think it's gonna do well when it gets released publicly. it'll probably break my top five comedies. but certain elements, as we learned in the Q&amp;A, are just there cuz the filmmakers like the 90s blockbuster. that's fine, but maybe those jokes will work better for other people that are not me. it does have the good old Groundhog Day theming of living life to the fullest, while at the same time, you know, naming Niall Niall cuz he's a nihilist. but I think people are gonna love this one, even if you're not into the Lonely Island sense of humor. it's a genre that's been getting Superbowl commercials that are technically sequels. so it's nice to know that such a repetitive concept is worth repeating if you find a good setting, a premise, and, most importantly, actors you don't mind over and over. so anything that can help something you put a lot of time and energy and love into get seen by people who like seeing things, I feel like it's a great place for it. we're hoping pornhub picks it up. yeah, we should say pornhub is interested. they took me for a burger on Fairfax and showed me a PDF about their plan to get someone to buy them a boat that we could ride around in for all summer. I'm Nebo. so this is a series of shorts about a 47 foot speed boat named layin pipe that gets chronicled throughout Miami. and as you heard, it's based off of a PDF file. it's pretty much an anthology of this boat, with every short having the same production team and the director being swapped out for each one. and they practically had free rein to do whatever they wanted. and so we go from like Miami real estate during an impending flood to a boat. daddy V are the Green Rangers in it? fin wolfhard, for those who like strange things, Robert Redford came out of retirement for the 14th time to voice a dolphin as his grandson directs the segments that Daniels direct a segment. who did? I love the Daniel's. they were the reason why I check this movie out. producer Phil Lord worked on it. it's a lot of many things, and I don't want about it too when Jean rrah, but I think depending on how its comedy hits you is going to be the deciding factor. at the QA, they really honed in on how the movies mosaic quality, how it jumps all over the place, really represents Miami and all its parts with how energetically it jumps around. they even brought up how Miami is rumored to be flooded by the 2050s. so they had this sense of urgency, but it's also Miami, so they're chillin. how the boat itself like, I don't know if it has its own IMDB, but the boat was born in Miami, like in real life, before moving to the Ozarks. cuz, in case you didn't know, the saltwater in the South decays these boats, so a lot of them have to be transferred over to, like, I don't know, Jason Bateman's place, where he's probably stashing the product. so what the filmmakers had to do was finally, in pipe of Missouri, tote back to Miami and technically return it to its rightful home before trying to sell it at Sundance. yeah, and I really like the first half of the movie, but I don't know what happened in the latter half. I'd argue the boat daddy segments, while funny and heartfelt, is where it starts to sink a little bit. but once the rick ross sketch starts, for sure, i mean, what an ending to that one. but that's when i docked. they spent a year and a half figuring out how they were gonna piece all of these artist shorts together. so i'm sure one of these days people will like get together and rearrange the segments and create different Fantasia's, like they already do for a bunch of other movies. plus, they're supposedly like, nine hours out. there is a nine-hour cut, so there's plenty of footage to play with. but the best part about anthologies is that you can prefer ones over others. it's almost like watching a shorts Film Festival with a reoccurring theme, or sparked. you're still paying for the whole thing, and it two hours. it's kind of hard only recommending half of it. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten on your thoughts down below in the comment section. again, Palm Springs had the biggest record, so I think that one's gonna do pretty well. I don't it's always interesting to think, like as culture, you know, shifts, everyone says Groundhog Day when it comes like that genre. and anytime movie was maybe would always refer to Groundhog Day. and we would sometimes bash it. that was like a Jonin of itself. there's a bunch of movies to do the Groundhog Day thing. I don't think, you know, in the future, kids are gonna be calling it the palm springs. I think it's all gonna be Groundhog Day. but I think Palm Springs is going to be that Groundhog Day movie for this new generation who may have not gone back and seen Groundhog Day, or missed a commercial at the Superbowl. in terms of Omni bow again, I was in there for the Daniels. I really like the Daniels. they director one of the segments. it's just, it's all over the place that I'm curious to see what people like about it. I even gave a ticket away for that one, and they didn't know what to make of the second half. but it is interesting to hear how they made the movie. use a little bit right here to sort of a model of this. and find our called an exquisite corpse. and when you sort of start something and then ask someone else, come on, go finish the rest. so I find that kind of cool, that they like, all edited together. and it was like an assembly assembly, the assembly cut. again, the final product didn't end up working for me. but I'm so curious to see them try this concept with other things and saying how it works. and in worst case, I do think that it succeeded with the Miami love letter that they were trying to go for. but other than that, like I said, we're gonna be doing a couple more of these individual ones leading up to the big must-watch. we also have the intercut one that we did that covers pretty much all the categories at sundance. so we have a lot of sundance coverage that's coming out, especially with a lot of these movies not coming out so a lot later. and then South by coming up. so other than that, let me know your thoughts about these movies, whether you're excited for them, put them on your radar. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. I won't let you 