I don't know what's with these robot movies getting younger and younger. a little girls to try and but they're all kind of blending in. I'll be honest. even though my uncle directed the last one, I didn't really care for it. it was cool, more oriental version of transformers, before transformers themselves went more oriental. but I have to give this sequel of streaming because I guess I just love giving those out. let me explain. so in the last one, it just outlook died by and pretty much saved the world. turns out that he has a son in the second one, which didn't really appear in the first, but he's always just out partying since it's been like a decade, and everyone thinks no other attacks are going to happen, because that's how tragedies work. there's also this young girl with no parents living in the scrapyard. she's like a master at building things out of scraps. knows how to fight. meets up with john-boy. it's ray. it. it's right to point out, they both end up in jail because of shenanigans. and in order to avoid that, they joined the robot military, where now he has to be a teacher, and she's a cadet. again, I don't know why the fate of the world is on kids. and I don't know building an army when you had a decade. but if you remember the last one, Charlie Day keeps like a brain from one of the kaijus, and every night he treats it like Rus. you know, the most productive [ __ ] you could do with the with the woman, or with anyone in general life, is mentally [ __ ] the [ __ ] out of them and put them on to some new wavelengths, in new material, knowledge wise, so they can use it to make their life better. so eventually it starts taking over. he goes all dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde, and things get way less sunny. the kaiju brain starts controlling the Jaeger robots, looking like Krang from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. it gets control of a bunch of other Yeager's and reopens the Pacific Rim in the ocean so other kaijus can rip through and destroyed things with that glacier fries Gatorade, right? thing that they got going on. now, you know, you really got a when this dude ends up being the guy who you dependent on. I mean, no offense to my man, right? but he looks like what White Walkers from Game of Thrones would be scared of. he looks like what a haunted house feels like. it was like evil Eddie Redmayne feels like he feasts off the skulls of little children. at this point, you know, John boyega has to rally the troops of twelve-year-olds and has to give a speech that rivals his dad's. and he tried. I mean, it's just hard to top that. you know, it's like the guy who gave the speech after MLK's, I have a dream speech. there's, there's not much you can do. obviously, they happen to Megazords. they do that thing that the avatars did when they connect to each other. and boyega finally does the thing he tried doing in the last Jedi to destroy the final colossal kaiju. thousands have died, but the world is saved. they lock up Charlie day and announced that in the third one, they're going to go pay the aliens a visit and then connect it all to Cloverfield. thank you guys for checking out this video. again, a quick, short one. this is one of those movies where you just yeah, at the like aliens and robots, and it's just about whether you like seeing that on screen. I think we just gotten so many of them, and other movies have done it a bit better, right? like, I'm not a big fan of the transformer stories, but when it comes to the effects, those robots are real, right? but I'm curious to know your thoughts on this. let me know down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you your very own Yaeger 