hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today i'm going to introduce you a sci-fi suspense film, the elizabeth harvest. in a car running around a remote, rugged mountain, the new bride, elizabeth, is taken home by her husband, henry, on their wedding day. the house is situated on the hillside, palatial, but separated and staffed only by two servants, claire and oliver. there finally comes the nightfall, when the new couple is anxious to let go off their full loaded hormone. the next day, elizabeth is shown around the villa. she finds everything so wild, luxury and gorgeous, but except one forbidden room in the basement that she's not allowed to enter. elizabeth has to promise to henry, even though she can access any room with her fingerprint. henry seems too busy out with his business to accompany his new wife. while elizabeth is always kept alone, idling most of her boring time by entertaining herself with clothes and jewelry. and a night, after the two servants leave the villa, driven by her curiosity, the still awake elizabeth makes her way to the forbidden room, where she explores the frozen cabins and discovers, accidentally, clones of herself. she's scared away, trying to call the police for help, but only finds there is no phone reception in the house. the next morning, henry returns home. elizabeth tries hard to control her anxiety, but unfortunately, henry smells something strange and quickly discovers her deceit. so later that night, after a goodbye sex to his new wife, henry plans to end her life. with a butcher knife in hand, he chases and hunts the begging elizabeth all around the house, with nowhere to hide and escape. elizabeth finally got killed by the husband. the following day, henry buries the dead body with help from the two servants, who seem to take nothing serious towards the death. six weeks later, in a car running around the same mountain, a new elizabeth is taken home with the same wedding ceremony. everything happens to the same scenarios, designed carefully by henry, the same house tour and the same wonderful bedtime for hormone let go. without any surprise, the new elizabeth goes through the same experiences. she then gets bored and explores the forbidden room out of her curiosity. she's then screaming out away from that hell, waking up a new clone body hibernating inside. as usually planned. it's the right time for henry to enjoy his new game, hunting for the elizabeth who's discovered the secret. but this time henry turns to get killed instead by the girl pretending feyn out. later, realizing she can't open the front door, even with henry's fingerprint, elizabeth tries to cover the incident. she clears the floor blood and hides up the body, but it's spotted out soon by the two servants. claire is then getting a heart attack and rushed to the hospital, while oliver offers to help elizabeth burn the body and then tells elizabeth the shocking truth that she's the fifth clone who has just wakened up to replace the dead fourth oliver, who's totally blind leader, tricks to imprison elizabeth up and orders her to read claire's journal for him. the journal reveals that the original elizabeth was henry's wife, but she died of a rare medical condition. so henry, as a famous scientist in the genetic field, created clones of her. the initial two attempts were unsuccessful, so the letter four clones were kept in the frozen cabin, waiting for more mature research. claire was hired five years ago to help with the research on the cure. she spent two years and found a cure for the medical condition with genetic coding, while henry implanted the third clone with memories recorded previously. the third clone turned out to be in good condition at the beginning, but later she suffered from an issue of memory, dying away. three weeks later. the third clone was claimed dead by henry for the reason that she suffocated herself during her deep sleep. claire doubted it a little bit, but she chose to believe henry and buried the third clone. claire helped henry get through the failure, and they even became lovers to each other by taking chance of the dinning time. elizabeth knocks off the blind oliver, ties him up and forces him to give her the code for the front door. she then rushes to test the code, but finds she's been cheated. she returns angrily for the blind oliver, who's in the basement taking medical care on a sixth clone, by the time elizabeth loses her attention, she's been taken down again and get chained up. the blind oliver is eager to know any details concerning him in claire's journal. in return, the man tell her more formation, that claire had already found an effective way to deal with memory fainting issue. but henry, in fact, killed the clones on purpose and even blinded oliver for the reason that oliver challenged him for his immoral treatment on the clone. with more explores on the journal, elizabeth realizes that oliver is actually a clone of henry himself. but she keeps the truth from the poor man, only tells him he's henry's son. she then manages to get the front door code from oliver, but right before her escape for life, she is confronted by the sixth clone holding a gun, who seemed so confused and unaware of what had been going on. during the confrontation, the new clone shoots and kills oliver by accident, and badly injures the elizabeth v who struggles to make her way out of the house trying to seek her freedom. ironically, she's then shot down by the coming sixth before she dies, she manages to give the last words to the sixth, begging the sixth read the journal herself for the shocking truth. on the next day, with breakfast set on the table, elizabeth 6 then begins to read claire's journal, which tells further details that claire gets to know. actually, henry becomes to entertain himself by killing his clone wife on purpose. only in that way he can experience the endless wonderful wedding sex with his new clone wife. the story ends with claire returning to the house where the clone elizabeth gives the journal back to claire and sets out on her own for a new and free life. this is daniel cc. movie review. bye. 