The Walking Dead is back with a new time setting, in cast of characters and scenario for our survivors. with Episode seven, we see the continuation of this arc. and throughout this video, I'll be discussing episode 7, Stradivarius in full detail. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so if you haven't seen the show yet, and I highly recommend that you come back to this video after watching it, with that out the way, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. last week we saw the continuation of the six year time gem that the show introduced after the finish of Andrew Lincoln's contract. yay, he can finally go be with his real family. anyway, we were introduced to a new cast of characters. we saw Legolas reunite with Aragorn and a sneak peek of the whisperers. Episode seven continues with this, with Carol trying to convince Daryl that his son needs protection, and with him being Rambo now that he's the best guy for the job, daryl is currently not living his hashtag best life, and resides in the forest with a dog named dog. Daryl believes that the boy can figure things out on his own, and doesn't seem helpful towards the two. Magne and a group are making the perilous journey to help up. with Michonne finally seeming to open up and trust them. they go back to their former camp and discovered that walkers have destroyed her. and Michonne decides that the perilous journey may not be in her best interests. she eventually does come round and even gives the group back their weapons, which highlights that maybe she's realizing they may not be that bad. at Hilltop, we see our first view of the location since the time jump, and the place has become like a paradise. we finally learn of Maggie's fate, and it appears that she's left to stay with Georgie, leaving Jesus as the leader. Jesus has been secretly mean errand for martial arts training and the to discover Rosita, who is alone in the wilderness after barely surviving the herd that we saw in last week's episode. to me, they are playing pretty closely to the comics at the moment. and for those who don't know, and by the way, there are huge spoilers ahead, so turn off now if you haven't read the book or don't wanna know about Rosie as fate. but Rosie as death is a big event in the whispers arc, when alpha disguises herself as one of Rick's people and infiltrates the fairground. in the boots, she decapitate several and puts their heads bikes, with Rosita being one of them. I really hope the character doesn't die, though, because Gabriel was finally starting to get some outlet. Jada's friendzone, james. daryl is later saved by Carol son Henry, and we discovered that the former self isolation is because he is looking for someone, presumably Rick's body. Daryl decides that you will protect Carroll's son and ride to hilltop. but this journey is short-lived when they get asked to look to Eugene. I think they will probably find Eugene either in a whisper Enclave or surrounded by them, which is when we'll finally learn of the seasons big new villains. but there is potential for a lot to happen here. so what are your thoughts on the new direction that the Walking Dead is taking? are you enjoying the new characters? and what would you like to see before the season's end? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of last week's episode. who are you now? this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. I'll see you next week. take care. peace. [Music]. 