all scenes in this movie are fictional. names characters, business events and incidents are the products of the author's imagination. any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. viewers, discretion is advised. movies in short. here today we'll discuss a 2006 horror mystery movie called silent hill. sit back, relax and enjoy. rose de silva and her husband, chris are searching for their daughter, sharon. in the middle of the night, rose sees sharon standing in a trance. we see from sharon's point of view that the world is falling apart and becoming hell. just before sharon sleepwalks off the cliff, rose gets to her and wakes her up. she starts screaming, silent hill, silent hill, over and over. chris arrives and tries to comfort his wife and daughter. we cut to sharon, who is sitting and drawing by a tree. rose comes over and compliments her daughter's drawings. she then discusses sharon's sleepwalking and how she keeps mentioning silent hill. sharon says that she doesn't remember. but rose replies with, that's why we're going there. so you can remember, they leave and head out. meanwhile, we see chris trying to contact his wife, who is continually ignoring his calls. he begins looking at some of the websites. sharon pulled up on silent hill and learns that it is located in west virginia. it is considered one of the most haunted towns in america, and 30 years ago, there was a large underground fire that killed nearly everyone there. that night, sharon and rose pull over to refill gas and to ask for directions. as she gets out, rose notices sharon's pictures and sees that they've been changed to show people burning in various buildings. rose asks sharon about them, but sharon starts crying and shouts that she didn't do them, which a nearby female police officer takes notice of. rose goes inside to pay for the gas. the cop comes over and tries to talk to sharon, but she rolls up the window and ignores her, saying she never talks to strangers. the cop smiles and says, good girl. inside, rose tries to get directions to silent hill, but is told that the road is closed and her credit card has been declined. she pays with cash and then calls chris. through their conversation, we learn that sharon was adopted from somewhere in west virginia, where silent hill is located. rose heads back to the car, and the cop asks if she needs any help, but rose waves her off and drives away. the officer writes down her license plate number as she leaves. a little while later, we see rose and sharon back on the road when they get pulled over by the cop from before. she approaches the vehicle just as rose notices a sign indicating the turn off is right ahead. she tells sharon to buckle her seatbelt and speeds off. the cop gets on her motorbike and gives chase. rose crashes through a padlocked gate and crosses an old bridge. loud static from the radio distracts rose, and when she looks back at the road, a figure steps in front of the vehicle. rose swerves to try and avoid collision, but crashes into the embankment. the next morning, rose wakes up with a big bump on her head. she looks around groggily and suddenly realizes that sharon has disappeared. she gets out of the car and begins calling for her as she notices that ashes are falling from the sky. she passes a sign that says, welcome to silent hill and heads into town. as she walks down the street, calling for sharon, she sees a little girl who looks like her passing by. rose chases after her and ends up at a stairway leading down below street level. before she can descend, a loud air raid siren begins to sound. she continues down the stairs as darkness covers everything. as rose takes out her lighter, she notices the floor and walls are falling apart, similarly to sharon's drawing. she wanders around as loud machinery is heard everywhere. she inspects a bed filled with blood. and a startle by clattering on a nearby fence. she turns and catches another glimpse of the sharon lookalike. she runs after her, but stumbles upon a strung up and gutted person. as she turns around, a loud screeching creature approaches her. more creatures appear and start chasing her. rose manages to run past them and ends up finding a door. the creatures overwhelm her. as she gets the door open, she struggles and screams, and suddenly the creatures start evaporating. she momentarily fades. some time later, she wakes up in an abandoned bowling alley where ring of fire is playing on a jukebox. everything seems to have gone back to normal, almost as if it was a dream or hallucination. she runs out of the bowling alley and heads down a street, trying to find someone, but is stopped by an enormous chasm that seems to have cut silent hill off from the rest of the world. she hears a voice behind her say, only the dark one opens and closes the door to silent hill. she turns and sees a disheveled and dirty homeless woman named dalia. rose tells her she is looking for sharon, but dahlia just says, we've all lost our children. rose pulls out a locket and shows her a picture of sharon. dalia claims that the picture is of her daughter, not roses, and tries to attack her, but she pushes her and runs away, as dahlia says, into the fire, she swallowed their hate. we then cut to chris, who pulls up at the same gas station that rose was at a day earlier. he gets out and asks the station mechanic if he's seen his wife. but the mechanic claims his daughter was on shift last night. chris then pulls out some cash and asks where the silent hill turn-off is back in town. we see rose heading back to the car. she sees a picture of sharon blowing on the ground. she goes through more pictures of a school burning, and realizes there are places around silent hill. she gets in the car and calls chris's cell phone, but it goes straight to voicemail. rose explains what happened and tells chris that she is heading for the school. she tries to start the car, but is interrupted by the cop, who tells her to get out. rose tries to tell her that she is just trying to find her daughter, but the cop is not convinced, as she sped away earlier. she puts her in handcuffs and tells her they are going back to the station on foot, since her bike is broken. meanwhile, we see chris barely able to hear the voice message left by rose because of the high static he pulls up to the bridge, but it is blocked by police. he says that his wife might have gone through here with a jeep. they let him through to talk with detective thomas gucci. the detective says they found his wife's car, but it was empty. gucci also tells him that a deputy named sybil bennett went missing. here we cut back to rose, who is explaining why she brought sharon here, as it might help her condition. but sybil is ignoring her and thinks she is making it all up. they reach another dead end chasm. rose yells at sybil about not believing her, just as something comes out of the mountains that looks like a person. sybil takes out her gun and yells at it to halt, but it keeps coming, and we see that it has no arms and grey skin. it spits acid on sybil's jacket and helmet. she removes her helmet and shoots the spitter nine times before it goes down. rose seizes the opportunity and runs back into town, still in handcuffs, but now with a clear destination. she finds a map of the town on a corner lamppost, and eventually makes her way to midwich elementary school, whose motto above the school door reads, the foes of the righteous will be condemned. rose finds the main office and grabs a set of keys to every door and draw in the school. she also uses the keys to get a flashlight out of one drawer, which, thankfully works. we go back to chris, who is being driven around a bright, fuckless and ashley silent hill by gucci. gucci is on the pa system and is telling rose to come out. meanwhile, we see rose searching the school when she hears something coming from upstairs. she shouts sharon's name, and then spots a pair of very imposing men, the miners come out from the hallway. she runs off, and eventually ends up in a classroom. she finds a desk with a word which carved into it, and looks inside, she finds the journal of olessa gillespie. and we see a scene of the young girl, who looks like sharon, being mocked by her classmates for apparently being the daughter of a witch. suddenly, rose sees either olessa or sharon running past and follows her into a bathroom. inside rose hears the sounds of a little girl crying and figures out which stall it's coming from. she opens the stall, but instead of alessa or sharon. finds a dead, naked janitor with dog tags identifying him as colin, being held up by barbwire in a contorted position. the wall behind him reads, dare you. dare you. double dare you. and we see an arrow pointing into colin's mouth. rose sees something sticking out and reaches through the barbed wire to pull out a hotel key the grand hotel, room 111. she runs away from colin and opens the door just in time to be caught by one of the miner's lights. she slams the door shut. as three of them head for the door. rose locks it with her key set just in time for a canary the miners had to start flapping around wildly. the miners look at each other and leave. right after the miners retreat, the same siren from before sounds. rose looks around her as the walls start melting and her surroundings transform back into the nightmare world. colin comes to life and goes after rose. he pulls himself along the walls and creates a horde of giant cockroaches with human faces, which chase rose out the door and down the hallway. the bugs find the miners and attack them. rose tries to escape through a window, but is distracted by alessa and falls down. we see chris with detective gucci, searching the school for rose and sharon, unaware of the nightmare world. rose gets up, and a large man with a pyramid head approaches her. he's barely able to carry the weight of his great knife. rose runs away in terror. we cut back to chris and see that he is walking in the opposite direction of rose. they momentarily pass each other, and chris is able to sense her presence. chris swears to gucci that he can feel her and smell her perfume, though gucci just ignores this and tells chris to put his mask on and keep moving. rose runs to the other side of school, into another wing, and eventually collapses crying by a bank of lockers. the bugs approach her rapidly, but a figure appears and drags her away. eventually, rose ends up in a boiler room, where we see that her abductor is civil they slam the door shot and lock it with a steel pipe through the handles. sybil removes the handcuffs from rose and puts her last flip in her gun, when suddenly, a giant knife cuts through the door, narrowly missing them. pyramid head slashes at them and attempts to remove the pipe locking the door. civil shoots at him, which buys them enough time for things to revert back to normal. rose tells sibyl the only clue she has of her daughter's whereabouts is the hotel key she found. we see chris finding out that there are no records regarding what happened in silent hill, or at the very least the records are kept private and locked up. meanwhile, we see rose and sybil get to the grand hotel. inside they see a woman named anna throwing rubble at dahlia. anna chases dahlia out and begins spouting some religious nonsense to sybil and rose. sybil looks around, while rose asks anna about sharon. anna points out a drawing on the floor of a cross with crosses at the ends, and says it is a symbol of their faith that was created by the elders of their elders. they are interrupted by civil who has found a bunch of keys scattered across the floor and a piece of art she found in the mailbox for room 111 that looks like sharon's other works. rose immediately decides that they need to find room 111 as soon as possible. back with chris, we see that knight has fallen. he is outside the brahms town archives. they lock up and leave the building. he heads over there and breaks in. he heads upstairs, and after searching around a bit, finds the files for silent hill, including a report of a burn victim named alessa gillespie. chris finds a photo of alessa and is shocked to see that alessa looks exactly like sharon. he dials a number on his cell phone and gets an address for alyssa's orphanage. back with rose, we see her sibyl and anna, who they allow to tag along looking for room 111, which apparently doesn't exist. anna points out a picture of the first which burning the town ever had, and rose realizes the whole town was founded by witch hunters. in a flash of inspiration, she picks up a knife she took from the kitchen downstairs and tears the picture apart to find room 111. they go inside and find that the room is little more than a storage closet with a hole in one wall that leads to another hole in the next building and more beyond. while they explore the new building with sybil looking around, rose catches another glimpse of alessa. she gives chase and eventually finds her crying on the other side of a huge pit that leads down into the mines where we see fires burning. she jumps across, balancing on a few support beams and almost falls while trying to make it across. she makes it to alessa, and the girl turns around and says, i'm burning as her arms and then her whole body burst into flames. rose screams and steps back, only to realize that alyssa isn't there. sibil and anna find her and get her back over to them. just as the siren starts up, anna screams, the darkness is coming and runs off, with sybil and rose following close. they wind up at the town church, which is apparently the location of the siren. people approach the church from all directions. rose recognizes the church from one of sharon's paintings. dahlia stands in front, saying, you run not towards sanctuary, but from your fears. join not the others, for they are deceived as they are damned. sybil tries to convince her to come inside, but she grabs sybil and says, no, they are wolves in the skin of sheep. they brought about their own help. they'll take you with them. anna starts throwing stuff at her and screams filth and lies at dahlia, but sybil holds her back. rose tries to talk to dahlia about why they were brought here and what alessa wants, but dalia's only response is evil weights and vengeance. be careful what you choose. just then the darkness comes. things begin melting, and sibyl and rose run inside. as dalia points her index and ring fingers at anna, she turns and we see that pyramid head has appeared behind her. he picks her up and flays her skin off, splattering rose and sybil with her blood. the door finally closes, and people begin attacking rose for being a witch, until sybil fires her last bullet in the air to get the mob to back away. the leader of the church, christabella, comes forth and reassures them that what happened to anna was not the fault of these outsiders. she then gathers the faithful in prayer for sanctuary from the darkness, declaring that those whose names are not written in the book of life shall be thrown in the lake of fire. meanwhile, we see chris inside the toluca county orphanage, trying to get information on sharon's past. he tries to talk with one of the nuns running the place, but she is very resistant to the idea of giving out information, particularly hers. chris starts getting rough, but gucci suddenly arrives. he arrests chris for breaking and entering in the archives, and then has a talk with him about justice, saying that it's a foggy concept, since there's man's justice, gods and even the devils. he shows chris's hands, which appear to have been badly burned by something in the past. gucci then informs chris that he is being taken out of town and back to his home state, and is never to return again. back in silent hill, we see christabel explaining to rose that she will need faith to find her daughter and survive. here rose tells her she just wants to find sharon. christa bella agrees to take her to the home of the demon who is sharing rose tells sybil that she is not required to accompany her, but she insists on coming along. she tells rose that her mother is god in the eyes of a child. a few minors come along for protection, and they head to brookhaven hospital. here, christabella informs rose and sybil that the demon is housed in room b151. rose memorizes the map as much as she can, while two miners break open an elevator leading to the wards. christabella moves to give back rose's locket, which one of the faithful grabbed from her. when she notices the picture of sharon inside, she starts calling rosa witch. and rose runs into the elevator with sybil covering her. sibyl kills a miner trying to get rose out, and tells her to find her daughter, and removes the metal rod holding the elevator. rose screams for her, but it's no use. sybil points her gun at christabella and pulls the trigger on an empty chamber. the remaining miners gang up on her and beat her senseless. christa bella gives the order to the miners, and they proceed to beat her with metal pipes. meanwhile, rose has descended to the bottom and gets out of the elevator. she finds herself in the a ward, meaning she has to go down one more floor. she begins making her way through, but once on the b floor, she finds her way blocked by a bunch of freaky but hot looking nurses bend in various awkward and sexy positions, also holding sharp knives that could slice open an elephant. she shines the light on them, and they all snap to attention and begin twitching and move towards her. she turns the light off, and they go back to rest. she begins to pick her way through, trying to avoid touching sensitive areas. but the nurses eventually wake up and start attacking her. she ducks down and tricks them into thinking it's a battle royale, and they start attacking each other. while they're busy with that, she gets free of the crowd of hot nurses, drops the fleshlight to bait them and runs towards a room. she opens the door end we hear the voice of alyssa saying that she is going to show rose the truth about what happened as a reward for coming all this way. we see alessa being picked on again, and she runs into the bathroom, which is being cleaned by colin. he smiles at her, and a lesson narrates about how desperate for love and acceptance constant hate can make you. it is strongly suggested that colin did something horrible to her. we later see her coming out of the bathroom and being talked to by her mother, who looked much better than and her aunt, principal, christa bella. since the town is so taken with christabella, a town meeting is held and it is decided that the sin shall be cleansed, and that sin is alessa. since her mother does not know, or will not reveal who alessa's father was, against dalia's protests, they tie her up and roast her over a fire. but the fire spreads until it consumes everything. we next see alessa, blackened and crispy, being pulled from the wreckage as dalia weeps. alyssa describes how her hate grew so much and how one day something gave her power to use that hate. in a flashback, we see a young nurse, lisa, doing her rounds. the nurse pokes her head into alessa's room and becomes her first victim. then the demon alessa appears and promises her that they would all fall into her darkest dream they touch hands, and the room transforms into a nightmare version of alessa and her hatred. we see rose open her eyes in room. b151. in front of her is what remains of alessa, who is now about 30 years older. she is being tended to by an alice and blood-covered lisa. lisa moves to sit next to alessa, and then the little girl steps forward. rose asks who she is, and we get a typical eye of many names answer. she says that sharon was the last representation of the goodness in alessa, and that sharon is about to be found by christabella and her minions. rose asks why she is here, and alyssa says that it is so christabella can be confronted with the truth. she also tells her that there were some good people in silent hill who tried to help with what they could. she then hugs rose and proceeds to be absorbed into her body. while doing this, we see sharon hiding in the nathan motel, which rose kept passing throughout the movie. a bunch of minor storm into the room. dahlia tries to ward off the miners and protect sharon, but is unsuccessful, and they take her. meanwhile, we see chris being dropped off at his car in the early morning. gucci says that they will keep trying to find rose and sharon, but chris doesn't believe him and drives off. we then cut to the church in daylight. we see a still alive civil tied to a ladder, while christabella says that sharon enter must be burned. sybil tries to shout some sense into the people, but is unsuccessful. as one might expect, the crowd keeps shouting to burn the witch. they lower the ladder over the fire. sybil is burned to death as the crowd laughs at the cruel site. the crowd then gets set to burn sharon too. when the doors slam open and we see rose standing there. she notices sybil burn to a crisp rose, now covered in blood, wearing all red and with fire in her eyes, begins telling the townsfolk christabella's lies and that everything that happened is their own doing. but christabella orders her burn as well. rose laughs at this solve all solution, and gets right up in christabella's face, but gets stabbed through the heart with a sacred knife of christabella's. she calls rosa blasphemer, while sharon screams. just as a drop of black blood falls from the knife to the floor of the church, things grow dark, and rose begins coughing out more and more black blood from her wound. the blood spreads, and the darkness at last overwhelms the church. old alessa rises out of the hole that was formed and begins running everyone through with barbed wire and killing them spectacularly. while rose heals with a gift of alessis and makes for sharon. she gets there with alessa dispatching anyone who gets in the way, while dalia watches in horror and asks her daughter, what have you become? the young alessa has shown up just in time for christabella to get run through with barbed wire. she is torn apart by the wire from inside, while dark alessa dances in the blood rain. just as rose free sharon. they crawl into the corner and attempt to ignore everything. as dark alessa climbs up the ladder, rose keeps telling sharon to pretend it's a bad dream. just as sharon opens one eye to find alyssa staring her right in the face. the next morning, we see rose and an eerily calm and happy sharon walking out of the church. dalia asks rose why alessa didn't kill her, and rose repeats what sybil told her about a mother's love. mother is god in the eyes of a child. dahlia looks at the two, and sharon looks at her, and it is strongly implied that sharon is now alessa. rose and her daughter head back to the car, and rose calls home. the machine picks up, and christopher hears only static, but we see rose saying that they'll be home soon. rose pulls out and through the fog, passes sybil's motorcycle. they come to where the chasm was, but it fixes itself, and they drive on through the fog. they are still in a fog when they pass brahms gas and arrive home where christopher is sleeping. through the unblocked sunlight, the girls go in, leaving the door open, and sharon goes to play with something. as rose sits on a chair opposite the empty couch where chris is still lying. he rises and lingers around the chair where rose isn't sitting, in his world and then heads for the door. he sees that the door is open and runs forward, hoping to maybe catch a glimpse of rose and sharon. but when he looks outside, he doesn't see rose's jeep. although rose and sharon are in the same room as christopher, they cannot see each other, apparently, because rose and sharon, still surrounded by fog, now exist in the nightmare world as a result of entering silent hill. don't forget to subscribe and turn on the notification bell if you want to watch more videos like this. thanks and see you again soon. [Music]. you 