welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about tangled. long ago, a drop of sunlight fell unto earth and grew a magical flower capable of healing illness, decay and injury. for hundreds of years, the flower is used by Mother Gothel to retain her youth and tell soldiers from a nearby kingdom, Corona, find the flower and use it to heal their ailing Queen. shortly afterwards, the Queen gives birth to Princess Rapunzel. while attempting to recover the flower, Gothel discovers Rapunzel's golden hair contains the flowers healing properties. she tries to steal Rapunzel's hair, but discovers that cutting her hair destroys its power. Gothel abducts the baby and raises Rapunzel as her own daughter in an isolated Tower. once the year, the king and queen released sky lanterns on Rapunzel's birthday, hoping for their daughter to see them and return on the eve of her 18th birthday. Rapunzel, who sees the lanterns each year on her birthday, asks to leave the tower and discover their source. Gothel refuses claiming that the outside world as a dangerous place. meanwhile, a thief named Flynn Rider steals Rapunzel's crown from the palace and inadvertently discovers the tower after ditching his accomplices, the stabbington brothers, while fleeing from the palace guards. as Flynn enters the tower, Rapunzel knocks him out with a frying pan and hides the crown. unaware of its significance, she tries to convince Gothel to let her leave the tower. however, Gothel once again refuses and leaves to get rapunzel paint for her birthday. Rapunzel, deciding to take matters into her own hands, convinces a reluctant Flint to escort her to see the lanterns in exchange for the Crown's return, as a way to prove to Gothel that she can take care of herself in the dangerous outside world. eager to reclaim the crown, Flynn takes Rapunzel to the snuggly duckling, a pub filled with menacing thugs, in an effort to discourage her into returning home. instead, the thugs are charmed by Rapunzel when she encourages them to follow their dreams. meanwhile, Gothel returns to the tower early and discovers Rapunzel missing and Flynn Stachel, in which she decides to go after the to herself. royal soldiers, led by one of the Royal Army's horses, Maximus, arrived in search of Flynn. Rapunzel and Flynn escaped, but are then trapped in a flooding cave. resigned to his fate, Flynn reveals his real name, Eugene Fitzherbert. Rapunzel remembers that her hair glows when she sings, and uses it to provide enough light to find a way out of the cave. Eugene and Rapunzel take refuge in a forest where Gothel, now in league with the stabbington, gives the crown to Rapunzel and suggests using it to test Eugene's faithfulness. in the morning, Maximus finds the pair and tries to arrest Flynn, but Rapunzel arranges the truce in honor of her birthday. the group reaches the kingdom and enjoys the festivities, culminating in an evening cruise. as the lanterns are released there, Rapunzel gives Eugene the crown after fulfilling her dream of seeing the lanterns in person. Rapunzel and Eugene realize they have fallen in love and are about to kiss when Eugene notices the stabbington on the shore. Eugene leaves Rapunzel to give them the crown as an apology, but they knock him out, tie him to a boat and attempt to capture Rapunzel after convincing her that Eugene has left her. Gothel then stages a rescue, betraying and incapacitating the brothers and leaves with Rapunzel. as Eugene and the stabbington are detained at the palace. back at the tower, Rapunzel recognizes the symbol of the kingdom, which she had subconsciously incorporated into her paintings over the years. realizing that she is the long-lost princess, she confronts Gothel. as Eugene is sentenced to hang Maximus, and the duckling thugs help him escape. Maximus then carries him back to Goethals tower. Eugene enters by climbing Rapunzel's hair, only to find Rapunzel chained and gagged. Gothel fatally stabbed Eugene and tries to force Rapunzel to leave with her. but Rapunzel agrees to submit forever willingly, if she is allowed to heal Eugene. Eugene, wanting Rapunzel to be free, instead, slices of her hair, destroying its magic and causing Gothel to age rapidly. she trips and falls out of the window of the tower, turning to dust even before she hits the ground. a heartbroken Rapunzel mourns for Eugene, who dies in her arms. however, her tear, which still contains the flowers power, lands on his cheek and restores his life. the two returned to the kingdom, and Rapunzel reunites with her parents. overjoyed, the kingdom breaks out in celebration and Eugene is pardoned for his crimes. Rapunzel and Eugene eventually marry. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music] 