two priests are shown at the start of the film. they are performing an exorcism ritual on a girl named hannah grace, who is only 15 years old. actually, a dangerous and strong demon has possessed that girl, but that demon is not freeing her in spite of performing many exorcisms on her. she kills a priest during exorcism while lifting him in the air and throwing him on a statue. and when she lifts another priest in the air to kill him, hannah's father sees that there is no chance of his daughter's survival, so he kills hannah by placing a cushion on her face to save the priest. just then, a fly sits on henna's dead body, and her hand moves, but after that, she looks dead. now after this, we are shown a scene after three months, where we see a girl named megan, who is the lead character of this movie. megan had been an ex-police officer. when she was a police officer, a criminal kills her partner in front of her eyes. she could not defend him. and because of this, she went into depression. and she began to take pills and alcoholic drinks. from that time, that's why she had to leave her police job. and her relationship with one of his police officer friends, andrew, also gets spoiled. now over time, she stops taking pills and drinks while taking therapy and with her friend's help. but megan was still habitual to take the pills and depression sometimes, but she was controlling herself in some way. in the next scene, megan visits a hospital where she also has a friendly set who works there as a nurse. and she has also found a job for megan in the same hospital. their megan learns that her job is in a morgue. that tonight's shift, megan have to take photographs of dead bodies and scan their fingerprints. now, megan had been a police officer, and she is mentally strong, so she accepts that job. on the very first day, megan comes for her shift, and she performs her job perfectly without any issue. then megan is befriended security guard there, who is very jolly. and so megan's first night duty is passed pleasantly. the next day, another security guard arrives with the dead body of hannah grace. he tells her that i had found this dead body on an abandoned road where a man was trying to burn this dead body after dismembering it. later, megan takes hannah's dead body inside the morgue, and she begins to take her photograph and scanning her fingerprint. but suddenly, megan's computer breaks down, and she can't retrieve the dead about hannah's dead body. now megan starts sealing hannah's body and keeping it inside the chamber. but whenever she tries to keep it inside, something starts moving, where the test tubes kept her fall down. now she starts lifting the test tube, but in the meantime, her hand is cut. and then she bandages her hand. now megan somehow puts and his body in the chamber. but while closing the chamber, a drop of megan's blood falls on anna's body. now, when megan starts bandaging her hand again, the chamber door opens automatically. megan finds something wrong here. hannah's dead body does not seem right to her. so she searches about and on her computer, where she learns that hannah was just 15 years old, and her eyes were brown and colorful. when she checks anna's body, her eyes are blue. while she is still checking. suddenly, an unknown person enters the morgue and tries to steal hannah's dead body by intimidating megan. but megan manages to call security guards there, and the security guards catch the man. but before leaving, the man was telling megan the same thing over and over again, that she is not dead. now megan goes to close hannah's chamber again, but this time she notices hannah's body position change. now, seeing this, megan gets very scared. but lisa comes hurt on, saying that maybe you have a depression again, and it is your first experience in morgue, so maybe that's why this is happening to you. the next day, andrew comes to meet her because he had known about the incident faced by megan. then the security guard, who is megan's friend, guards the morgue on her, saying now he was alone there is megan and her friend leave from there. then hannah's dead body wakes up. now that security guard gets very scared seeing this. then hannah drags him inside the chamber and kills him. when megan comes back after meeting her friend, she observes that the security guard is not there. then megan begins to check hannah's dead body, and she observes that hannah's body parts are restoring themselves, and it is impossible. after this, she immediately checks the cctv recording where she sees hannah's dead body moving from here to there. now, seeing this, megan gets very scared. and she goes and tells everything to lisa. but lisa doesn't believe her words, this time too, and she leaves from there. now, as lisa is going up the stairs, drops of blood start falling on her hand, and she glimpses someone on the stairs. she goes to check him, considering a security guard. but going upstairs, she sees the dead body of the guard. and there she also sees hannah. seeing which, she gets scared and runs to the roof. hannah chases her there and lifts her in the air, crushes her bones and kills her brutally. now, when megan is doing her duty, the guard comes there with another dead body. and when he asks megan about hannah's body, she reveals the whole story to him. now, hearing all this, the guard leaves comforting her. megan gets a call from andrew because megan had asked him to check the fingerprints of hannah. he tells her that hannah grace's death occurred three months ago. she is surprised to hear that, if hannah had died three months ago, then how is her body surviving outside without rotting? and when megan is on call, hannah crawls behind her into the elevator. now hannah is moving down by elevator. and when megan disconnects the call, she has no idea what's going on there. on the other side, the security guard is going in the ambulance when someone is crushed under his ambulance. and when he goes out to check, and it comes from behind him, hannah kills him by trapping him in the middle of two ambulances. on the other hand, megan sees hannah going in the elevator on the cctv. and she now knows that hannah is down now. and what is she going to do? when megan goes down to rescue the guard, she finds that security guard dead there. megan is observing him there. when she gets andrew's call again, he tells her that the unknown person who had entered the morgue has escaped from the custody of the police. now, before megan can say anything, the man comes there and points a gun at megan. that man was none other than hannah's father, who wanted to burn hannah's dead body to protect it from everyone here. hannah's father tells megan everything, while crying, that the demon which has possessed hannah's body is not leaving her in spite of her death. he explains that after hannah's death, he tried his best to destroy her body, but every time, the demon used to kill someone or the other. he also tells that hannah is restoring her body after killing others, and then she goes to sleep for some time. at this time, megan believes him, and then they both together decide to burn hannah's body. now when they both take her to burn her, hannah gets up and attacks megan. hannah's father interferes to rescue megan, but she throws her father into the fire. and when megan is running to save herself, she loses her balance and falls down. then hannah comes and sits beside her. on the other hand, andrew also comes there because megan was not picking up the call for a long time. andrew finds megan's phone lying down there on the floor, as well as the guard's body. after this, he goes to moored from there. and after going there, he calls megan. hearing his voice, hannah locks megan into a chamber. megan gets very scared. outside, andrew finds his security guard looking for his friend. and while those people are still talking, megan suddenly falls out of the chamber. and when they both go to her, she asks them to leave quickly from there. now, when those people are running away from there, henna comes there. they move to the elevator to escape. but hannah catches guard among them, and she kills him. then andrew points her gun to kill her, but hannah lifts him up with her demonic power. seeing it, megan is panicked, but she encourages herself, and she takes andrew's gun and starts walking towards hannah, shooting her. now hannah gets injured and falls down, and andrew is saved. then she asks andrew to leave from there. and and she herself takes hannah's body to burn. and when she starts burning hannah, hannah drags her into but megan burns her by pushing her all the way in. now the police come there and rescue megan. next we see megan who has given up drugs and alcohol completely, and she has perfectly healed. now a fly comes and sits on megan's hand, and it is the same fly that sat on hannah's hand too. but megan kills it by saying, i have turned stronger now, so no one can harm me at all. the movie ends here. thanks for watching. please don't forget to like, comment and subscribe. 