hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2003 film X to the second x-men film. there are several x-men films, some taking place before in some taking place after the events of this film, but I will release the summaries in order that they were released to theaters. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, check out the link below. the film opens at the White House with a brainwashed, teleporting mutant named Nightcrawler trying to assassinate the president. Nightcrawler fails and escapes, leaving a note saying, mutant, freedom. now, Nightcrawler is then tracked down and captured by storm and Jean Grey. Xavier and Cyclops go to visit magneto in his plastic prison to ask him about his involvement in the assassination attempt. Xavier finds out that a government operative named William Stryker has been extracting information from magneto using an injectable drug. Stryker and his assistant captures Cyclops and Xavier and raid Xavier school Wolverine, Colossus, rogue, Iceman, pyro and most of the students are able to escape through hidden tunnels. wolverine confronts Stryker as he knows that Stryker is involved in Wolverines complex past. Iceman helps Wolverine escape. and strikers men are able to make their way into Xavier zhh mutant tracking machine, cerebro, and steal some of the technology using her shape-shifting abilities. mystique is able to find Magneto's prison and helps him escape. the x-men that escaped hideout at ice man's parents house, but the police are contacted, and soon the military arrives. as they are flying away, they are attacked by fighter jets, but magneto prevents their plane from crashing. the x-men team up with Magneto and mystique to take down Stryker. magneto reveals then that the attack on the president at the beginning of the film was a false flag attack, orchestrated by Stryker to justify raiding and go save your school in order to steal the parts from cerebro to build a second one at strikers secret base. at the base, it has revealed that even though striker seems to hate mutants, he in fact, has a mutant son with the ability to create hallucinations and trick people into doing his bidding. striker has his son control Xavier to begin to use the second cerebro to find and try to kill all of the mutants. the x-men arrive and begin to search for the captured students. they are attacked by a brainwash Cyclops while trying to rescue Xavier, which damages the generators at the dam causing it to begin to break apart. eventually, Jean Grey is able to awaken Cyclops from his brainwashed state. Wolverine fine striker, where he starts to remember some of his past, remembering that he was injected by Stryker with his metal skeleton, and it was only through his healing abilities that he was able to survive the incredibly painful process. this whole backstory is discussed much further in the Wolverine film, which I will be doing a spoiler for. at some point, Wolverine battles strikers assistant, who has similar metal claws and healing abilities, but Wolverine is able to defeat and kill her. Stryker tries to bargain with Wolverine, offering to tell Wolverine his pass. the Wolverine refuses, and buying Stryker in Chains, the x-men locate the captured students, and Magneto is able to stop strikers son from killing all the mutants. mystique then disguises herself as Stryker, convincing Stryker son to control Xavier to kill all the humans instead of the mutants. and mystique, magneto and pyro escape. Nightcrawler and storm are able, however, to stop Stryker son and free Xavier, preventing the humans from being killed. the x-men board their ex jet as the dam burst, killing Stryker. however, the x-jet malfunctions, preventing it from taking off. Jean Grey sacrifices herself using a telekinetic wall to shield the axe jet from the flood. she is able to activate the X Jets engines as the water overtakes her, presumably killing her. the x-men give the president strikers files, and Xavier warns the president that humans and mutants must work together to build peace. as the film ends, a Phoenix like symbol appears in the lake that flooded, implying Jean survived and leaving hints the next film. so that was the spoilers 4x2. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 