two adulterers intertwined. gradually, the two were more and more frantic. this is a family movie. they looks very happy, but the wife is still cheating. let's find out the reason. connie and edward were a middle-aged couple. they had been married for 11 years and lived in suburb of new york. they had a son named charlie. their family looked very happy and fulfilled. one day, there was a windstorm outside. connie went into the city center alone. she wanted to choose a gift for her son, charlie, but the strong wind made it very difficult for her to walk. at this moment, there was a guy going in the opposite direction. connie couldn't see the road, so she bumped into him. the boy did not scold connie, but also took care of the wound in her leg. he invited her to his house to bandage the wound on her leg. this guy was paul. was the owner of a bookstore. although coney was 10 years older than paul, he didn't care. when connie was about to leave, he told her to open a book. life is short, so let's play if you can. paul seemed to be implying something. connie took the book with her, then quickly left. after she got home, she talked about this story to her husband. edward did not think this was true. even he didn't care the wound on his wife's leg. he just asked if the boy was handsome. connie just smiled. not know if she smiled at her husband's words or because of paul. after she got married, she became the owner of the house. every day she met something interesting. one day, she read paul's book, suddenly, paul's business card fell out of the book. she watched for a moment, then she called him on the public phone, but the phone was still not connected. she regretted standing in front of the phone booth. connie didn't know how to do. finally, she picked up the phone. soon after, the sound of paul arrived. connie thanked him and urgently thought about something to talk paul smiled and replied, if you wanted to thank me, let's come to see me. connie hesitated for a moment, then agreed. she went to paul's house. paul helped her take off her coat. his hand lightly touched the back of her neck. a sense of difference transmitted. connie's heartbeat non-stop. paul offered connie a cup of coffee and took her hand. the feeling of warmth in her hand made middle-aged connie don't know what to do. after she got home, she always remembered the feelings when she was with paul. the next day, connie went to find paul again. the two danced together. paul followed the rhythm and wanted to kiss her. connie hesitated to leave, but she used the excuse of forgetting her jacket to return. paul immediately embraced her, then led her into the bedroom. on the way home, connie was crying and laughing. she cried because she felt ashamed inside, but laughed because of the happiness when she met paul. edward gradually realized connie's change. he asked her a question, do you love me? connie was surprised. she hastily showed her love for her husband. connie still has been in contact with paul regularly because she did not want edward to find out. she continued to play the role of a gentle wife and a good mother. one day, she and paul went out to eat. accidentally, edward staff discovered the relationship between them. since he didn't want to get into trouble. she experienced a feeling of regret. she hoped no one do that. connie knew adultery could destroy a whole family. but paul's passionate love made her have no way to give up. edward was a man of principles. employees made mistakes. he immediately fired the employee was not committed immediately objected. he even told me loyalty. but he could not control his wife. edward was speechless. he thought something serious happened. so he asked the detective to investigate his wife. then he pretended to have a business trip. connie and paul arranged to hang out everywhere. all of these scenes were taken, photos and sent to edward by the detective. that was the day connie felt happiest. but she forgot to pick up her son at school. it was already dark when she came to school. in a moment, she felt ashamed, and she decided to part with paul. unexpectedly, she found out that paul had someone else. he explained that it was just a friend. connie did not want to believe, but finally obeyed his sweet words. edward had seen the pictures. he mused. he was very disappointed for wanting to know who his wife loves. he went to paul's house. after cheering himself on, he decided to knock on paul's door. edward entered paul's house. he told him everything. edward didn't get angry or scolded. he went around paul's house. when he looked at the messy bed, he spotted a crystal ball on the cupboard. it was a gift he gave connie. but appeared in paul's house. edward felt down and angry. while not restrained, he hit paul in the head with the ball several times. after calming down, edward panicked. at that moment, connie's voice message called. she decided to leave paul go back to her family. after listening, edward proceeded to clean the scene, bringing paul's corpse to the dump. life was back as before. they worked together nurture the family. but no long after, the police came their home. it turned out paul was married. after he went missing, the wife reported to the police. in paul's house, they found out that connie was in contact. so the police came to find her. connie said she was just a guest buying books not related to paul. it was only when she found the pictures in edward's pocket that she learned of paul's existence. her husband's forgiveness made her even more ashamed. connie turned back to wholeheartedly take care of her family. one day she suddenly found a crystal ball at home. this proved that edward went to paul's house and may be related to paul's disappearance. connie began to suspect that evening, the couple said everything to each other, edward expressed disappointment at his wife for the first time. connie couldn't say a word. the next day, she discovered an image in a glass sphere. there was also a piece of paper to my beautiful wife, the best part of every day. she understood that edward loved her very much. so she decided to burn all the photos in the past. the movie here is the end. if you were the main actress, would you be able to resist the charm out of married life? 