[Music], three, two, one, oh my god. is it possible? it's like something came out of it. [Applause], what is this? seismic? enormously. this is a pattern. all right, let's make this quick. [Music], i'm waiting for you. i'm at the checkpoint, but you have to run as fast as you can. thank you. [Music], joe's been arrested in japan. so why was he trespassing in the quarantine zone? what do you think? one crusader for the truth. my job isn't dropping bombs. it's stopping them. this wasn't just a reactor meltdown. i don't want to hear this, but you can't keep running away and son, you can't bury this in the past. are they rebuilding the plan? i don't know. two men were just arrested in the queue zone. that is not a transformer malfunction. that is an electromagnetic pulse. god. now i'm told your organization has situational awareness of our unidentified creature. is there any other personnel you need? okay, keep them safe, whatever it is. hey, stay with me. my condolences. yeah, deeply sorry for your lossless 1954, the first time a nuclear submarine ever reached the lower depths. it awakened something. no tests they were trying to kill it. an ancient alpha predator, millions of years older than mankind. parasitic spores, one dormant, but the other hatch. it was absorbing radiation from the reactors. he said he was studying something echolocation. nature has an odor, a power to restore balance. i believe he is the power. i'm headed to hawaii. i'll catch you fly from there. i'll see you soon. my tracks predict the muto continuing due east. all our models have the targets converging on the pacific coast. was calling something else. there was another spool intact, found in the philippine mine, a female they're seeking radiation to reproduce it. up this train and these weapons are headed to san francisco. we rig a nuclear warhead with a shielded timer, put it on a boat and send it 20 miles out. the radiation lures the mutos, and the mutos lure godzilla, and we detonate. when was the last time you let one of you guys put their fingers in a live bomb? look, this is what i do. this is my job. daddy's gonna be here soon, and i'm gonna just come get you right after three, two, one, the male delivered the warhead to the center of downtown. that puts a hundred thousand civilians in the blast ratings. that device, myself is the only eod. then what's plan? b, get the bomb to the pier, onto a boat as far away from the city as possible before it detonates. it's down there. [Music], we need time to get this open. we don't have time. let's hold it out of here. we got to get it on a boat. [Music], she's coming from [Music], uh. [Music], uh. [Music] you 