you mentioned the bible. you've been talking about how it's your favorite book. and you said, i think last night in iowa, some people are surprised that you say that, i'm wondering what most favored bible, uh verses are. i wouldn't want to get into it, because to me, that's very personal. you know, when i talk about the bible, it's very personal. so i don't want to get into girls. hey, i'm just kidding, america. you know, i love you. now, the fourth and fifth episode of race by wolves have just dropped on hbo max. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking them down. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check them out yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns on the full season. and please drop a thumbs up, as you know, it helps us out massively. now, without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into raised by wolves. okay, so firstly, just a quick correction from last week's video. in it i stated that the necromancers were created by the atheists. however, as many of you correctly pointed out it was actually the methodic that created them. and the machines were actually reprogrammed by one of the characters that we meet in the episode. and there's actually a lot of religious imagery that hints to this, such as the pose that mother pulls when going into attack mode that's very similar to a crucifixion one. there's also, of course, the adam and eve of mother and father, and the arc which the humans traveled on, which shares similarities with noah's. on the whole, the show is laced with this iconography. so yeah, sorry for being a doo doo head. now, episode 4 picks up with mother searching for paul after becoming lost in the woods. last time, he stumbled across what appeared to be tally and then fell into one of the many pits on the planet. and the character almost falls to his death before he's rescued by mother. i actually think that paul is the person that the pentagonal prophecy is centered around, and that was simply being duped into believing that it's champion, because that's the most obvious choice. as we said in our first breakdown, the phrase raised by wolves comes from the story of romulus and remus, which was about two brothers that founded rome if we're correct, then both paul and campion will be metaphors for this myth, with them founding a new civilization on the planet. however, if we're also right, then that means that one has to kill the other. and personally, i can see it being champion that does this. again, these are all just theories, but it does sound like an older version of the character doing the voice over at the start of episode 1, so it could be teasing that he makes it through. now, the myth right themselves, get a lot of attention these episodes, and i think we definitely need to talk about them. the mithraic were actually a real world religion that existed back in roman times. and once more, this ties back into the romulus and remus metaphor, similar to what we see in the show. they worshipped a god known as sol. and sul, of course, translates to sun, a symbol which can be seen emblazoned on their uniform. marcus steps up as their leader throughout these episodes, and we'll likely deal with the aesthetic of an atheist actually being a leader of the methodic on the other side, we'll have champion who's actually open to being religious, and he will become the leader of the atheists. so we will have this dichotomy of an atheist leading the matriarch, and vice versa. now the planet is clearly being teased as having intelligent life on it. and early on in episode four, the mithraic discover a structure that has been designed. this looks extremely similar to a pentagon. and again, it could be playing into the prophecy. as we said last time, kepler-22b is a planet that can actually support human life, and thus it could already have people living on it. we'll get into that later, though. and elsewhere, mother returns paul and tells the children to keep their eyes closed as she's weaponized again. there's a strange thing going on here, where being blind to the necromancers might actually be the key to remaining immune to their scream attacks. who knows, the mithraic might even end up doing the bird box challenge to beat mother. but it could also mean absolutely nothing. we discover that mother can also put people to sleep by speaking to them. and it does seem that all of her power descends from a voice. so i'm still a bit confused over the whole eye thing. if she wanted to put them to sleep, maybe she should have just put on episode two. am i right? no. now, this, this show is pretty good as a day anyway, clearly there's descent in the camp, and paul is slowly being won round to the androids after they saved his life. there's a lot of religious back and forth, with hunter stating that mother only arrived because they prayed to seoul. and it's very much divine intervention versus coincidence. mother bonds with tempest in a room. and this girl very much holds the key to the future of the planet, as she's the only person pregnant on kepler that we know about. she's gonna be instrumental in the survival of the human race. and i think mother is getting close to her because she secretly wants her on her side when things go down. they have a lot of boy talk, and it's another shining example of how mother can express human emotion such as compassion and love. however, if she has these, it also means that she possesses the worst of humanity, such as hate and fear. and i think over time, she'll be revealed as the true villain of the piece. now, she fishes out the tracking device from tempest and the rest of the children before she dumps it down a canyon. she is, of course, aware that the methoric are on the planet, and is clearly sending them on a wild goose chase. at the camp. sue pleads with the elders to go after the kids, but they refuse. i think it shows how short-sighted they are, as if they have no children, then the species cannot thrive on the planet. and it's a very selfish view of how to handle the situation. they would rather crack the stone structure. and marcus slowly begins to realize more and more just how useless they are. sue doesn't know one of the founding lullabies of the religion, and this gives away that she's an imposter to their leader, ambrose. it seems like the ai member of the group hijacks marcus's motor functions to make people believe that he may have been compromised by the necromancer. however, we learn that it's ambrose who's actually behind it. he wants to take marcus out after learning the truth, and knows that sue is valuable because of her medical skills. marcus enacts a plan to oust him, and he comes to a fiery end that saves the camp and, of course, allows marcus to step into his place. elsewhere, we joined father and champion, who are searching for a new food source after the pips and the cabos were discovered to be radioactive. they have a real father and son moment here, but ultimately fail, and only come across food which has cyanide in it. this is, of course, a lethal poison, and it may be possible that it's actually used as a weapon by the group when fighting the mithraic. he and mother come to blows over whether to treat tempest organically or not, and it's clear they're not on the same page. with father's ego being crushed after he realizes that mother is far more useful than he is. in the end, he comes to the conclusion that though he's not as physically adept as she is, he can teach campion in other ways. he attempts to get the children to kill the beast, but they all come up with excuses and ultimately start the process, but leave the animal to suffer longer throughout the episode, mother ventures to some of the orc wreckage, and using one of the stasis chambers, she enters the simulation where she finds a preacher. i might be wrong, but i think this is the character that impregnated tempest. and we will be talking about him more in the breakdown. now, mother goes off into a fantasy pulled from her memories, and she sees from a third person perspective how cruel she used to be to a surrogate son. however, she also sees the other side of herself, and we realize just how complicated of a machine that she is. i think the show will ask whether artificial intelligence will one day be capable of love. and it's interesting seeing her develop as a character. tally revisits father one night and draws him away from the camp. and tempest, using the scalpel that mother created to pull out a tracker, goes and kills the creature. she finds out that the beast was pregnant. and this, of course, mirrors our own journey. the mithraic view, killing is something in pure unless one is given permission. and this will, of course, cause a lot of issues for the character's psyche. at the start of episode 5, we join a hooded figure who fishes out the tracking device, and with them, they move across the planet. marcus also begins to hear voices, and who knows, the faith might actually be getting to him. with the rest of his forces, they find a device that can help to combat mother, and also the member of the craft that raped several of the women in hibernation on the ark. he's had a helmet placed on his head that can crush his skull. and this has been paired with an android. they plan to use him against mother. and the pieces are slowly falling into place for their counter-attack. slowly, the mithraic begin to prop marcus up as their leader, even giving him ensue extra rations. and they very much slot into their new identity. father takes the children out hunting, and paul and campion discover one of the planet's inhabitants in one of the pits. through it, they discover fungus that they can eat. and paul and campion really begin to build their brotherhood here, and it's going to be interesting to see how their partnership develops. father realizes that he's actually controlled by mother, who pretty much rules over him and makes him feel even more inadequate due to his parenting. she goes searching for more creatures and comes across another vision of tally, who may or may not be real. after reconnecting with the pod again, we see the war on earth from her perspective, and also finally meet campion. this is the scientist that reprogrammed her and entrusted her with the embryos. now in the first set of episodes, we learned that no one on the side of the atheists was able to reformat the necromancers, so this must have been someone that did a benedict arnold. we learned that campion was born into an affluent family and then switched sides, capturing mother, before forcing her to change in order to become the species greatest protector instead of its greatest weapon. campion brought her a synthetic baby, which he killed due to believing that it was an atheist. however, over time, he does completely change her. we see the moment that champion erases her memory, and he sends her out to kepler 22b in order to take care of the embryos, which, of course, kickstarted the show. campion had to remain on earth because he'd be unable to survive the trip, and he erased her memories. but it becomes clear that he did love her. the relationship, i felt, was definitely the high point of the season so far. and seeing mother rediscover this, it's kind of heartbreaking. now mother is forced to wake up upon learning a child that the settlement is in danger, and she arrives to find tempest at death's door. she states she's sick of being viewed as a walking incubator, and their relationship begins to strain, even though mother genuinely cares for her. elsewhere, the mithraic tracked the tracking devices to the skeleton of a large snake-like creature. the entire location is booby-trapped, and the mysterious figure returns to take these though they have more questions than answers, they do find a map of the area and the strangest possessions. and he's marked out an entire settlement that the androids and their children are at. now, who exactly is this? well, due to the lack of characters that we've seen so far, i think that it could be champion. campion may have traveled out to the planet shortly after mother and father, and he could have watched them from afar as they raised the children. he could be waiting in the shadows to come out should something go wrong. but again, this theory is based purely on what we know about the show so far, which is very little. it could be an alien, and there are comments that it doesn't move like a human, but at this point, who knows? now, whatever it is, it's dress very similar to tally. and it is likely that this is the thing that's been looking after her. it would be difficult for a child to survive on this planet without assistance. and thus i think that the dress swear is very similar to show that it has been her guardian. marcus confronts the criminal and questions why he did what he did. in the name of seoul. he realizes that he's a scumbag using religion as a guide to cover his crime. and he says that saul has stopped talking to him. and it is possible that the voice marcus has started hearing is the voice of the deity, or something masquerading. is it? this voice could tell marcus to do something that too may be a crime. i think he's slowly starting to slip to the other side, which will be what he wrestles with. over the next couple of entries, he begins to hallucinate that he must kill his wife and starts to see himself in the same helmet as the criminal. something on the planet is clearly affecting him, and he finds paul's footprints. before the group finally discover the camp, they watch over it, and marcus smiles as the episode cuts to black. so what's gonna happen next? well, i think the campaign to get the children back will be a slow one, and that the group will likely wait until nightfall before they make their move. the children no longer have the tracking devices in them, so it could be impossible for mother to find them. however, if the matheraic are smart, they might also wait until mother is at a most vulnerable before they attack. and the group could stalk her for a while until they see an opening. as we know, when she goes into the simulated reality, she's almost in a sleep-like state. and i think that this would be the perfect time for them to attack. again. these are all theories, but i think they're gonna have a plan rather than just going in organs blazing. anyway, that's all the episodes. and i know that much didn't happen, but i am really enjoying the show. and, you know, it's very intriguing. it has a slow pace to it, but there's a lot of atmosphere here, and the characters are all slowly being developed. with, you know what, father, he's probably becoming my favorite. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts and theories, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of the first three episodes, which will be linked at the end. we're also giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection. and all you have to do to bear with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of september, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprise. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat this under discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. definition and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 