a cam girl streaming profile gets hacked by her doppelganger. today we'll go through an american psychological horror from 2018 called cam this is just my opinion on the movie and not a substitute for watching it. links to the film are in the description below. alice ackerman is a cab girl who broadcasts live streams on a website named free girls live. for those who don't know, a cam girl is someone who makes money on the internet by broadcasting sexual videos. a solid business strategy, if you ask me. our protagonist, alice, live streams under the name lola lola. she has a whole studio set up in her home where she broadcasts from. miss lola is overly obsessed with ranks and numberings on the site. she wants to be the number one cam girl of all time, which is currently held by a girl named baby girl. she's been able to gather a lot of true fans, aka creepy middle-aged men through her live broadcast. let's just say she's making bank off her job and is loving it too. during one of such live streams, an anonymous user demands he wants to see blood, which is normal, because we're on the internet. where people ask people to drink bleach every day. so alice ignores it. she blocks the anonymous user and moves on. but soon another user makes a similar request. her comment section is spammed with the comments. now we know people on the internet are crazy af but alice is even crazier. she seriously accepts their requests and slits her throat. everyone's shocked. so her rank and viewer count start to skyrocket. why will that matter when she's dead? then suddenly, she reveals that the suicide was staged and the blood was just makeup. it was just a publicity stunt to increase her rank, and it worked good for her. after the stream, she gets a call from one of her fans, and the anonymous user from earlier who helped her stage the prank. the man's real name is arnold, but since you can be whoever you want on the internet, he is tinkerboy. alice gets a call from another one of her fans. did i mention she's famous? this one is named barney. she quickly ends the call with tinkerboy and talks to barney. barney looks like a typical internet creep, and tips alice really well. so she gets into a bathtub while video chatting with him. alice's mother has no clue what she actually does for work, and thinks she works in web development of some sort. but alice's younger brother, jordan, knows his sister's job and has promised to keep it a secret. alice doesn't like mixing her internet work with her real life, but it gets mismatched when she sees tinkerboy at a grocery store one day. they both instantly recognize each other, but do not talk. one day, alice is talking to a fellow cam girl named fox. she suggests they do a control show at the cam girl clubhouse. a control show is when someone uses a remote control sex toy on another person, and the viewers on the internet pay them excessively. fox, being a little more conservative than the other cam girls, denies the offer. later, alice calls barney to meet her to location and ignores tinker boy's call. poor guy. during her next show, she finally ranks in the top 50. that's like graduating in the cam girl world. she starts celebrating and thanks her followers. however, her rank quickly drops. it turns out the cam girls have a rivalry. one of them named princess x, who had a strict no nude policy, has promised to get naked on camera if lola's rank drops below 60. princess x celebrates when lola's rank drops to 59. washed by disappointment, she ends the live stream. tinker boy, being the biggest sim calls her to tell her how much he hates princess x. but simboy has called her on her personal number, rather than a chat room call, which angers alice. she had given it to him in case of an emergency. when asked about the awkward grocery store incident, arnold reveals that he received a job in alice's state. i bet he did that on purpose. the man is obsessed with her. she hangs up abruptly and calls fox, demanding that they do the control show. alice, or rather lola, is now at the cam girl clubhouse. she runs into princess x and another cam girl, who mock her. then the control show happens, and lola's numbers skyrockets again. she reaches number 47 and is over the moon. the next morning, when she tries logging into her streaming account, she sees that her login credentials have been changed. she logs into free girls live from another account and sees that her account is still online and streaming. the girl is shocked, to say the least. the girl who is streaming from her profile is a doppelganger and is in her studio. her face, mannerism, everything is identical to alice's. she is basically alice. alice walks into her studio, but sees no one, so who the hell is streaming? she contacts the site's customer service, believing that they are replaying old shows, but they say that it's impossible. free girls live customer support claims that they can't do much since the account is live and the performer matches the identification they have on file. the girl has no way to get her account back from herself. she tries commenting on the stream to tell the followers she is the real lola, but instead gets banned. later, she meets lucky duck and fox at the clubhouse to show them what is happening. but the girls are just as confused. they watch a live stream where people pay fake lola thousands of dollars to write their names on her body. alice thinks princess x is behind the hacking. but her doubt fades when she arrives at the clubhouse while the live stream is still going on. the following day, alice is at her mother's salon when suddenly our tinker boy, arnold, arrives with a bouquet. talk about being a stalker. he even requests to meet her mother as if he's alice's longtime boyfriend. alice quickly dismisses him and sends him home. that night, alice joins the fake lola's live stream to see her live streaming from a public library and exposing herself. alice had a no public show rule, which fake lola has now broken. at jordan's birthday party, his teenage friends watch lola's live stream. suddenly, jordan starts attempting to wrestle the phone from his friend alex's grit. the phone drops, and alice's mother picks it up. oh damn. she sees the stream of her daughter touching herself in a library. at the same time, alex yells that alice does porn. alice tries to apologize to her mother, but she doesn't respond. instead, she ignores her completely and prepares the cake while singing happy birthday to jordan. awkward. at night, the fake lola hosts an 80s workout show themed stream. because of her venture into the public library, her rank has increased to 31. and angered, alice pays for lolita to spank herself until she bruises. then the fake lola starts teasing the audience by pulling out different toys from a box. suddenly she takes out a gun. she asks the audience to give her a hundred thousand tokens to use it, and they do. she then shoots herself, splattering blood all around. alice freaks out and starts shaking at the site. but surprise, surprise, it was a publicity stunt. the fake lola reaches the top 20 in rank. alice has had too much of the fake her so she calls the police. two officers come to her house, but when they see the livestream of a naked, fake lola, they turn as creepy as the creepy dudes from the internet. they ask her to stay off the internet as a solution and leave the fraud lola then announces a live show with baby girl coming up soon. baby girl is the number one cam girl on the site. alice joins baby's live stream in the hopes of communicating with her. she grows suspicious when baby mentions wanting to burn her house down so a fireman would take pity on her, and needing to get [ __ ] both word-for-word phrases that the fake lola had said in her live streams. she calls fox, trying to find out baby girl's real name, but fox dismisses her. the next day, alice meets up with creepy old barney for her date. barney also used to video chat with baby girl and know some stuff about her. alice manages to find out that baby girl is from ola, georgia, and that she was prom queen in high school. she then excuses herself to go to the bathroom. the fake lola starts streaming, and barney figures the lola he is with is fake. he starts threatening her, but she manages to escape. note to self, don't meet creepy strangers from the internet at night. fake lola and baby girls stream together. alice finds baby girl's real facebook profile and sees she has been dead for six months. she looks back at the screen, and baby girl is right there with fake lola. this could mean one of two things, either that's baby girl's ghost, or fake lolis playing with fake baby girl. the fake cam girls then go into fake lola's room, which is identical to alice's room. she shows pictures of jordan on the live stream and reveals his name too. alice never wanted to bring her brother into this. frustrated, she breaks her laptop. then we see alice with her mother, who tells her that she watched some of the live streams and that she enjoys alice's confidence when she acts as lola. she loves seeing a changed alice, in contrast to her usual, shy self. jordan is furious at alice, and rightfully so. the boy must be being bullied into the ground after her last stream. later, alice looks for every cam girl that has collabed with baby girl in the past six months. there are a few of them, and all of them have tinkerboy as their best friend. the man's whole life outside work is interacting with cam girls. alice goes to find tinkerboy in the motel he was staying at. she asks for his help to figure out how the duplicate is doing the things she does. he offers to help and asks her to stay the night. alice desperately needs his help, so she agrees. i wouldn't have done that after the last time. she wakes up in the middle of the night and finds tinkerboy in the bathroom jerking off to fake lola's stream. she tases him in frustration and asks him what he knows about the duplicates. since tinker's whole life revolves around cam girls, he has also noticed a weird shift in every girl's behavior when they reach the top 20 or flourish in the site rapidly. he knows that some kind of bot that had been analyzing the girl's live stream takes over their profile as them. however, he doesn't know how it works or how they can stop it. the fake lola then video calls tinker. alice stands in front of the camera, and to her surprise, fake lolit doesn't recognize that they are identical. alice deduces that the replicating entity is unaware of its own existence. she runs back to her house, freaked out by the fake bot. alice has finally found a way to expose the fake lola. she sets up her mirrors in a position that creates an illusion showing multiples of her she pays to join a private cam session with the fake lola and tells her to sit in her vanity. she then asks her to start a live stream so people can see how good they look together. alice challenges lola to a game where they need to imitate each other. whoever the viewers think does the best job wins, and the winner has to dare the other one to do something. lola wins the first round and asks alice to strip. in the next round, alice smashes her head on the table, making her nose bleed. fake lola hesitates, but smashes her nose anyway. alice wins this round and asks for the password to fake lola's account. lola hesitates at first, but obliges once her audience asks her to anything for the fans. fake lola finally sends alice her password in a private message. alice, who just sacrificed her nose to get the account back, deletes it. after logging in, the account's gone. fake lola is gone. alice is now free. sometime later, we see alice's mother doing her makeup. alice is starting a new account. her mother fully supports her, profession, as we all should. alice has obtained a fake id with the name emily ramsey. she makes a new account with the username evebot. finally, eve starts her first stream. so that's how the movie cam goes. hope you liked the video. don't forget to leave a like and comment. i'll see you next time. 