welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. see yesterday has just dropped on Netflix, and the new time-travel film has a hell of a lot to impart from it. the movie is being touted as Back to the Future meets the hey you give. and throughout there's a lot of symbolism and metaphor that really elevates the film above your typical time trouble affair. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie, as well as what I took from its ending. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen see yesterday yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give the huge thank you for click in this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of see you yesterday. the film follows best friends, CJ and Sebastian, who are working on a machine that has the ability to send it to back into the past. whilst the movie initially has a rather playful tone to it. things quickly change for the pair when CJ's brother, Calvin, is tragically killed by a policeman after a case of mistaken identity. instantly, this grounds the movie. and going into this film knowing very little, it wasn't a turn that I was expecting that you all decide that they have to go back to stop the tragedy. but the real tragedy is that they shouldn't have to in the first place. the movie takes a firm stance that police brutality and the deaths of innocent lives and stop similar to what we see play out, are becoming too much of a problem to be ignored. we have made it far too easy to kill one another. and this is a pretty firm statement that we need to reassess how we as people treat one another. whilst police get a pretty bad rap, it also paints the opposite side of the argument, with the gangs in the film having as much blood on their hands as the apparent oppress. though the film is laced with social commentary. while I love about see you yesterday is that it doesn't beat you over the head with it. the movie paints both sides of the argument. in all of its issues. there's an amazing scene to do with feminism and men standing up for women in an overly protective way, with both the characters putting their pros and cons across, which makes the movie easy to appreciate and lets you know that this piece is here to make you think, rather than to tell you what you should this too, is reflected in CJ, who's an extremely complex character. and she holds a lot of guilt over her aggressiveness, and has to learn throughout the film that who hotheadedness gets her in more trouble than it doesn't. Michael J Fox, who plays CJ's teacher in an amazing cameo, I've used probably the biggest point of the film with the fact that time-travel ethically and philosophic repose is one of the biggest conundrums ever, as this power would mean that the possessor would have to decide what to change, and well, what not to. during the movie, CJ soon realizes that their actions inadvertently cause more problems, with Sebastian being killed in the past, and though she saves her brother because of it, it's at a cost. this really laces the movie with complexity and shows that sometimes there is no right answer. anyway, CJ discovers that she must tune her time travel device frequency to the previous jump. and this allows her to go back without Sebastian knowing, and from here, divert to her brother to stop him ever crossing paths with the police. however, things aren't that simple, and watching the police arrive once more is an extremely tense moment. the had me with my hands over my face, wondering what could happen. in the end, Calvin sacrifices himself to avert the death of Sebastian once more. and this is really a heartbreaking moment that showcases the struggle that people have to go through in these kind of situations. it's a damned if you do and damned if you don't. message that cements that as long as we don't learn from these tragedies, they will forever continue to haunt us. these over-the-top stops and over aggressiveness with the whole guilty until proven innocent, mind state that the police take towards black youths will forever cause the past to repeat itself. and we will continue to watch more teenagers faces splashed across the news. now, the main thing that I took from its ending is that we cannot change the past, no matter how much we try. instead, we must learn from our and go forward with this new knowledge in order to improve our future. we can never get back those that have been lost, but instead, in their memory, we have to go forward with one another and stand up for each other's rights. the final scene involves CJ going back once more to attempt to stop it again. though we don't get confirmation that she succeeds. whilst it is a nihilistic viewpoint, I personally don't believe that she does. and that once more, she will be stuck with more loss, whether it's her brother or another innocent bystander. that is the true message of see you yesterday. there will forever be those at the wayside brought in two murders like this because the police seem to only be willing to draw guns instead of talking things out. in addition to this, the last shot of her running could be heard, sacrificing herself as she realizes she is the only one who can stop the entire event. this would to destroy the time machine and mean that the cycle has ended with Calvin and Sebastian ending up safe. there's no clear answer, but there doesn't need to be either. there's no end in sight to the violence. and instead, we must take from this movie that we have to change the way we think, act and behave towards one another in order to progress positively into the future. and now on to my review. see yesterday is a powerful movie that stuck with me long after I finished watching it. the piece is arguably one of the best Netflix originals that's been released this year, and it's difficult to really find fault with it. the acting is realistic, grounded and earnest, and the social subtext is laced throughout to let you draw your own conclusions, meaning that the film will be accessible to all. this is already one of the strongest time-travel stories I've seen, and the fact that it's so easily applicable to modern day makes it relatable from start to finish. see yesterday is the one to watch on Netflix this weekend, and I definitely recommend that you cancel your plans to sit down to take it all in. this is outstanding. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you took from it, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's other big movie, John wick, chapter 3, which would be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 