so this is the queen's necklace. next week it goes up for auction, probably going to go for 200 million. can i see a roll this weekend? of course, you can see raul this weekend, i'm gonna change. i know this is a bit late for the alimony. where's my money? i don't have it. i gave it to my kids. well, boom. and i'll tell you how to make some cash, a bunch of cash. foundation will put a necklace up for auction. the necklace belonged to marie antoinette, and it's we're going to steal it, going as janitors and come out millionaires while we're risking our asses. what are you doing with me? i'm buying the necklace, right? this is where you work. i'm babacon, your husband's new chauffeur. where are you and your dad from? cynical madam closets. it was then purchased by our dear friends, the pellegrinis, from whom it was stolen 25 years ago. please welcome the daughter of its owner, the lovely juliet pellegrini. have my thanks. ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the action for the queen's necklace. we'll start the bidding at 17 million euros. oh, i have a 33 million euro view from the gentleman over there, perhaps. why don't you take a book for your son? yeah, choose one. our song, lupone the gentleman, burglar. excellent choice. save you some time. i bet 60 million euros. 60. did i hear you say 60 million euros. and here is your necklace. well, when your money transfer is validated, of course, i always put the necklace inside the safe. can you get into this room? yes. the truth is that mr yup was found in a precarious situation, which he pretends as an injustice to get revenge. he stole the necklace. i didn't do it. let's go help me. mrs pellegrini, tell my son. okay, let's go help us. [Applause]. [Music], i'm very sorry. you can't be serious. mr cedine is a victim. you have no idea how bad those thugs wrap their mob. happy birthday arsenal gentlemen. [Music], okay, here's the copy going as janitors become our millionaires. well, how do i look? are you kidding me again? [Music] here the clasp is original. the setting is original. no marks on the gemstones. i guarantee you, this necklace has never been taken apart. i heard they found your father's necklace, but it was a copy. i want answers first, i can't see his face now. he can't hear his cover. yes, i want to install the necklace. i'm asking a question. julian, okay. [ __ ], i know each other. look at that. that's collusion. just give back the necklace, huh? and i'll tell the cops that. i don't know. you tell me. my father was innocent, but he was guilty. he signed a confession. [Music], all right, lock the park, no one [Music], but i'm guilty of what i'm accused of. i wanted to give you a better life. i failed. [Music]. back then, there was a guy in prison with my father named 18. comey, you get out and i go in your place. i realize it's difficult here at first, but i know you'll get used to it. the father was named babacar dia. you were in prison together. he was alone in his cell. i brought him a book when i worked in the library. he said that all the answers were inside. it's one of the best private schools in france. apparently someone wants you to attend it next year. [Music] trapped. [Music] 25 years ago, you framed my father. i know you. it's better to be guilty and free than innocent in prison. just sign it. think of your son after your father's death. i helped you, my son. i helped you. a police officer swore to me that he would help him. that's it. that's the whole story. he lied to me. dumont. his name was dumont, inspector dumont. [Music], don't worry, dumont, that's exactly my plan. where the [ __ ] am i question. let's go back in time. the app continues to deny everything. not surprised. he's a clever one. you had the necklace insurance policy reappraised and increased right before it was stolen. be autopsy report. your name's everywhere. how much does a commissioner make? six or seven thousand a month, tops, even with overtime. nobody makes what you make. what are you using to your savings account? i looked it up. secret accounts. just about what they used to be. someone pressured you into framingham you're a son? yeah, my name's claire. hello, claire. tell me what you want. i want the truth. i've already told you the whole truth. you liar. tell me why you frayed my dad. [Music], i like being with you. don't get carried away. 25 years ago, the commissioner led the investigation where the necklace was first stolen. [Music], i checked his location the day of the theft. it's impossible with him and the prince on my safe well, the lab guys think they were planted there to incriminate the suspect. this is all a game, inspector, a game with rules, and i'm the one who makes them. you're gonna suggest to my wife that she asked him to sign in exchange for a reduced sentence, guaranteed. and everybody, we need to talk. it's about bubba cartier. so say we need to talk. hey, stop. [Music], i swear you want to take down pellegrini. there's a woman named fabian who can help you. i found myself facing an army of lawyers. i didn't have the means to defend myself, and i got crushed. we have an enemy in common. pellegrini. 25 years ago, he framed my dad. he frames your father. he collects the insurance and saves his empire. he fooled everyone around him. if you want to buy my weapons, you'll have to pay double, double. that's blackmail. you've already made a commitment. boost and i don't care who buys the guns or where they end up if you refuse. so the guns they use. pellegrini was the one behind all of it. maybe he used insurance money from the necklace to buy those weapons. so if the salvatore wants to create a scandal, if he's convinced that what he's saying is the truth, put it down to your computer and show yourself. i have nothing to hide. none of them looks like the guy who abducted me. and also, all four look different. what about him? sir needs a compass at the loof. he was thrilled to give us a very detailed description, please. facebook. last sketch. i'm not crazy, you know. i'm not something really wrong here, i know. thank you. yeah, but you can't investigate your commissioner. we are joined tonight by salvatore. salvatore, good evening. evening. you came here tonight with a document, a tape, that is allegedly compromising. the situation has evolved on my end. i don't like it either, but that's the way it is. if you want to buy my weapons. i don't understand. there's nothing incriminating on this video. search the entire building. find him. i think it's a song, a sundial. you know, love a car. son, good evening, baby. mr pellegrini, would like an address for a son. this is your last chance, the address for sandhya. [Music], and you'll never quit in spite of the danger and the force is trying to stop you. he's the luckiest guy in france. or he's the greatest thief in the world. don't you start with that too, at least because you're on a league is no longer on this case, don't make me take you off. [Music], train leaves in an hour. a train, our train. i got you a ticket. i'm not sure i'm even in love with him, because we've been together for so long. we have fun. we've we've been through so much. so how's it look? you can leave them alone. but him. get rid of him for good. don't let me down. yes, sir. i'm pregnant. [Music], we're going to be a papa. [Music], i see you're also going to are you a fan of lupone? a huge fan. it's paul cernine. my train is pulling into the hove in two minutes. let's grab coffee. i'm wearing a beige ring. you two go ahead. okay, let's go. don't try anything stupid. do you know the mysterious traveller? freeze? hands out. take your hands out. beige rainbow. [Music], ah, all right. well, anywhere else it looked ridiculous, but here it's cool. look, right now, that's not what's important. what's important is we're and you give me a chance. that's not our guy. he had a stone from a necklace. let's bring him back to paris in question. but he had the gem, and he was armed. he has a gun license and an alibi for the night of the burglary. so the stone, someone put it in his pocket. that's all. [Music], you paul. [Music], you 