satan visits new york looking for his new bride. can a regular cop stop him? today we'll go through 1999's american supernatural action horror movie called end of days. spoilers ahead. satan will unleash hell on earth. people will die, some will survive. some will cut off their tongues. it'll get weird. we have warned you. this is just my opinion on the movie and not a substitute for watching it. feel free to watch the movie first for the whole experience. i recommend it. 100 links to download and stream the film are in the description below. give the video a quick like and subscribe to our channel. suggest any movies you'd like us to cover in the comments or join our discord server. now let's get right into it. the movie starts in old times. we're talking about the late 70s, when disco pants were still popular. in the beginning, we see this handsome, old christian man opening a chamber of secrets and looking through an ancient scroll. the scroll seems to have a secret, which he hurries to share with his fellow gossipers. we see him run through a literal palace. but the movie's budget was a total of a hundred million dollars. so it makes sense. the environment is intense when he shuffles into a room full of pope look-alikes and the actual pope in the middle, the handsome old man tells the pope that she will be born today. she who we don't know yet. the pope tells the others, in pope language, that the child must be found and killed. excuse me, sir, i thought we were against sinning. they vaguely talk about this girl being evil. and all the pope orders our old man, tomato, tomato, tomas, our man tommaso, to find the girl and keep her from evil. somewhere else in a city, a woman gives birth to a little girl. the doctors lie and say she's beautiful. she's covered in blood, for god's sake. the nurse then takes the infant with her to another floor for what, you ask, to feed her snake blood. i'm not even kidding. the doctors in the room seem to be a part of a demonic, satanic, extremely weird cult. we also notice that the girl was born with an arm tattoo. after they're done, the nurse takes the infant back to her mother, unknown to the satanic ritual. her daughter has just been a victim of the mother takes her child back. she names the baby christine. a lot of time passes, and now it's the late 90s, 1999, december 28th, to be exact. no more disco pens. the world is excited to welcome the coming of the new century. the conspiracy theorists do what they're best at, spread rumors about the world ending. we see two construction workers doing their jobs in the streets of new york, when suddenly everything goes shaky, shaky, and everyone goes, oh my god. it's an earthquake. the workers start to run for their lives, when somehow everything starts to explode. from the flames comes out an invisible something who i believe is satan. he goes into a fancy restaurant and troubles a man in the restroom. when the man dies, satan takes over his body. so anyways, the now satan person comes out of the restroom and starts to make out with a lady. satanic behavior at its peak. he casually walks out of the place, which explodes into flames right after oh, this man is kinda cool. the scene then cuts to a rusty looking apartment where a man holds himself at gunpoint. before he can pull the trigger, his friend walks in with coffee. you're welcome. suicide plan postponed for coffee. the friend pulls the blinds down and we see the man is arnold schwarzenegger. although he was nominated for the razzy worst actor award for this movie, so let's keep our expectations low. arnold is playing a former police detective, jericho cain, whose daughter and wife were killed by a contract killer. he's going to provide security for someone from wall street. while at work, he does the normal men in black things, talking in codes through a walkie-talkie. wait, who is that? anyway, jericho's client is satan from earlier. he saves his client from being shot by an assassin, but gets shot himself. of course, he doesn't die. one, he's arnold schwarzenegger. and two, he has a bulletproof vest on. he pursues the assassin in a helicopter that he boards while it's still in midair. then he jumps out of the helicopter and hangs with the man mid-air. after some flying bullets and running through the streets of new york city. jericho finally catches the man, who seems to be on the verge of death himself. the man accuses jericho of setting loose the dark angel, or something like that. the old man's a nutcase. jericho realizes this and shoots him in the legs. while searching his body for evidence, he finds an empty wallet. same old man, same later, a police detective calls jericho a lunatic for claiming that the old man, assassin talked to him, because it turns out he has no tongue. after a lot of investigating, jericho and his friend reach an abandoned house-like building with crosses and other symbols drawn on walls. jericho finds something inside a jar, which, surprise, surprise, is the man's tongue. his friend then discovers a picture of a girl inside a jar inside a fridge. weird placement. the police detectives get there right on time to be suspicious of the two. they informed them that the assassin was a priest who vanished some months ago. the scene then changes to a girl traveling on a train. and wait, this man is here too. the creep from earlier stands in front of the girl and calls her christine. christine, the snake, blood feeding baby man she has grown up as. christine touches the man to get him away from her. he breaks, yes, his body breaks into pieces. christine screams in fear, but everyone is looking at her like she's a maniac. that's my biggest fear, being pursued by satan. easy. public embarrassment, no, sir. christine then returns back to her mansion. turns out she's rich. she calls her therapist to tell him about the events. he asks her to take medicine and sleep, easy peasy. while investigating jericho, goes to the assassin priest's church, where the other priest gives him a vague answer about the 1000 years ending. then we see our satan visit christine's therapist. he's been plotting this for years, and everyone around christine is just preserving her for him. satan goes inside the therapist's house, who introduces him to his wife and daughter. in the following scene, we see them um sinning, if you know what i mean. next he visits the old assassin priest in the hospital and, well, kills him mercilessly. look at the face that has haunted your dreams for a thousand years, by mercilessly, i mean, engraving bible verses on his back and then impaling him to the ceiling. the police find the name christine york on the assassin's back. jericho quickly figures out her address and goes to meet her. meanwhile, christine is at her mansion when she discovers her father died in a bathtub. some men enter the house and grab her. one of them, i assume their leader, starts citing bible verses indicating their priests. they're here to kill the girl and end the evil, the same thing priests in the movie have been talking about. but our hero is there just in time. jericho gets into a shootout with the priests and saves the girl. he gets a bible-like holy book from the shelf and matches the priest necklace with a picture in it. the bible says, they're the good guys. you know christine is in trouble when even the good guys want to kill her. outside our very own satan kills jericho's friend. the explosion alerts the two, let's get out of here. satan walks inside through the flames, and both christine and jericho seem to recognize him. they run away from the man and meet the police detectives jericho had been working with. however, they too point their guns at the girl. everyone is team satan. now jericho has no way out. he kills them and takes christine to the church. you don't need that. you have no enemies here. the priest there finally explains to them what the hell is going on. so the bible said at the end of a thousand years, satan will rise from hell again. he has to bear a child with a chosen one. we all know who that is. so satan basically has to sin with christine before the clock hits 12 on new year's eve. by doing so, he'll unlock the gate of hell. jericho thinks this is just a bunch of [ __ ]. but christine believes everything. she wants to stay with the priests of the church. i think it was a mistake to come here. if the devil does exist, why doesn't your god do anything? we have to have faith. jericho cannot force her, so he goes back to his rusty apartment. guess who's waiting for him there? yep. satan. he wants jericho on his team because jericho has hatred for god. he despises god for killing his family. satan has an innovative way of trying to convince people. he makes jericho hallucinate about his family's death. he promises to bring them back from the dead if jericho tells him where christine is. but our main boy is stubborn af the deal doesn't seem fair enough to him. and now satan is angered, but at least jericho believes he's real. now satan throws jericho out of the window, but the main boy saves himself. he even manages to throw satan out with surprisingly strong strength. before jericho can take a breath of relief, his friend, the one who died earlier, knocks at his door. they plan to meet outside the church in an hour. back at the church, one of the pope look-alike priests comes to meet christine. turns out he's there to kill her rather than meet her. the good priest asks him to stop, but he again repeats that the girl must be killed to end the frickin evil. before he can stab her, jericho stops him right then satan arrives at the church's door. i've come from my wife. all of you are doomed. jericho takes the girl and runs away. would he always somehow manages to do we see satan crack the pope look alike's neck. ouch. jericho makes christine get into a car with his friend, who is team satan. jericho is the only one surprised when his friend takes the girl away in the car. then a bunch of satan's followers and satan himself attacked jericho. satan wants him to see the end of the world, so he impales jericho alive on a building and leaves with christine. so how could he have avoided this? well, first of all, fleeing from the church was a wise thing, because if they had stayed, they would definitely be killed. he's satan, for god's sake. however, going into a dark alleyway bad move. jericho obviously got to the church in a car. they could have taken the same car back, but let's say he came by taxi. that way they would have a better chance to run away if they had stayed on the main road and taken a cab. the world is getting ready to celebrate the new century. i'd like to see their faces when the world ends. a random man on the street saves jericho and brings him to the church. our main boy is saved. yay. if he wasn't in a secluded alleyway, someone could have found him sooner. they stitch his wounds and make him good as new. he rushes to the police station and tracks down satan's car. he makes it look easy. then he goes to the place where a bunch of weird satan followers say things that don't make sense. [Music]. christine is made to lie down in the front as satan circles her. jericho takes her hostage. before satan can say a word, hell didn't teach him speed. jericho's friend points a gun at him, but gets emotional before shooting. satan doesn't support that and burns him to death for disobeying him. everyone runs away when the place starts to ignite in flames. they even leave their lord and savior. satan survival instinct. first, demonic cult. second, jericho takes christine and runs away. they end up on a working railway track, and somehow a man stops a freaking train for them. they're still being followed by the crazy demon followers. satan stands in front of the running train and is hit. some seconds later, his hand emerges from the train's floor. did they really think getting rid of the god of hell would be that easy? just like that, and the train's driver is gone. jericho then manages to separate the lobbies of the train and shoot satan, sending him flying like superman inside another lobby. if you look closely, you can see his ribs. the entity is busted and broken. now, the real satan comes out of gabriel's body. remember the invisible thingy from the beginning of the movie? yes, that. jericho and christine run to a church where he makes her hide. just then the church starts to shake. the benches fly, the statues start to burn. a bunch of crap happens, until the real deal. satan rises from hell. a badass move. he looks kinda cool. not gonna lie. he strikes jericho and somehow enters into him, just satan things. christine runs over to him, thinking that they've won. but little does she know, jericho has been possessed by satan. she soon realizes when he manhandles her into the nearest table. christine yells at jericho to fight the satan inside him. and he does. what else did we expect? he then takes a sword from nearby and stabs himself. just then the new millennium starts. they have won again. satan, yes, he is pulled out of jericho's body and sucked into hell again. christine sees jericho's wife and daughter come to take him, maybe to heaven. we'll never know, because the movie ends there. so that is how the movie, end of days goes. hope you like the video. don't forget to leave a like and comment. i'll see you next time. 