[Music]. if you find yourself burglaring a house, only to discover that it's been rigged of deadly traps and you're locked in by a spider living killer, then you've come to the right place. in today's video on cinema summary, I'll be diving deep into how to survive, escape and beat the bad guy in a recap of the bloody, nerve-wracking home invader, horror the collector. let us know how you would beat him in the comments below. and as always, if you want to see more, leave a like and subscribe for all their latest our story starts here on the grounds of a massive house, which, as we all know, is the perfect setting for a horror movie. remote location. check, pickled house. check, steel bars on every window, making it impossible to escape. triple-check. it's here we meet our sleepy eye hero, Arkan, an ex-con handyman who's been working on the home for a while now. and, fun fact, you might recognize him as John pilgrim, Punisher, or barsaat in the Dark Knight Rises. remember him? Arkin gets to know the house and the family who owns it. the chase is made up of Michael Victoria Jill, Anna and Chevy. wait a second, Chevy, get out of here. shoo. now, what the chases don't know is that our kinsman scoping the place out to steal a rare gem from the family safe, because Michael is a jewelry broker. Vlad the subterfuge, because Arkans wife owes money to loan sharks and needs to pay them off by midnight. Melvin, so took a strap as a mode. so Arkin cuts a deal with his boss to steal the gym and pay off their debt. now, heading back to the house with a safecracking gear, he parked his car and approaches the house, but things immediately get strange. he's attacked by a dog the family definitely doesn't own, and the ascendant alarm is turned off. he makes his way upstairs all sneaky-like and begins to crack the safe with only one number left to go. here's another sneaky, squeaky. and realizes that someone else is here. Arkin goes downstairs to escape, but finds the door has new deadbolt locks cape inside. before we get too far into it, our kids already made a few mistakes here, so let's rewind what he doesn't have shown acting as a lookout slash getaway driver. I mean, he could have tried calling any of his friends to help him out with this. and - we should have checked to see if anything else was off about the house. I mean, when a random dog attacks you, maybe you should look around a bit to see if there are lights on, or like a creepy shadow in the window looking for a place to hide. he opens the closet to find a homeowner. and insel defense, Michael reaches for a golf club and triggers this really elaborate trap that sends him flying on the stairs. they get dragged away by a masked man. Parkinson finds himself the victim of another trap. looking for a telephone, he gets stabbed by a nail right in the ear hole. I don't know about you, but I would never pick up a phone like that. hello, someone used my credit card and bought a hundred thousand kilograms of cocaine off the black market. why? yes, that was me sidestepping the many plot holes. what can we do that Arkin did it? Arkin had the right idea to check if it worked. and a does bring up the question, how do you get help? first, telephones the power of the house still works, and getting help, either from the cops or from a friend, might help you get out of there. and if you have your own phone, use it, unless you're poor like Arkin, in which case use man's greatest discover Okemah, I mean, fire. a house as fancy as this should have a smoke alarm somewhere. so be sure to check which rooms have a fire alarm, starting with the kitchen. from what we see, the stove isn't trapped. see, look, she's fat. I mean, she's still guys, but at least the stove didn't kill her. so all you need is some toilet paper to get a nice fire going. that trip the alarms. did we start at the fire? well-conserved. get this mask off. my phone sent an alert to the fire department, who should be underway shortly. if they collect two, removes the fire alarms, set something upstairs on fire. a wing of the house, curtains or Joe Pesci as fired, can be seen from anyone outside, from pretty far away. and burning it upstairs keeps the risk love no back to the story, bleeding. he heads to the window, which is boarded up and lined with Fraser's as Arkin, finds out the hard way after cutting his hand on the blades. and those are the only traps are confined. ladies and gents, no, sir. you've got a bear trap room, the staircase full of spikes, the chandelier full of knives and the web of razors, a brooms strung up with needle think cables that you rip into your skin like butter. okay, can I just say there is no way this guy will be able to do all of this in a single night, getting everything inside the house, setting up the traps, boarding up the windows, it's strong, the deadbolt locks, all that would take a lot more than just a single night to do. this whole sequence plays out like home alone for horror files. I mean, cheese. Macaulay Culkin, you got really dark. I guess they left your home alone for too long. now about that window. what should he have done? ARCA had a good idea in breaking out of the windows. it's a common entry and exit for burglars, and it's also used to escape a house in case of a fire. so there's a logic there. but he made a few mistakes. and testing the idea, first, he was pulling on the center of the plank, which is a bad way to rip it off, because you have to deal the two ends nailed to the frame. second, he didn't check at the window was booby-trapped, which he should have been careful of, since he knows something is up with the house. to be fair, I don't think anyone would expect them to be trapped, but at least you'd still want to be more careful taking your hands out. now, how do we get out? since the first floor windows are barred and the second-floor windows are boarded up, he should have tried the ones in the Attic. we get a clear shot of where they are in the house, and all it would take is to find the entrance and drop level by level to get to the ground. it's a risky strategy, but between a cruel, slow death or getting hurt from a fall, that doesn't sound that bad. you could also find a different way through the glass double doors on the ground floor. but this takes some setup, since the doorway to the basement is near the kitchen. you would first knock the collector down the stairs, lock the door and barricade it from the outside using chairs, tables or whatever else you can bring near by. doing this gives you time to do three things. one, bypass the web a razor wires by going underneath it or around it, to breaking the doors down and unlocking it. and three, getting out while keeping the collector. but what if the doors are reinforced or they have their own deadbolt locks? you can still lock the collector in the basement, but instead take the time to break through the windows, this time with more technique. throughout the different bedrooms or tables, desks and dressers, you can attach them to the boards on the windows using cloth and barbed wire. that way you can push the furniture away in downwards, using your legs, leverage and gravity to get more force than you would trying to pull it off. looking for a way out, he runs it to Michael and his wife, Victoria, tied up in the basement. Arkan talks to them and learns a few things. one, the safes combo to the gun inside of it. and three, their daughter, Hannah is missing. but when Arkin goes to unlock the safe, he finds an unloaded gun. oh, and that Rocky was looking for him, so it's not all that bad. he then hears pounding coming from this box. and inside is the collectors last victim who spills the beans. the masked man is a collector of people, only taking those he likes. wait, if the collector has been doing this to other people, wouldn't it be in the news that there were disappearances and murders happening in other houses? and also, how does he get all these things for all these traps? does he take it alone? I wonder what it's credit score is. Arkin boxes of the Box guy, before running into yet another trap, the stake for a bedroom that is also acidic enough to eat through meat. poor kitty. after hiding from the collector in the most obvious place, he goes to rescue Victoria, but she freaks out after seeing her husband's dead body and alerts the collector. as Arkin ambushes him, knocks him out, grabs his keys and helps everyone escape the house. just kidding. she gets shanked, and Arkin hides under a desk. smart and they Springs. you to my next bone to pick with. this guy, crime management, oricon, is running up and down the stairs like he's trying to get his car. do you win? and not like he's solving any problems. why is he trying to save Victoria with no way out and no weapon to defend with. as far as plans go, this is absolute trash. I mean, what are you gonna do? take her back to your hiding spots. if I were him, I would have checked the basement more, knowing that the collector is not there with me. I might have found something useful. or maybe not, but it's better than doing this three times. but his plot would have it, he sees at the window Joe coming home with her boyfriend. and these two get it bad. Jill gets nailed to the face, and her boy toy gets bear trapped, but not before Jill manages to call the cops or can uses the screwdriver he found the finally escaped with the window. what screwdriver? anyway, he turns right and give one, let's get by. but sees Hannah upstairs and decides to rescue her. oh, the things I do for love. he finds Hannah, then saves her, but gets caught, tied up and tortured by the collector. now I gotta say, there's not much our kin can do in this situation. his hands and feet are tied up. he's hooked to a board, and he doesn't have any tools to help him out. so I think he's right that has no choice but to rip his way out. good thing too, because he finds out this house is rigged to blow up. on that note, Arkin could have used the dynamite to escape. assume we can get the dynamite out of its cord. you can light the fuse using your matches or the stove, and place the dynamite in a structurally weak place, like a windowsill or a door. even if they're reinforced, like with bars and dead bolts, the dynamite should be enough to just blow it all away. after dealing with the collectors Dog, Arkin fights the collector and tricks the collector in a shooting, open the front door and drops the chandelier on him. once outside, Arkin gets help from the police coming by, and gets put into an ambulance, surviving the house and returning to his family. nope. the collector runs the ambulance over, collects Arkin, putting him in a box. and even though he was stabbed by a bunch of knives, he's well enough to drive away a straight-up fight. he is not what you should aim for our kids method, using the chandelier is simple and clean, which is the way, it should be too many steps and you risk things going wrong. now, you could also use a chandelier in a different way. since Arkin runs into it, and the before it's hung up, there's a window of opportunity where you could pull the knife out using your shirt. they get a better grip on the knife, either by wrapping your hand or wrapping the blade, and do it. now, if you are quiet and sneaky enough, you could do a sneak attack on the collector and go for a few targets, spinal cord, the side of the Voicebox, going through the armpit, stabbing the liver or the back of a nice cutting major arteries, which will bleed out very quickly, and putting the collector on a time limit to do anything. or you could try to use that as a pry bar for the windows, in case you don't magically find a screwdriver. you could also just push him into the traps to kill him, like the Louisville razors, the sticky floor and the bear trap, pushing the collector when he least expects it. or blow them up using dynamite. another way to go about doing it is using the gasoline in the basement. one way is to pour the gasoline in the basement. that leur the collector down there. using a loud noise from your hiding spot light, the gasoline on fire, using your matches in run. or use the gasoline to create petrol bombs from bottles and vases, using dishwashing rags as a wick. now I mentioned that you could sneak attack the collector, and that, as a strategy, is risky. but the thing is, the collector can't see very well. this makes me confident that you could hide somewhere and ambush him using makeshift weapons. you could make a lock in a sock, which is a flail made by putting a small, heavy object in a long sock or bundle cloth. you could use padlocks, cans of tuna, soda cans, coins, paper weights and other small, heavy objects as a weight. you could also make a glass ship, wrapping the bottom half of a glass shard with cloth, giving you an impromptu knife. all these weapons can be made of objects found around a house. and our common go to makeshift weapons. and there you have it. we have a ways to get out, get help and get even. but what do you guys think? did we miss anything? do you agree or disagree. for ideas, how would you beat the collector? let us know in the comments down below. and with that said, thank you so much for watching. I really hoped you liked this new change of pace. I realize it's very different, but I wanted to try something new. and hey, feel free to suggest any more movies want me to cover. I've got a few in mine, but I'm always curious to know more. until next time, have a damn good day. 