welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and batches ain't book clones and kids. book clones and kids. episode 13 of the bad batch is now out, and in this video, we'll be breaking down all the easter eggs, hidden details and the things you missed. now from here out, it's full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the latest episode, then i highly recommend that you check out now. i also find your lack of likes disturbing, so please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. and don't forget to subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into game of clones now. we start off on odd mantel, which is slowly becoming a base of operations for the batch. we learn that the mercenaries have been carrying out missions that were not privy to, including one in which they encountered gun docks. gundogs have been mentioned throughout the star wars saga, and these ferocious beasts originate from bangko. you might remember their name from the empire strikes back when han said luke looked strong enough to pull the ears off a gun dock. but outside of this, they've also shown up in the clone wars. now the batch talk about how the area was swarming with them, which could tie into the title infested. however, this usage of the word goes far beyond that. during the episode, the bats travel through tunnels beneath the planet and have a slight infestation problem, shall we say. now on top of that, mantel seems a lot more popular than it's been in previous episodes, and we see that sid has been ousted by a gangster named roland. roland is a devaronian, which is a species known for their distinctive horns. he ends up losing one in the episode, which might be a nod to hellboy, but either way, it clearly shows his failings as a criminal. he and his forces completely swarmed the area and have now overrun it. this kind of shows the order that the imperials brought to the galaxy. and just as they infested the planets that they occupied, the ones that they didn't had issues too. the imps were happy to let nefarious forces overrun things so that they could either work with the shadowy organizations or commander the planet and offer the people a way that was seemingly better. this power play allowed them to gain complete control of a lot of systems, as it was either let us take over and offer order, or take your chances with the gangsters. now, sid is okay, and we join her back at the ship. i love how the ithorian and weak way that we've seen in the bar throughout also show up here. and, yeah, they're nice little side characters that constantly pop up throughout the episode. we learned that roland is, uh, the son of izza durand, and that he's been working with the pikes. these are a species of sentient humanoids that originate from the planet obadir. however, they also supply spice from the mines of kessel. both spice and kessel get name dropped in this episode, and the former was actually called that by george lucas as a note of the book june, which star wars was heavily inspired by. now, you might also recognize the pikes from solo. and sid says roland is using mantel as a base of operations because of its connections to multiple hyperspace routes, with the empire overrunning the galaxy smuggling is obviously going to become prevalent. and roland plans to use sid's parlor as a way to make money. in a time when alternate organizations were being stumped down. sid somewhat blackmails the group into helping her. and she could have, of course, turned the batch over at many times to the empire, but she refused to. sid has learned of a spice deal between roland and the pikes. and using the mining connections beneath the planet, they head through the subterranean tunnels. now here, i got a lot of flashes of video games, namely mine chord sections. and though i can't for the life of me find the specific image that i'm thinking of, there were definitely parts of dead space that looked very similar to this. also. yeah, who else is hyped for that dead space remake? let's go. isaac baby. now, dead space was, of course, inspired by aliens, which 2 has had a number of easter eggs in the season. rekka ends up dropping his torch down one of the holes, and this causes the earlings to stir. it could be a reference to lord of the rings, namely, when that bloody fool of a took peregrine dropped a bucket in the minds of mario. back at the bar, we see that the bartender is a pantoran. several of these have appeared in the show, and it's nice seeing the species getting more attention, especially as george lucas actually cameoed as one. the weak way, leaves some mantel mix in order to draw the pet ruby out. and this is something that we've seen rekka and omega eating after celebrating a successful mission. this was all a distraction to make roland leave the bar. and the group sneak into sid's office, which we see is infested by what i believe are womp rats. sometimes warm rats get confused with scurriers. and who am i to tell people that their star wars knowledge is wrong, especially with the utter rubbish i come out with in these videos? so if it's not a warm rat, just let me know, and i i, i'll, i'll block you, but i'll be very grateful. now the batch spice up their life. and in the bar, we can see that roland starts panicking. skywalker, amongst the regulars, you can also catch several aliens, including a bit which you'll no doubt recognize from playing that one song over and over again in mos eisley. the group go back into the tunnels, and we get a minecart chase that leads to the earlings coming out too. now, shout out simon a birman on twitter for pointing out that this could also be a nod to the minecart scene from indiana jones in the temple of doom, which is also owned by lucasfilm. either way, this awakens the hive. and i love how creepy the buildup to this entire scene is. when they finally appear, they avoid the light. and this might be a call back to the movie pitch black, in which the monsters in that did the same thing. the spice is lost, and the two regulars end up snitching on sid. this is also where we meet the pikes carrying out the deal. and they're a threatening bunch, it must be said. they're the kind of people who would tell you to smash the like button and you do it. and rather than waiting until the entire matter is over, sid goes back to the bar early and encounters them. they want their spice and take omega hostage. and the batch instead, have to head back to the tunnels in order to get it back back at the bar, we see omega can pretty much get on with anybody, and learn that roland is very much trying to impress his parents. this is, of course, reflected in omega, who has been going above and beyond to live up to the standard set by the batch. and it's a nice little moment in which i think we can see some common ground between the pair. back in the tunnels, sid and rekka almost get the spice out, but they hit a cart on the last crate, and this awakens the earlings even more. also, i love how rekka's fear of heights is constantly brought up in the series, and every time he gets in this kind of situation, the guy just can't handle it, which i actually relate to because i hate heights as well. now, using a light bomb, they managed to defeat the hive. and this could be a reference to blade 2, when the titular character used something similar. the pikes keep their word and allow omega to be returned to the batch. however, they still want to punish roland and cut off one of his horns. now i don't really care about this guy, so yeah, do whatever you want to him. and the group decide to celebrate with a drink. that finishes up the episode. now, as for my thoughts on the entry, i really enjoyed it. and it's nice to see that the batch aren't just fighting off the imperials all the time, and there are other things in the universe that they must face against. i can't believe that it's been 13 weeks and the show hasn't really had any duds in it. each episode builds on the last. and though we often get standalone entries that work without the interconnectivity, i think that the character development is the real hawk here. said it once, and i'll say it again, but the idea of conformity versus individuality is rife throughout the series. whether it's a planet deciding to give up their freedoms for protection, only in turn to become a fascist state, or a planet that goes against this and thus has to fight for their freedom, we see it so much throughout the show. anyway, a really good episode, and of course, love to hear your thoughts on it in the comments below. we've got just three episodes left, so i'm excited to see what you think is gonna happen next as we head towards the finale. now, as a thank you for commenting, you'll be entered into a competition where we're giving away three mcu box sets on the 30th of july. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. we baked the comments at random at the end of the month, and the winners of the last one are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of space jam, in which we go over every single easter egg in it. it was absolutely devastating, completely exhausting. video. i do. so i really appreciate you heading over there and just checking it out now, without all the way, thank you for singing through this. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 