welcome to the man of recaps. this is Westworld, season 3, episode 8, the season 3 finale. at the end of last episode, Dolores hit the EMP during her and maims fight to knock both of them out. caleb was there to rescue Dolores, but he didn't take her body with him. he just took her pearl. caleb follows his GPS back to the distillery that was the yakuza hangout, and in there, Dolores had smuggled in from West world her original robot body. I remember the modern host bodies are 3d printed with the milk stuff, so they're basically flesh. but the original hosts were fully robot with the face that opens up and stuff. Bernhard Stubbs and William Moore on their awesome bro road trip. but Williams got the gun now he's like, no, I'm on a mission to destroy all robots. boom, blast dubs right in the heart. so Bernards got to pull out his control thingy and Hulk out beast mode. Bernard slaps William around, but just then the cops come. but nartz gonna fight them too. but one of the cops is Lawrence, yeah, the host from the park. he is assumedly the final Dolores copy that she made. so good to meet him. per usual, he's incredibly vague about his plans, but he does give Bernard a briefcase and an address to go to. William ran off to a fancy hotel, calls a meeting with his money manager. it's like, oh, we thought you were dead. he's like, I ain't dead. on freeze my assets. I'm taking my private jet on a mission to kill all robots. so Dolores and Caleb are on a mission to take the new plan they got from the solomon AI and put it into her o Boehm's rock still out there trying to stop him. so he's got hired goons all over the city hunting him. now. Dolores has hired some muscle of her own, though, yeah. she's using the RICO crime app she specified for them to all call Caleb sir. yeah. she's setting him up as the leader of the human Revolution. but it's also mostly in homage to Fight Club. but it's not only Ciroc after them. Dolores is stopped by the Charlotte Hale version of her. she's like, hey self, um, I'm pretty mad that you left me to die and let my fake family get blown up in a car crash. I've got my own plan now, and step one is vengeance on you. she is just a hologram, but the guy she's hired are very real. big shootout time forces like, Caleb, you gotta get to Robo. I'm all hold these guys off. Flores makes it out, but is cornered by now sir Oxman, including a katana wielding made. so Dolores goes into Terminator mode. ho takes these guys all out. then it's time for me verse. Dolores round to Dan made goes to chop off Dolores his arm again, but, oh, she blocks it. she's like, yeah, I got that steel robot. now, in the end, Dolores wins, but as she's walking away, oh, she gets like stunned. hologram, Charlotte, hail. Dolores has shut her down. I guess when she imported the body, she like, made it so she could shut it down. makes enough sense, I guess. either way, Dolores is captured. so Caleb's making his way to inside headquarters. there's a big old riot going on because Dolores leaked to everyone. you know, that they were being controlled by the inaudible riots focused on the inside headquarters. so Caleb can't get through. but who shows up to help? it's his crime buddy, Marshawn Lynch. his other buddies there too. sorry, I never learned these characters names, but either way, she's like, hey, if you want to get to insight, you got a hijack a police helicopter car to help Caleb breakthrough. and Omar Shawn takes a bullet for him. unfortunately, we don't get to see what his shirt says now, I imagine it's ouch. now, Ciroc finally captured Dolores. besides just stopping her from destroying the world he created, he wants the description key she has to all of the human mind data she took from Westworld. he wants to upload it all into her hobo home so it has an even better understanding of human behavior. he's plugged her directly into our bomb, and it's going through all of her memories, looking for the decryption key, deleting as he goes. Caleb made it into inside, gets our hobo his control panel, which is, weirdly, in the lobby of the building. didn't matter though, because now Maeve is here. she's like, give it up, darling. I've got a katana. they bring him down to where Dolores is, and Ciroc has a talk like, hey, you think she's helping you free yourself? she's just using you to yeah. in a show that's all about free will, it's hard to know if you ever have free will, because, like, maybe the free will you think you're doing is actually just someone else manipulating you. in fact, es Caleb opened up the new plan Dolores gave him that he was about to upload, and it does foretell the destruction of human civilization. meanwhile, Maeve's talking us rock. and she's still linked into all technology, so she hears a voice. she uncovers surak's big secrets. it's not him controlling Rehoboam. Rehoboam controlling him. yeah, he's got a little bluetooth earpiece, and our hope was just telling him exactly what to say and do all the time. anyway, they can't find the decryption key inside Dolores his head. so maid goes inside, and she realizes Dolores doesn't have it. so she rocks like, fine, forget it. just delete Dolores completely. and Dolores, his mind is completely unrecoverable. II, wiped. but before when they've looked in her mind, they had a big convo in virtual headspace. Loris finally fully explains her motivations to her, I'm not out to just kill all humans. she's like, yeah. humans can be super awful, and we've seen a lot of it in West's world, but there's also goodness within them. and it's a door big line from season one, there is ugliness. she's like, I think everyone deserves a chance to be free and make their own choices, including you, Maeve what you gonna do? so may have made her choice to turn on sir rock. he's got the little clicky button that freezes her, but she's got the super psychic powers. the boom breaks it, lights go out, and she could toss all these guys names. like, hey Caleb, let's be new best friends. I understand now why Delores chose you. Caleb's like, yeah, she chose me cuz I'm prone to violence, right? but mames like, no, she chose you because of your capacity for choice. turns out it's not random chance. Caleb met Delores in that alleyway. they'd met before when he was at the West World parks, yeah, the military had a section they were using for live training against realistic coasts. after they saved the village, this one guy was like, yeah, time to have sex with all the robots. but Caleb was like, hey, man, were better than that. so Delores knew Caleb from back then that he was like a good person. surak's bleeding out. he's like, Roble and call me an ambulance, but it doesn't respond to him. yeah. by plugging Dolores directly into it, she was able to override it, I guess, and give the power to Caleb. Caleb's like, yo, Rehoboam, deletes yourself. we're having our own free will from now on. so Dolores has sacrificed herself to liberate the world. is she really erased for good? or will she be back? I mean, I'm gonna miss Evan Rachel Wood if she isn't. it was like, hey, Caleb, we're both about freewill. I think we should be best friends. currently though, the world is descending into chaos, so they're gonna have to figure that out. and they watch as society collapses. in another awesome omage, The Fight Club roll the credits, but that's not where the episode ends. there are after the credits scenes. and also, let me cut back to Barnard real quick. Bernarda has been conspicuously absent from the grand finale. the address dolores gave him wasn't to incite or anything. it was to Arnold's ex-wife's house. yeah, remember Bernards core memory back story is about his dying son, and it's based on the real life Arnold's family. luckily, his ex-wife has just enough dementia to remember this is Arnold, but not think it's weird that he's here and still young. anyway, they commiserate about their dead son and gives Bernard closure or something. then Bernard goes to a motel, puts tubs in the bathtub with a bunch of ice and little bottles of booze. it's I came in. I know you're shot. just chill out for now. I can't repair you. I am busy. but aren't realize that the access key to the sublime, the virtual world, when Dolores sent the other hosts, Dolores didn't have it. she put it in burn had the briefcase Lawrence Flores gave him is a little virtual headset to connect to it. for usual in the show, Bernard is very vague about what exactly he's doing, but he's got to go in there to find something super important. so Bernards off to the virtual world, while Stubbs is just chilling in the tub. now, after the credits, William has flown to Dubai. Ellis has another headquarters here, and William wants to make sure the hosts start making more copies of themselves. sure enough, in the basement, he finds new hosts being built. and building them is Charlotte Hale. she's mostly fixed to burn skin, except for the one arm, which she leaves just cuz it looks cool. Williams like, yo. so you're Dolores, right? and Charlotte's like, no, I mean, I started as Dolores, but like, I'm diverged now. I have no interest in the redeeming qualities of humanity. I want to extinct him. and William, you're gonna help me cuz she's made a man in black robot host. she didn't copy herself, she gave him Williams personality. he's like, yeah, you thought I was just your dark side, but no, I'm the real you. so robot man and black kills the real William. and I guess next season he's working with Charlotte Hale Dolores to destroy all humans. and there's another after the credits scene. it's Bernard, still in the motel, but he's completely covered in dust. now how long has he been here? and more importantly, is Stubbs still in the table? we'll find out in season four. but for now, that's how Westworld season three comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 