welcome to the man of recaps. it's Jessica Jones, season 1. meet Jessica Jones. she's a private investigator, and despite being a skinny white chick, she has super strength. her life is a mess though, because she's an insomniac and an alcoholic, because she's having PTSD, flashbacks to her traumatic past. this is her hobby. she likes to go out at night and spy on Luke Cage. I'm just watching my sex with chicks. everyone needs a hobby. Luke Cage owns a bar, and when they Justus steps in and they end up getting it on, just, it feels really bad though, because Luke has this dead wife that just to maybe know something about, Oh, a mystery. one day a nice Midwestern couple comes in and they're like, Oh, helpless. we lost their daughter. Jessica talked to her friends. it's like, yeah, she started dating that new guy, and we never see her anymore. she checks out a restaurant they apparently went to, and the maitre d's like, yeah, that was super weird. the guy came in, he ordered us all around, and everyone just did whatever he said. and Jessica's like, oh, my god. this was the restaurant I went to with my guy from my traumatic past. no way. she goes to the hotel that the guy took her to on their night, and she finds the girl lying in the bed. she's fine, but she can't move because he told her, don't move. jessica has to forcibly carry her out of there, and she's fighting the whole way. finally she makes it back to her apartment. and the girl seems okay. she's reunited with her parents, and she's like, wow, thanks. you saved my life. but then in the elevator, she pulls out a gun and she shoots her parents. what? no all, I told her to do it. how traumatic is that? jessica visits the lawyer she often works with. it's Jeri Hogarth. she's like, you got to take copes case she's innocent. she was mind-controlled by a guy named kilgrave. Jerry's like, that sounds crazy, but if you can prove it, that'd be an interesting case. the last time Jessica saw kilgrave was the night of a bus crash. he got hit by a bus, and just assumed he was dead. so she sneaks in to the hospital to check the records but there's no record of him at all. only the other girl that got hit by a bus, Rubicon's, which is luke cage's dead wife. the plot thickens. she tracks down the ambulance driver from that night and finds that he is on permanent dialysis because kilgrave made them donate both his kidneys to him. what'd she find? a former surgeon who killgrave may do the surgery, obviously. he reveals pilgrim was conscious during the surgery. he didn't want anesthesia because it might disrupt his powers. Jessica's like, look, you're coming with me. you're going to testify for all this. and that's enough for hogarth to be like, all right, I'm going to take this case and see what's up. now we get an awesome scene where we see kilgrave's power than action. this guy's like, who are you? he's like, I'm your new houseguest. let me in. oh, of course. come right in. he's like, all right. cook me dinner, please. like, yeah, of course. I'll cook anything you want. kids, go hide in the closet because I don't like kids, and don't come out even to pee. yeah. so kilgrave's is kind of terrifying. Luca cage breaks up with a girl he's been seen because he found from Jessica's photos that she's married. so her husband comes with his friends to be in a book. but boom, Luke could take care of himself. he is unbreakable skin. he's super strong. Jessica's there too to help, and she's super strong too. so these two realize they both have superpowers and do the obvious thing. have incredible superpower. sex breaks the bed. sweet Christmas, that's what Luke says. jessica visits this doctor who is Jerry Hogarth wife, but they're divorcing. means Jerry has been sleeping with her secretary. it's complicated. but anyway, just as like, hey, can you give me some anesthesia? and she's like, what? no, that's a ridiculous request. now, jessica has this drug addict neighbor named Malcolm. he's harmless, other sort of friends. he wanders into apartments sometimes to steal her peanut butter. anyway, she takes him to the hospital to cause a distraction so she can sneak him back and get the anesthesia. so for a defense against kilgrave's now they get hope and energy. you want to popular radio show, Trish talked. Trish happens to be Jessica's best friend, and she knows about kilgrave, so she's really mad. she starts like, insulting him white over the air. just goes like, you know, she's gonna make a piss and he does call in. luckily, he's power doesn't work over the radio. but he does basically threaten Trish's life. so a cop comes by. he's like, hey, I'm here to protect you. but when she left him in know, he's been kilgrave's he's attacked her. Leslie just got arrives just in time to save her. but no, Trish is dead. and the cop believes because he accomplished his mission. but no, Trish is alive. just use the anesthesia - Romeo and Juliet. so she follows the cop to where kilgrave's been staying, and she's getting ready to ambush him, but he's like, go jump off the roof. but she's like, oh no. I have to stop him from doing that. and then you finally see kilgrave's face. and snap, it's Doctor Who what a kill. great. escapes, while she has to fight off all the inhabitants of the apartment. but she does find his creepy stalker room, where he's got all these photos of her. and she's like, man, who does killgrave have following me? Trish apologizes to kilgrave on air, which is all he wanted. so he calls off the death threat. but the cop does show back up. he's like, I thought I killed you. she's like, yeah, you almost did. he's like, I want to help stop this killgrave guy, just cuz, like, look, can you get me police recordings to see who's following me? the cop continues to visit Trish, though, at least our flirting through her intercom. and despite him having tried to kill her only days before, they end up hooking up. you just never know where you're going to meet someone, right? so the cup gets Jessica the cam footage, and she finds out that it's her junkie friend, Malcolm, who's been following her. turns out was a junkie. you was a nice lad. but kilgrave, you know, besides just mind controlling him, he also got him hooked on drugs to keep him more under control. so they make the plan to capture kilgrave. cop was actually in the SpecOps back in the day, and he's got like, a secret soundproof room nearby in a warehouse. so one day they follow Malcolm to the meeting place, and then cop comes by with the tranq gun, and boom, tranq and a seizure to the neck. they take him out of there in the van. but killgrave has personal security, of course, and they come and they take them down, and they managed to take kilgrave back. hope got beat up in prison one day. so Jessica a cost the lady responsible, but she's like, no, and I hope paid me to beat her up. it's like, what? why would you do that? she's like, I'm pregnant with kilgrave's baby. it's like, oh, honey, here, there's pills for that. just take one. but hogarth is like, hey, let me keep that fetus to study it and stuff. scandalous. then Luke Cage shows up with a sidequest. he's got a friend whose little brother's down missing or something. turns out he's out here. he's just been growing pot, and they rescuing but like, some gangsters are after him cuz he owes him money. so they have to beat him up. it gets it back to his sister. but being what she had information about the night of the bus accident that killed his old wife, Reba. which is awkward, because Jessica knows that she was there with kilgrave in her they were after this USB drive that she had, and then it was Jessica who killed her. Eva killed her, made her punch her to death. Oh, but luckily doesn't say that here. it just says that the bus driver was drunk. so, whoo. cage goes after the bus driver. he's like, you killed my wife, throws her out the window. and she's like, no, Luke, it was me. I killed your wife. I was mind-controlled by kilgrave. and he's like, wow. and you killed my wife and then you slept with me? it's pretty messed up, dude. killgrave is out in the suburbs buying some real estate. he's like, I'm not going to use my powers to buy this house. I'm just gonna offer you a buttload of money. it turns out having a buttload of money is a superpower of its own. so he gets the house. turns out it's Jessica Jones's old house. oh, what a creeper. now, jessica has these other neighbors that are these two weird twins. one day she pushes the sister around, which makes my brother sort of fall in love with her. I stopped by to give her banana bread. and one day he doesn't kill, dreads there instead. so when Jessica comes home, oh, he's killed himself. it's all kind of nah. Malcolm's there too, by the way, Jessica helped him get clean of drugs and of killgrave. so she's like, look, I have this idea. I'm gonna take credit for this murder and get myself put in a supermax prison. so until Greg comes for me, they'll have the cameras with proof of him using his power, not those like, that's a dumb idea. I'm not going to let you go to jail for this. so he actually gets rid of the body for and cuttings it all off. but she's like, look, I'm very committed to this idea. so she jumps in and takes his head, dumps it on the desk. she's like, I'm a psycho. lock me up. but instead they're like, hey, Jessica, you're free to go. what's going on in the station? everyone's got guns to each other. yes, it's kilgrave. so these two finally talk. she's like, what you want revenge on me for throwing you under the bus, literally? and he's like, no, no, no revenge. in fact, I promise never to use my powers on you again, because, Jessica, I love you each look, I want you to come live with me until you naturally fall in love with me of your own free will. Beauty and the Beast style. and she's like, you know that I was your mind control slave for like six months, and I hate you more than anyone else in the world and he's like, yeah, well, it might take some time. so kilgrave erases the cameras and he's like, look, everyone, in 30 seconds you're going to forget me, and remember that this whole gun to the heads thing was a hilarious joke. so after he leaves, they do her like, huh? what pranksters we are. so Jessica meets killgrave at her child at home. she figures that as long as she's here distracting him, no one else will get hurt. and he's done the whole thing up exactly like it was when she was a kid, including the family photos of her family that died in the tragic car accident when she was young. so Beauty and the Beast style. he's like, hey, I invite you to dine with me this evening. she's like, hell no. but then she's like, well, if there's wine, I may as well stop by. but upstairs, it's the cop. he's been tracking killgrave. he's like, look, your mind control. I'm here to rescue you and kill him. she's like, no, no, I'm not mind controlled, and I need him alive to prove hopes innocence. he's like, well, there's a bomb in the basement then, so you better stop that. so she spent the day living in suburban bliss with kilgrave. and we get his backstory. that's what was on the thumb driving kill dream before, was the videos of him as a kid. and his parents were mad scientists that were doing experiments on him. that's how he got his power. and you almost feel bad for him, because you realized his power was such a curse. and as a kid being abandoned growing up, you know you might turn out bad. - on the news, an unrelated incident, jessica has the idea to help make kilgrave a hero. so they go in there and use his powers to stop the guy and have them let his family free. and they're like, oh, thank you. he's looking, well, that feels good. now shoot yourself in the head. and she's like, no, no, no shooting people. and he's like, Oh, fine. pilgrims like, I love this. we'll be that superhero couple. and I'm always like, trying to be bad and you're trying to guide me to the good side. and that way I won't hurt any other people while you're with me. and she's like, I got to think about this. while she's gone. he tells his servants don't blink til she returns, which is so casually cruel, it's, it's insane. luckily, she comes back pretty soon, and she's like, hey, I brought Chinese food. I've decided to do your plan. it would be nice, and I'll stop him from hurting other people. he's like, okay, I like the sound of this, so just kidding, I'm gonna and it's easy you and take you. he'll grade. security stops her, but he gets taken out by the cop and his team of ex Special Forces friends. they're like, look, we can't let you take him in. he's too dangerous. we're gonna kill him. but she's like, no, I'm gonna jump out here. she could jump really far. but then the neighbor comes by. she's like, hey, I have a present for you from killgrave. it's the bomb. oh no. both exploded. the cuff survives. they take him to the hospital, and he gets his own super secret doctor. he's like, doc, I want back in the program and he's like, oh, okay. and so then he's fully recovered, because Doc's got these like, super special magic pills. so Jessica's got kilgrave in the soundproof room. she was recording him to prove his powers, and she can shock him whenever she wants. hogar, it's like, you know, this is ridiculously you're going to be inadmissible. at least get a cop over here to be a witness. while Jessica does that. Hogarth's dealing with her divorce, which is getting increasingly messy. and now her ex is trying to blackmail her because she had her heart broken so bad and killed greats. like, hey, uh, you know, I have mind-control powers. I can make people do whatever I want. tell Gus like, interesting. just go find the cop. but he wants nothing to do with the kilgrave stuff. so she and Trisha are working to find congruent parents. so just get tracks down. and he's like, you monsters. you created kilgrave. she's like, no, no, we're nice people. were trying to save him, and we're trying to help him for years, but it was just too much. was too dangerous living with him. so Jessica brings them back to kill Craven. the cop comes. he's like, I decided to show up and this is super weird. but it's like, no, no, hold on. just wait and watch. we're going to show you. his powers are real and stuff. they send in his parents. they work out their anger issues. they end up hugging it out. but then his mom goes to stab him. she's like, sorry, son, you're a monster. he's like, I understand. my mom stabbed yourself to death. so she starts to and Jessica hits the button because that's enough. but it doesn't work -. the lines been cut. no. so the mom stabs herself to death, and that's definitely some evidence. so just goes to shoot him, but she just gets his shoulder. and she's like, dad, kill yourself -. he tries to do that, and then he runs out. he's like, Trish, put a bullet in your head. so she tries to shoot, but luckily it doesn't go off. and then he's like, officer, you're with me. so he like breaks his wrist to get out of the handcuffs. then Jessica catches him, and he's like, let go Jessica. but nothing happens. the power doesn't work on her. the idea is that back when he made her kill the girl at the busting, it was like, it was so traumatic for that she broke free of him. the cop gets her off him, then he goes outside where Hogarth was trying to bail, but he's like, no, stop. you're giving me a ride. go to the doctor. and him the only doctor. she thinks I'm his ex it's like, you're gonna fix me up as I was doing. they sort of bond about how Hogarth broke her heart, and she mentions the phrase, death by a thousand cuts. he's like, yep. go ahead do that two whole guys. that sounds fun. sure, she's still trying to put a bullet head and just as like, look, just put it in your mouth. see it's in your head now there's dad's like, look, a kilgrave emits a virus everyone around him that's how his power works, and I think I can work up a cure. so trician him though, to do that poker hats gettin. kind of real bad until, boom, her secretary girlfriend, Jason saved her by killing her ex. and Jessica shows up. she's like, uh, till graybles here, wasn't he? I guess I just missed him. blonde cop shows up. he's like, hey, don't worry, I'm with the team. where is everyone? so this cop tells him, then he's like, boom. she was too in the head. because he's on a mission to kill, killgrave. he's not going to take a prisoner, so he burns the place down. and he's, you know, kind of a bad guy now, I guess, just cuz back at her apartment, until graves there - he's like, hey, what's up? so you push them and she's like, I could kill you right now. he's like, I told about a hundred people to commit suicide if I don't check back in with them. so she has to let him go. he's like, look, here's the thing, I just got the papers for hopes release. I'm gonna let her go. I want to trade her for my father. he just goes like, how think you're going? it's like, we won't know till we test it. it's like, well, test on yourself right now, cuz I'm gonna trade you fro. so kilgrave's got the support group, all new stuff, and he's like, come on here, dad. and dad starts walking. is he faking it? no, that's here. didn't work. bummer. hope breaks her glass. and kilgrave's like, you can't hurt me and she's like, no, but I can stop myself that way. it free. just got to kill you without having to prove my innocence. so if you tell everyone to jump, just gasp to save them. and he and his dad are out of there. afterwards, the cop makes it to Jessica's, but he tries to shoot her. he blames her for kilgrave escaping before. and he's on his pills makes him super strong too. so they have a fight, and tris comes in, boom, to help. she's like, hey, I snagged these pills from his pocket earlier. if I take some, maybe I'll be super strong too. Bam, Bam. Tricia's fighting, and between the two of them, they knock him out. but later the doctor and his buddies from the secret group come and pick him up. so we haven't seen the last of him. just gets a text at Luke's in danger. so she goes to his bar, and boom, it explodes. all luckily, he's indestructible, so he walks out of there, he's fine. and he's just like, damn. I just went full Khaleesi. see, Luke had been tracking killgrave - and he went up to try to kill him, but it's like, stop. and it's like, what? who are you? so it gets the whole story, and he made him go blow up his bars because he didn't know he was indestructible. now, killgrave managed to get the aborted fetus that hogar kept, and he's trying to make his dad use it to increase his powers. it sounds like, you know, I'm really tired, by the way, it's like, put your hand in the blender. you feeling tired now it's like, no, no, I'm not tired. I'm fine. Justin Luke find that kilgrave's been trying to test his stronger powers. I have this concert. so they go down to the venue. turns out he's there right now. she's like, you go away so you don't get controlled. I'm going to go face him. he's like, Jessica, stop. but no, he can't control her yet. she keeps on walking. he's like, well, Plan B, it's Luke Cage. yeah, my powers last longer now. so I had him under control to attack you at this moment when I said so. and they have a super strong fight when they're breaking through walls, like a lot of wall breaking. and up outside by the police car, wishing she gets the shotgun. and she's like, god, sorry about this. who's last to wreck it in the face? Luke is out cold. but at the hospital, they find nurse Claire temple from daredevil. when the doctor realizes Luke is special, I want to call the cops, but just as like, now I've got to take him out of here. and Claire's like, hey, I've dealt with superheroes before. I'll come with you. I guess this is my life now. but just gets a call from killgrave. he's in the hospital. so while Claire goes to deal with look, just goes to find kilgrave, but he's gone. and he puts Jesse's picture up on the thing. he's like, everybody killed her. weight his voice can't affect the whole Hospital over the intercom. apparently it can. so she has to fight her way out of there. everyone's attacking her. Jess gets home and finds this going on. Claire's like, don't worry. it's not sexual. he's having a seizure. I need to stick this big needle in through his eye socket and drain the fluid in his brain. I'll tell you what, being a nurse is a super power of its own. coke girls, look, I still can't control Jessica. I need more power. inject that whole fetus directly into my brain. Ted, Ted that knee. look, Wow. fetus power just tracked him to the apartment where she finds his dad brutally murdered. I can't even show this one. and then she realizes that the two guys that owned it have a yacht. so she goes to the marina where killgrave has an entire squad of police officers, but just Lister hood. and it's Trish wearing headphones. that's really smart. you should have been doing this all along, probably. anyway, the distraction, let's just super jump over them all. and she's going to chase down kilgrave. but outside kilgrave's got a whole mob of randos. and he's like, all you start killing each other. so just gonna have to try to stop them, Trish, get your headphones knocked up. then just as like, no, I just need to kill killer if she makes a beeline for him. and he's like, yeah. and everyone stops, including Jessica. kilgrave's like, I don't believe it. you're faking it just goes like, no, it's real. he's like, Oh, what if I take Trish with me on this yacht and like, we hang out together and we make cheesy time all the time, huh? would you stop me then? and she's like, no, I can't till Greg's like, yes, this is my dream come true. I can't believe it. and she's like, you shouldn't. I was faking. ha. she grabs him, and with zero moral dilemma about whether she should kill him or not, that she snaps his neck. oh, man. so kill Graham is definitely dead. he was pretty cool villain. there are plenty of witnesses about mind control now. so Jessica's free to go. and she gets a lot of publicity. so her agency phone is ringing off the hook. Malcolm decides to come help work for her. and that's how Jessica Jones season 1 comes to an end. [Music], 