Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2019 South Korean thriller film called 'Parasite'. The plot revolves around an impoverished family who devise a strategy to infiltrate a wealthy family's residence by posing as unrelated, highly qualified professionals. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. The story revolves around the Kim family, which includes the father (Ki-taek), the mother (Chung-sook), and their two children: Ki-jung, and Ki-woo. They struggle to make ends meet in a cramped semi-basement apartment with low-paying temporary jobs as pizza box folders. Min-hyuk, a university student and family friend, presents the family with a scholar's rock, which is said to bring good fortune. As he prepares to study overseas, Ki-woo proposes that he disguise himself as a university student and take up his work as an English teacher for Da-hye, the daughter of a very wealthy family known as the Parks. After meeting with the Park family and posing as a Yonsei University student, Ki-woo succeeds in impressing the mother and is hired to start immediately. The Kim family devises a strategy to secure employment for each member of the family by acting as unrelated and highly skilled professionals in order to serve the Parks as servants. Ki-jung impersonates 'Jessica' and works as an art therapist for the Parks' little son, Da-song, using Ki-Woo as a model. Mr Park's driver, Yoon, is accused of having sex in the car by Ki-jung, who subsequently suggests Ki-taek to take his position. Finally, Chung-sook takes over as the Parks' housekeeper after the Kims utilise Mrs Park's long-time maid, Moon-peach gwang's allergy, to convince her that she has TB. Ki-woo and Da-hye begin a covert love connection. When the Parks leave on a camping trip, the Kims enjoy the comforts of their home until Moon-gwang comes at the door and informs Chung-sook that she has forgotten something in the basement. Moon-husband, gwang's Geun-sae, has been hiding from loan sharks for almost four years, and she finds a concealed entrance to an underground bunker constructed by the architect and previous owners. Moon-gwang begs Chung-sook to help Geun-sae stay in the bunker, but the eavesdropping Kims inadvertently disclose themselves. Moon-gwang records them on her phone and threatens to tell the Parks about their ploy. The Parks return home early owing to a heavy downpour, and the Kims hurry to clean up the house and control Moon-gwang and Geun-sae before they arrive. Geun-sae and Moon-gwang are cornered in the bunker by the Kims. Mrs Park tells Chung-sook about Da-seizure-inducing song's horrific experience on his previous birthday, when he saw a 'ghost' \xe2\x80\x94 really Geun-sae \xe2\x80\x94 emerge from the basement late at night. Before the Kims can get out of the house, they overhear Mr Park making snide remarks about Ki-odor. taek's The Kims' flat is flooded by sewage water, forcing them to seek refuge in a gymnasium with other displaced individuals. The following day, Mrs Park, with the aid of the Kim family, organises a party to celebrate Da-song's birthday. Meanwhile, In the basement, Geun-sae discovers his wife's dead body, she had died from a concussion she sustained during the previous battle. Ki-woo enters the basement with the scholar's rock. He is assaulted by Geun-sae, who bludgeons his skull with the rock and flees, leaving Ki-woo lying in a pool of blood. Geun-sae escapes the basement, and upon seeing the party, he grabs a kitchen knife and stabs Ki-jung in order to revenge Moon-gwang. While watching the chaos unfold before them, the party attendees begin to panic. When Da-song sees Geun-sae, he has another seizure, and a fight ensues until Chung-sook fatally impales Geun-sae with a barbeque skewer. Mr Park instructs Ki-taek to drive Da-song to the hospital, ignoring the fact that Ki-taek is trying to assist Ki-jung who is now heavily bleeding on the floor. In the midst of the turmoil, failing to see the severity of the situation, Mr Park has a disgusted reaction to Geun-sae's body odour. Ki-taek, enraged by Mr Park's lack of empathy, seizes the knife and murders him. After that, Ki-taek departs the scene, leaving the rest of the Kim family behind. Ki-woo is still recuperating from brain surgery weeks later. Both Ki-woo and Chung-sook were found guilty of fraud and sentenced to probation. Ki-jung is dead, and Ki-taek, who was wanted by the police for the murder of Mr Park, has not been located. Geun-sae is thought to be a mentally ill homeless guy, and neither he nor Ki taek's reasoning for the stabbings have been revealed. Meanwhile Ki-woo observes the Parks' home, which has now been sold to a German family that is oblivious of its past, and notices a Morse code message from a flickering light. Ki-taek, who gained access to the bunker through the garage, buried Moon-gwang in the backyard and now raids the kitchen at night and flickers the light every day in the hopes of catching the attention of Ki-woo. Ki-woo writes a letter to Ki-taek, still living with his mother in their original basement flat, promising to work hard enough to one day buy the home and reconcile with his father. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 