Story Recapped here. Today I am going to explain another supernatural film called "It Follows." This one is a 2014 horror, mystery, and thriller written and directed by David Robert Mitchell. Before we begin, let me give you a spoiler alert. Watch out and take care. The story begins with Jaime Height or Jay, a 19-year-old college student who is the film's main protagonist. She is a student at Oakland University, and for the teenager, autumn should be about school, boys and weekends out at the lake. Jay decides to go on a date with her kind but mysterious new boyfriend, Hugh. That night, Hugh shows Jay a young girl in the back of the theatre, but Jaime tells him she cannot see any girl. This makes Hugh disturbed and distressed. He becomes unnerved and asks Jamie that they leave. After that, they decide to go on another date, and this time Hugh and Jay have sex in his car, and this is where the story starts to get more serious. Everything goes well until later when Hugh is seen using chloroform to incapacitate Jay. She wakes up in the Packard Plant, tied to a wheelchair. Here, Hugh has become like a stranger, and he explains to Jay that she will be followed and pursued by an entity. So, this is all that they tell us in the movie description. "A young girl is followed by an unknown supernatural force after a sexual encounter." Further, Hugh tells Jay that this entity can only be seen by them, and it can take the appearance of any person. He tells her that somebody had given it to him and now he has passed it on to her. It will follow her everywhere, and once it catches her, it will kill her and pursue the previous person who had passed it on, that is Hugh. So, that means Jay needs to pass it on to somebody else before it gets her. At the Packard Plant, both of them see a naked woman walking toward them. They panic. Hugh takes Jay, drops her off outside her home, flees, and abandons her. Now, Jay realizes that she is the latest recipient of a curse that's fatal and is passed on from victim to victim through sexual intercourse. A "thing" is now following her. Throughout the course of the movie, Jay slowly finds herself plagued by strange, freakish visions. She gets the inescapable sense of someone or something following her. It can look like a stranger or someone she knows, only she can see it, and she dies if it ever catches her. She now knows that death will relentlessly creep toward her, and she has got to find a way to stop it. The next day, as per complaints, the police investigate, but they cannot find the naked woman or Hugh. He was living under a false identity, and we can guess that his only aim was to find someone to pass on the curse he had gotten into. By now, Jay has begun to have more nightmarish visions and encounters with that "something." At school, she sees an old woman walking towards her, wearing a hospital gown, and this woman was obviously invisible to others. Jay is terrified. Her sister Kelly, and her friends, Paul Bolduan and Yara Davis, agree to help her even though they don't believe in her seemingly paranoid ravings that appear gibberish to them. Despite having any evidence of this creature's existence, her friends decide to support her. Paul and Yara spend the night in Jay and Kelly's home with them. That night, they hear someone smashing the kitchen window. While Paul goes to find out what that was, Jay, who is inside the house, sees a scruffy, bedraggled, urinating, half-naked woman walking towards her. Horror-stricken Jay runs upstairs to the others who cannot see the wobbly woman. She then sees another entity, this time a tall man, entering the bedroom. Jay flees the house. Her friends follow and catch up to her at a nearby playground. Jay's friends had not believed her at first, but later they too begin to see and feel the phantom assassins trying to intimidate and terrorize the hell out of their friend. Now they all band together to face this burden and help defend each other, especially Jay. They must now together find a way to escape the horrors that seem to be only a very few steps behind. They begin with finding out who Hugh really is, or maybe, was. They get their neighbor Greg Hannigan's help and discover that Hughe\xe2\x80\x99s real name is Jeff Redmond. They decide to trace him to his address. When Jeff's mother answers the door, Jay is dumbfounded. She recognizes that face. It clicks, and she realizes that the naked woman who had followed her and Jeff at Packard Plant had the same look. It had apparently taken the form of Jeff's mom, Mrs. Redmond. They have a talk. Jeff tells them that the entity had begun pursuing him after a one-night stand with someone. He assures Jay that she can pass it on by having sex with someone else. Later that day, good man Greg drives Jay, Kelly, Yara, and Paul to his family's lake house. There, he . While spending time on the lakefront, the entity once again appears, and this time it has taken the form of Yara. It attacks Jay. Her friends come running and break a chair over its body, and Jay shoots it in the head. They think they have gotten rid of it, but to their horror, the thing recovers unharmed and once again attacks Jay. Now it has taken the form of a boy who lives next door to Jay. She did not have the strength to fight it again. She gets into Greg's car, drives blindly, and crashes into a cornfield. What Jay remembers next is waking up in a hospital with a broken arm. Her friends go to visit her. Something unexpected and surprising happens here at the hospital. Greg, who comes to see Jay, says that he does not believe in the existence of any such entity. Saying so, he has sex with Jay right at the hospital. Days passed after the incident. Next time Jay sees the entity in the form of Greg. Now that she had passed on the curse to Greg, it was following Greg and not her. The entity in the form of Greg itself walks towards his house, smashes a window, and enters. Jay, who has seen all this happening, tries to warn the real Greg. She telephones him, but he does not answer. Jay knows she has got to do something, so she runs to his house. She sees that the entity has changed its form again. It now looks like Greg's mother, half-naked. She knocks on his door and attacks him. Everything happens so suddenly, and stupefied, Jay watches the entity having sex with a dead Greg. She flees by car. Jay is once again in a lot of horrors. Now that the entity had killed Greg, she knew that it would go back to the person who had passed it on to him. Fully knowing that it was her, she realized it might have already begun to follow her all again. Jay decides to spend that night outdoors. She drives to a beach, and there she notices three young men on a boat. Jay gets undressed and walks into the water. In the next scene, Jay is back home. Her friend Paul is with her, and he is surprisingly ready to take the risk. Paul offers Jaime the opportunity to pass on her curse to him, but she refuses. Their group once again gets together, knowing that it was now or never. After a lot of thinking, they come up with a plan. It was to kill the evil using electric shock. Paul, Jay, Kelly, and Yara break into an indoor public pool. They plug in dozens of electrical appliances like hairdryers, televisions, toaster ovens, and more, all around the pool. They would first lure the creature into the swimming pool, keeping Jay as a bait, and then drop the electrical devices into the water to electrocute and end it. It was then time to come together for their last fight. This is where we enter into the film's thrilling and terrifying climax. Everyone and everything was set and ready. Jay waits in the swimming pool and indeed spots her enemy. To her shock, it had taken the form of someone whom she had not foreseen. It looked like her deceased father. Though it is not clearly mentioned in the movie who "it" impersonates during the climax, theories suggest that it was Jay's dead dad. Jay's distress is clearly seen on her face, and when her sister Kelly asks her what she sees, Jay replies, "I don\'t want to tell you." We can see that the entity is a middle-aged man with a beard, and we also know that it can take the form of the loved ones of its victims. It might not click to you at first, but the pictures in Jay's home have this same bearded man. So, Jay has to kill her dad. Though it is traumatic, she knows she has to fight it because she has got no choice. Her friends are all ready for action, but things don't go according to what they had planned. It seemed that the enemy had eavesdropped on their plan. Instead of entering the pool, it hurls the electrical devices into the pool. Jay was the one in the water. Some of the appliances collide with her and draw blood. While Jay was struggling with hurt and trying to stay afloat, her friends, who couldn't wait and watch their friend in the hands of death, intervene. They begin their fight. It was going to be tough and startling as they were to fight an enemy invisible to them. In the middle of all that mess, Paul fires at invisible targets where he thinks the creature is. He ends up shooting the entity but also in the process. Once shot, Kelly somehow manages to throw a sheet over its head so that it could be shot in the head. Paul hits it once again, and the entity falls into the pool. Meanwhile, Jay, who is in the pool, is still shocked by everything that was happening. As she tries to swim out, the creature grabs her and begins to pull helpless Jay underwater. Paul manages to shoot it again. That gives Jay some time to escape. As she swims away from her curse, she sees the pool turning red with blood. The creature seems to be dead and defeated. Now that they have won the war, Jay and Paul get intimate after they are home. We may think that it's all over and that Jay and Paul would have a happily ever after. But things take a dramatic turn. After their night together, Paul is seen slowly driving past prostitutes. This tells us that Paul considers the possibility of "it" coming back and following him. In the movie's last scene, Paul and Jay are walking down the road hand in hand while a shadowy something is seen slowly approaching them from behind. That's where the film ends. So, as you can see, the director has given his movie an open ending and has left it to us. Looking at its conclusion and how the film was both a critical and commercial success, one might expect a sequel of "It Follows." In an interview with Vulture, the director of the film David Robert Mitchell said that he settled on this ending so that people could make up their own stories about what it means. So, from its close, . It seems that every time Jay and Paul get intimate, they will pass on the curse to each other. "It Follows," according to critics, . The movie has an IMDb rating of 6.8 on 10, and if you are a fan of this genre, the film is a must-see. It will probably creep up on you. Subscribe to watch more videos like this. Turn on post notifications and leave alike. It really helps the channel out! Thank you for watching! 