Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen. Today\xe2\x80\x99s a movie not often talked about by fans Its the sequel to the classic weird, science fiction movie Donnie Darko This is S. Darko. This movie starts off 7 years later after the death of Donnie Darko from the first film who died after a jet engine crushed him to death. His depressed sister, Samantha, has run away from home Joining her best friend Corey on a road trip from Virginia to California when their car breaks down! They are saved by Randy who takes them to Conejo Springs where they check into a motel and meet the owner who tells them about Billy Moorcroft a boy who went missing. Strange things happen with Sam, that night. She pulls a feather from a TV and teleports to a windmill where a man sits. She tells him to save himself and that the world will end in 4 days. She takes him through a wormhole giving him time to run away before the meteor crushes him. Sam wakes up on a bench with no memory of how she got there, she is taken by a cop to the meteor\xe2\x80\x99s crash site since it\xe2\x80\x99s nearby the motel. There she learns more about Iraq Jack: a crazed war veteran who has been going on about the end of the world for several months. She reunites with Corey and Randy and we find out that Sam is a chronic sleepwalker and never remembers where she goes during her walk. Corey and Sam have lunch at a cafe where they meet Jeremy who tries to talk about the meteorite he bought. They leave and meet Pastor John who invites them to the local nondenominational church and gives Sam a flyer. But the girls aren't interesting and they leave At a junkyard, Iraq Jack is frantically gathering scrap where he meets Randy. Jack tells Randy about the so-called Princess, actually the Sam in the White Dress, who with her unlimited power saved Jack and could save Billy. Before Jack leaves he tells Randy "The world is going to end!". At Randy\xe2\x80\x99s party, Sam learns about Randy\xe2\x80\x99s missing brother who may been taken by the guy who took Billy Moorcroft. In return, Sam tells him her wish to be a dancer and that she wants to \xe2\x80\x98switch lives with someone else' their conversation ends on a sour note when makes a comment about Corey\xe2\x80\x99s promiscuous nature That night, Sam in the White Dress commands Jack to burn down the non-denominational church. And only 3 Days Remain until the End of the World. The next day, John and a cop talk in the ruins of the church where Jack\xe2\x80\x99s dogtags are found revealing his name to be Justin. Sam runs into Trudy, a god-fearing Christian who believes she\xe2\x80\x99s been chosen by God to keep the children safe from the devil and sin whose distraught over the burning of the church. As Sam leaves she runs into Jeremy who begins to show signs of radiation poisoning. We bare witness to a montage: Justin forging a bunnymask, Corey and Randy in a car, Sam walking through the town, and people looking up at the sky. At an intersection, Sam and Corey have a fight over wanting to leave Conejo, and Sam walks off in disgust after Corey mentions that Sam once tried to commit suicide. But as Sam walks away, Corey sees a boy Billy Moorcroft, gesturing to her. Corey gets out of the car and as Randy drives away he is T-Boned by another car and accidentally kills Sam. Back at the motel, a distraught Corey finds a book about time travel and a story that Sam wrote when she was young, The Last Unicorn. The story is about an invisible princess and a boy named Justin who sees hers. That same night Billy wakes Corey up and tells her the world will end. After that night, 2 more days remain until the End of the World In the next night, Billy takes her to a mineshaft where she enters a portal to the past. We got back in time with Corey to the spot where Sam and Corey have their fight. This time, Corey is nicer to Sam and this time Corey dies. Here we are again at the motel, where this time Sam finds the story about the Princess and the book on time travel Suddenly we cut to Justin wearing the bunny mask who comes face to face with Sam in the White Dress though this time she has something sticking out of her face. He asks her why he showed him this vision of Sam. The Sam in the White Dress tells him that she died to keep Justin alive, and asks him to die for her. Before she leaves, she tells him to remember the future and go to higher ground. Did you catch that? The story about the invisible Princess that can only be seen by a boy named Justin About portals that go back in time. That Iraq Jack\xe2\x80\x99s real name is Justin and that He was saved by The Princess. Taking all of this together, we know without a doubt that Sam In The White Dress is his Princess, and The Princess, as we just found out, is dead. Things are going to make sense soon but just stick with me Sam wakes up and after walking around town, sees a white dress in a shop. Jeremy\xe2\x80\x99s parents' shop Jeremy tries to comfort her and tells her about the strange metal in the meteorite when Sam sees his arm. She asks him "What\'s wrong with it?", although he brushes it off as just a rash. She leaves though after Randy comes asking for forgiveness. After which Jeremy headbutts Randy off his bike. Sam heads to the church where Pastor John takes her to a theatre where they stare into a blank movie screen having visions of "God\xe2\x80\x99s Plan". And as Trudy enters, John puts the moves on Sam giving Sam a bracelet. Thankfully nothing happens and Sam gives back his bracelet. Elsewhere, Justin waits on high ground and Sam reads the time travel book which reveals that time travellers experience strange dreams. Like this version of Sam who teleports to places. With a foreboding declaration: Here I come, time to die. It is July 3rd and we have 11 hours until the End of the World. Sam awakens at Justin\xe2\x80\x99s campsite where Justin reveals that he is the grandson of the author of the time travel book. He asks her to teach him \xe2\x80\x9chow to do it\xe2\x80\x9d though Sam doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know what that means. So, Justin shows her the bunny mask, something that according to Justin, Sam\xe2\x80\x99s \xe2\x80\x9cdream-self\xe2\x80\x9d showed him, based off a drawing that Donnie drew. He explains that Sam showed him when she was dead. She runs away to the mineshaft, where she finds Trudy\xe2\x80\x99s bracelet with it\xe2\x80\x99s key. Sh enters the mineshaft where she finds the corpses of Randy\xe2\x80\x99s brother and Billy. Back in town, the townsfolk believe Justin killed the kids. Justin comes in to the diner, begging Sam to show him \xe2\x80\x9cHow to do it, before the world ends." and he is arrested shortly after. She goes back to the motel where Jeremy invites her to see the fireworks and gives her the dress. They go to watch the fireworks when tesseracts fall through a portal from the sky. As the tesseracts fall, Jeremy\xe2\x80\x99s becomes a bit psycho and pushes Sam onto the bunny mask killing her instantly. Back in jail, Justin is approached by Sam in the White Dress who frees him. Randy finds Sam\xe2\x80\x99s corpse and takes it while Justin puts on the bunny mask. He now knows how to do it He goes back, before it all happens (He goes back in time) and waits on the windmill where meteor falls. Like Donnie Darko before him, Iraq Jack saves the town and no one knows that he did Sam decides to go home while Corey stays with Randy. As the movie ends, we see a montage of people looking up into the sky, Billy is still trapped in the mineshaft, Trudy and John\xe2\x80\x99s true crimes are never known, yet the people are at peace. So what just happened? Well like the first movie Donnie Darko, S Darko revolves around the idea of the tangential universe: another timeline of events, where things happen differently; Sam dying, Corey dying, Justin surviving. The main timeline is the one where Justin dies and saves the town but the Sam in the White Dress (The Princess from another timeline) uses her powers to save him. But the universe doesn\xe2\x80\x99t like that. So it tries to fix itself. So Justin was saved by Sam in the White Dress from another timeline, in order to get Sam (NOT in a white dress), killed So that Corey would go back in time to get herself killed to save Sam who in turn gets killed by Jeremy so that THAT Sam who just died becomes The Sam in the White Dress, who frees Justin, teaches him what he must do (to time travel) and gets him to go back in time To get himself killed. *Narrator breathes* Thank you so much, ladies and gentlemen. If you enjoyed the video leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on our latest uploads. Until next time, be careful of meteorites, okay?. 