listen, so far this is the eighth movie in the DCU. and you'll probably have a better chance finding a consistent title for this movie then figuring out which DC films are or aren't connected. we got Robert as a new Batman, which I'm pretty excited for. I think, the restarting Suicide Squad. this one, Mike's the first rated, our DC you film in theaters, and it's even produced by Margo's own company. I first started pitching the idea when we're still shooting Suicide Squad the first time for not views ago, when I pitched a r-rated go gang action film with DC characters. that was a bit of an uphill battle. and now, you know, it took a couple years to convince that sound like this. I think this is a good idea, and I think it delivered, even if WB kind of botched. let me explain. so there's no doubt that Harley was a standout of Suicide Squad. you know, nobody was a dressing up like Deadshot for Halloween. so when Margo realized that the studio would definitely reprise her role, she wanted to be in control. I I don't but I also don't want hurt. I want the character put in a situation that doesn't really behoove her. let's go. it's crazy to think that she pitched the fourth wall breaking raided our superhero film before 2016, and the studio was all like, that'll never work, you know, until it worked. it just makes these fools look like they were the ones hopping on the trend. I also remember when DC was so adamant on everything not being rated R so they could sell more tickets. and they never swore in movies before, but now their characters do. so it just makes it seem inconsistent. it's just funny seeing the studio be so anal about things while they're throwing darts at a board, hoping something sticks. so I'm glad that something like Marvel took the lead, because in Suicide Squad, there was a lot of things I couldn't actually do and say because they're their limitations when it comes to it in a rating. so we don't want to have those limitations Neverland. even allowed to show, wait what? now, how hard it is to have a realistic fight scene when, like, you punch someone in the face, but they can't, like, have flowing blood. George still has a playlist feel that Suicide Squad had. sometimes it feels like a tumblr girl's tick-tock. but I'll take Megan the stallion wrapping over a breakup, over Jared Leto's Joker standing alongside Rick Ross talking about a purple Lane on top of it. the direction actually suits the character. it space like a comic. it feels like you're going through panels. I even hit you with that. meanwhile, to replicate the comic, like nonlinear storytelling, as opposed to what Suicide Squad did, which was, um, focus on other things. Ravi was a big fan of the Charlie's Angels movies from back in the day, even basing the villain black mask off Rocco's baddie in that one. and I think I like this one because it feels like a group of pissed-off women banding together to kick ass. and that's celebrities like trying to defeat Thanos by singing. imagine. so instead of busting out the sex appeal, they busted ankle. yeah. it just give us more freedom with the violence, with the fight scenes and with the language, because these characters aren't goody two-shoes. and it actually doesn't feel truthful to to put a muscle on Halloween. so believe me when I say that her fight against censorship does not go unnoticed. she's Harley freakin Queen in the ads, but she's Holly Quinn in the movie. that's a big spoilers for the movie. if you haven't seen it, I highly recommend it. they even released it early so that you can catch in the comfort of your own home, which is really cool, considering that, you know, for others, we've left the house several, several times, and the one time they can come to us, for whatever reason, they don't. the story of Harley Quinzel begins with a cute little animation talking about her backstory, and now she was raised at a nunnery. but it does fast-forward to the events after Suicide Squad, when Joker and Harley break up. it was the closure. I needed a fresh start, a chance to be my own woman. I loved all. they didn't even bother to bring back Jared Leto because it was busy raising a call. but the only thing Harley is worshipping is back. but what a way to start my new life, with the perfect egg sandwich. LRE. I completely agree. I eat breakfast. I eat breakfast for a breakfast, lunch and dinner. so believe me when I say this hurt more than this. [Applause]. while you could argue that Harley's biggest obstacle is herself, I do think that having Roman Seon is like ripping people's faces off just to make him a valid threat. in the film, he was born into a crime family who didn't give a crap about him, so he becomes a crime lord whose main form of rent is attention. he's pretty zany with all of his run the jewel like statues in his clubs. there are moments, right that woman was gonna break out in his moulin rouge outfit. he got so used to him being really goofy, I think it was crazy. Oh, gross. oh, I've changed my mind. peel it off. Chris Messina also killed it as Victor's eyes, like I highly recommend the characters story arc from shadow of the bat. but this man brought him to life. he really leaned into the physical transformation - he literally had to dye his hair every two weeks in order to keep the platinum blonde. so I think his hair probably just fell out at the end of, at the end of the shoot for this film, Roman plays a bigger role over Harley now that Joker's gone, because his protection was the only thing stopping every other guy who had a problem with Harvey, and I mean every other guy, from coming at her. and now that she's under Roman, she has to do all of his bidding and find a diamond as she clashes with having to choose business over loyalty. me it's just business, but it seems who would know how to do both? Montoya is a detective in Gotham whose partner took all the credit for a case and became chief, while her partner partner is the DA and just undermines her all the time. and while all of the characters are going through a form of emancipation, 1/3 is the only one who isn't a villain, like she's doing this legally and still got duped. I underestimated you. Tina Lance, aka Black Canary, suppresses her super powers ever since her mother used hers to fight crime and it didn't go well. so to play it safe, she just joins them. jurnee smollett based the posture of a character off the injustice videogame, but you actually based the morals of her character after justice in the film as, yeah, peppered with that sort of everyday misogyny that women have to put up with from us. and it's a good message to put out there, to remind guys that that that's, those days are over. you know, those days are over. know that right? where do you play? obi-wan Cassandra Cain is an up-and-coming thief who aspires to be like Harley. that was funny how she she like wants the base or small, independent business of theft around her idol. sadly, she decided to deposit a diamond into herself. so now Harley really has to decide between business and loyalty, as she discovers that the Joker's notorious reach doesn't even span as far as she thought did. joke, never heard of him. sounds like a dick that said Joker still went in Academy Awards, so he really ain't going nowhere. the final person we meet is Helena Bertinelli, who goes by Huntress. her family got shot up by another gang, but was graciously spared by one of the assassins. was then raised by said assassins, only for her to become an archer who's deathly arrows maker, an assassin. she starts going down her kill list before teaming up with the birds of prey to get the final target that they're all after. I love that they just blow him up. I just found that so funny in the movie. I also loved the Scot pilgrimage mine. she was able to bring back here again, all thanks to the style of editing. and her choreography is so much better than what they did in Gemini. man, like all those extra frames for what aang thinks, the Cathy's decision to go for longer takes and not do the obsessive cutting that Studios like to do. I actually like the action. the majority of the stunts were practical and done by our actors, actually. and they trained for months and months with 8711, the stunt company that we worked with, who we're responsible for, like John wick. and I think it really helped them form their character in a way. Margo's brother is a stunt man, so, you know, must run in the family. the cast and their stunt team. we're out there doing more flips and a palpatine. they're fighting with their hair ties fighting on the heath. and said, there's a shootout in the evidence room that causes it to start raining cocaine. and Harley snorted it for a boost, like it was Popeyes spinach. and I just loved this shot right here with hunters going down the slide, cuz the cameraman was really there and got bopped. at the end, theme, for sure, in the film is emancipation. and everyone, like you said, is being emancipated from either a system, in Rosie's case, a person, in Harley's case, with the Joker. and honestly, with Black Canary, it's a combination of a few things. but honestly, what I honed in more so was this idea of her being emancipated from a state of mind. overall, I really enjoyed this movie. well, I don't think it's perfect, and I do think they botched the marketing for it. I do like that they released it out for everyone to see at home. I love the action. I love the theming and reinventing yourself and realizing at the end of the day that there's only one relationship that will never let you get breakfast so many egg sandwiches. thank you. guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. again, margles really invested in this character. like, it's really close soar, so literally. I mean, the first suicide scored, we did squad tattoos. I mean, mines on my foot right here. I also love all the other Easter eggs, like swapping her tattoos from put into pudding cups. J turns into mermaid. she believes in medicare-for-all. I also even like the old-school ones, because those of you who didn't know, she's actually not based off the comics, but the animated series. and in the beginning, her dad trades a beer for her, and the beers actually named after Paul Dini, the guy who created the stuff. her roller derby number is a reference to the year that the, you know, she premiered in the animated series. so it's pretty dope. and there's also another animated series out that's like, really rated. R I love their problem for it, because they were like, you guys know that we cover a lot of movies, and like, it's its promo, but people hate it. this was like a perfect thing that pretty much said show and spoil and everything you want. we know what promo is. so I like the ideology from the people who work on the character, like Harley Quinn. I will say that I know a lot of people are still wondering how it's going to connect. and out of all the interview research that we did, she's really good with her words, I still don't think it is. but this is what you commented on it. does this kind of continue with with he's telling you to do on the suicide squad? yeah, no, exactly. again, you get to see another side of Holley. and it's, it's kind of interesting, you keep getting to meet or at different points in their life as if a couple of years have gone by. of course, films aren't directly connected, but as an actor, I can map it out in a chronological sense. so very big. but, you know, we'll see you soon. any thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a breakfast sandwich. 