welcome to the man of recaps. this is stranger things seasons 1 &amp; 2. we're going back to the 80s in the small town of Hawkins, Indiana. our main characters are a bunch of kids, their lovable nerds playing Dungeons &amp; Dragons fighting the demagogue. in that night, on his way home, will Byers runs into some sort of monster. it follows him home and how he's disappeared. Winona Ryder is his mom. Joyce Byers, she and her older son, Jonathan, realize wills missing. chief hopper is a small-town cop. he's not used to doing any real police work, so when Joyce comes in with her missing kid, he's like, I'm sure he just ran away or whatever. Will's friends, Mike, Dustin and Lucas, go out looking for him, but they don't find will. they find a mysterious shaved head girl. she tells him her name is 11. turns out she just escaped from the Hawkins lab where they were doing experiments on her because she has psychic powers. Mike feeds her Eggo waffles, which becomes her favorite food. she eats him a few times throughout the series. she explains that bad men from the lab are chasing her. so they're in danger. and actually, she knows where we'll is. he's trapped in the upside-down, a sort of parallel dimension, the home of a monster, which they call the demagogue. in mike has an older sister named Nancy, and Will's brother, Jonathan, kind of likes her, but she started dating the cool kid, Steve. she goes to Steve's house to party, and ditches her friend barb to go hook up. so Barb's outside by herself moping, when the lights go out, and oh, she's disappeared. she's in the upside down with the demo Gorgon. oh, and it grabs her. Joyce Myers has been getting strange phone calls where she can faintly hear her son will. she thinks will is trying to communicate with her through flickering lights. so she pulls out the Christmas lights and hangs her whole house with them. turns out she's actually right. she can talk to will only ask him yes or no questions, though. so she has this brilliant idea of painting the alphabet on her wall, each with a different light. but wills not the only one here. the derma Gorgon starts coming out of the wall. chief hoppers investigation leads him to the Hawkins lab. it's supposed to be some sort of electrical plant, but he realizes quickly it's a CIA cover-up. he does some digging and finds it's run by a dr. brenner. he was accused once before of kidnapping kids and doing experiments on them. and indeed, 11 grew up in the lab with him. she knows him as Papa. so hopper thinks the Hawkins lap might've kidnapped will. but just then, wills body is found. he fell in the quarry. a tragedy, but totally normal. no conspiracy here. but something doesn't sit right with hopper. he punches his way into some information and realizes that wills body is a fake. he busts into the lab to rescue will, but wills not here. he just finds a drawing done by eleven. he enjoys tracked down Elevens mom, who originally accused Brenner of kidnapping her kid. but unfortunately, she is not all there. her sister explains that she was in the MKULTRA program, the CIA experiment, where they gave people LSD to see if they could get psychic powers. it didn't work, but she was pregnant at the time. officially she had a miscarriage, but she did have a psychic daughter that was kidnapped and raised as 11. Jonathan out looking for his brother, coincidentally got a photo of barb right before she went missing. he and Nancy check it out and hole with some sort of monster. they grab some monster hunting supplies and scope out the woods. when it's he finds a gross tunnel that leads to the upside down. the demagogue ins there, and it's scary. they barely make it out. xi can use her powers to hear will in the upside down through the radio. they sneak her into school, hoping to use the more powerful radio to talk to will, but it doesn't really work at school. Mike picks a fight with some bullies, and 11 backs him up, freezing him still and making him pee his pants. this comes back to bite him later when the police grab Mike and they're like, hey, I want you to pee your pants. he's like, what? I don't have to go right now. so they make him jump into the quarry instead. luckily, 11 saves him and floats him back over them, breaks the kids arm. she's like, yo, that's my man. leggo, my eggo. but on the way home, surveillance vans spot 11 out in the open. so they're all coming for the kids. they're running away on their bikes. at 11 pulls a reverse et. she flips the van over them, Swedes. long story short, after this, the groups all merge and filled each other in. turns out they were using eleven psychic powers to spy on the Russians. and that worked pretty well, until one day she found the demagogue in and, boom, accidentally opened the portal to the upside down. she thinks she can psychically find will if they build a sensory deprivation tank. it works. she's able to see will and know that he's still alive. so Hopper and Joyce go to the hearkens lab. it's like, hey, look, we won't say anything. just let us go into the upside down and rescue her kid. but at home, Nancy and John are like, wait a second. is it the demagogue? and still there. they figured out it's a track - blood like the Sharks who they cut themselves to lure it here. just then Steve comes by and he's like, wait a minute. what the hell is going on here? he finds out cuz the demagogue Ian's coming out of the ceiling. unfortunately, it is immune to bullets, but it's not immune to Steve's nail bat. boom. they learn it - the trap and booms, light it on fire. it looks like it was injured, but it got away in the upside-down hopper. and Joy's find will, being all cocooned, they managed to do some CPR on him, and oh, he's okay. barb, though, is totally dead. poor barb. but back at the middle school, Papa and the bad man have found them. Elevens like, oh, I'm not going back she uses her powers to blow up all their brains? no, unfortunately, using her powers makes her nose bleed and, in this case, just fully pass out. so they're captured. but wait, what's this? all the blood attracts the damaged organ. it tackles papa and eats him. he's gone. now, bullets do not stop this thing. so the kids grab their magic slingshot of demagogue and slain. Lukas attacks. oh, he rolls a two total whiff. but he's like, wait, I have a second attack. Oh, NAT - honey, critical head. no, you dummies. it's not the slingshot. it was 11. using her psychic powers, she's like, my friends, been nice knowing ya. and rips the demagoguing apart, disappearing in the process. but will survived. it's the end of The Lord of the Rings moment, a mr. Frodo. so it's mostly a happy ending, except Elevens missing and Barb is dead. and back home, will Byers has flashbacks to the upside down, and he coughs up a baby Tama Gorgon slug. he's like, yeah, I'm just gonna ignore that for now. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. this is stranger things, season 2. now, welcome back to Hawkins, Indiana. it's the 80s. so our boys are hanging out at an arcade. they're dealing with a huge crisis, as Dustin's Dig Dug score has been beaten by somebody named Mad Max. will Byers dealing with a bigger problem of having flashbacks of being back in the upside down. his mom takes him in to the Hawkins lab. they've put a nice, friendly doctor in charge. he's like, no more evil experiments. they are still a shady government agency, though, and the portal to the upside down is still in the basement. but they seem to have it pretty well contained. there's a new girl at school. her name's Maxine, Mad Max, yeah, that's her. she's really good at dig dug, so all the boys has got a huge crush on her. speaking of huge crushes, wills mom, Joyce Myers has met Sam. why's Gamgee? and they're having a thing. his name's Bob, and he's a huge dork, but a really nice guy. Jonathan and Nancy have a huge crush on each other, but they're just friends because she's still dating cool there, Steve. they have dinner with Barb's parents, who never got any answers on their daughter's mysterious disappearance. of course, we know she was eaten by a demagogue and poor barb. but her parents have hired an investigator. he'll get some answers. and he's been bothering chief hopper. he has all sorts of theories, like Russians and aliens, but he doesn't one lead that's pretty close. the mysterious buzzcut girl 11, disappeared last season after she killed the demagogue. but where has she been? she's been living with chief hopper. what. but how did this happen? well, after she killed the demagogue, and she was transported to the upside down, where she was stuck for all of five minutes till she found a portal to crawl out of. she couldn't go back to Mike's cuz the feds were there. so she lived in the woods for a while, till she found the Eggos that chief hopper had been leaving for her, and then he took her to the cabin in the woods. today is Halloween, and she wants to go trick-or-treating, but hoppers like, no, you can't go out there coz the feds are still looking for you, our boys go in as ghostbusters. of course, no one else wore costumes today. Dustin and Lucas talked to Mad Max. they lay on the charm and invite her to come trick-or-treating with them later. now, max has an older brother, Billy, and he is about as sexy as any guy from the 80s can possibly be. unfortunately, he's got serious anger issues. almost runs the guys off the road. that night, at a Halloween party, he takes over as coolest kid in school, which, of course, used to be Steve's title. so they have a feud, which starts a little bit homoerotic, and then gets a very homoerotic. Nancy is feeling guilty about barb, so she drinks herself stupid, and then kind of breaks up with Steve. ooh. Dustin found a strange thing in his trash can. it's this weird tadpole creature. he feeds it's um three musketeers. so he names a d'Artagnan, or a dart, for sure. it shows it off to the guys. but will remembers when he coughed up a little demagogue and baby slug, and he's like, oh, that's definitely what that is. it is evolving super rapidly. so Mike goes to kill it, but it escapes. Dustin finds dart before the other guys, hides him under the hat. like, nope, didn't find him. nothing to see here. will isn't the upside down again. and this time, when the shadow monster comes, he's like, I'm not afraid you. you're not real shadow monsters like, I'm very real. I'm gonna stick myself all up inside you. gross. so will is seizuring out until the shadow monster finishes with him. it's like, what's the deal? are you possessed now? he's like, no, I'm still in control, but I might be a little bit possessed. mom's like, well, you're real cold. how about a hot bath and Will's like, no, he likes it cold. oh, definitely a little possessed. well, can't really explain what's happening to him, but he's a good artist, so they figure maybe he can draw. unfortunately, it's all just scribbles. until joists realize is that they kind of connect. so they go lay them all around the house, and boom, it looks like the vines in the upside-down hoppers like, wait a minute, vines. pumpkins have vines. so he takes a big hole, and sure enough, there's tunnels all over. Hawkins being turned into the upside down. Wells like, hey, Harper's in trouble right here. but, like, who knows where that is. just then Bob comes in to hang and Joyce is like, oh, it's really not a good time. and he's a guy, that's too bad. I was just gonna play some brain teasers and puzzles and stuff. and she's like, wait, puzzles 10. you solved this he's like, huh? have I been dating a crazy person? she's like, no, no. this is just a game we play. you gotta find the X and he's like, well, that's impossible. there's no frame of reference unless that shape right there is. lovers like, wait a minute. these vines that go around the bodies of water, so I can tell exactly where we are. so they find Hopper's hole and manage to save him. the Hawkins lab guys come to and burn the whole place, but then that sends will, like, into these crazy seizure spasms. well, no, later, 11s looking through files and finds her mom. she hitchhikes over there and proves to her aunt that she is the real psychic child that's not supposed to exist. she meets her mom, but unfortunately, as we remember from last season, she's not all there. xi is trying to psychically communicate with her mom. she gets the whole backstory of how when she was born, dr. Brenner, the old bad guy from the Hawkins lab, took her away and told everyone it was a miscarriage. so Ramon went crazy, busted him there to rescue her, but she got caught. so dr. brenner gave her the electroshock therapy, booms after brain and centering this loop of the last day of her life. that's what she's mumbling this whole time. meanwhile, after her drunken confession that she doesn't love him, Nancy and Steve are broken up. so she goes and hangs with John. she's like, hey, you know what? we should do justice for barb. but of course, the feds are listening. so they go pick him up. they talk to friendly doctor who's like, look, I love justice for barb as much as anyone, but we've got this, you know, portal to another dimension down here. we can't have this getting out. you understand, I'm sure. but Nancy had a tape recorder. she recorded the whole thing. whoa. Nancy and John didn't go to see the investigator guy, who's got all sorts of crazy theories on Barb's disappearance. and she's like, hey, the truth is even crazier. so they tell him everything, and he's like, wow. I'm gonna need a drink for this. see, your story is like this vodka it's too strong. we need to water it down a little so people can digest it. they're gonna expose Hawkins lab for running dangerous experiments. nothing will leave out the alternate-dimension stuff. be like a gas leak killed barb. that's fair. so they're all celebrating. he's like, how long you two been dating in there? like, Oh, Lots. no, we're just friends. and he's like, yeah, right. well, if you're not sharing a bedroom, Jonathan, you can sleep on the pull-out couch. and and so they're gonna do that. but they both get up to sneak into each other's rooms, and these two get it on. meanwhile, Steve goes to Nancy's house to apologize, even though he did nothing wrong. turns out Dustin is already there though, looking for Mike. he's been taking care of dart until he escaped and ate his mom's cat. yeah, definitely a demagogue and baby. so he manages to lure him out and trap him in the basement. so he grabs Steve and he's like, forget the girl. we got to go kill us. and Emma bargain Dustin. and Steve turned out to be the best, most hilarious duo. in the show, Steve gives Dustin girl advice and the secret of the super cool hair. you got a moose it when it's damp, not wet. damn. now, where has Lucas been? he's dealing with Mad Max. she's super pissed that she's in the group but being excluded from all the secret conversations. so he brings max up to speed on everything with the demagogue and and the upside down. she's like, that's crazy. I don't believe you. so when he finally answers his walkie, Dustin is like, hey, come on. we're demagoguing hunting. he grabs max, he's like, I'll go prove it to you right now. anyway, they're setting endemic organ trap, but turns out Steve is caught in a trap. there's more than one demo dog that's right there, Jurassic parking him. so he bashes ones and manages to run away, get back in the bus. max gets to see one up close, and they're all gonna be eaten, but they all run off. mysteriously. see, back at the Hopkins lab, they realized the portal they thought they had contained was not contained at all. it was going down into the ground, and that's how the tunnels all got made. they're like, yeah, we gotta burn everything. but nice doctors like, hey, it might kill the kid, will, cuz he's got some sort of connection to the vines. Mike's like, hey, if you've got a shadow monster connection, maybe you can use that to tell us how to defeat him. and Will's like, oh, I can actually go to this spot. that's where the big mother brain is. so they send the troops down there, but there's nothing. wills like, I'm sorry. it's like, wait a minute. the shadow monsters controlling him, not the other way around. he's led them into a trap. that's where all the demo dogs were going. so they come down there and kill them all. and now they're coming up into the lab. now, let's be bad as a cliffhanger. well, we spend an episode following 11:00 on her adventure. in her mother's memory, she saw another girl was with her, and she uses her psychic powers to track her to Chicago. she meets up with the gang of 80s Punk caricatures led by number 8. so they decide this makes them sisters. and number eight shows that her powers aren't physical. she can do mental illusions, you know, inside people's heads. she's like, hey, 11, how strong are your powers? can you move this train? and she's like, no, no, I can't. so she goes all Star Wars Emperor and is like, Jews, y'all, anga. and sure enough, it works. Elevens real strong, pulls the Train. and she's man, I like the dark side. so it explains they've been tracking down anyone involved at the Harkins lab experiments and killing them in cold blood. Elevens like, I don't know about killing people. but then she sees they're tracking the guy that elect her brain, her mom. and she's like, yeah, let's kill this guy. so they give her a sweet dark side makeover, and she's like, bitchin and now that she's in a gang, they robbed convenience stores, and she can have as many Eggos as she wants. so they track the guy down. it's like, time to die. boom, throws him against the wall. he's like, wait, please don't kill me. I'll give up. dr. Brenner, it's like, Papa, no, I saw him get even by the demagogue. and he's like, no, he faked his death. he's alive. I'll tell you where? and she's like, I don't believe you forced choke an emperor. it's still channeling Palpatine. she's all like, do it. but 11 chooses the light side and lets him go. later, she psychically checks on her friends and sees all the trouble they're in. Elevens like, hey, thanks for the makeover, but I got to go back to my hearkens friends. so she busts out of there, leaving her sister to a cycle of hatred and revenge. now, back at the lab, demagogues attacking. it's like, they can't get through that glass. uh, yeah, they probably can. we'll still spying for the shadow monster. so they tranquilizer him and try to get out of there, but things have gone to hell real fast. two main characters hide in the security room, but the power goes out, and they need it on to open the doors. unfortunately, it's the 80s, so no one knows how to use computers, except for big nerd Bob. so he goes down there Jurassic Park style, flips the power back on and opens the doors using his super computer skills that no one else could have figured out. so they're gonna escape. nice doctor says he'll stay behind and guide them using the security cameras. the gang makes it out, but Bob's coming from the other direction, and he gets blocked by a demo dog. so he goes, hides in the closet, and it's all fine until he comes out and the broom falls, hits the ground, fly, you fool. so he runs out of there and makes it to the lobby, stops for a romantic gaze with Joyce, just long enough for a demagogue to tackle him. nah, the rest of the pack shows up, so there's no saving him, and Bob dies, poor Bob. so the whole gangs together at Will's house. they go to the Dungeons &amp; Dragons manual for answers, find the mind flayer, which, like the shadow monster, controls the minds of its minions. they figure the mind flayer is possessing all the demigods, so if they kill it, they'll all die too. unfortunately, just then the phone rings, and it's got a distinctive ringtone, so it will realizes he's at his house. so that means the demon dogs are coming. the game gears up with their weapon of choice. some look more effective than others, but when the demo dog busts in, it's already dead. what who's coming in? it's 11 new darkside outfit looking [ __ ] in. she and Mike are reunited. he's like, hey, I like you with hair. and she meets Mad Max, the newest member of the group. she's like, ho you stay away from my man. so they fill her in on the situation. she's like, hey, you know, I think I have the power. I can close the gate. but they realize a problem. if they close the portal, what we'll still possessed. he'll probably die to his moans like, oh, hell nah. it's time for an exorcism. so they're bringing will up to the cabin. my player likes it cold. let's turn up the heat. boom, blast him with everything. and the exorcism works. the shaft monster comes flying out of his mouth and dissipates into the night air. they leave babysitter, Steve, home with the kids while Hopper and Eleven go to close the portal. but there's still an army of demo dogs in the way. so mike has a plan to reenact the end of Lord of the Rings. they're gonna cause a distraction to draw out saurons forces give safe passage for Frodo and Sam, maybe Center. Steve's like, hey, no, I was charged to keep you guys safe. we're not going off on any suicide mission. but just then, Max's brother, Billy shows up. when his parents got home, they're like, where's your sister? he's like, huh? I don't know. I was having a cigarette. bicep sesh. his dad roughs him up cuz he's a huge dick too, and it's like, yo, you're gonna find your sister. so he starts at Mike's house, where he meets mrs. wheeler and has a hilariously sexually charged conversation. but that leads him to Will's house, where he confronts Steve, and it's also sexually-charged. Steve's like, dude, just just stop. it's weird. they have a little fight, but Billy's just better than Steve and everything, so he kicks his butt. but max sees the tranquilizer they were using for will, and she stabs her brother, knocks him out. she's like, hey, you're gonna be nice to me from now on, or I'm gonna nail bat your dick. she takes her brother's car and earns her nickname of Mad Max. they brought in unconscious Steve with them, so when he comes to he's like, alright, fine, suicide mission. let's do it. so when Hopper and 11 are blocked by the demo dogs, Steve throws the lighter. boom. fire lights it all up. and the demo dogs all bail to go chase after them, the boys running for their lives. but their path is blocked by a single demagogue. wait a minute, that's dart. Dustin gives him with three musketeers, and he lets them pass. aw, it's so cute. but the rest of the pack shows up, gonna eat them, except they run right by. they ignore me because 11 has made it to the portal. turns out she can actually use her psychic powers to close it. so all the demo dogs come to stop, or hop for us to shoot him off as she's going. then the mind flayer himself shows up. he's reaching out to her, but she can stop him. - boom, both hands floating in the air. bahah closes the as predicted, all the demo dogs died, and the day is saved. Hawkins lab is shut down because of the expose this guy wrote. finally, hashtag, justice for barb. then it's time for the middle school dance. Dustin embraces the way of the hair Steve has coached him on how to be a lady killer. unfortunately, Steve is super sad because he and Nancy are over. she is still with Jonathan. things are great there. and cool. Dustin busts in, ready to ask Mad Max to dance, but she picked Lukas. she likes him, and they're kind of a thing now. okay, Dustin's like, hey, no biggie. I'm gonna go ask the hottest girl in school. even will found some girl to dance with. so that just leaves a mic sad and alone. that's why you don't do long-distance relationships. but who should show up except 11, whoa the nice doctor survived it all and was like, hey, we're not gonna chase 11 anymore. here's a actual birth certificate. she can have a normal life. what a good guy. so she and Mike get to dance. they share their awkward middle school dance first kiss, and the world is a beautiful place, except, of course, in the upside down, where the mind flare is plotting revenge and that's how stranger things season two comes to an end. [Music], 