welcome back to recap cinema. today we will be recapping over a thriller movie by the name of jennifer's body, with a few twists you won't expect spoilers ahead. our story begins by introducing us to our main protagonist, a violent mental inmate who resides in a minnesota prison. her name is needy. we flashback a few months, revealing needy in high school. since childhood, she had been friends with jennifer check, a popular cheerleader, despite having little in common. one night, while with her boyfriend ship, jennifer comes to take needy to a local dangerous bar to attend a concert performed by the band low shoulder. needy was reluctant, but agreed to go anyway. whilst at the concert, a mysterious fire engulfed the bar, separating needy and jennifer. chaos ensued as concertgoers got caught up in the flames. several people were even engulfed in flames themselves, to both jennifer and needy's horror, needy manages to grab jennifer and freeze them both via the bathroom window. once free from the burning wreckage, needy lovingly tried to calm a terrified jennifer, revealing to the audience a sexual chemistry between the two friends. ignoring needy's pleas for her to stay, a still shaken, jennifer leaves with the band, leaving needy to walk home alone. a distraught needy phones chip, desperate to talk to someone about the evening's events, the fire, the band and jennifer's betrayal and leaving needy alone. suddenly, needy hears crashes and noises in the house which she is supposed to be alone in. terrified, she carefully makes her way downstairs to investigate. to her horror, jennifer appears with her hair wild, a dangerous expression and covered in blood. what frightens needy more, however, is the calm yet sinister look in jennifer's eyes taken aback. needy tries to talk to jennifer and begs her to explain what happened. however, it is pointless, as jennifer does nothing but grin, flashing her bloody teeth. jennifer casually walks to needy's fridge and stuffs her mouth with any food she can find. surprisingly, jennifer can't seem to keep the food down. and begins vomiting a black, thick substance that appears to crawl and move. needy looks on, horrified by the events transpiring in her kitchen. stumbling away, needy grabs her phone to dial for help, but her call is cut short by a crazed jennifer cornering her and whispering seductively into her ear, whilst also planting tender kisses along needy's neck, making her scared and uncomfortable. she is confused by jennifer's sudden change in behavior, and is taken aback by how risky and inappropriately she's acting. we cut to a still-traumatized niggy in class the next day. her face is pale and tired as she recounts last night's happenings before jennifer have left abruptly. as she is reminiscing on her childhood friendship with jennifer, she appears in front of her, looking bright and happy, acting completely nonchalant and as if nothing had happened the night before. a still confused needy presses jennifer for answers, but she doesn't get any. after class, we see needy walking with her boyfriend, chip, trying to explain the situation and hoping for some sort of comfort from him. we cut to jennifer strolling across a soccer pitch to the school's football captain, whom she seduces and lowers into the neighboring forest. they proceed to hook up. distracted by jennifer's beauty and bare body, the jock fails to spot her odd behavior. as she pleasures him, suddenly she pushes him back, forcefully pinning him to a tree. horrifyingly, her face transforms with tentacles bursting out of her mouth. we hear screams as jennifer disembowels and eats the captain. meanwhile, the members of low shoulder gain popularity due to their falsely rumored heroism during the fire, and offer to make a charity appearance at the school's spring formal a month later. jennifer appears sick and listless as the class teacher, mr roblewski appears to bore the students. the students all excitedly chatter about the spring formal and the fact that low shoulder is performing. several kids even donning low shoulder t-shirts. however, we see negi arguing with a fellow classmate who is spreading rumors about the supposed cannibal in town and the fire at the bar. needy proceeds to shut her down. once class has finished, the school's alternative emo kit approaches needy and jennifer, whom have been walking together, and sheepishly begins talking to jennifer. he mumbles a question, but then finds the courage to speak up and asks jennifer to the spring formal. a tired-looking jennifer agrees, to his delight, and they arrange when he will pick her up. once again, jennifer has lured a man into her grasp. and we later see colin arriving at an abandoned house. he appears unsure, but makes his way upstairs. we cut to needy and chip having sex. cutting back to the house, we see colin has found jennifer in an upstairs room with the floor covered in candles and occult looking cymbals. freaked out by the site, colin attempts to leave, but jennifer convinces him she is just interested in the occult. and so reassured, colin begins to hook up with her, as both needy and chip and jennifer and colin continue to hook up. we cut to a scared-looking needy, who envisions blood leaking from her ceiling and senses something is very wrong. it is revealed jennifer has brutally killed colin. she leaves the house in a panic, driving erratically and almost runs over jennifer, who is drenched in blood, which we know as colons. colin can be seen lying lifeless on the floor, while a dare range, jennifer feasts on him, speeding off. needy michael's at home and quietly gets into bed, remembering everything strange that had happened the past couple months. suddenly, jennifer appeared in needy's room, who was shocked to see her looking normal. before needy could question her further, jennifer leaned across her bed and the two began passionately making out. after pleading with jennifer for her to stop and explain what was going on, she relented and began to explain. jennifer explained that the knight of the fire low shoulder, who were tired of only performing in dive bars and being unknown, had taken her into the woods and offered her as a virgin sacrifice to satan in exchange for fame and fortune, which explained how they had managed to sign with a big label. and although the sacrifice and demonic exchange were a success, jennifer was not actually a virgin, so she became permanently possessed by the succubus. it is then revealed, after the sacrifice, jennifer had claimed her first victim in the international exchange student who had been walking home. his blood is what we saw jennifer covered in when she visited needy after the bar fire. horrified by what poor jennifer had been through on that fateful night, needy vowed to help fix her. the following day, needy goes to the school library's occult section and determines that jennifer is a succubus who must feed on flesh and can only be killed while she is hungry and weak. fearful jennifer will find her next feed at the spring formal needy hurries to warn chip of jennifer's cannibalistic capabilities and demonic succubus, but her police fall on deaf ears, and chip doesn't believe her, fearing he was in danger, and despite still loving him. needy broke up with chip in order to protect him and keep him away from the dance. a hurt chip, confused and angry, decides to attend the dance anyway. we then see a sad looking needy and a beautiful pink dress, ready for the ball. her demeanor, however, changes when she realizes she cannot guarantee chip will stay away from the dance. fearing this, she rushes to the ball to find him. unfortunately, the next time we see chip, he has been found by jennifer, who is eagerly kissing him. jennifer leads a unsuspecting chip to the school's abandoned pool house, in which she plans on feasting on him. after biting on him several times, leaving him bleeding and scared, chip is saved by needy jumping in and beginning to fight jennifer. needy is determined to protect chip, the love of her life, and submerges herself in the pool. chip is floating and bleeding out and residing in the abandoned pool house, in order to protect him from jennifer. chip, still injured, throws needy a can of deodorant as a weapon, as jennifer approaches the two, needy sprays the substance in jennifer's eyes in order to blind her. this does little to stop jennifer, unfortunately, who begins levitating over the couple as they huddle together in the water. whilst jennifer and anita argue, chip climbs out of the pool and grabs a discarded pool net he launches at jennifer, impaling her on the spike. and silence falls upon the three for a minute. unfortunately, as with the deodorant, the metal spike does little to stop or even kill jennifer as she slowly pulls it out. stunned needy and chip watch on as jennifer escapes through a window to flee home. chip collapses, succumbing to his injuries. and knee cradles him in her arms as she watches him die. a distraught needy lies on her bed with a blank expression that mirrors her numbness. she lovingly glances at a photo of her and chip, and anger rising from within her. we see her changing out of her soiled prom dress and into casual clothes, a determined look on her face. we cut to an unharmed jennifer lying on her bed. all of a sudden, we see needy break into her window and straddle her, a vengeful look on her face and box cutter in hand. jennifer begins to levitate with needy still on her, taunting needy and laughing at her loss. enraged, needy rips off jennifer's bff necklace that she gifted her. surprisingly hurt, jennifer crashes down on her bed, a look of sadness on her face. taking advantage of this vulnerability, needy stabs jennifer's heart with the box cutter. a dying jennifer confesses her love for needy before finally passing away. jennifer's mom then bursts in, horrified by the scene before her, horrified and not knowing what jennifer had been through, her mother cried and grabbed her lifeless body. we then cut to a hollow looking needy in solitary confinement, clearly being imprisoned for the murder of jennifer. to our horror, needy reveals a scratched shoulder, an injury she got from jennifer. and needy begins levitating, revealing her possession from the same demonic succubus that took jennifer. amazingly, using her newly acquired demonic powers, needy manages to break free of her metal cage and escape prison. with a determined glint in her eyes. walking through the forest, she comes across the knife low shoulder used to sacrifice jennifer, and rage consumes her. she walks along the highway and hitches a ride. we watch as the car drives off in the distance, and the end credits roll. as the credits roll, we are shown images of low shoulder in their success. however, the tone of the images changes drastically when we see photos of the group having been brutally murdered. in an ironic twist, we see needy's face on the cctv camera, revealing she is the one responsible for the grizzly murders, using the same knife they had used to sacrifice jennifer. did the band get what they deserved? should needy be in prison? comment your opinions below. thanks for watching. don't forget to like and subscribe. 