[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and it's the return of the batch once again, for the last time in a long time. as we are at the finale of season one. the ending has a lot to unpack from it, and it's filled with easter eggs, hidden details, things you missed, and also some hints towards what could be happening in the future. now, last week we joined our group as they returned to camino to rescue hunter, who had fallen into the crosshairs of cross air. he offered hunter a choice to either join the empire or be destroyed, but the antagonist quickly learned that the imperials aren't exactly team players. the batch returned to their home in order to rescue hunter, and they found it completely abandoned. it turned out that this was a trap set by the empire, who rained fire on the location, destroying it in one of the most impactful scenes of the season. now, shout outs to eckhart's ladder, who pointed out that it was actually clones that were pulling the trigger, which makes this even more messed up. fear not the young padawan, as season 2 was actually announced before that episode went live. so no matter what happens at the end of this, we know that we'll see batch streets back. all right. but what does happen with that ending? well, that's what we're going to be breaking down. and from here on out, it's full spoilers ahead. for one last time, i need you to smash the thumbs up button, and don't forget to subscribe, as we're going to be breaking down star wars visions throughout september and october. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into episode 16 of the bad batch. now, the episode itself is called camino lost, which, yeah, no. however, this symbolically carries a lot of meaning beyond just the location. to me, it sounds very much like a sports announcement for when a certain side loses a game. the clones are all technically cameron owens, as that's where they were created. and with their home being destroyed, camino lost. now, we open with the siren, which was first heard. so, sorry, that was, that was a bit of a reach. uh, sorry about that. now, we opened with the siren which was first heard on the death star, as the laser is powered up, this noise too, appeared in the mandalorian during the balkatan episode. and it instantly grabs your attention to let you know how much trouble they're in. the empire completely smashed the place up like you should smash that like button. and omega azy and crosshair are cut off from the batch last week. when hunter told crosshair that the empire would get rid of the clones, the latter said, not the ones that matter. clearly, no clones mattered to the empire though, as they are, of course, now in deep with project war mantle, which is completely replacing them. we can see that there are clones manning pretty much every position on the starship, except the one that matters. one actually sounds a bit heartbroken over destroying their home, but it's clear they're all still following their orders. i think this really comments to how people will often go against their best interests because someone in a position of power tells them to. and though the empire gets all of the blame for wiping out the clones, they too had a hand in their own destruction. hunter later says that blind allegiance makes you a pawn. and we can very much see how the empire manipulates everyone and everything. crosstail even blames the batch at first. and he would, of course, only consider this if he believed himself to be valuable. next we cut to az's eyes. and this close-up was the first time i noticed that they actually pulled the design across from c3po. pio was, of course, a bumbling, nervous droid, much like how az is. and it's sort of like buster. it rhymes. now we learned that ac was programmed by nola say and the cameron owens to protect the batch at all cost. and it very much speaks to how important their differing dna strand is. they manage to reunite. and we watch as tobacco city falls into the ocean. it's very impactful. and though i thought last week's ending was devastating, this one feels even worse. under the water. we catch the tunnel from last week that the batch travelled through. and the design of this was based on the one in empire that luke fell through after facing off against his father. this provides a way out for them, even if it is a bit forced, eh? because in star wars, it's not a coincidence or bad writing. it's the force. now, crosstail has a choice to either remain behind and die, or to join his brothers. conveniently, their room is still intact. and here they sort of reminisce on the past and what's come to pass. crosshair says, soldiers follow orders, which was a catch phrase muttered by the clones after their chips activated. crosses said it in episode 1 whilst arguing that they should kill saw herrera. and rekka 2 said the phrase whilst trying to kill omega. you might also remember it as being something that tub repeatedly said in the clone wars. his chip activated early, which made the clones in republic believe that he'd gone crazy. however, he was actually showing what was coming. and it was a nice bit of foreshadowing that's shown up a lot of times in the saga. they make their way through the tunnels, but the cracks and the plans start to show as the glass in it begins to split. this isn't exactly the best place to have an argument, and rekka starts saying that they still would have taken him back, which we know is true, as they're happy to work with him. now. tech seemingly defends him, but he clarifies that just because he understands that, it doesn't mean he agrees, which is something that we should definitely bear in mind when shouting our people in the comments section of youtube. now, shout out simone birman on twitter for pointing out that this glass cracking is very reminiscent to the scene in the lost world, and it very much spells danger. he's been part of my crazy gang every week. and a little bit of trivia for you, simon's from norway, and the bad batch is actually called the crazy gang in norway because of all their crazy shenanigans. now the tunnel is no longer protected, and they're attacked by a giant fish. this is one that i don't think we've encountered before, and it looks like a cross between an opc killer, a colo clawfish and the sando aqua monster, which all appeared on abu in the phantom menace. we get confirmation of our theory last week that omega is actually older than the batch. and though it was pretty obvious from what they were saying, it's nice they said it out loud, so we can give ourself a pat on the back. rare, if that ever happens. so let's let's just forget about all the things we got terribly, terribly wrong and move on and say that, heavy spoilers, he always gets it right the sum of a now we very much see that crosshair is still indoctrinated, and he believes that he'll be part of the empire and their grand plan. this speaks to his actions towards the end. and though i have no idea how he's going to get off the planet, he very much thinks that he's still one of their vips. however, hunter says that all he'll ever be is a number. and every time that the empire have referred to him in the series, it's been as his cc designation. we learned that omega was very much alone until the batch were created. and this explains why she was so enamored with them in the first place. now i haven't mentioned this in the breakdown so far, but the face tattoos the batch have are actually a nod to the new zealand moko. this is the traditional art of tattooing a sacred part of the body in order to express one's identity. the batch themselves all carry new zealand accents due to them being clones of jango fett, who was played by tamira morrison. so this is a nice little note to that, using the cloning tubes, they flow to the surface. and this has some symbolism, as they were, of course, created in these and now they're being used to save their lives. however, it's not all plain sailing. and az has to push the debris out of the way as his power supply diminishes. omega gets caught, and he pushes her to the surface before conking out. if only we had a gunk droid or something. at this point, we need your gunky. now, his death was almost one of the saddest in the season, and he gets a jack and titanic moment, which makes omega diving after him, crosshair actually saves the character, after making it seem like he was gonna shoot her. and he, of course, had orders to destroy them if they wouldn't join the empire. so this action very much shows that he switched sides again. however, he decides not to join with the batch. and they state that though they want different things, it doesn't mean that they have to be enemies. they look over the ocean and see the destruction. and this is one of the rare times that we've seen kamino in the daylight. it was actually shown in the battle of kamino like this. but as i've said, yeah, we hardly ever see it in this light. typically, it's always shown at night amongst the storms. and this changeup makes a nice emotional moment. omega says that he's still their brother, and they leave him to an uncertain future, which, again, no idea how he's going to get off this. now we cut an lsa being transported to a cloning facility. i believe that she is being transported by delta squad, who have shown up in the clone wars before, and also republic commando. the imperial scientist that arrives is wearing very similar clothing to what we saw the top heads stunning in rogue one. and they tease out what's to come. we theorize that nala says expertise in cloning would lead to creating force sensitive ones such as snoke, and, of course, palpatine. it's nice to see that palpats was already putting contingency plans in place for his defeat and potentially next season, we will see the building blocks for that. grogu was, of course, a paramount target for the empire so that they could carry out their clone experiments. and we may see things from the other side that fills in the blanks for the clone tank reveal in the mandalorian. i believe next season that crosshair will try and rejoin the empire, but at this time he'll be disenfranchised due to how they treated him in comparison to his brothers. he might even learn of the experiments and potentially try and warn the batch and also the rebels. i think we will get a lot more of nala say, too, and that the next entry will fill in the gaps between this and the sequel trilogy. this series did a great job of filling the blanks in between the prequel and original one, so that makes the most sense to me. i was actually surprised at how little things like the wreck setup didn't pay off. and i'm guessing that we'll probably see him next time. i also imagine gregor will show up, as we know he's with sid. i'm actually looking forward to seeing a little clone family forming. anyway, that season can't come fast enough. and i hope you've enjoyed us breaking down this episode too. now, as for my thoughts on the series as a whole, looking back, i can't believe how far we've come. seems like yesterday i was sitting down for that 70 minute first episode. and the show has kept me pretty entertained week to week. i think when i go back and binge watch it to catch up with whatever disney have for us in the future, that will probably skip a couple of episodes here and there that didn't really add to the overall plot. but in the end, i did enjoy it on the whole. now, this was really a season that i think showed the direction that disney should be going in the future with star wars. when they've tried to tackle the main trilogy and those involved in it, things have been, let's say, rather mixed. but when they take the unknowns, i think they work really well. that's pretty much across the board. and with this and also the mandalorian, i think the best path to travel on for the company is to just take us on a journey with characters that fans aren't already invested in. because, yeah, let's be honest, no one hates star wars more than star wars fans, following the group week to week has allowed me to get attached to these characters. so i've come to say hello to the newbies, whilst also saying goodbye to the prequel trilogy. this felt like a great closing of the book on that saga. and though i know the time period will probably return, the show has succeeded in giving us a farewell to the clone army. i do wish that crosshair and the imps had have taken a bit more of the focus, as i think the most interesting part of the story this season was watching the formation of the new galaxy and how the empire enforced their rules. i also wish that we saw more things from the clones working inside the empire that slowly realized they were being ousted, though some of the cameron owens did provide that. however, saying all that negatively, yeah, it has been a fun ride, and i hope that you've enjoyed spending 16 weeks with me breaking it all down. i would, of course, love to hear your thoughts on the show in the comments below, so let me know before you go. go. now, we are running a competition right now, and giving away three mc box sets on the 30th of august. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and also drop a comment. we picked the winners at random at the end of the month, and the ones from last month are on screen right now. so that's you. then message me on twitter at heavy spoilers if you want emails. to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of what if, episode 1, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom and pointed out all the easter eggs. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for linked to the video. i've been paul, and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 