hello everyone, and thanks for watching. movie. spoiler alerts, we're gonna be spoiling. Back to the Future, Part three, the final installment of the series. the movie opens were the previous film left off, with Marty being in the year 1955. having just discovered that doc is stuck in the year 1885. Marty finds the 1955 version of doc, and together they find the DeLorean, the one that was sent back to the year 1885, and repair it. while doing so, they discovered Doc's tombstone from 1885, sitting that he died six days after he wrote the letter to Marty, being killed by Buford Mad Dog Tannen. no, this is bifs great-grandfather. Doc's tombstone states that he was killed over a matter of $80. I know this part is a bit confusing, but I'll do my best to keep it clear. just to go over it again, the 1985 doc was sent back to the year 1885 where the DeLorean was damaged, trapping him there. doc, in the year 1885, writes Marty a letter and has it post dated to arrive at a very specific time and place in the year 1955. Marty receives the letter, and after finding out that doc his trap and the location of the DeLorean, which Marty can use to time-travel himself. Marty go is to find the 1955 version of Doc, which, remember, is 30 years younger than the doc who got sent back to the year 1885. the younger doc and Marty worked together to repair the DeLorean, and that's when they discovered that the older doc, the one who was sent to the year 1885, was murdered just a few days later. so Marty takes the repaired DeLorean back to the year 1885 to intervene with the older Doc's murder. a bit confusing, but I promise the rest of the movie is much more linear. Marty arrives in the year 1885, a few days before Doc's murder, to find hill valley has a very old West feel to it. when Marty arrives, he is right in the middle of a Native American attack. and the DeLorean gets damaged, causing it to leak fuel, making it unable to accelerate to 88 miles per hour, the speed needed for time travel. so Marty and Doc devised an alternative plan to have a train push the car up to the necessary speed of 88 miles per hour while working on the train plan, doc and Marty see a woman on a horse-drawn wagon that is traveling out of control. doc saves the woman, who is the town's schoolteacher named Clara. Clara and doc end up falling in love eventually, but it takes some time because doc is concerned what she will think or do about him being a man from the future. Marty also meets his Irish relatives that he has descended from. they look exactly like him on the whole. they add very little to the story. Marty, doc, Clara and Marty's family all go into the town's festival, where, after a series of events, Marty, yet again, gets into a fight with a Tannen, this time being Mad Dog Tannen, the man who is supposed to kill doc. the sheriff breaks up their fight, so Mad Dog decides to postpone the duel. Marty and Mad Dog end up having their duel, which Marty wins. Mad Dog ends up in a pile of manure and is arrested for an earlier robbery. I didn't go into a great deal of detail in my other summaries of these movies about this, but there are many repeating motifs between the different versions of these characters, such as Marty waking up to his mother, Biff getting arrested and or landing and manure, Marty getting angry and being called chicken, and many, many, many others. really, they aren't that important to the story, but it's an interesting element that they carry throughout the films. after defeating Mad Dog, Marty, doc and Clara begin the train plan following a series of events, only Marty takes off in the DeLorean to the year 1985, leaving doc and Clara in the year 1885. the DeLorean is destroyed when it arrives. however, Marty returns to his girlfriend, Jennifer, who, mind you, has been unconscious since the second film, who is now starting to wake up. Marty and Jennifer go back to the wreckage of the DeLorean, when Doc appears in a train that has been fitted with a flux capacitor, making it a locomotive time machine. doc is accompanied by Clara, among with their two children. the film ends with doc and his family taking off in the locomotive, which flies away and into another time. well, that was the summary for the last and final Back to the Future movie. if you haven't checked out the other parts please look at my other summaries. if you have a movie that you'd like me to spoil, please let me know in the comments. and please remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 