hello everyone. this is mr brink junkie here. and today we're going to be talking about a science fiction film called upgrade. be ready for some spoilers ahead. the main character, gray, is an old school mechanic who dislikes modern technologies. he's working on a muscle car for his high value client. he takes a break in the front yard and awaits his wife's return. she's clearly the opposite of her husband, as she owns a self-driving car. they have great chemistry, nonetheless, as they share a kiss. for her return. their house is fully automated, which her husband dislikes and continuously makes fun of. gray needs to return the car he fixed to his customer, and offers his wife to come together. he says that she would be impressed by the house his customer lives in. personally, i would be a little uncomfortable bringing my wife to meet some rich, impressive men. they arrive at the location, and she jokes about his customer living behind the rock. they walk down into a cave-like structure and meets aaron. the wife recognizes him immediately as the company owner of vessel, a pioneer in artificial intelligence. the wife also works in a competing company named cobalt, specializing in augmenting wounded soldiers. aaron says that cobalt will never compete with his company, and he shows them his newest product, a computer chip that can do almost everything better than a human can. later that night, gray and his wife goes home in their self-driving car. they begin doing the fun stuff, taking advantage of their automatic car. grace soon realizes that they are going in the wrong direction and tries to stop, but the system shows an error and proceeds to accelerate. they flip and crashes into the nearby structure. a group of men with face coverings shows up and drags both of them out. the leader grabs the wife to the side and reveals his face. not concerned about the nearby police drones, he criticizes her for looking down on his kind and shoots her in the chest in front of her husband. gray screams in agony, but is pinned to the floor. the leader comes and shoots him in the neck. he cries while seeing his wife draw her last breath. three months later, gray is now a quadriplegic and lives a miserable life. everything in his house is automated for his convenience. although the machines can take care of him, his mother chooses to remain by his side. she tries her best to comfort him as he cries in her arms. gray visits the police station and meets detective cortez. she tells him that they haven't found the criminals yet. gray becomes angry and mocks their incompetence, even with all the drones that the police have. but she replies that the criminals can also use technology to block out their faces. she wants great to help, but he replies that he can't even stand up. gray is deeply depressed and tries to commit suicide that night by telling the machine to overdose him with sleeping pills. it fails to kill him, and he ends up in the hospital. as grace sits on his hospital bed, he gets a surprise visit from aaron. he offers gray a chance to walk again via an experimental operation using the latest technology in the microchip that he showed gray earlier. gray begrudgingly agrees. they operate on gray's neck and implants the trip into his nerve system. the doctor tells gray to not expect miracles right away, as it can be a slow process. however, he begins getting control over his arms very quickly, and eventually stands up to the amazement of everyone in the room. aaron makes grace, sign a confidentiality agreement and tests out his abilities on the trip mail. gray receives a package of evidence from detective cortez and begins reviewing them. as he looks onto the tv screen, he hears a voice in his head. gray asks who it is, and the voice replies that he is stem, the artificial intelligence that was implanted into his neck. stan points out some details in the footage which he noticed, such as the criminal leader who shot his wife with a gun implanted in his hand, suggesting he's enhanced. stem also recognized the tattoo on one of the man's wrists and draws it out using gray's hands. they're able to identify the person, and grey decides to pay him a visit. he breaks into the man's house and looks through his messages. nothing important can be found, except the location called old bones. he hears the door open, and stem tells him to hide behind the closet. the stranger walks in and notices something wrong. stan tells him to strike now with the element of surprise. but grey hesitates. the man turns around and slams grey onto the floor. he asks who grey is, and grey replies that they killed his wife. right before grey is about to get killed, stem tells grey to allow him to take control. he agrees, and stem is able to turn the tide right away. grey fights robotically, but with great efficiency. he pushes the man into the kitchen and smashes his head with plates and dishes. he grabs the knife from the man and splits his head open in a brutal fashion. shocked about his murder, great panics and doesn't know what to do next. stem advises him to clean up all the fingerprints, as he has made a record of all of them at the police station. detective cortez seized the autopsy of the dead body. he was an ex-soldier with significant cybernetic enhancements from the tech company cobalt. she looks through the drone footage and finds grey arriving at the crime scene moments before the murder. she tries to enter his name as a potential suspect, but the system rejects her due to his medical status. aaron meets grey again, and he criticizes grey's actions. aaron is fully aware of his whereabouts and reminds him of the risks of being arrested. if that happens, he will go back to his wheelchair. once again, detective cortez pays a visit to gray on the pretense of buying his car. she interrogates him on the murder, which makes grey extremely nervous, but stan was able to guide him to avoid making any mistakes. grey goes to the bar mentioned before as old bones, and calls out anyone who knows about the murder of his wife. everyone laughs at him, except for one man, who pushes him to the bathroom behind the restaurant. he tries to interrogate the main character by stabbing his legs, then his torsos, but receives no reaction. until he gets to the face. grey wants him to admit his involvement that night, which the man does with a smile. he then tells stem to take over and proceeds to beat everyone very quickly. the man pushes grey onto a wall, but he electrocutes him with the hanging wires. he interrogates the man for their leader's name and tries to use the knife, but couldn't. he tells them to take over, and he cuts the man everywhere. he tells grey that the man who hired him is called fisk. stem tells great that aaron has found their location and is shutting them down. they need to find a hacker to override the system. he tells grade the necessary codes, which he rides down on his arm. they rush to a building and meets the hacker in a room where many people are playing vr. gray asks why anyone would choose vr over the real thing, which the hacker responds that it's less painful. he rewrites the code for stem and removes its restrictions. fisk arrives at the building, and the hacker leaves grey still paralyzed on the floor. fisk and his buddy walks towards grey, but stan recovers just in time. he runs away from the gunfire onto the rooftop. while fisk's man chases him, grace stops and waits for him to get closer and disposes him very quickly by shooting him with his own arm. greg gets home only to see his mother waiting there. she's shocked at how he can still walk, and wants to know where all the blood came from. gray tells her everything and warns her about his confidentiality. she wants him to move on and start living, but grey only has revenge on his mind. detective cortez visits grey, to his surprise, and questions him about the new murders which he was seeing present. again, he rebuts her suspicion, but cortez secretly places an analog voice recorder in his pocket. grey tells stem that they must stop because they will get caught. but stam is able to take control of his body without the input guards. he gets up and leaves the house to find fisk and eliminate him. detective cortez hurt their conversation and follows them behind. stem is unable to disable her car because it's not electronic. after a series of car chase, stan hacks into another car and causes cortez to crash. she goes back to grace mother and asks her to explain everything. grey finds fisk in his apartment and points a gun at him. fisk says that he did great a favor by turning him into a cyborg, as he's now more powerful than ever before. grey just wants to know why he killed his wife. fisks explains his wife was never the objective, and he was paid to sever grey's spine. he only killed the wife mostly for pleasure. this angers grey, and they get into a fist fight. they're quite evenly matched, and grey is able to disable the nanobots attack, but fisk eventually gets the upper hand and points his gun hand at grey. stem tells him that they are out of options, and grey must improvise. now, he makes the connection that his first murder was fisk's brother by their last name, and insults his brother's honor. this causes fisks to get emotional and loses his upper hand, which grey takes advantage of and kills him swiftly. he looks through fisk's messages and finds his conversation with aaron, suggesting that it was aaron who hired them in the first place. he heads towards aaron's house. immediately, gray finds aaron sitting with a horrific expression. he demands to know why aaron did all this to him, which aaron denies, being responsible. detective cortez shows up and points her gun at gray, but is quickly dispatched by stem. he continues to kill her, but grey refuses and momentarily regains control. he tells cortes to use the taser, which disables stem for a brief moment. aaron points the gun at grey and explains that stem was responsible for the whole thing. in fact, aaron no longer controlled the company a long time ago, and he became a puppet. stem's objective is to become human, so he needed a body to control. grey jumps up suddenly and kills aaron with the knife in his hand. he points the gun at cortez, but grey refuses and maneuvers the gun to point at himself. suddenly, gray appears in the hospital with his motor functions intact. he sees his girlfriend walking towards him and holds his hand. she tells him that he was out for many days, but this is only a dream which stem has trapped grace mind in. stem is now in full control, and he shoots cortez in the chest, killing her. he pulls out the knife in his hand and exits the house. so what do you guys think about this movie? let me know in the comments below. and if you like my video, please press like and subscribe for more i'll see you guys next time. 