welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with the explosive finale of stranger things three turning the Netflix show upside down, it's time to look to the future. but what we could have coming down the line? throughout this video, I'll be giving my thoughts on what could happen in season four of stranger things, and giving the evidence to support my theories. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen season three of stranger things, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my stranger things season four predictions. okay, so first things first, it's a pretty safe assumption to make that stranger things fall will take place during Christmas 1986. the show is centered around holidays for the past two seasons, with this becoming somewhat of a motif, with Halloween and Independence Day both playing into the show massively. Christmas is paid lip-service in the finale by Mike is being the next time the characters will meet. so I can definitely see this not only being the time at the show will be set during, but also be the time when Netflix releases it worldwide. what else is so notable about 1986 is that it's also the year that the infamous Chernobyl disaster happened. with Russia now playing such a big part in the show, it makes sense that this would be included. and it could be linked back to their experiments or the upside down that we've confirmed throughout the series. as the villains are once again shown in the post-credits scene and are possessing a demo Gorgon, it makes sense for them to return. is the big bad for the show. and perhaps we will discover in season for that Chernobyl was an accident involving the country using a weapon to create a tear. in reality. this too ties into the next prediction, which is that the American and the other cell in the post-credits scene will be revealed to be hopper. I've already done a full video breaking down all of the evidence to support this, which you should definitely check out if you want to know more. but the main points of that hopper eyes of the tear before the machine explodes. he isn't on the platform when it's destroyed. and Russian Arne refers to hopper as the American on several occasions. the music at the end of the season is also the piece that was used when the fake will was found in season one. so it makes sense that things on what they seem. David Harbor, who plays the character, is also sporting a big beard right now. so this could either because he's been locked in a cell for so long, or he's making cameo as Santa Claus. anyway, as 11 no longer has a powers at the end of season 3, it's a safe bet to assume that she hasn't been able to look for him and find the character due to her inability to track. however, I do think that 11 will get her powers back after coming into contact with the people who possessed the same ability as her. this was a strong motif of season 2, and I can definitely see it returning so that L is able to rebuild his psychic abilities. she'll need all the help she can get if she's to find hopper and fight the Russians. I can definitely see her teaming up with more psychics to take them head-on. another villain could come in the form of will. whilst I seem to be the only one. with this theory, I think would be cool to see the character finally taken over by the dark forces that have had their eyes on him since season 1. and season 4 could center around the group trying to pull him back to the light side, as they managed to do with Billy. and the close of the current Ronin, Will has slowly been distancing himself from his friends, with his interest no longer aligning with theirs. and I think the fact that he now lives away from them will drive a bigger wedge that will eventually make him better about all the things that he's gone through, and allow the dark forces of the upside down to finally take control of him. this is by far the most dramatic villain that they could have, and the stakes would really rise by making will a target. the final prediction, I don't think, will come in season 4, but rather season balls set it up for season 5, and that is the death of 11. the season 4, her powers are going to be pretty weakened, and if she has to use them, she will no doubt overpower herself. and season one, something similar happened with 11, with the character almost dying due to everything becoming too much for her during an interview with Esquire co-creator Ross defer, when discussing this, said 11 was going to sacrifice herself to save the day. that was always the endgame, which to me, cements that eventually, at some point L will succumb to having to use her powers. they obviously weren't going to kill her off in season 1, as they're not Game of Thrones. however, this comment does highlight that down the line, planning for her death, I can see this being a huge way to end the show once and for all. and whilst there is extremely tragic, it also ensures that stranger things goes out with a bang. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on these predictions. and if you agree with them or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of everything you need to know about the upside-down. would you be linked at the end? it covers all the things we know so far about the dark realm, and it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers and game to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on stranger things 3 in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped down from the end. whoever gets the prize, best of luck to everyone who takes part, and I'll see you next time. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 