[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're going to do another podcast, and today we're talking about Kingsman, the Secret Service, a film from 2014. and first we're going to introduce the panel and then do a quick little update, and then we'll jump right back into the movie. so first and foremost, I've been the host of movie spoiler alerts. and you're just going to go around the table, start with you. sure. hi. I'm Zack. I'm Ben's cousin. and just to clarify, is a king's men or Kings man? I think it's Eggman, right? I think it's men. but a stealth a man. I think it's a British thing. okay, so for clarifying. okay, I'm back in it. thanks for having me. I'm Alex. co-host, Euler, I'm Dylan. so I know it's been almost a year since I've done a podcast. I graduated college after being in college for seven years, and I moved to a new place, so that's why this looks a lot different than my old, gross bedroom. and I got my, you know, Big Boy job now. and now I'm living with my co-host as well as our two dogs, who may make their appearance on this podcast, barking in the background. and we're trying a new format for doing the podcast, so hopefully this works well. I probably still will be doing some via Skype conversations with Jeremiah and Mark, for those of you that enjoy those as well. as I'm going to try to start doing a few more me with the camera in an appropriate manner. um, just doing some quick conversations about, I thought that was a funny joke. um, doing just some quick discussions that really don't need to get a big panel going. so we just finished watching Kingsman, so we're going to go over the plot, and, you know, we'll go through the plot, and as you guys feel fit, if you want to comment or point out something that you notice, feel free to jump in. and then we'll start breaking down the film as a whole. so the film opens in the Middle East in 1997, where we see a group of secret agents holding some guy in there, interrogating him. and we see that an agent ends up sacrificing himself, ends up dying. and so a agent who's also heard the same squad, named Harry Hart. he's also known as Galla hand. all the agents are code named after the knights of the round table. Dillon point out, I didn't notice that. I find it ironic, first and foremost, that we are sitting at a square table. yeah. Mel right. so big round tables, yeah. so it's nothing alike. it's not even at all. so anyway, so the so we see this agent who was with this guy who sacrificed himself by literally jumping on top of her, her name. he goes to the widowed wife and gives her this medal that essentially, it has a phone number on the back that they say, hey, if you call this phone number, we'll make sure we help you at a time to me. and she's pretty distraught, so she just kind of brushes it off, and they end up giving it to the son, maybe like two or three at the time. and his name is Gary, but he, throughout the film goes by Eggman, which I think we all have comments on that name, but we'll talk about that in bed. so the film transitions is 17 years later, and now we're in some mountain, mountain ridge, some cabin. and apparently some professor has been kidnapped. here's Argentina with every one of their in some mountain range in arguments. okay, think that was right. cool. so there it. so there this professors been kidnapped, and he's been at the time when it starts, you don't know who kidnapped him. and one of these other secret agents appears, and the secret agent dispatches all of the guards who are guarding this professor who's been kidnapped, until this one girl comes out, and who's her name is, gives up, right? yeah. okay. so she gazelle is, you know, or, you know, with any henchman of a villain in these types of films, they always have to have some stick stick. there we go. that's the word man. and her stick is, she doesn't have anything below her leg. she is, she's got a prosthetics that are essentially like swords. and she ends up killing the secret agent by literally cutting him in half with an axe kick. for you medical junkies out there, exactly transit tibial amputations bilaterally. there you go on that. that's the physical therapist. you know, just one month, put my tears, I shine again. so then the essentially what it is is just the spite. the whole point of the scene is that the spy agency discovered that this guy has been kidnapped. however, when they go to investigating, investigate is kidnapping, he's back at college and he's working. so they're really confused, because they send a secret agent to save this guy, but then the next day he's back where he should be. and so they're very confused by this whole thing. and it all seems to be related to this billionaire named Valentine Moises. Valentine was black, Nunez, the only they ever heard him, played by Samuel Jackson. and for some reason, this billionaire seems to be finding all these influential, rich people and trying to get them to come to his side, or not certain why. and so the film then transitions back to now we're with the son, eggsy. his dad had died, and now he is kind of a ruffian, his hood wound, or whatever the british turn. and, you know, his mom is dating a pretty abusive guy, and he's in a pretty bad situation. so now the he's trying, he doesn't know really quite what to do. the end up getting arrested. and while he's arrested, he's facing possibly, you know, two, three years in jail. he ends up using the metal that he was given 17 years ago, to call this phone number, and instantly he's released from jail. and that's when eggsy meets again. now, 17 years later, into a convoluted process, Harry ends up getting eggsy to try out to be part of the secret agency. and that's when he introduces them to what the secret agency is, which is called the Kaizen. and apparently it was a group of tailors that were very rich, and instead of just holding on to their money and doing nothing with it, they decided to form this independent secret agency that can do secret agent type stuff. they don't really go to in depth what their exact goal, their mission statement is, but they just want to help the world. so eggsy starts essentially the application process, which is him going through, you know, training. he's competing against other applicants. and, you know, one by one, other people are eliminated. you know, everybody comes from a better background and they're educated and they're more handsome and they're more strong. but because eggsy's the rough, tough, poor kid, you know, fights his way through. and eventually it gets towards the end of the film, or towards the end of the application process, and that's now down to two people. one is a girl named Roxy, and the other one is a eggsy. and so the film kind of pauses there. and while they're doing this whole, you know, training montage, if you will, with eggsy, they're showing what's going on with Valentine. and essentially what it's revealed that Valentine is recruiting all of these people to join his cause. and essentially what if you find out his cause, is that he believes that the human race is a virus and that the earth is the house. so essentially, humans have infected the earth, and the earth is causing global warming in order to try to kill all of the human race. and so what Valentine believes is that if we eliminate a large portion of the human population, we'll stop harming the earth. and by stop harming Dorothy, Earth will stop trying to eliminate them. so from Valentine's perspective, he thinks he's saving the human race. to everyone else, it seems like he's trying to destroy the human race. because what Valentine's whole process is he has found some neurological wave. and essentially what it is, it's like an audio file that's played off of your cell phone, which a little ridiculous. but essentially, when people hear it, they go apeshit, and they just try to murder each other. and there that's all comes to a head in a scene where while Harry, the agent, you know, who found eggsy, and the omentum is kid madam is adult, Harry goes to a, like, a hate church in and talk to me when he's like, Westboro, like, I hate everybody every day in blah, blah, blah. and he's inside this church, and this neurological code is released. and the way that Valentine releases it is ease released something that essentially allows him to have access to everyone's phones through a free sim card he gave out. so he ends up releasing this code, in releasing this neurological signal, and everyone in the churches was crazy and murders everybody. which I guess we should pause there, because what you guys think of that single including Harry, right? yeah, including Harry. so everybody in the church is killing each other, including Harry, who is a trained assassin. so, you know, mayhem takes place. so what did you guys think of that thing? well, I think like it really you didn't really know at first that Harry was affected. he thought that it was just the people who had the phones. you know, that's kind of what I gathered from it. it seemed like you wanted him to just be defending himself with any kept calling and yelling, going and going. so they kind of became apparent that those signals from those phones were a lot stronger then you have thought. see, in the I don't, I've seen this film twice, I believe, Zach, it's your first time and doing second time, second time in Alex. okay. the point that you someone have planted out was very comparable to John Wes or just like, yeah, everyone's being brutally, brutally murdered. I've really worried for the old, very good scenes. yeah, probably in my infesting from the movie. and I thought about this movie even before we seen it once, before I seen it the second time, was the first thing I thought of my father movie again, was or, yeah, things that church scene in it, like, there's a very, that's the first thing that that I thought of when I thought was gonna be again. so, and I thought that it was was obviously lost his mind, because the first thing he did was he shot the lady in head exactly before they made a point, right? now, his umbrella was, I'm stumped, like they should be zoomed in on him. well, I was on stuff. he showed me the other guy in the head with the, with the stun umbrella. yeah. now he just shoots this random lady and head to well, before he was violent, but not enough to kill someone. yeah. and that was, there was something that, because at this, up to this point in the movie, you did totally know, with this neurological code, was going to do. you did something. and they had mentioned something about aggression in the background, but that was the thing with it, was until it, the thing is, is he's trying to leave the church, and essentially they're in the middle of the sermon, this big hate sermon, and he makes a comment to a woman that he's trying to leave, who won't let her leave, and she tries to stop him. and this whole scene breaks out when he, I mean, she's like yelling at him, but he's, you know, not being violent. he turns around, pulled out a gun and just blows her away. and that's when the whole scene, right? breaks out. so that's why he's me. it was a for me when I thought the first time, it shocked me, because I was like, wait, what? because I could understand, I was like, wow, that was a big overreaction. but then when I realized everybody was joining me, I was like, well, it would started standing up when he was turned into general. well, if you saw, like, if you, you know, when they were doing some of the briefings in the community, in office, they talked about different in certain games. so they kind of led into this idea. it seemed like there was something being tested on these more socially outcast in groups of people who are kind of frowned upon in society. and in our case, it's kind of those extremists Church kind of societies that preach all these hate and whatnot. so it almost was tested on what they would deem to be a very disposable group of people. I'm quoting that because I don't that, but, you know, it's just, uh, you know, it kind of came to a head once they, the villain picked a group that she really didn't like and care about exactly, you know, mm-hmm. the first ones ago, you he got, that's a good test group. yeah, yeah, that's just a crab bill. anyway. I mean, he, he was a very self-righteous villain in the sense that he found morality in what he was doing. he didn't recognize he found that he was doing stuff in a very, like, confit anism way, like he was doing it for the greater good. and that was, that his ends justified his mean, as opposed to thinking that, you know, he wasn't doing it just because he need, well, he is evil, but his, his morality is warped in the sense that he believed what he was doing was necessary. could a, he's eliminating a group of people that, in his view, at the very least, was not a group of the society in any way. and, you know, by making sure, yeah, this thing works, now he can, you know, use it on a larger scale, and it justifies what he's doing, because he thinks he's actually helping a human race him. yes. so, you know, it's funny, because you got, you know, he had his coercive. it basically took Mike Tyson's, you know, list and put it into this character. yes. he gave him just the most obnoxious hat pop. okay, no, I ever understood that. I thought Mike Tyson list, but there was nothing he does, sometimes he hadn't, sometimes he did it. yeah, I gotta do you think I just felt like I was watching a music video every time I saw him in a scene. I what, I feel like it is there to make him quirky somewhat. yeah, all the anime found us. I don't know, oil factory produce this film. I can see allude to it early on about him, that he has an aversion to blood. anyways, yeah, no, yeah, very first scene, when that that, then spy gets gazelle. oath of yeah. / gazelle, she's starting, I'm naughty. cover exactly. I don't want say I want to see it. so they try to mitigate is just sense of ruthlessness. I mean, the one thing I wonder, and there is a lot of this in the film, hidden in there. so what I wonder is, because though this is through Fox, it is was made by Mar which are all making jokes about the production title, but Marv is actually a British company. so I'm wondering if it's a joke on such as James Bond, or James Bond, I believe, is made by MGM, which is an American suit wall so we always, you know, it was a lot of our spy films, we always make the battle Camus originated is dictated very posh British accent. hmm. so I wonder if it's almost, because there's a lot of it, whether it's completely intentional or not, there's a lot of jokes in the movie that seem to be almost just slightly like, Americans are stupid. yeah. our Americans are, is, all of them. and so what I'm wondering is, if the list is almost like an attack at how we always give them a British accent. they're going to use an American, and they're going to give them a list to make him a little bit more eccentric, just like we sure try to make it that more eccentric by always making them British with this big fancies, you know, I'm smarter than you access a little Donnie like, oh, sorry. go for it. they directly mentioned James Bond, yeah. so let's, it's right away we think of his British accent, going, yeah, the top hat. and even as at at one point, same thing, you know. and he, he, he says to Giselle later on, he says, he says, no they're not, I can't, I can't handle blood. so then I'm not the one to kill them. yeah, they kill each other. yeah, we echo. it's like the whole, I didn't pull the trigger, yeah, and I didn't make, you know. and it's funny because, you know, having been to the UK, you know, we always through the same accent over there's people like, we have like one kind of guilt to accent. there's of Americans, is always a southern accent. yeah, I'm from America, like, they just, like, that's, it's just funny. so maybe that's kind of portrayed in the movie. and I guess, I guess another element to build on that is, like, because now, not to delve in that this whole Derby is intended to just make fun of Americans, but another thing is, there's a scene where Harry, when Harry's before this church scene, while Harry's investigating what Valentine is actually doing, he goes to his house and they have a personal dinner together. and this big silver tray comes out. and you're expecting it to be like, at first, because it's surf and turf, library, watching the movie, I don't even remember what it was. so I was expecting it to be like someone's head and Muse, like, I got you. oh. but but then you're like, okay, well, maybe it's some really fancy dinner. but then it's revealed, it's McDonald's. and so once again, it could be a slight saying like, oh, two Americans, McDonald's is a fancy maybe that's reading too much into it, but I'm just noticing more and more the jokes about American but we're in the film. there's a couple at the end that I'll touch they picked up on as well. they, I think, are just the kind of mocks like the the American stereotype, which, again, I think they did it in a subtle way. I don't know point did I feel offended or anything like that. it was just, if, now that you bring it up, it is kind of funny that there are some lights. again, there's, I guess there's more than I thought about. so enter. so I back to so specifically, the church scene. I really like the fight choreography on that scene, like Alex was saying, and it just was very well done. seeing it probably was the highlight of the film. I mean, if you're not going to actually watch a movie, if you're just going to do this summary at the very least try to find that scene that yeah, I mean, it was very well done. I wasn't, I wish was shot slightly different because I didn't like the changes in speed that they were doing with the tiny. but you didn't like that, just how they did it. it wasn't my I thought, that's kind of cool. but I think you guys did like it. yeah, it almost feel like there was like a GoPro on them. they've been kind of what I like. I felt like it was almost like it was like first-person perspective, like zoomed in, zoomed out, kind of, you never really got used to the pacing of the fighting, so it kind of just had you on edge, which I think, for me had a pretty solid effect, rather than just having it from this like zoomed out perspective, just watching everyone brawl. it was really like in-your-face and one just gunfire either. I mean, they're taking posts from the Pew, beating the snot out of each other. so, Alex, did you pick up anything specific matter? I like the technology though. yeah, I like the clothes. hand-to-hand combat, that Island every I like that. others a thing that hours refer to in daredevil, that summer, the scene that I that, mean, you really like the show, and it's a closed unit hand combat in a tight hallway forward. and, uh, there's a that, can't even remember a position. I think it's the burst of the second, because every single person you said talks about that show says, watch that. yes, fantastic scene. and that's delicious for me, handing at close Hanahan cava, is where really liked it. so they definitely captured that. yes, I know that. whoa. they got that. the the element I appreciated the most was, though, the speed just I wasn't crazy about. but what I liked was, what I liked about good flight choreography, like, I've been watching a lot of into the Badlands, which, personally, I don't think the stories that great, but the fight choreography spawn point. and it's the same reason that this was good. and it's the same reason I thought the daredevil soon as good as when you see a character come into the shot, I don't feel like they've been just like this, and exactly like a video game. why? all right, know what? every single time, an hour, yeah, every single time a character came in, you felt like they were already fighting somebody off camera, like they were taking a knife like this, and now they're in the shot. and like, the guy like puts his hands, like, the guy who we care about, who always sees his head, and this nice. now on the shot, he's like finishing the move. and like, it just, it felt like there were actually small fights going on behind them, as opposed to them just going to like a, Where's Waldo? I mean, we they're just so yes, going on at one so it's like, for a good portion if I was actually trying to watch people behind them, just to see, and then I could see them actually, later on, coming into the frame, actually into the fight, which that's what I really appreciate. I did find it funny, just physics behind it. I mean, sure, its choreography, so what can you do? but, like, it seemed like people were flying just a little too alright? like people, it look like they were being course, pushed, yeah. you know, all like they're like flying at least like a dozen feet on a couple occasions. I'm like, I just don't know if the body can move that. there's no there is a little bit of the commune about my mom, like, you know, like, so there's a little bit of that goal. and again, it answered like, this was going to church, like, you can kind of forget that at one point. Lee, and when what, these are laws or exactly, like, you just being full-on slaughtering in a church, and just like, oh gosh, this is so brutal, you know. and then it's just all, just the choreography really, really good. many other thoughts on that team, just because I was kind of a pentacle bit up its. Joanie, well, they seem to have a lot of nice that church here, a lot of knives without a gun, which which I, like, I said while we were watching it, but one thing I did, when it was in Kentucky, which I guess, I don't know what Kentucky's gone, and concealed weapon balls on, not everybody, necessarily, but here in a hate church, but they may have been a little more Pro conceal carrying of at least knives. because if he, I heard there was a ton of not just nice, not just hunting, nice, like Jesus, these are like K bar like, I thought, it's all I really, I thought I saw one big one with this friggin machete. my Iraq. yeah, there was like seven demographic. I mean, I guess the church was all wood, and maybe it just had really shitty, like, fire safety Sanders. so they're like, you know, what to appease the fire marshal, going to have 95 fire axes around, just in case they, they kept to, you know, like the classic cinnamon effect to or the the main villain, I think, in this case, was the preacher. you know, you seen him fall with my fake in his head, and there's always falls further. okay, it really that was him. no, yeah, here's one preaching it when you are like, oh, you know, nice little mosh. yeah. so it was the Kingsmen against the preacher. yeah. awesome. [Music]. so with this whole scene, while this is all going on, the king's men, all, all them were glasses. apparently, all of them, like, as soon as they become king, soon to get punched really hard in the eye, and now they all have 2040 visions. yeah. now they got to start wearing glasses. yeah. but the had, like, a, but advertising, like, it was visible less. it's gotta, it's got the, you know, like the Google glass type thing. and so essentially, while this is all occurring, we see eggsy is watching this whole fight, and at the same time, so is arthur, who is the leader of the kings, and young gazelle, and, and, oh yeah. and Merlin was watching him too in Vail. I mean, and, yeah, and Valentine and multi-storey, not question. but he wasn't watching it through the glass because he hated my correct. they were just watching the fiber Lamar, yeah. so while it so they were all watching this fight. so now that the whole Kingsman organization knows what Valentine's plans like, everybody understands like, okay, it's going to release this thing. he's going to murder everybody. and we just watched Harry participate in this slaughter fest. and essentially Harry comes out sort of the winner of the fall. and he's shamming there as everyone is dead. and now, like, the the neurological thing is stopped, and he just realizes, like he's in a sea of dead bottoms, ya know, 60 people in that church at least. yeah. so the so from this point, he walks outside, and now he's greeted by Valentine gazelle as well as two random henchmen that have no purpose or line. and they talked, exchanged some silly words, and eventually Harry shoots them in the face. herb, sorry, rather, Valentine, shoots Harry in the face as they're saying the line. it's not that kind of movie. that's women in those who point out on the plot, that is not that right, that it's not exactly a June for the secret spy movies. but I just thought that was what you were not expecting. Harry desired, oh, yeah. and that that lines are really after seeing that church being, you're like, wow, Harry's really cool. like, he just killed a bunch people. that was that? it's like, probably so cool. no, it was cool. like, he's a cool character. then he gets blown in the face. whoa. is the whole thing? yeah, exactly. basically, generally he's like, this is where you say something, I say something. I tell you lots of kill everybody. my secret plan. you make some great escape. I get all upset. it's not that kind of movie. room, yeah, you know, exactly. it kind of defied that convention of spy movies, which is good. it kind of added to that uncomfort. is is that that? yes. and I think that just helped sell it, you know. okay. so from there, that's kind of where the film starts to take a new direction. because at this point there was still, there's sort of two candidates for the there's this open slot because we saw that character die in the, you know, the mountain run range, yeah, the mountain range where we saw he was trying to save the professor. so there was this open slot. all these different candidates were, you know, knocked out. now it's down to two, and it looked like eggsy lost. because eggsy was going to be forced to shoot a dog that he had a train with, and he didn't want to do it. he's like, no, I'm not going to shoot this dog that I love and care about. and so, which is a pug, by the way. oh, yeah. he had to pick. and so the other, the other candidate, uh, her name is Roxy. look at yes. yes. so Roxy ends up getting the new spa. um, so it like, and then she's a trans lot, yeah. and she's called Lancelot with her new role. and so now, but after this whole big seat hat with Harry, essentially, eggsy comes into the role. and, sorry, eggsy then goes to Arthur to kind of confront him about the whole situation, like, hey, like, what the hell just happened with Harry? and while he's having conversation with him, he notices a scar behind his ear. and the scar is significant because we firmed, we found out during all this investigation that everybody who started drunk, we're too much other stuff. Oh, notice what? that was empty? yeah, that was full minutes ago. anymore. um, I'm talking too much. so for this implant, like a little scar behind it here. every single person that Valentine recruits gets its end point place in them. and how Valentine's sells the employment is that it will protect you from the grounds the waves controlling you and making you going to this violent range, which it does. but what it also does is it has essentially a bomb implanted in it that all just in case, you know, if he needs to, he can kill you if you're trying to reveal the secret of what you know about his master plan, he can blow up your head at any time. it's not like a listening device built into it. and, blah, blah, blah. so while eggsy is with arthur, the leader of the Kingsmen, he notices that eggsy has this scar virus here. and essentially what we found out, if pretty much every world leader is on board with Balam, it's an older scar than everyone else's - oh, I know. yeah. there was a notice who is an old scar. the other ones were thick and red, not almost faded. I don't know, because I do see a scene at one point around one of the world leaders, yeah, and a laser treat the scar to try to make it more cosmetic, maybe, like, hide it. yeah. so that kind of cools you in a little bit to that. yeah. and then so while they're having this exchange, you know, eggsy realizes like, oh, he's actually miss Valentine. and so essentially, eggsy is able to distract him, and he is able to get Arthur to poison himself. and, you know, because Arthur was trying to poison eggsy, exit distracts him, and he has a really good lass around, like, yeah, in person a group who is the long enough, but also in the ones of the Princess Bride. yeah. oh, yeah, that whole. I can't say I've actually seen that movie in full, but I know, I know, I know it's worth it. just pure Laker, the cultural reference. if they don't like understand from other things, sure. so after this, you know, they end up Arthur ends of Dimes essentially. now, apparently, even though you see like 95 agents in like, the Kingsmen warehouses, giant normals, but apparently there's only three people left, which they don't explain why. so there's, I thought that was groovy. but anyway, there's three people left. we've got Merlin. Merlin was this guy who was essentially training all of the potential candidates. he's a, he's going, like the operations man, yeah, like he monitors everyone all doing stuff. yeah. and then we have Roxy, who was the one who actually won out of all the applicants. and that we have eggsy. we just essentially the gross stuff too. so it's these three. and now they are like, okay, we know what Valentine's master plan is. we know. well, I think the reason why that none of the other opera, you know, operatives were there because they weren't sure if they were in line or not. hmm. major point they made that very gentle Merlyn said, you know, we don't really know if we can trust anyone else. oh, yeah, why if he said, I don't know too good. and he sat down with me, said, I need to know if you're okay with this? he said, no. so he could have done that with everyone we got. it was an old scarf, so he had time to do this. ya know, look, he didn't long the first ones in on it. okay. I did actually look up the other names. so the other nights, if anyone ever curious, okay, I have to read them, but, well, I mean, anymore, how many were there? there were, I think in the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ones. no, 50. so 12, nicely round table. and then King Arthur. okay, um. so they obviously went with the most recognizable names, but there's other ones like Gawain, gear van Percival, Garrity, Janie Merlin. so, oh, you know, I know you from playing comprehend. see seven. okay, so when I say that most people don't know the names, I'm just speaking for myself and think, I don't know the same for the other night around. okay, no, it's cool. so going on. I just, no, I just thought that was funny, like, they just never made reference to any of the other, yeah, I'm just kind of a prototypical, popular one set, you know. but they were all men, until this one Roxie character come yeah, but she's just was called playing for which is why I took issue with the name. Kings. man, yeah. and wrote on my first I wrote my note was, King's way. man, so I kind of fish the rock through the first. king, whamon. King, woman, women, men. so we've now got it down to the final three. kings minutes. Merle and Roxy and eggs be. can we just, you just, I can I see your shadow? yeah, okay, say a movie. it's an XP, okay, thank you. see egg Vietnam. ah, yeah, exactly. I just, the whole didn't calm Gary. we share his job within India. I just say that maybe they made a point out of it, because the other applicants, while he was trying out, we would, they mispronounce his name on purpose to disrespect them, right? did the guy's name with Digby, he made a point of saying, hi Digby, you know, like, on purpose. I'm still respecting you. yeah, sort of thing. just to show you the contract, something like two syllable, whining, Digby, Roxie, eggsy. let's go point. I don't know enough self British culture to know if that's like, what? - well, oh, I didn't anyone say they don't like it means nothing. it's just a thing. I did not anyone named any of those. how do you have the name eggsy at the age of two? where did this name come from? like, your dad saw it, like, collect eggs, so he called you eggsy. and then your dad died when you were two, and then everyone called you eggsy forever. that's stupid. well, he had to, you know, had something to do with that, you know, because his name is Gary. yeah, yes. yeah. wag of the finger to the people who made the movie and picked the names. they could have done better. I didn't. I think they didn't on purpose. just to be like, he has a goofy name, but he's really cool. yeah, sure. just to bring him down a little bit. I don't know that's from the actual comments, though it could be from the comments. oh, good. naki on the writer movie, got it. FairPoint. the creator of the comic, this was a graphic novel before, correct? I know. yeah, yeah, yeah. well, I don't know - whoever first coined that name, eggsy, i was the last time, because it's a terrible name. alright. I just got to say this, there is a where this movie first premiere was at a sail marathon. called but Mela thawne's, you know, that's not really, I just thought that that was really funny, that just popped up. No, Lord of the Rings would be a button on the time because it for so long. what would be numb Germany, a length of the move I'm guessing it's America has in there several films also. it's actually funny. Oh, actually, I was like, there's nothing actually, aim but namitha, know, it is name what nama thumbs, but it's just, anyway. okay, so we'll get Susie forget to the goofiness to the characters. like one of the first things ornament Ariane eggsy. but now we're down to the final three people. essentially what they call up with this plan, Roxy's going to go knock out one of the satellites to slightly increase the time that they have before this death. and in a nice gesture, angle assessed. emilee's, yeah, like, there's like at least twenty more thing. yeah, it's something like each because there's the shadowing on he's using to get the signal, signal down. but essentially they're using the first satellite that's in the chain, the closest one, yeah, so to make sure that at least the start of the chain doesn't, you know, the chain doesn't start it evently, yeah. so they're able to, at least for a moment's delay, open while Merlin and Eddie's big man, Eggman, volume Eggers, and do what every time say, if I say egg with it, you know I'm talking about it. so, anyway, Eggar lambs in there with Merlin on this secret mountain base, which apparently they really like, secret mombi's. I do like that they were kind of, like doing a very, like, you know, this is a super James bond-esque, you know, he didn't mountain base. no, they built a playing tarmac inside the mountain that, you know, apparently is long enough for the plane to land. exam I along, you know. so they, so he lands in the space where Valentine and all his, like, VIPs that aren't, you know, they're gonna survive the worldwide Holocaust, are and end about 100 guards, you know, II insist the pan about a hundred yards, I'm sure, some maintenance people, who all were considered VIPs -. there was something wave and downs. I got pain. I just wanted somebody was like, they were actually worth like 10 million dollars, but everybody else is a billionaire, so they do have enough money to get in. but like, yeah, you're ethically, all those guards are like, presidents, yeah, but a really small nameplate to come out to you, yeah, pres on Madagascar. come on aboard. here is it? John. so he ends up going into the base, you know, Valentine's, starts his murder machine, and, you know, you start seeing these images of people all around in the world, you know, killing each other. and for a moment, eggsy is able to stop him for a brief period of time. and, you know, they kind of just kind of do this convoluted series like, it does doesn't stop, it doesn't stop them. and while they're all fighting, eggsy gets cornered, and there's like, guards all around him. and then eggsy has the idea to, you know, trigger the implant. now, everybody has the implants, so he's like, hey, anyone there, Yuri? you can Olin gets into the computer system because, you know, super hacker guy. and apparently, just like, on you guys, even though you can hack in anything, so look how cool they're like, I don't like that. it's like the cat that types on the computer gun. so essentially he gets into the system, and they trigger all of the implants on everybody. so what it is is, it's it, I want to say is, I know the name of the song, not about it. I can message that you're thinking of, oh, you're think of V for Vendetta when I blow up Parliament, because thing effects happened. it's literally big, colorful firework explosions of people shat on its roof so obnoxiously. oh yeah. they literally show not only just the people, you know, the guards, not only the people, the VIPs who are in the base, but also there's out many other VIPs throughout the world in their implant. so there were in boardrooms who are in panic rooms, you know, like the White House. you even president, yeah, you get a see the president. you see who you have to assume is Barack Obama. you head explode, but it's not in a big bloody nail. it's in a very colorful firework, every color, my different. yeah, it's your shoes on. I'll come in and pop. so it's like, I always, I always thought of it as like, when you're, when you're on, I think the legendary mode, I'm hallo, and you can alter ate one of the settings for when you get with headshots and on the aliens. and just here, yeah, hey, look at it. handsome in the face. it's just, it's just a puppet. you feel like you're at the color on that FL 2014 skull dress. the grunt part exactly. remember exactly how to get the ground party school. there's literally no blood, except on one of the big world leaders that you see later. yeah, but, yeah, if it looks like his face got my three eyes, like, oh, yeah, bulges head. but there is another American jab because you see, you see Eggman expert, whatever is in it, yeah, you see him walking down, and you see a fallen guy with a Yankee shirt on. I don't want that. yeah, you have a Yankee shirt on. so I was like, oh, they're just kidding every damn job in here. so, as the is, you know, so everybody's head explodes. essentially, there's no one left in this entire base now, except for, you know, the people don't have. there are the implants, which at first, you know, Eggman thinks that it's just him and Merlin, but it turns out that actually, Valentine and gazelle exporting hard L I don't have the implants. it can make sense that he would have put, you know, a fail-safe thing in his own head, because neither one is go ahead. and so they all start fighting, and, you know, it's a big, warm, drawn-out fight. essentially, they both get killed. party. yeah, they play dance music to it. yes, pretty cool they did. it's just a sidebar to they did a really great job in timing the music with the VI fighting. say that again, they made it very late. I have a very cloud, yes, I want to talk about the soundtrack injure, but that they kids very well. um, so what essentially, Valentine gazelle get killed. and there's a little, we watched the uncensored version, and there is a little scene at the end of a romantic trysts with some princess, Swedish princess. I got a rather graphic. and at that point, the film kind of ends with the assumption that, you know, everybody around the world stop killing each other. and no, as obvious, a lot of people were killed. like, my guess would be, you know, if you were just to imagine that for a minute, everyone in the world just wanted to kill each other, but not like, wanted to, like, tried to kill each other. I would get at least 120 the world population will die sure, like, at like, think. so it was not so good. I'm sorry. five happened right now. all three you guys are on break. I said, all right, the first thing I'm doing is, I'm taking a class and smash in here. I don't have a Snapple a on this table. yeah, all right. so the nesters, my meetings, like, and I said this before, and one of my other reviews for, what was that x-men days of no, that kind of pocalypse was? there's just a lot of movies where it's like, yeah, everyone's happy. no, a lot of people died. let's let mourn for a moment. at least, like mention I really did. it sucks everyone died. dude. yeah. I didn't think about that. we should, dad, like, you know, the sugar my chili bean, and there's like 20 guys outside the room. good. no name on top. I didn't think about that. yeah, yeah. go. at least they showed the mom with the toddler. they did because, you know, exact Macola, not a disaster scene. and it showed that the wall, the door all torn apart from Hurricane Rita from, yeah, The Shining deck. yeah, here's, Oh, Johnny, so if I would do that, there's still some aftermath - no, - really quickly explain the scene. what it was is, Roxy had contacted eggsy's mom and just quickly, like told her, like, get as far away from your child, or in the back. and so look Wilder you're showing me. see the chaos. you're seeing the mom trying to get your child so she can essentially kill her child. the one thing is that all that scene made me think of is, how many other moms were, where's Bobby the elder? could so definitely, this movie ends with like, a funny joke, like, ha, we're going to have anal sex with his prints up. but I know, like, a lot of moms killed their kids, and a lot of husbands killed their wives, and a lot of pilots crash planes directly into the ground. well, done. a question, like, if you're sleeping and they're like, wake you up in your face - like, I wouldn't look so bad. it looked like, because he said it, would we just play. is that we really expect, like the other people died? good point. this reminds me of Dan Brown the book inferno. sorry, this will be a book spoiler away, you know, movie up YouTube channel to come, yes, um. but the major premise of that movie is there, you know, Robert Langdon, the character the book, comes to find out that this guy is trying to eradicate a large number of people the world in this kind of math calling in the same kind of way, like by releasing a, like, a virus that'll affect only a certain, but a large number of people. so it kind of, like, it had the same, like, noble like, let's kill a lot of people, but it's for the greater good by cleansing here. then there's a James Bond movie, just like this one. I forgot what's called, but there's this super villain who takes a bunch of, you know, hot girls up into a sad light and has planned an iteration Tori everyone on the planet. it's gotta be Moonraker, because, let's say, everyone that I know, that I don't, I barely remember that was the best guy. barely remember it though. yeah, actually, I do remember that that is Moonraker. I didn't think about how much what moon raise is just like it. and now we have the addition of OB my, my male. it's the smallest dog, we will probably calm down. and if not, we might have to take a brief intermission, which is copy okay, because I'll mean to drink something. so we'll wrap up the movie, will probably take a quick break, and then we'll, we'll jump right back into it. so, um, so to wrap up the film, though, we see the, you know, as a post credit scene. and essentially, now Edgar has returned, and now he's got his, you know, make egg costume on. you know, you know, you've got the, you know, the little kinder egg logo and stuff, and, what. yeah. so he Delano ultra, he showed up in his fancy suit. you know, all he's the king. many felt fancy under Bill, I wondered. here's a pocket watch. anyway, so then he, his mom is at the bar with her abusive boyfriend, essentially just beats the out of everyone at the bar, using out of everyone at the bar, using the same line that Harry a huge why didn't I know, because it cuts off right after he should sort last across the room. and then they all look so scared. they, like, thought they just, yeah, I'm pretty sure, yeah, giving a little time laughter, yeah, some, yeah, anything in the same way that Harry do. but essentially what it is, you know, taking mom, cottony, where's my boyfriend? you know, then we'll get the nice, I'm wrapped up things. so you're supposed to feel happy, exactly. you know, once again, mom's killing their babies. but so that was a summary of Kingsman the Secret Service. we're going to take a five-second break, it doesn't seem like for you guys, and refill our drinks, and then we'll start talking about, you know, what we thought as a movie, as a whole. okay, okay, okay, serious. all right. so we're coming back. we've had some good discussion possible ideas for future podcasts, and I think that actually pretty funny. we'll talk about them later, but there's some good ones. so anyway, so we've talked about the summary of the film. we went through it relatively in-depth, but, you know, it's shorter than the movie. so what did you guys think of them? so we'll kind of go one by one. it will serve as that, because act this is the first time you've seen in the room, so having nothing going in, you know, did you, I guess, what did you know about the Sun? before you went in, and what do you think as it went on, and how did you end up? yeah, so, you know, I might say, I'd like to think, you know, within my own family and friends, I'm pretty big in the movies. but I hadn't seen it before. you know, a couple close family friends of mine said, this is one of the best movies you'll see. kind of an open-ended, blank statement. I mean, I didn't find the plot to be overly complex. whose very contained plot. it was a good plot. the choreography of cinematography, I thought was really great. like I said earlier, the the variation in camera speed and zoom angle time, making it feel like it was, um, like a GoPro kind of style shot, I thought was kind of cool. kind of made it feel more contextualize a on a scale of one to plan. we'll wait on that. oh, we made it a, yeah. la, we give at the end. oh, I'm breaking rules here, guys. be my first time, okay, yes. my movie idea and will appear clean because because all of you guys is your first time here. Alex knows what's going on. she came and helped me that. she listens to the previous podcast. you can't give a reading. um, we'll explain it. will explain how the rating system works, and then you can give away. so I thought it was overall really good. I really enjoyed it. you know, it had a very John wick feel, but kind of in a more British twist. um, you know, there was actually some good dialogue. John wick. I don't remember them really saying anything. it's Keanu Reeves, no, like, you killed my dog. you know, that's the only line in the whole. I don't you don't need another word. ss1, done the spoiler or the movie. the one for sure, which will explain more or little later. some inside jokes here. but, no, it was, it was really good. I really, I really enjoyed it. I got a couple things to say about the character development themselves, but I think, you know, as a whole, I definitely would recommend it for anyone over seventeen. but, yeah, we did watch the Unrated. yeah. okay, hi. so over 21. so over seventeen, probably not. I mean, unrated, you know, who knows? I mean, like Elmo's big adventures, probably underrated. wait, okay, yes, okay, yes. so good. or who wants to go nak oven? it okay, so dim yeah, I thought it was awesome because, you know, he's it, it's, it was something, because it's just like Samuel Jackson describes in the scene where he's across the table understood McDonald. he says, the new movies are so serious, but I like the good old-fashioned Bond movies, you know. I'm a stickler for it. and this really, really, like, fulfills that role definitely, with the puffy head explosion, yeah. and the gratuitous shots, you know, them punching the guy, you cross through Ricky Captain America's training. you know, that's awesome. I love that movie, so, I guess. and there's a lot of action scenes. and when I first saw the movie, that's the first time, I was not expecting anything. I was like, this will be an opportunity. my dad picks out, no, sometimes they're bad movies. no, this was an awesome movie, and it surprised the economy. so, watching it a second time, do you feel the same? do you feel more in one direction, or less than one direction about the movie? I feel the same. okay, the same. it's awesome. it's a little bit because it doesn't have that surprise home. and of course, which was a lot of blood movie. but it was really good. some would say it was egg Zealand excellent. alright, so, Alex, I guess we're going on like that, like a spot, like, definitely in the genre, five films. and I guess I'm not like a big fan of that genre. so for me, it was long been honor, and I'm just finally seeing them. so, because they're like not relatable or just kind of unrealistic or not, yeah, maybe just not realistic for me. and I guess might lean more towards, like, I guess, I mean, away from like, a non realistic for me. I love the individual scenes in the movie. I love the action scene. I love, like, we're, Dylan said about, like, the head exploding ceiling. okay, come on. how do you not love that, human? it's such a good scene. but, like, the plot just does it, like, yeah, like, it's just not like a realistic thing for me. again, I don't know, you can't imagine like, an overworld, like, you know, reflection seems like a really difficult, yeah, like it's to like, make sure you like the element that he was able to get every single government, we're to be super okay with it. we're locked of all, just that easy. or not. like, it's not like those really great, like, rom-coms, you know, didn't have a depth of, like, definitely, maybe. yeah. you know, remind you 27 dresses the greatest film of all time? yeah, I don't like those movies either. so I was taken already. wow, those honors, like, either sake, huh? I have a coupon. I don't even know exactly. no, I know that exactly. bug. like, I don't know. thank you. I watched 101, I don't know, already. girl, I don't know. I can't even tell you. you probably have watched it more than I have. pro video. so, so, yeah, so for me, it's not an imagined so I guess happen, like even I like the individual scenes for sure, though. okay, so even though it wasn't your genre, I still think it's a fantastic movie for a genre. okay. you just would have been happier watching individual YouTube clips rather than, no, I would. I would watch the program, definitely. and I think it's bad movie. so two things, not my genre. I'm about that. I'm here. yeah, I would feel the same way about washing, like the chick flick, though, - this is not a good movie, but because of the truth? oh, that's nothing. we go. so for me, this is the second time also that I watched it. I did not like the movie at all. the first time, I very much focused in a lot of, on a lot of the goofiness. I also was recommended this movie by people who were focused on elements that I do not care about in films that were much more important to them. I was told that the fashion was really cool, and how they're all, this is all from my sister help and just, it was all like, you know, like, oh, it's so cool. look, I don't care about that. and that's that element came off really snobby to me and silly. whereas, like with James Bond, you know, they were trying to place a class where James Bond is coming up as not just, like, classy, as in, like, prim and proper, but classy isn't like suave. like if Daniel Craig sat down next to me in a bar, and certain point on his James Bond's over, like, so what's your room? whereas this didn't have any of that element - no, there wasn't any like, sex appeal in it. like, they didn't and we make an effort to do that. they had one sex scene at the end, which has, please, which was, it exactly, was very out of place. it just felt like, this is the because I really do look like a little kid. yeah. what is he like this? you see an engineer for three or whatever. we see him like, grow up and let change throughout this movie. so it's like root for him really growing up. yeah, I really. it just seemed like it, which I understand, like, that's how every James Bond movie, and always in having sex with whatever the girls needed, they just felt like the bloody, that's it, very gently in that sense. like, I mean, they did make a lot of cool references to old drinks, you mean, real national items. and it's just like, I think they were trying to strip away from everything else that, you know, really, what does it mean to be a gentleman? as they recognized in the movie, it's not about, yeah, it's like, we were really hardcore on that, that gentleman thing. and then we went right into legs, like, I know that's what to show you. he's not really what I'd like to maybe is Apple gentleman. now, that's what you get when you're gentlemen, maybe that's what's an FSM yet as a movie. Castle, gentleman, yeah. and then washroom, justices shadows. I had closed the monitors, and in your radio room. and then watch me undress, right in the dress. okay, so so there was that, what I just and also, just the same and I did another podcast. I really important is, I think how you watch a movie very much affects what you feel about the movie. I know that the time I watch movie, there's a lot of things going on, and I was not given the movie the proper attention that it needed. looking holliwell, like, if I watch so in my head, I mean, I don't know, that would be a different experience. I did another podcast talking about the difference of, like, your mental preparedness for the movie, know, like, as whether you watching a movie theatre versus watching all so when you're watching it on your phone, or you're watching it on, you know, a ginormous TV, like comment and subscribe to hear, here's other dress. oh, you watch movie. Thanks. but, yes, that's the point is, you know, if you're sitting texting or your phone through 45 minutes movie and not really paying attention, um, you know, not giving it the full you know, you're goofing around, texting people. you're not paying attention to how cool one fight scene is so advanced of the choreography, because you're like, oh, yeah, they're punching each other. oh, yeah, so I'm going to this, you know, something. so that's what I'm saying, is, I don't think I gave the film proper tension the person. so this time I wanted to make sure I made a point of, you know, focusing on the film. you know, it's fine to chitchat, you know, amongst us, you know, make a few jokes or comments, but specifically related to the movie, sure. and I think that with doing that, I was able to much better appreciate it this time around. I did actually do, I do enjoyed the spy genre to a degree, I'm able to ignore some of the ridiculousness, but at the same time, I'm not, and so I go back and forth. but I did, I actually enjoyed the movie a lot more this time than I did the first time I saw the time I hated the film. the first time, I actually really did enjoy it overall. yeah, well, we'll get through the individual elements of why, but I actually did think was much better at this camera. there's kind of like a formula for spy movies, like the opening scene has to be in a distant, far-off place. you can see the villain first, not the hero. you know, someone has to die, and then some affiliated person of the heroes group has to show up and make an entrance. you know, exposition, exposition, exposition. there's some sort of double crossing, double agent keen happen. some sort of plane is revealed for mass, mass extinction, mass destruction, you know. and sexy kind of a formula. but to degree this, well, which I will say, that was why I loved Bourne movies, is they don't follow that no no, which you say no in that manner that tells me you haven't seen not even though at all. shoot. so anyway, I hate you all, but I know you have in each of them. anyway, we pay no B's joining back in the pod. Colby apparently hasn't seen, yeah, Obie's have said that you're going to have anything bored. Obie's watch the Bourne films, and he's five months over, four months to menuhim. I take the Gunners, or they're making about this. the first three there. I think there's actually five. again, alum identity range, something, supremacy. so the but anyway, but the pain is that there's, I mean, a lot of movies follow formulas. I mean, you know, you look at because in about, you know, every single chick looketh girls would guy, but guys a douche, which is so whisk i. the new guy comes in, and really they're starting to get together, but then she does something to upset new guy. it's all missus. and then she's getting on the airplane, and then he's running to the airport sick, but i have to do it for love. and the TSA agents like go. and then they meet, and they make out in the rain. somehow in the middle of the airport, it's me, you know. so that really realistic. there's a, there's certain movies that definitely follow a genre. in spy movies are certainly one of them. i don't think that that's necessarily a knock against them. it means, to me, what it means is, when i'm going into this movie, i know, i know what to expect. I don't expect you to surprise me in that area. I expect you to impress me in other areas of the movie to make it a good film overture. so that's, so we've all set our initials on. so now we're going to serve breaking it down. so in terms of characters, in terms of acting, in terms of all that stuff. I guess what did you guys think? so let's start out with the main character, you know, Eggar on Egbert think. well, we're gonna, we're going to glance over this really quick. you never actually said who the professor was. it's Olivia amel. oh, yeah. so what was Mark Hamill be making two-minute appearances in movies lately? yeah. how how talk about making good money for a shorter by the way, I'm, I mean, this is warming up for that 30 seconds and force awakens, spoiler um. but no, I just, like, after that, yeah, I just, I just feel like, if I ever going to beat Mark Hamill, remember quite anything that I can that's slightly cylindrical and just go, oh, you're starting to shake a hand like that and do the same thing, but it, but stand in a really awkward distance, like, really far away, and be, like, feelings, feeling just like a dirty diaper book. so he's gonna want like, a good, like, 10 feet to get to me to like, grab it. I just, it makes me sad. I'm going real off the rails here, like Mark Hamill in Sowers farce away. I mean, yeah, yeah, like he, that's all did. and he made more money doing that than I will ever make in my life, just by expanding his elbow and looking at it. doesn't even do that though. would you just turn around? I don't need he just, no, you do not make me feel better. it's a way in, uh, you know, it's good. and then he goes, oh, so all is orlimar, he makes out much more poignant. so, sadly, because, well, I really wish at the end of that, when he, when he turned around, it was like he more of Luke Skywalker in the last Jedi. can we continue? dude? I just so, it's just like, he's got such a small role in this movie, and Kings, woman, man, Eggbert, human. and it's just like, and then he ends up getting a head blown off in the movie. you have a play. Wow. you know, they're just really glass over Israel. and I definitely didn't recognize him. he probably killed her, and yet he talked exactly like the Joker. come on, British accent. yeah, I guess his British accent. look, the Joker. okay. - I liked your demo. i mean, i like, i liked it. and i, I've said this a million times, he is by far the best, in my opinion, by far. but, um, but, yes, yes. he plays the the professor. he was the reason I didn't mention it was just, it wasn't that important to the block home. but it was cool. it's Mark Hamill, and he's in a movie for two minutes. yeah, I just, I've seen four minutes of him in movies, and collectively at four hours of watching movies with him, and it was just, he didn't like the flash - is he really? he plays like the toy maker or something. yeah, he does a joker voice to everything. it's basically any universe. yeah, no, it's in the TV show. but that's one thing, is it something is in the DCI? yeah. so there's no Batman show, so it just makes sense dropping them, sort of, not really. well, the Joker isn't in it though. don't ruin it yet. I don't know. I haven't seen the whole thing. no, see, you'll get there. hey-oh. so that's character. so I'm assuming you want to start with C Inlet service, you know. and there's a most get egg with IE. we're going on. not obvious. so, so what do you think of Eggs? Benedict, thanks, Benedict. so that guy, I learn, is the voice actor for the gorilla in DreamWorks Singh, which I thought was a really, really good movie. so the guy, I just immediately recognized his voice, and he's got a really good singing voice. um, I actually Peaks from New Zealand, I know, strangely enough. I don't think he naturally has a vertex. I think this is more from south of the Equator. um, but I thought I would. I thought it was really cool. I mean, I like that they made him hardcore parkour and all that kind of cool stuff. but they explained why he had that. it didn't it. he didn't just become like this nobody. and then also, and had these acrobatic talents. he said that he was Olympic bound gymnast in college, or they said he did. yeah, he was. he was looking at his he was in college, I think. and then he went off to the Marines. yeah. um, but, you know, when Harry was reviewing his case, he's like, oh, you know, you could've went to the Olympics, Curtin. so that's how he's leaping over buildings and triple jumping walls like a video game character, like, cuz freaking assam zolani, mom. but I thought it was cool, you know. and I thought his character development was good. you know, they kept him honorable and true throughout the whole movie, you know. and I'd like that they kind of, I mean, I thought was kind of cool that they let it his, him inside, slip a little at the end. and, you know, I'll be overly romantic scene, but, you know, he doesn't shoot the dog. he helps out the other characters, which is, it's Noble and generally, she dodged, apparently that was really rock, really rock, to shoot the dog. but, you know, the dog actually didn't die, which is nice. they never actually loaded the gun, so they said it there, and they said, they said at one points they're testing limits. but just because my argument in that situation would be with, because there's a scene where he's getting yelled at for not shooting the dog. it was like, it was filled with blank like, almost like, I was a, you should have known. and then he's like, um, no, cuz you guys said that there was no more safety hats. and to me, a blanket, a gun as a safety net. so, no. but we're also told to take care of the dog. yeah, yeah. so like to me, like, I'm home. I want to be here this dog, like him turning the gun on the guy to meet with much more a a noble act, like protecting the innocent rain than it was, you just followers. why? because I tell you exactly that. I'm giving you yours. going to gunnin in the first place, though. yeah, it was like, it sure. here's a show of authority, which I thought was, by the way, I guess I'm not an expert on gun safety. however, honey, I will today that anyone who does know gun safety would argue that handing a gun to somebody as a finger in attorney, why only by a girl, is not just a trigger, but a gun that has two triggers on it, one for a shotgun, one for a 9-millimeter. handing it to them that way is probably not the cases the most, you know, guns sake. but it looks cool. it does look cool. it looks really well, take the average is less cool. guys, maybe it's a super heavy tripper. I don't know. so I guess no. what did you think, though, about our fruit, our scrambled egg? I mean, thank you. young the main care. yeah, yeah, I thought he was good. he had a good character arc. at first he was, you know, he was very ungentlemanlike. he ended up being a little bit more gentlemanlike, at least, um. and he didn't want to kill the dog because he had to carry and everything. I was there. yeah, I agree. I think that that was the heard about him any point for him. that impressed me the most with not telling about I was, I was consistent, seems his character. yeah, sure. um, you know, he, he just finally had the courage to stand up to his, like, abusive stepdad in the end, they showed that scene. yeah, before even he said, he's in the taxi, he said, you know, put everyone else, go outside. you know, I'll kick your butt, you know. but at the end, he fought them all, yeah, at the same time, the exact same entered it. and that shows character. girl, yeah, you know, before he was shocked, he's like, you know, sitting there with his glass, and I was really cool. okay, so slide save. I am this he's pretty simple character. sorry, Jericho's kind of, yeah, I guess, yeah, he is reasonable. the one thing that was required, I mean, like, Oh, his, he's actor. I thought was pretty good too. and it seems like he could show a range of emotions from, yeah, relatively straight. when he was swishing those glasses around, you know, he said, I'll look over there. and then he comes around, and I saw his poses slightly like officers, like, oh, he did something. yeah, we shot only love to be the two things that I'll say is, the one is, the only thing I have say really about him. it hasn't factor himself, if he suffers from some thing that I've seen a few other actors suffer from. he is an extremely forgettable face. I met the guy, I would have no idea that he was main character in Kingsville. maybe a bad thing though, there. I mean, yeah, um, it just to me like, I don't know that I could place him. so, I mean, that's good in the bed, because he's going to has a benefit of not being typecasted such as Mark Hamill. what all we can think of, it's a group Skywalker and/or the Joker, like us. all we could talk about was that not like how good he was as Professor er, quite employment Arnold complex of the name, um, like, but all we could talk about is that, because more camel, all you see is like, but you know, I'm still trade my face for a giddy space. so if I was given the option another beautiful name, no, they're saying, I mean, he said it like, it to me, it's just kind of like, white noise and my blind white. yeah, he had a cool arousing. no one knew what he had a, he had like a scar through his eyebrow. see? mmm, yeah. I was checking out him. Faceman, I I am a bull we guess me to my second parent. which is the one thing I guess. I don't know how I feel about it, but I thought it was a worth noting, is there was no female character throughout the whole film that he did express any form of interest or until the very end. so from a the point that I'm making though is that, to pull it away from the typical spy film, is the fact that there was not some Earl we're spending half the film like, watching, watching her get out of the pool. and Roxy the Lancelot character, yeah, they show that they had like, a business relationship. yeah, it wasn't like a romantic, yeah. and it might have been, but if they do it, like, like more of a, like a companionship to like, help each other throughout the trial, right? he'll be famous, and they're like, internship, like the Kingsmen, like, yes, yeah. and to make a point about her, to the only sexuality they ever referred to her with was the fact that she needed to be engaged in a lesbian interaction, as opposed to other. when the woman, I had her second is like, they broke through, healed a picture of who they're so scary. it's like working on that. they just want your pension. it may have happen anything, cuz it was all during testing. and their white thing about, yeah, that's her job. so that something is. but that was the uninteresting, I'm dating, the only sexuality they showed of her in the whole film was her trying to, yeah. and you know, they won't have an issue with it at all, yes? I know. maybe not even higher the trails or anything that was so sweet, or sexuality. so that that was the only me, she literally was, apart from his mom, the only other female in the whole film. there will only would've owned the boat man goes out and gets up. there's one other female, I think, in the waters. yeah, bad thing, because they said, all, you all forgot that one element. oh, yeah, there's one that drones. but I just went on to work out what's on that film. this felt really quick. aside. there's a test, and I've mentioned the before another podcast. this film also, unfortunately, sales up taps. I can't remember the name of it. but it's the test that just, you have two female characters have one sentence with each other that's not about a man. how many of them have? oh, I know, I know. it just, it's not any is not about it. I'm not commenting on it because, you know, I we say anything about it was sexist movie. I'm just saying that's what the tests were. oh, yeah. necessarily it has, it is used for, but for my purposes, to me, it's just purely an interesting thing to note in any movie I watches. doesn't happen like, just, like, it's like a fun fact to tribal this. I mean, the movie was called King man, yeah. so it kind of stuff of stage manner, Kings Kings man, we booked this up. it has an a n right? so don't undermine. I don't know. I don't have the my computer in front of me, but I think it King me. and so kind of set the stage for knights of the round table. table. wait a second. doesn't see the girl, the Lancelot and the the other girls are trying to move? and then does the job. don't you have a line? they they're lying about only to introduce Eggert. and what they don't, they don't mention in. but it's only sort of, it live in a cage like reality. I think for that purpose it does, because it's tough out. okay, well, it's just sort of around. well, so future, no, I want to avoid flamin comments. we are all under the opinion that there should be more female, female to female. the female of commentary that has not male. more and more male female abuse. more female on female. that's what we're getting at at this podcast. well, I know you think it's right there. alright. does say, hey, you should watch out for him to see, you know, what that is. but that is true. I didn't think about that. you're right, because this was telling him, when she is talking to her, she does talk for a little bit about Alex. every man on the landing right now. I really hope or not, both of you are. I don't think we are. okay, so we're going to move on from that one. so anyway. so, I mean, just, the only thing I really didn't like about the main character I just named, I'm sorry, I'm so stupid. I can take a better look hydrated. like, hey, like, at one point you're like, hi, my name is Gary, but everybody called me called the egg cuz when I was two, I only ate a boom, okay? but egg me. the whole time we're like, look, is this some British saying that we don't know about? or is it some, like, I wish there was a moment of explanation, because at one point he go heads for the he was Gary, I mean, Agassi, so he realized, like, Oh, his name is not, like, something the British name that not have also heard of, like Benedict Cumberbatch. um, it's like an actual that I'm excited about. yeah, I think I had that interview. so let's just what I mean is, like, I just met the one character. why? I don't care if it from the comic book or that's from whatever. this is someone done up. yeah, yeah, the name. but let's put it this way. and they make it, they do make a joke about this a little bit, but James bomb, Jason Bourne, Jack Bauer, those are Jack Reacher. all those are solid. Jemaine, I mean, later, yes, that's always like, jelly bean. come on. JB, yeah, a jelly bean, the greatest secret agent of all good one you've never heard of, exactly. I mean, like, even though I, I do think it's a bad thing about James, why are you and your big himself everybody as his first names. I am James Bond. I'm a secret agent. but when he says the line, my name is bond, James Bond, I guess got so much like power behind as opposed to babe eggsy, like, hi. you're secretly your secret agent. would you welcome to someone and say your name, though? I mean, I be awesome. hi. I'm eggs Ian now, you know. but my point is that, from the practicality point is, from a cinematography standpoint, that's just, like, like, everybody isn't good, like, community completely net. see that website? yeah, you can buy weird things on so that's my only problem with the main characters, is egg so if you just get so distracted by the name of the character you really can't intentionally for the for developers, five minutes, I couldn't. that's all I could think about with eggsy really a scrambled your brain exactly. all I can think about is egg jokes. so, apart from anger, uh, what shall of a lot of them. sorry. it was a good one. thanks. I don't like to yoke around. eventually do another. ah, no. so I guess other characters, what? so just warrior pit. I guess I been most important one to talk about would be our big bad guy, which we did. can I Tyson? about Mike Tyson? what did everybody think moment? what's the name? is like? he's also a TV show host. to get the split tooth. why am I forgetting this? he's with something in Kelly, the talk show host that you've got the litigants? no, the new one? well, I don't, I don't look this up. carry on. so there's a, my wife is named Valentine. yeah, hi, I'm Kristin. I thought I was watching a music recording. isn't it dance? I what I mean though, that I was late, is a is definitely a spy homage in the sense that like, dr. and low finger, why everybody had like, really long again. we can create a sure, we can examine. will see you tomorrow. Michael Strahan, right. oh, man. you just not like, you sound like Michaels fan. this is this, oh, the Hat. yeah, really. we have looked at, yeah, we got that. weird. so maybe that was, again, kind of that Americanization. another Americans, am sure know what they were an optic girl trying to make fun of Americans. I think was just part of a quirky villain thing. I know, I like merican saying, like what Ben said is like a side effect, because usually it's a pretty strong, I like that they, I do like that they outlined a very, like, realistic negative quality, which is like, he's just queasy around blood. it's funny to think of a villain, it kind of makes him feel a little more innocent. it was very, like, true to like, a, like, a sighs film, like a quirky villain thing, like a, that they could have left just that innocence. he's like, the list thing. I don't know why I did it. I especially because he didn't hold a set throughout the entire day I was born. that was like, her job for Samuel Jackson, like, not like doing a good job on that was really awkward for me. I wanted to see, like, snakes on a plane, Samuel into action, like, I feel a bit more to what I felt like with Samuel, or like an apparent Ino movie. dude, no, no, she actually was almost pee reading Samuel Jackson in verse. Samuel Jackson, because we always see, we take a singer Jackson as Nick Fury. we think of as mace windu. we think of him from, it takes on a point. we think of any from, uh, you know, waiting column, quantity of all fiction cultures. you know. we think of him saying, like, just other Sutter, like if you're sending him, like, if you're sending him there, David, like being really intense. but the first shot, you see us cutters here, he stutters. he's really, they make him look tall, but to me it's not. look like only he looks weak. he looking gangly. she looks small. his partner does everything for me, even gives him the glass. we even know I can read. didn't you say that? yeah, not saying that that has anything to do with it, but like, there again, they just, yeah, I supposed to be a nerdy guy attacking area stress that Icelandic would like even or didn't going with learning. you think about it, he's in Jurassic Park, the original Jurassic Park. he's supposed to be nerdy. he still looks like a big, full black man that, you know, in a security head go, look, be like, but he's a security he's not supposed to, I do what you're saying. I'm just saying, it's like, that's what I mean. it's like, to me, he was almost like a parody of his other cases, like that parody, but like a anti of his other, yeah. and playing Valentine is Samuel Jackson, playing as samuel l.jackson, Butley, but like how the credits should be, yeah, I guess, like he was, he definitely wasn't playing his normal Samuel Jackson, so they just, I thought that that was linking, she's like, so, like, in the sense like, you know, both the King Arthur, he is this same character, and every no, he's in again, for getting this guy's name, but, you know, I just looked at it, it's like, Homme um, what's his name is written guys, Michael King. like a, hey, Michael Caine is always the same care know, he's Michael Caine, always an old third gentleman who's always like a caring wife or the years. yeah, you know, yeah, quick, rolling caretaker. always someone who's caring for someone. on this ship, he's always gonna sword, maybe, because, yeah, he always is. Elsa, so she's always out. pretty funny, this meeting this movie was equal outraged. what do you know? yeah, so I told the guy to shoot the dog. and that's when I was first like, oh, yeah, I just, I just would have lost it. and he's like, he's like, now shoot the dog. and it turns around, his family so bad, cause I'm like, duh, where is she? check out my other remember about about Marco. it's funny, cuz Alfred is Alfred in this movie, but Samuel Jackson is not Samuel J in this movie. there shouldn't be anything greater from which I guess. then the next biggest, because we can hit on the three of the four, the next biggest would be Harry. and Harry, to me, with the exact same actor that he always is, always the he's always a ginger. he's always suave. he's over good class. when he played the King of England in the King's Speech, like, he just always comes off like that. yeah. but both characters send exception, like being a gentleman. you know. the opposite of that would be murdering all those people around, you know. and then the opposite of the week's character with him shooting, him, shooting Harry in the face. I had a saying a cool line. it was very thin. y'all Jackson, yeah, yeah, that's true. I just wish she would have ended it with, what did these guy, you know, like, well, because that was cool, though. because at the end when Samuel Jackson dies, hey, like, you know, you see Eggbert, or whoever's name is, you basically, he says some line, and seems like perfect. like yourself commenting on it, I would they die. cool. I'm for me. yeah. I thought I'd like Terry. he was probably my favorite character. hmm. like Harry's hair perfectly coifed. I'll fly remember of him. I don't know, when something is quashed reverses some other formal style, dominated gel. no, quasi thing just refers to the idea that being rolled over. so my hair, we could cloth. yeah, that's like, soft. and no, this is awesome. important you want to voice is love this is called hair spoiler alerts where we just got the hair of every movie. that's a good idea. yeah, so write it down. okay. any other characters you guys are either comment on, what about Giselle? not Giselle. I'm good, though. to Valga vel, whatever. get a rap with rap so on. are are Geronimo? are trans tubular MPT with this switchblades her legs? extra attachment? okay. Corrine Lee, racially ambiguous. yes, no, she how? I don't worry. was how she she said, anything I want to learn, like the lie. she's so cool, I forget. well, it's like a job from James Bond. you had the Hat they give me, and then a guy with JA metal T said, jobs cut through a cable. yeah, yeah. so, I don't know, I I took a little bit of a medical professional I take issue with someone. no, but, okay. and the opening scene when she, like, backflip slices that guy in half, exactly. course, you'd have to apply to cleave someone from head another. it wouldn't happen, and it wouldn't happen cleanly. and the guy would have bled profusely, head and hit done. and it is what a white type of white tile. there's no blood smears. and only, like, how is that too graphic for you guys? this fire? you clean him? how did she have? because she had the white collar. Bravo. sir. she rose. wanna listen. so she's like, a female prepare to go on. future people are dying down. sirs. hold on. I'm gonna get a towel. well, he can fend now. I'm sure she's, it's no, I just, I don't know, I thought it was funny, like, she kept, like, razor blades for legs, which she had the right amount of towels, including, actress, including enough for the guy who's wooden handles. I'm gonna, did she have one for hearing up? very well, is it? she did. so, I just, mean, is like, I guess that maybe she's just got really good foresight. will she know how many guards? emergency? she's coming? I just knew that they're all a really shitty guard. and she's like, they're all going to dot, like, it could be a two-year-old with a gun. they're all going to dog. so I'm going to bring enough towels for them, and then I'll kill him. what? well, I just like to fight seemed a teacher and eggsy have at the end. and, you know, they're both like, flying for each other, about the falcon punch each other. he pulled his punch and, yes, slices her in the arm with him. yeah. he sort of, like, and when Polly like, sort of, we pull this much back, which, he had a kick, which, yeah, the nice and the shoe is from James Bond. oh, yeah. well, they also mention the phone in issue, which I thought was from what said, it's not if I'm a serious spy movie kid, smart. oh, we had the phone in jail. that's funny. I thought it was from that. but it's time I did something else. I'm thinking, I kind of want to, they know, extrapolating. but she was like basically doing like some like, almost like Brazilian style fighting at the end, like she was doing, like, breakdancing, hangout lighting. she's just constantly spinning and flipping her legs. and she remind me of a video game character, eddie gordo, putting new tekken fans out there, like, literally just whipping her feet around, always breakdancing, spinning, right? that's how i like to fight. people to I hope it's a beginning, it showed how strong she was. you know, you show the guy taking out everyone in the room. the secret agent died. was it Lancelot? I think it was about what? don't lay thought that. we all danced a lot. okay. and then, you know, chosen taking her everyone. yeah. like, easily, he has a glass in his hand, is there? you know? or casually, she does the exact same thing to him. yeah. so just shows that she's a really strong villain. yeah, take out not anyone at school. did she say why she did? yeah, she did. she had a few times. oh, yeah. she says, you have not yet? like, he yes, cuz I'm Jewish, but you stay here. yeah. and she had like, said something like, you got to see this. and I remember at one point she's, like, says something like, all of you stay here, or whatever. so, okay, well, it's like a Valentine. was like, you know, there, are they all dead yet? you know, they're all dead, yes? she's like, no, not yet. each still alive. you gotta come over here and see that. yeah, yes. yeah. and then, like, I remember at one point, like, the one thing I did notice, which they never, they didn't do anything else that actually really makes you think this was, um, like at one point, like, Valentine's slacks are on the ball and, like, if you kind of, like Diggle what it's to infer that the head, like, oh, yeah, it just what that was, you know. I just don't really like, they only did that one. see, maybe maybe that's like the the office joked, you know, like when you're a billionaire, you can just sexually harass your, you know, that way, assassin, that we don't condone, special, right? so then just put the same thing over. so, okay, because we got to, rather, were approaching two hours, so let's, uh, let's kind of fire through the next couple things. so I think we all kind of touched on a little bit. but the sound, I thought, was really good. I really liked the music choice in this movie. it, it's definitely, you know, it's been watching a few movies and TV shows, and we've noticed that the music choices just garbage, and a few of them, and I think this one was really, really good. yeah. they synchronized the music with the flames. I thought, yeah, like, I mean, there's not only a synchronized me group, they made the music, I like, ironically, very classy. yeah, it was very there was a Frank Sinatra song at one point. you know, it, I understand that added to the elements for me because, you know, and this should that calm, celebration music. well, I was getting watered exactly. yeah. so it was just kind of had this cool element of, like, it was like a contrasting element to it, you know, that it wasn't just as epic, action mood music. it was, it was very controlled and contained, which I thought was very, very well done. and so, and under the the plot, we've all kind of touched on it both exact we're talking about how it is a very formulaic, I guess, what did you guys think, though, in just in general, about the plot, and as well as the plausibility that the plot was based in for the whole film? well, it's times of plausibility goes. like you said, there's a few things that probably would not have happened in their life. whereas the spinal he goes, it was exactly what I need, he and I thought it was perfect for the movie, you know, in terms of, like, the plot being this. well, I just, I mean, like, I did you just feel a lot of the plot it as like, I mean, just with where they want the ball. did you think it was too silly? did you think it was, I know you pretty that that okay, yeah. alright. so and then also, we watch, right before we did this whole thing, we watched the trailer for the next film. and I guess, just what are you guys disappears. I know that was a few hours ago. now, the baby blue jersey, that better not be the ending movie. trailer, setting the scene for the next, next movie. yeah, a preview within a preview. yeah, what if it's so like, I mean, we would show you it blow up right at the beginning? what really cannot right? no, no, it wasn't right at the beginning. and then it's like, four weeks early. also, the 10-minute you're in very, very with him, very end in a film, and you realize everyone he's ever loved, like his sister, his mom, his dog, girl, hidden husband, not the dog suit that he got, they're all in the big his name or song. no. so, I'm, I thought, what that was? it obviously isn't seen that as a spoiler. this is in the movie, and I seen as a very direct like, this is what's going to happen. expect this to happen, we're going to give you more to work with, you know. so I want to know if they discuss how we still have died in the last movie then, and we just launched, but we discuss, how do you feel really good? dog, yeah. or if they're just going to, like, away, or like, well, they babble information, so Paulo, like that, I shy, like, yeah, my, I'm sorry, cuz they're like, home base exploding. like, why is that important? well, I want to know how many people died last time. there's something fine to be said that, like, the phones are going to be the downfall of society with all the snow being is literally, well, in a relative anyways. um, you know, never trust free sand clumps. I don't. and then that memory wasn't that long ago, but I was like, send cards, like, SIM cards are so 2005. comics, I may be doing a comic book. yeah, they do. but it just feels, yeah, right. if you're like, an outdated technology, I'll try to unit. we don't even know, long ago these the, I mean, you know, the rule is, you know, if if you're not the paying customer, you, like, if you're not paying for the product, you are the product. so, that's, you know, you're getting the rule is, if you were getting these rules from look for free to internet, Facebook, and your that pays, you don't pay for Facebook. yeah. so Facebook uses every bit of data that you use to sell to people. I get may conspiracy there is about to the world. there's something very similar happens. this interview magazine is actually the same, where someone gets, everyone gets free stuff. really backfires. mail end up killing each other, working. I thought they said, oh, it's exactly to thing I thought it was. I thought they liked, no copy. did the trailers from the same. it's a st. I definitely think the plot was a for the free zone. was definitely not super was they were original. it wasn't anything grumbling. I just can't imagine you being able to talk on these people on to get an implant is a free. when I'm not nagging, you be will topping and yah, apprently don't I read a free cayenne point soap again. no, they didn't intervene, not even close. like, let you marry. not bragging. a few dominating. all of these had people, these VIP whoa what that they may if it, it'll protect you against the only mine please not me. I guess I they tell you protection videos best that's gonna exactly, they know what exactly's can I don't know. i know that trap like something. I shot some leather other early jail cells. not a medical issue. I really didn't like where they put the implant. there's a lot of metal, little nerves and arterial supply, the water. it was just rounded a skin to show you that, ya know, like Nick an artery. I just don't understand how a little microchip will make your head explode. the head a relatively thick, he said, yeah, she's every soft tissue I look like, I know what it's run on the outside. it like burn. I also am logistics. it wouldn't explode, it burn. I know. that's why I was really amazing, awesome. I remember details of traps. one in half with your leg, sick. you can put in a lighter as a grenade, and well, later. so there's also some poison that you immediately green. there's a poison that can be electronically activated. I am a lot of issues with that. mother. anyway, so back to the trailer. then in the next film, the one other thing there was a note was that we see that Harry somehow survived a gunshot to the eye. and Morgan a bad paper cut, and maybe got actually shot somewhere else. you don't know, possibly, possibly. when you don't look at the person you're shooting, it's hard to hit the target. he was looking and then he turned away. yeah, he looked. but I thing is, you killed the gun out one. and maybe when he did that, maybe Harry serene ternary, and it grazed his eye. we didn't hear anything. yeah. or maybe that's not of Harry's and Max or shot giraffe. girls, yeah, didn't, like, really look at him. yeah. Jill, II really don't really make sure you're good. yeah. you didn't, like, is he dead? Jan is determine that. apparently, in this universe nobody believes. so maybe she's like, yeah, yes. cept when there's me. no, no, big up. they pop up in the color. it's true. you guys remember, there's all the dead bodies outside. it's a collar run. when he was sewing, girls are going to princess having those young know what? everywhere conservators, there's like a blood pump. but, yeah, it was a puff. it wasn't like, I dunno practically, how they were all wearing white. there was no blood on any of these white soldiers outfit. that's true. so, long story short, we want better names. we want more blood, yes. and we want to know why Larry's, I don't care about blood mark. you want more color on yeah, yeah. so I was like, that sound effect though, yeah, every single one. all right. so to kind of wrap up, we're going to go into the, you know, your rating. so we're going to explain the ratings everyone can understand. so I rate on a scale of one to ten, but the tipping point is a six or a seven. and the reason is, anything above a seven is something that you definitely would watch again. anything below a six is something that, like, you might, but you're not going to like, you know, go get the DVD and watch it. so, no, we'll go, we'll go from so seven is like, he'd watch it again, it was a good film. so typically what I do is I do a face up the tracks rating. so we'll put up on track, because I think track does a really good job of describing. so it makes, to me, it makes it easier, if you think about the word, than it is to think about it as a thing. so give me more it anytime. yeah, it's been the word is a movie spoiler channel. my channel. hey, he started off, question. I remember I'm going to end with this. and really, everyone really likes my transition while waiting for me for it to load. well, I got my score. so a seven is a good so, so you'd say like, this is a good film. I definitely watch this again. eight is a great film in a sense that you would be like, yes, you know what? I like this. no, I really think it's actually a good example what good movies as, good cinematography. it's got the plot, water. nine is like, this is an excellent movie. it's, I mean, this is, this is one of the best movie. doesn't need to be said louder. it's a chicken salad. yeah. I'm sure the place it mixes. and then the the last would be a ten, which is totally ninja in the sense that, like, you're just like, this is so awesome. I could talk for hours about this. I'm going to get something to read. I'm gonna get to go to McDonald to get the kids toys, like ge. ge would be, I mean, they're my have on, you what? what does it say? so it six is a, let me I'm trying to get to that part where we actually have like, a qualifier. so these numbers, yes. how does it happen? yeah, in the movie all I remember rocket, I got what you were definite. what special sauce are they referring? okay, there we go. my mom literally, Big Mac did the cream clause? no, I think they're talking about a big man. I said, there was, doesn't react. and he said, meaning off. I then nobody saw secret sauce is Big Mac sauce? yeah, just Thousand Island, right? I interesting to mention what he came out twice. and, yeah, when I'm gonna interpreter, I have heard it called secrets all. I don't Senate. so a six is fair. so to me, a fair is like, it's good it was on TV again. i watch it. my ones be upset. but I'm never going to like putting on the five is meant like, if somebody put it, like, if I was somewhere and someone else put it on, I, whatever, like, I might watch it. I'll probably have my phone out the whole time. then we took it into the bathroom. so, or is poor. where is like, three is mean to is you, huh? so four is more like, as in a sense, like, you know, like I if somebody else put it on, I kinda would be a little like, three is bad, like, this is a bad movie. I'd actually kind of be a little upset with you put this on, like, we're probably not friending to is terrible, where it's like, this is a garbage film. and one is weak sauce for anything. and that's like, this whole film is garbage, and all you can think about how much you hate every moment of this film. like movies, there is zero. I know Lexus movie. I see one is the logo. that's weak sauce. so, a weak sauce of the lowest. totally ninja advice. so, why ninjas them? Ryan is so special. I know in the camera that way. deficient. I feel like I was a TV show. listen to teacher examine. it sounds like a Pauline Jersey reach. otherwise, angry. no, I think it right there. despise this one. yes. okay, so we're on. we're going to go in reverse direction. so Alex on scale one to ten, with my goofy scale. I know this is tough for me. if you want to look at the scale, you know, I think I have to go with the seminal. I read a lot of movie seven because it's good, like, will be lasting pretty easily. good. is a good feature. like, I don't do that word a lot. let it go for me. like, like I said, it's a good movie, horror genre. and so I don't feel like I could go any lower than that for its it. it's good. I wouldn't say, like, don't watch it. good. I'm doing. do you know what a bolito e99? Wow. yeah. I would not buy action figure. something is not Tobin injustice. is it everything? like a movie, you'd say, like, if people are saying, like, what are some the greatest films of all time? you taste the greatest, but you say it's like, close to the greats? close. definitely. all right then, Zack, I wanted people or the seven oven, um, seven, not a whole kind of for the same reason. you know, I give a very intense, it was good, but if you asked me to talk about any of the elements, I'm going to have more to say that's either going to raise that score or lower it. so if he asked me to tell him about, like, the plot, I'd be like, 6vf an about the action, I'll say, like, an eight, because I thought that was really clever, some of the Justice style that they shot that movie. and so, you know, I just kind of, I'm going to err cautious thing, just say f7. yeah. see, for me, I probably like a six-and-a-half ish, which, I know, well, it's gotta be, you need the number, right? yeah, which, I guess they tend to round it up. I'd say a something looks like, a, like a he blow of a seven, like it's just scooted in because, like, it can enjoy. that's how you're treated, like people that, like, when we need to talk about our friends, like you again, let me just stop gently. but there are any big white I'll show you then. three, seven. Oh, perfect. which is the real reason, is because, like, for comparison, like I have, like, I would say, like, broke one is an eight. and there's so many more things I can talk about. would end on, ain't n for me, is, like, interstellar. it's like, I've got, I got a list, and it's not that long when it comes to the time. but, so, that's why I couldn't put like that high up. and, like, if I was, there's definitely some Bond films that I think are better than this. like Casino Royale that I can say rank is like an eight, and I don't even think it's close to getting around. but I definitely liked it. I definitely would probably watch it again. whether I would actually put it on, or if it'd just be like something that popped up on TV would be why I put it on. but, like, I definitely liked it. I liked the characters a lot more watching a second time around. and I would be interested in seeing the next film. however, I'm not like as excited enough where I'm like, I have to go day one to be in line for the movie. whereas like rogue one, even though it was really late at night, I gotta go home and watch you all. so just for like, a comparison, which is, like, that was the one that I ranked one higher. I didn't get that feeling from this movie. I'll just say, like, I don't feel necessarily compelled to watch it a second time with the effort of gaining more from it. I feel like I've gained everything I could from it. and I'm just one of those people I rarely rewatched movies. anyways, um, you know, anything probably above a beat would probably be something I would really watch. moving on. but this one, I feel like I could, the moment I turn on, be like, oh, yeah, this, this, this, this, this, and this happens. you know, I can kind of paint the picture just as easily as I could the other time. all right, any final comments? otherwise we're going to arrive at them, because it's getting very late. first war child named eggsy absolutely gonna be the most popular name of 2019. yeah, absolutely. alright. so with that, thank you for watching. and you know, remember to Like, favorite, subscribe. it really helps us out. and check out the other spoilers that we got on our channel. we've just recently hit a thousands, or over a thousand. we're up to 1025 left a left and almost at a quarter million views. so that's all very exciting. and, yeah, thanks guys. [Music]. 