arisu and usagi tried to find the beach in the highly urbanized tokyo, but to no avail. arisu, being the gentleman, initially refused to share the tent with yusuji, until he was surrounded by insects. eventually he had no choice but to join usagi in the tent, since sleep deprivation will be a big danger to them. during the games, usagi taught aristo how to hunt, which arisa learned quickly, since he can relate it to the principles of an online game that he likes. they also continue to monitor real-world card games, looking for clues about the beach. and aerosol hits on the idea of looking out for people wearing locker keys, like the ones that a gunny and his compatriot were wearing during the game of tag. in the second episode. they both followed cars with people with the locker keys and gave chase, somehow keeping pace with their cars on foot and following them to a destination that looks very much like a seaside resort. and they were knocked out and taken prisoners. they were taken to a seaside resort named the beach and its leader is named hatter, as he previously sold hats in real life. it also introduces the goal of the beach, which is to collect all the numbered playing cards and use them to send one person back to the normal world. while hatter knew that this was a lie to unite everyone, he was not far from the truth. as the joker at the end of season two gave all remaining players who beat the face cards in the games a choice to go back to real life. hence, the cards are the goal, but it is to beat the cards at the games and not to collect the cards. hatter and his executive board would like arisa and usagi to help collect the missing cards. the beach is a self-sufficient community with its own resources and rules, including a mandate on swimwear and a zero-tolerance trader policy. if arisu and usagi do not want to help, they will be killed as traitors. with no other choice. arisu and usagi joined up, and the seven of hearts card that aerosol won was a missing card that made him and yusuji eligible for a promotion. the beach is a party hot spot where everything is allowed and even encouraged. when the games started, everyone gathered and cheered the members who will be playing in the games on a gunny from episode 2 is the leader of the militant faction who controls the beach's weapons and sits on hatter's executive board. silverhair occupies a seat on that executive board, along with a partnership with kuina, a woman who keeps an unlit cigarette in her mouth as a quit smoking aid. we were shown montages of various games taking place and how the members from the beach cooperate to work together to win the games. arisu joined n who is an executive member, for a game called light bulb with the participants who stood in gradually rising water. the objective is to determine which switch, a b or c, turns on a light bulb in an adjoining room. but you only get one opportunity to test a switch with the door open. arisu was able to figure out the right solution using logical reasoning. anne is impressed with arisa, and he passed the test to join the executive board. arisu returned to the beach when a gunny ordered his men to take usagi away. and hatter himself was forced to intervene during the executive meeting, hatter announced that he will be participating in the next game, both to extend his visa and in the hope of locating the elusive ten of hearts. we get an ominous zoom in on a gunny when hatter said that he will be leaving his executives in charge during his absence. hatter explained his backstory to arisa, that he was the host at a gentleman's club. he believed that everyone revered him and will be happy to see him return to the real-life world as a hero. 