welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and we have some big news and coming in regards to Falcon and Winter Soldier. the show, which was announced in August 2009, teen is currently being filmed. and because of this, leaked images from the production have slowly been making their way to the web. this morning, subreddit, Marvel Studios spoilers dropped a whole host of images of wire rustle, who'll be playing John Walker, aka u.s. agent. the actor was filmed in both his military uniform and Captain America s costume. and it's actually a lot that we can take from this information. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the first look and talking about a report that states that the Thunderbolts will be introduced in the show as well. now we will be talking about some of the plot leaks in regards to Falcon and Winter Soldier and Black Widow. so if you don't want to know anything that, I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up to help spread the news. anyway, if you didn't know, u.s. agent was actually introduced into the comics in 1986 as a villain known as super Patriot. over time, this got sort of retconned, and he morphed and evolved into a government-sanctioned Captain America. and this costume is clearly aping that the Disney show is actually going to follow on directly from the events of Avengers endgame. and if you remember the end of the movie, Steve handed the shield over to Sam, who then took up the mantle of Captain America. now it looks like agent has the exact same shield. and while something that this is a replica, I personally think that it is the shield that we saw at the end of endgame. according to the leaks, salmon's are dropping the mantle after realizing the trouble that calling himself Captain America will cause. Falcon and Winter Soldier are still outlaws at this point, and even if they did help save the universe from Thanos, that doesn't mean that general Ross is giving them a free pass. we know that Steve was in hiding after he travelled back in time. in this showcases that he had to lay low. it might be because he didn't want to bump into his younger self. but there's also a lot of Tysons that kuvira cords are flying about on the internet that states he hid because he knew the government after him. what I think happened, and bear in mind that this is a theory, and said, Sam got the shield, the government went after him, and Bucky arrested them, and then created their own Captain America, and made it seem official by taking the shield from Sam and giving it to Walker. the shots here look like some sort of PR stunt. and this could be them announcing to the world that it doesn't have to live in fear after the apparent death of the cap as they have someone else in place that looks very similar to him. just stop worrying. look, you've got blond hair and blue eyes. yeah, is Captain America. when you think about it, I think it's gonna be funny seeing how the government kind of spin this. and I think the image of him in his military attire is taking place before these shots. and from the leaks, we do know that these are two separate scenes that white filmed, and that they happen at different points in the series. so yeah, just kind of drawn conclusions and sort of stating the obvious. my superpower is stating the obvious. either way, though, there is a lot to process here. and it looks like the MCU will be skipping the super patriarchy and going straight to the government-sanctioned Captain America motif they are clearly trying to ape him due to the similarities in the costume. and I am excited by the looks of this. Wyatt's father, Kurt, already appeared in the MCU as one of the more notable dads in the saga, and it's great that his sons getting to make an appearance too. as for the Thunderbolts, this report comes from full circle cinema. there's actually a lot of weight to it. so we already know that Daniel brew will be returning as emo, and in the comics, he has been a member of the team at some points. however, in addition to this, the report says that though it isn't clear of exactly how the Thunderbolts will appear, they know they will be introduced, or at least teased. this lines up a lot with recent leaks on Black Widow that dropped earlier in the week from a 4chan user that apparently saw the film as part of a test group. now we will be going into the post credits scene of that film, and what the user said, so if you don't want to know, turn off now. but yeah, thanks for making it this far. anyway, according to the user, the film ends with Yelena biloba, played by Florence Pugh, and taskmaster going to general Ross with a flash drive. that is the big MacGuffin of the Phil ruslan says he's putting a team together. and this, of course, teases the Thunderbolts, with both Widow and Falcon and Winter Soldier dropping this year. I can see the two tank together, and it makes a lot of sense to start setting them up across all the releases. Zemo is a big part of the Thunderbolts, and with the news of this, it looks like it's all slowly falling into place. I'm very hyped now, and I can't wait to see the Thunderbolts on the big screen, especially if we get Red Hulk in some form or another. the rumors that it will be a Disney Plus show, but I am kind of hoping for a movie. but yeah, we'll just see when it's released. Marvel are putting a lot into the streaming service. and with their recent rebrand of the TV properties now going under the umbrella Marvel Studios TV, there is a lot to look forward to. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the news. and if you're excited for what's coming, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the black widow leaks, which are gonna be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the first review and the plot spoilers of the movie. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you can support the show by subscribing to us and patreon. and if you want to come chat to us after the video, then join our discord server in the description below, or follow us on twitter at definition whitey. that's the best way to keep up to date with everything we do at heavy spoilers, and hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thank you. for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 