hello. what's going on, guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm gonna show you a sci-fi superhero film, the Robocop. in a new show, the host is covering the peacekeeping actions in Iran, where the city is patrolled with robotic peacekeepers capable of maintaining law and order in hot spots. while the civilians there are rebelling against the militarized robots, who seem to show no mercy to even the unarmed people. the bloody killing of the robots fails the public support. in the United States, were under the pressure, the government has to pass a law forbidding deployment of militarized robots in the United States. it's definitely unpleasant to the boss of the OCP company who develops these robots. so the boss comes up with a proposal for developing a mild cyborg police officer, which would help change the public opinion toward such technology. but the doctor in charge of such research tells that only someone who is stable enough to handle high pressure can be turned into the cyborg police officer. and some candidates are rejected. a Detroit Police Detective Murphy is conducting an investigation over a local drug dealer when he pretends to be a buyer for the drug dealing. the drug dealer gets informed by the insider from police. during the fight, Murphy escapes out, but with one colleague killed. Murphy goes back home depressed deeply. by the time he's gonna let go his hormone with his sweetheart, he is distracted by the car alarm downstairs. he soon comes down for a check, but gets himself badly injured in a car bomb explosion arranged by the drug dealer, hoping to make her husband, Murphy, stay alive. the wife agrees to sign off on the procedure to make Murphy a candidate for the cyborg rebuild. three moths later, in the lab, upon waking up and realizing his transformation, Murphy flies into rage and escapes from the lab, but the doctor shuts him down and brings him back. as the doctor reveals to Murphy his human body parts that are left only where if he cannot believe what's happened to him, he feels collapsed and asks for euthanasia. but the doctor reminds murphy about his beloved wife and son, and convinces him to live on. during the combat training murphy proves unable to compete with the standard robots in efficiency due to human emotions involved. nevertheless, the boss seems to care only the efficiency and orders the doctor to get rid of the emotion thing. so the doctor alters the programming to make Murphy more efficient by having drone programming take over his actions. this increases his efficiency dramatically, but also makes him less empathetic due to his human nature being bypassed. the boss feels very satisfied with the update and cannot wait any longer to unveil such new kind of robotic cop to the public. later that night, Murphy goes home for his beloved wife and son, and then promises to his former colleague he'll find out the insider and terminate the drug dealer. however, shortly before the publishing, when Murphy is input with some programs in crime data, which include the crime scenes of his being killed in the car bomb explosion, Murphy turns so emotional that he almost breaks down due to the overload. with no choice, the doctor has to remove his emotions entirely, which makes Murphy ignored his wife and son and walks before the public with his poker face. but he soon identifies an apprehends a criminal in the crowd. Murphy goes on to reduce crimes in Detroit dramatically, simultaneously increasing public support for such new kind of Robocop. only his wife notices her man might not be with his real soul anymore. she then stops Murphy for questioning, but gets ignored. nonetheless, Murphy searches the database for any information about the woman and her son, which seems to remind him of his family. he then drives back to his home with the camera images and simulation, he recovers his human emotions back to normal, which pushes him to fight for revenge. Murphy soon locates the drug dealer, who's instead noticed earlier by the police insider. however, Murphy never let go of any chance. this time, he pursues and terminates the drug dealer easily, before he identifies the insiders by the fingerprints from the drop gun. back to the police station, with the help of surveillance eva's Murphy tries to apprehend the two corrupt police who instead confess that the police chief has also involved. Murphy flies into rage, but right before he moves to arrest her, he's remotely shut down by the OCP company, who seems to care only about the business and tries to cover the crimes for its VIP clients. the company even misleads the public with fake news of Murphy. under huge pressure from the public, the government soon allows to deploy robot cops in the United States. with his goal achieved, the boss orders the doctor to destroy Murphy while he's being repaired. however, the doctor takes off the transmitter placed in Murphy and reveals him the truth. Murphy narrowly escapes out from the lab. meanwhile, Murphy's wife confronts the boss and demands to see her husband, but the boss lies to her that Murphy has died from the combat. Murphy returns and storms the building. and fronting the giant drones sent to stop him, with his one arm cut off, he frees himself and tries to fight his way through the bullet rain, but he gets knocked down to the ground. right at that moment, his colleague shows up, standing in between to stop the giant drones. Murphy seeks the mere chance and escapes away. on the other side, the boss is waiting for an evacuation helicopter with Murphy's wife and son as hostages. Murphy makes his way to the roof and want to arrest the boss. but Murphy is still prevented by the programming. while the boss, over confidently continues to taunt Murphy, Murphy overcomes the programming long enough to kill the boss at last. back to the lab, the doctor prepares a bland new outfit for Murphy, who shows the real human emotions for the first time in his robot horse. this is Daniel. CC, movie review, bye. 