andrew mckay of cythia, also known as andy booker. joe and nikki are centuries old warriors with regenerative and healing capabilities who use your worst experience to help people. a former cia operative, copley hires them to rescue a group of kidnapped children in south sudan. however, they are ambushed by a sport of highly clean mercenaries. after healing their wounds and killing their attackers, they realized copley had shacked a trap for them. meanwhile, in afghanistan, a u.s marine oil free man has her throat lit while taking down an entry target. but instead of dying, she recovers without a scratch. soon after, she shares a dream with the other immortals, who are then alerted to her existence. and he tracks down and rescues the free man before the military personnel can abduct her for testing. copley shows the video of ambush to the pharmaceutical executive stephen merritt, who sends operatives to capture them. and he brings nile to france, where nile meets the rest of their team. she is told about the queen the first and his comrade, who was cast into the sea in an iron maiden, and had been continually drowning ever since. the group also reveals that they are not truly immortal. their ability to heal eventually stops, and which happened to the previous immortal likely. the group are ambushed by the medic's forces. joe and nikki are captured, while a heavily wounded wooker is left behind. andy kills their asylums, but recovers that she has lost her immortality. booker locates copley, while the noise separates from the group to reunite with her family. andy and booker go to confront copley, but booker betrays andy by founding her, arguing that merit might find a way to end their immortality. as as they are captured, booker realizes that and is not healing. copley has a change of heart when he sees that marriage is willing to torture the immortals to study them and make profits of them. nile, having realized luka sold out the group, arrives too late to intervene. but she convinces copley to assist her in the rescue mission. copley and nyle storm the merrick's london office. after the rest of immortals are freed by the knife, they fight their way out through the rest of merrick's security [Music], ultimately killing merrick himself as a punishment for the nuker's material group forbids booker from contracting the rest of them for 100 years. rest of the group meet with copley, who reveals how their past missions had a greater effect than they ever knew, with the descendants of the people they had rescued going on to help the world they grew. tasks copley with keeping their existence as a secret. six months later, in paris, drunk, booker is astonished to meet queen in his apartment. by the look of her eyes, she looked somehow evil now and studious. bye. have a great time. 