a very rare diamond [Music]. that's the sound of time pass in time. person, there's still loads of time passing. it's been 84 years. it's okay. okay. so new mutants is now finally out in cinemas, and i feel like there's a lot we need to talk about. i'm not only going to be going over the movie's full plot, but also the production troubles that it's faced over the years, because, god damn. now, throughout this video, we're just gonna be going over everything you need to know about the film. and because of this, there will be heavy spoilers. if you enjoy it, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. without the way, this is the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, definition, aka, the new mutant that turned into an old one, waiting for this film. now let's get into the breakdown. okay. so new mutants feels like a film that was never gonna come out. i can't remember something that's been delayed this much. and it seems like such a long time ago since we saw the first trailer, all the way back in 2017. this teaser provided a unique take on the comic book movie, and it initially appeared to be a horror before the studio decided that it was too much of a risk to take. thus, further reshoots were planned, which would change several aspects of the film, and the movie suffered its first delay. however, there were rumors that the reshoots were actually going to be a lot more substantial, and that they would pretty much require refilming over half of the movie. fox wanted to avoid the flop that was fanfare stick, whilst also being different enough that it felt like something that would stand out, similar to logan and deadpool. during this time, the disney fox merger was also taking place. a lot of things were up in the air, and it seemed like there would be major changes in the studio structure that would severely alter its lineup. however, there was a clause in the contract that stated new mutants would have to be released, theoretically, and this is why the film has been dropped in cinemas instead of on streaming services. disney begrudgingly took this on, but decided that investing in reshoots wasn't going to be worth the return on investment. thus they placed it back into their release schedule, minus the reshoots, and the film is pretty much how it was originally intended to be. however, the pandemic caused a major shift in the movie business, and thus they took it off their lineup. on may the 4th, it was reported that the film had been listed for media pre-order on amazon, and some lawyers must have got involved, as the listing was taken down almost immediately. it went back and forth for weeks over whether the film would see the light of day, before disney eventually just decided to dump it at the end of august with little marketing, and probably in the mindset that they just want the entire thing over with. so, yay. who's excited? now, i actually went into this film quite optimistic, even with the low rotten tomatoes scored 22 percent, which was based off nine reviews. and let's be honest, man, that's not enough opinions to gain a critical consensus. but, yeah, since then, even with the added reviews, the score hasn't really moved up that much. but, you know, i was still like, well, it might be good. and you know what? it's okay. now, as for the plot itself, we open with the same clip that was shown at comic-con at home. the narration is given to us by danny moonstar, and she tells us that when she was growing up, her father told her that within everyone exists two bears, one evil and one good. which bear wins depends on which bear you feed the most. and dany has been told throughout her life that it is possible to conquer the darkness within her. her father gave her a small bear necklace, which was meant to represent how small the evil bear once was. however, as it feeds on fear, there is a worry that this metaphorical bear has grown as dany has too. now in the opening, it seems like her home is devastated by a tornado, but it is revealed that this is a manifestation of the bear, which is brought on by dany's powers. throughout the film we learn that dany is capable of taking one's darkest desires or greatest fears and bringing them to life. she's pretty much the jason striker of the film. and throughout she learns how to control her powers. dany's father is murdered in front of her by the bear, who then chases her through the woods, before she falls faster than disney stalks and gets knocked out. it's here that she wakes up in a hospital run by a doctor named cecilia reyes, who tells her that they're in an institution that's been built to house mutants. reyes informs dany that she's a mutant herself, and were introduced to the other members of the cast. now clearly, from the off, this is a sort of twist on xavier's school for gifted youngsters, whereas his mansion was overseen by a mutant who is able to read people's minds and therefore be empathetic towards them. reyes's power involves generating force fields. this idea of shutting things out definitely ties into her as a character, and she very much keeps the truth guarded from the group. she too is part of balls herself, and doesn't really see the teens as people more. they're simply animals to her. they're initially under the impression that they're being trained to be part of the x-men, but this is soon revealed to be a lie, and it's actually the essex corporation behind it. if you're up to speed with the x-men franchise, you'll remember that they collected wolverine's dna at the weapon x facility. now it does hint that this film is actually connected to logan, and that if the group passed this screening phase, they'll be shipped off to a facility to be trained as weapons. there's also lip service given to the mutant population dying out. and though we don't get a specific time period for the film, i would say that it falls in just before logan. however, it's pretty much a standalone movie, and disney don't do any efforts to connect it to the grand mcu. now, as for the lineup, i actually think that they work really well, and each one of them is pretty memorable. normally in team-up films you get some that become lost by the wayside, but i did feel that each one of these leaves an impression. the first one i want to talk about is anya taylor joy, who's playing ileana rasputin. why? why here first? because god damn. now, rasputin is actually the sister of colossus in the comics. however, as mentioned earlier, they don't really make any connections. and beyond being able to armor up, she might as well be a different entity. on top of this, eliana is capable of traveling into a dimension known as limbo, where her powers derive from. it seems like she has a stuffed animal also known as lockheed, but this does take form by the end. now we do learn that she was forced into child slavery when she was younger and has been chased by mysterious monsters known as the smiley men for most of her life. they sort of become big villains as dany manifests them into reality. and though it's clearly ripping off the gentleman from buffy the vampire slayer, they do show the episode at one point in the movie, so hey, at least they're admitting it, i suppose. now, next up is maisie william who plays rain sinclair. sinclair's monika is wolf spain, and as you can guess, she has the ability to transform into a dog. she's probably one of the most interesting characters in the film. and sinclair group in a very religious village and fled it due to the hate that she faced. josh boone, the film's director, stated that he grew up with very strict religious parents, which formed the basis of her character, and you can probably tell, as she gets the most development. charlie heaton plays sam guthrie, who's able to fly at supersonic speeds. henry zagar plays roberto de costa, who can control solar energy. and lastly, of course, is dany. she and rayne become the film's emotional heart, and their relationship becomes a big focal point. now what unites these characters is that all of them have been struck with great tragedy. and in most cases, their powers manifesting led to the death of someone close to them. they're haunted by visions of their past, and this is eventually revealed to be dany's powers coming to fruition. unsure of what to do with this, reyes reaches out to her employers, who are revealed to be the essex corporation, and they order her to kill dany. reign suspects something's not right and catches reyes in the act, cutting her face up before she flees. the team also fight the smiley men, and after defeating them, they track down reyes in order to get free. reyes argues that dany is too dangerous to live because she's unable to control her power. and this would very much lead to a jason striker situation if she were allowed to roam free. the group stand beside her, but due to the treatment that reyes put it through, her subconscious is run wild, and the demon bear manifests once more, eating reyes. yikes. now it's here that the group really come together in order to fight the beast. however, dany is the only one who can stop it. in her subconscious, she comes face to face with her father, who tells her that it's time to face a fear. the character awakens from her phase of sleep. is that? is that a scientific term, but i don't know. terrible script writing. anyway, she steps forward, calms down the bear and thus controls it. this is, of course, a metaphor for dany controlling her own fear and therefore gaining control of her power. the group stand outside the hospital and realize that the force field is down, and head out into the world, which ends the film. i probably shouldn't call this an end and explained, which i might not do in the end. now, as for what could happen going forward? well, i i don't actually think that we will be seeing the characters again. josh boone did state that he had something for a post-credits scene. however, he didn't put it in the eventual release because he didn't think there would be any sequels going forward, and it was just completely unlikely that anything else would happen. i think that this group would have actually fit in pretty well with the ones that we saw at the end of logan. but it does look like disney is indeed scrapping the idea of the new mutants going forward due to their removal of the scene, which would have put things in place for next time. now, as for my thoughts on the film, i'm actually surprised it got delayed as much as it did. i really don't think that this is the train wreck that everyone thought it would be. i know the reshoots might have added something, it's not completely abysmal. dark phoenix is still the worst x-men movie to me, and then probably wolverine origins after it. sure, this isn't anything amazing that you must rush out and see and potentially risk your life for, but meh, it's not, it's not bad overall. i don't think i'll be watching it again, but it's fine, yeah, it's it's fine. you know what? i'm gonna give it a six out of ten. now, that's new mutants. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of tennis, which is gonna be linked at the end. that film actually needs a breakdown. now, we're also giving away a free copy of the avengers on any console of your choice. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of august, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat us on a discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you mean the best i've been definition. i'll see you next time. take care. [Music]. peace. i 