I know things will work out the way they're meant to. Westworld is coming back after being gone for almost two years, which is actually really hard to believe so much time has passed, the text might have wiped your memory. so I'm here to refresh your reveries and explain everything in chronological order. this show takes place in the not-too-distant future when robots are becoming more human-like and appearance to engineers Robert Ford and Arnold Weber have perfected humanoid robots so well that they're basically indistinguishable from the real thing. they plan to create a high-end amusement park called West world, where the richest 1% can play cowboys with these realistic busts. they can choose to be a hero or a villain. and the robots in the park are called hosts. they operate in predetermined stories called loops. unless one of the humans pulls them away from this story. at the end of every day, the hosts memories are wiped, ensuring that they will never rise up against their human masters. it looks like John's suffering makes the hosts seem more real, so they all have a horrible memory as their cornerstone, the event that defines them. Arnel becomes fascinated with a host named Dolores, and sees that she's slowly gaining consciousness. he calls this inner journey for sentience the maze. so you phoned the center of the maze. he realizes that if the host became sentient in the park would be a living hell for them. so he wants to shut it down. but for disagrees, maybe he had something different in mind for us. so then Arnold combines Dolores his program, with a new villain they've created called wyatt's. he programs her to kill all the other hosts and then himself before dying. he quotes Shakespeare. then he reasoned, Ford will never be able to open the park because the danger and bad publicity. so for it opens the park. and there's all sorts of safety protocols, like the host can only injure each other, and can't harm an actual living think a corporation called del owes invest in the park. could sound by James Delos and his son, Logan likes to party and be a villain, and he brings James's son-in-law, William, to the park. since he's entering the family business. Logan really wants William to cut loose, but he's all like, oh, no, I'm a good person. I bring my own bags to the grocery. you're being a nurse. then they meet Dolores, who has wandered away from her loop. William catches feelings for and they do it on a train. then Logan shows Williams she's basically a sex doll. and he doesn't take this news well. William goes on a killing spree and sends Logan naked into the elements, and he drops a photo of his wife. remember that for later. Logan is rescued by a Native American named a catchy top. years earlier, he found the remnants of Dolores his rampage, and this set him on his own path, independent of a pre-planned Luke. he becomes obsessed with the idea that there's a door to another world. more on him and a bit, William searches all across the park for Dolores, but he finds her right back in town, inside of her loop. and she doesn't remember him. so this convinces him that nothing he felt for her was real, and she was just planted by Ford to get him to invest in the park. the park sent her so that you will finally have something to give about. oh yeah. I'm sure the people of the controls are monitoring my every mood. that's exactly what they're doing. after this what you becomes a real son of a [ __ ]. you really are just a thing. I can't believe I fell in love with you. so William convinces his father-in-law, James delos, to invest more in the park. the Della's corporation becomes the main investor in west world, essentially owning the place. after logan Odie's and james Telos dies, William takes over the company. he builds a place called the forge in the valley beyond, where they store the info they gather on the parks guests. but they're also using this data to study the guests so they can replicate human consciousness in a robot body, essentially conquering death. this is what they do with James dillos. but his copied consciousness keeps breaking down because it can't handle the idea that it's fake. they try out, like, like hundreds of different Ellis's over the years. so years go by, and Ford realises that Arnold was right. he decides the hosts will grow and become sentient, while the human race can no longer evolve and things that we had done. this is as good as vegan again. so with the lorises help, he rebuilds Arnold as a host and calls him Bernard. except Bernard has no idea that he's a host. it doesn't look like anything to me. four denotes the Della's corporation. we'll never agree to shut down the park, and the host will be condemned to live a lifetime of torment. so he secretly begins a new narrative that will give the host a fighting chance. he updates them with something called reveries, which allows them to retain a small portion of their memories. how memories are purged? at the end of every narrative, they're still in there, waiting to be written like like a subconscious. so years have gone by, and William now looks like Ed Harris. his wife reads his psych profile and realizes that he's secretly a monster, and so she kills herself. now William wants to find out how evil he can actually be. he visits the newest Ellis host, and drives him crazy just for fun. and then he enters the park and kills a host daughter, just to see if he feels bad about it. but the host, Maeve, grieves so hard for her daughter that William see something real in her, a flash of true consciousness. she was alive, truly alive, if I live for a moment. afterwards, he becomes obsessed with a secret game in the park called the maze. and just world times sake, he torments Dolores and kills her boyfriend, teddy. the next day, Dolores, his father, Peter Abernathy, finds the old photo of Williams wife, and he glitches out. Dolores looks for help, and this throws her out of her loop. she wanders the park having flashbacks that she thinks are happening in the present day. her father has taken to cold storage with the other glitching hoes. Maeve, meanwhile, has been reprogrammed to be the madam of a brothel. but she wakes up during her cleaning and gradually figures out what she really is. she forces a tech named Felix to bump up her stats, giving her increased intelligence and also the ability to control other hosts the way humans can. another host called the woodcutter starts to glitch out, and he's tracked down by a tech named Elsie. she discovers that the woodcutter is actually transmitting data to a dela server outside the park. but before she can report this, she's kidnapped by Bernard, who's unconsciously acting on Ford's orders. now there's a bit of a cold war between Ford and Delos. they want to fire him so they can have full control of the park, but he has the ability to delete all of the data for just wants to keep things going long enough to get his new narrative off the ground. I think, however, you will find my new narrative was satisfying. so Ford orders Bernard to kill a suspicious Telus employee, then she'll be replaced by Charlotte's one of the higher-ups Adela's. after the woodcutter was discovered, Charlotte finds another way to smuggle the data outside the park. she places it in the defective brain of Peter Abernathy. what does concern you is giving him a semblance of a personality and getting him on the train out of the park. meanwhile, her boss William has taken Teddy hostage to help look for the maze and a man named Wyatt, because he doesn't know the Wyatt is really Dolores, eventually he runs across the Loras and forces her to show him the maze. so she fights back and manages to actually hurt him, breaking her programming. and this was foreshadowed by this moment in the first episode. William realized that the maze wasn't a game for the guests, but for the host. tries to tell you, the maze wasn't meant for you. it's meant for them. Teddy finds the mortally wounded Dolores and takes her to a beach where she dies in his arms. but then it's revealed that this was actually the new narrative along what? or was it? after this, Dolores has taken to a hidden facility where she realizes that she's been hearing her own voice in her head, and that she's actually become sentient. this is an effect called a by common of mind. so Ford is hosting all of the Delos higher-ups at the original town where Arnold died, and then his true narrative begins. he programmed Dolores to murder him and for all the other hosts to kill the human. guess. Peter Abernathy is also set loose in the park. and remember, he contains all of the valuable data that Charlotte and the Della's corporation need. now, Maeve meanwhile, realizes that everything she's done this whole season was actually programmed by someone Ford. no one's controlling me. but she still kills a bunch of humans and arranges to smuggle herself out of the park. but then, just as she's about to leave, she remembers her daughter and decides to go back in and save her. William, meanwhile, is 10 kinds of excited, because he thinks to the park, where he can actually be hurt, is better than bacon. he's excited for the challenge and ready to play a big part and for its final game. now let's talk about season 2, where a lot of characters are running around the park, interacting and then running another way, only to find themselves back together again. it can be pretty confusing, so I'm going to condense the timeline for you just a bit. Delores and Wyatt's personalities have merged, and she's going around the park, killing humans and recruiting others to her cause. she shows Teddy that he's not real, and he stays at her side, but he's a little conflicted by all the killing. the Confederate OHS join up to giving her command of an entire army. meanwhile, Bernard finds Abernathy, but they're both taken by Dolores his army. Dolores is very happy to see your dad. I'm gonna get you go. I wanna get you help. Charlotte, who remember only wants to find the data in Abernathy's head, 35 years of vitally important data, goes back to the base and gets together a strike force to take him back by force. there's a big battle where Dolores expends all of her troops killing the humans, but Charlotte captures Abernathy. so now Dolores and Teddy are on their own. but she's tired of his good guy stick, so she reprograms him to be a terminator who answers to her commands, men who that train, who's bill week and born to fail. now let's check in with Maeve, whose arc is largely unimportant to the story, but very important to the show's team of exploring what makes someone real. she wants to go back in the park and find her daughter. so she and Hector and Felix and this other guy travel back into West world, where she runs into Dolores and refuses to fight in her war. Wow, best of luck. the group is chased by ghosts nation and actually ends up in a totally different part called Shogun world, whose storylines mirror those in West world. they meet a Geisha who loves another geisha like she's her daughter, marrying maids love for her daughter. so the younger geisha dies. turns out love is real. and most importantly, now maid could control other hosts with her mind. she returns to West world and finds her daughter, but his heartbroken to see that she has a new mother and doesn't even remember maid mama. but before she can dwell on this, treble bruised Bernardo escapes Dolores and comes to a cave where, in the first season, he imprisoned Elsie. he apologizes to her, and now she knows that he's a host, but she's kind of cool with it. so they discovered the crazy Delos clone, and Bernards memory starts hopping around in time. they decide to plug him into the park's backup server so he can find out what's really going on. then he finds forced consciousness is inside the computer. so he downloads himself into Bernard, and he follows him around for the rest of the season, telling him what to do, pick up the dead man's gun, vinod, he and Elsie set off for the valley beyond, where Delos is keeping all the data they gathered on humans. and William is having a great time on his own little side adventure. to the valley beyond, he meets a copy of Ford, who tells him a fun duel. he tries to recruit other hosts to help him, like Gus fring, but Ford arranges a mass suicide to keep him from having too much help from NPCs. he saves this guy's family, but then a proxy for tells him, I know who you are, William. one good deed doesn't change that. meanwhile, Dolores hijacks the Train and crashes into the Mesa to find her father. she realizes that Charlotte, once whatever, is inside his head, so she cuts out his brain, leaving him for dead. now it's just her and Teddy, and she's all like, let's go to the valley beyond, and he's like, you're a monster. I'm killing myself. back to William, he runs into Mei, who has all kinds of pissed on account of him killing her daughter. and she almost kills him before the Della's troops intervene. then he crosses paths with his daughter, who just escaped killer robots in Raja world, another adjacent Park. they have a heart-to-heart. I'm not gonna let you stay here now, and go out and some [ __ ] blaze of glory. but William is obsessed with this game, and he thinks emily is a host planted by ford because she knew his psych profile. I read your profile. mom left it for me. I never told anyone about my role. so Wendell owes troops show up, he murders them, and then murders his own daughter because he's convinced that she's a host. but then he sees that she actually has his psych profile and that she was his real daughter all along. what he starts to doubt whether he's a human or a host. but before he can dig components out of his arm, he runs into his old pal, Delores, and they ride for the valley beyond together. meanwhile, Bernard deletes Ford from his mind, but he still hears him talking. he leaves Elsie at the headquarters and heads to the valley beyond all by himself. Delores finds Bernard, she turns on William, and then the two of them head to the valley beyond together. the valley contains the forge, which is all the data gathered on humans. and Abernathy's brain is the encryption key to access this info. Maeve is also back at the headquarters, and she's all messed up. and then Ford gets in her head and he tells her that you are my favorite. I tried to save you. you're amazing. and now you should go save everyone else. I remember a catch a taste door. I believe there is a door hidden in this place, door to a new world. he's been looking for it for years. he helps Maeve speak to her daughter, and he says that they'll protect her. Ohio, cook the Joe, Couto huapi. and then he tells Maeve about the door, this way to escape this world. and then maids like, well, I got to help you find that door. so she escapes, gets back to a key to tame the two of them are gonna open this door together. so now let's talk about the door, which is what the whole season was leading up to. Ford created a virtual Eden for the host called the sublime. the door was a way for them to upload their brains to this cloud. and Delores doesn't want them to enter the sublime. she calls it a world is just another false promise. so Maeve, working with the key to tape mind, controls people into entering this door. and Charlotte reprograms a host to order people to fight so they can't enter. it's the whole climax of the season. in the end, Barnard kills Delores so the door can stay open. Maeve sacrifices herself to save her daughter. and most of the hosts escape into a CinemaScope paradise. back at the Mesa, Charlotte kills Elsie because she knows too much. in the Bernard retaliates by killing Charlotte. and then Bernard decides to create a new Charlotte with the lorises mind, essentially resurrecting Dolores. he realizes that he wasn't hearing Ford's voice inside of his head. it was his own. and now he's truly a sentient being. [Music]. the humans figure out that he's a host, and Dolores, posing as Charlotte, shoots him. but then Charlotte, Dolores has a change of heart and uploads all of the hosts of the sublime. anyways, she escapes the park with eight hosts heads in a duffel bag and then rebuilds Bernard in the outside world. she wants to destroy humanity. he wants to save it. and the stage is set for a conflict that takes place in the outside world in season three. but wait, there's also a creepy, epilogue. now, William, who we last saw bleeding out on the beach, enters into Kade forge and meets a hosts version of his daughter, Emily. how many times have you tested me? it's been a long time line. it's implied here that his mind was uploaded into a host body, and this is all a fidelity test to see if he'll wig out like James Delos. now this also hints that a lot of his storyline this season was just a simulation his mind was running through to see a virtual William killed his daughter like he did in real life. so William might be a host in season 3, or he might not. well, guys, that's all the west-world. if it was confusing, just ask me any questions the comments. I'm happy to answer them. and if you're new here, please subscribe or screen crush. I'm Ryan Arry. [Music]. 