welcome to thriller recapped. today i will show you a chinese crime thriller, court drama film called silent witness. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. this movie is about a girl called lin mang who is murder suspect of her father's fiance, yang dan. the story is muddled with the essence of parental love, deeper emotions and twists. the movie starts with a crowd of news reporters speculating on their headlines with the questions like, why did a 20 year old girl killed her future stepmom? we see joe lee, the defense lawyer, arriving at the court. she is considered the most expensive lawyer. then we see public prosecutor tong tower, arriving at the court. he is very famous for winning high profile cases on his name. the reports claim that the reason the case got public attention is because the fact lin tai, the father of the suspect and now ex-boyfriend of her dead girlfriend, is a business tycoon. in the first court session, we can see there is a lot of movement in the courtroom. a group of people from the news watching all of it from the studio, makes fun of the whole situation. the 20 year old girl, lynne menge, is brought into the courtroom, handcuffed and with tears in her eyes. she looks at her father, and he gives her a strange gesture. at last, the judges arrive in the court, and we see everyone standing up for them, a sign of respect. in eastern part outside the courtroom. yang dan's personal chauffeur, sunway, is questioned by lee joe. she asks him if he knew about the affairs yang dan had. few days before yen dan's death, she was caught having a fair. he says he doesn't know, since he is in charge of drivers, not in charge of bedroom. surveillance of camera recorded lin driving over yang she says she was drunk, and she indeed ran over her, but she had no intentions to harm her. tong tao then brings lejo. she claims on the night of murder, she saw lin-mang raging up from the affair that was exposed, intoxicated. she makes a claim that she will kill yang dan in defense. the lawyer brings sunway. he is loyal to lin tai's family for 15 years. he claims he was told to wait upstairs after yang got a call from someone to meet up in parking. he went down after 10 minutes, and he saw red porch leaving. also found yang dead. the defense lawyer shows evidence that sunway made a statement on his birthday that he wants yang to be killed. after series of questions, it is revealed that lin tai was having an affair with his wife, and he always wanted to take revenge. then defense lawyer claims that when sunway saw yang unconscious, and he stole her 3 million yen watch, which was found from his house, and killed yang by poking her head to the nail on the wall, which his tongue slips and he says yes, only to say no again. that everyone is shocked, and lin tai breaks down in court, but also gives a creepy smile to public prosecutor. in flashback, it is shown that tong tao tried to prosecute lin tai three times by now. first time for a fraud, but the witness withdrew the statement in the last moment. in the second time, it was for a property fraud, but again, witness withdrew the statement. on the third time, it was for a financial fraud, and this time, after the witness testimonies. suddenly, a scapegoat took claim for fraud in the court, and lin tai was set free. his assistant asks him that this time it's a criminal case and no one will be a scapegoat for lin tai. which he replies that everyone can be bought, some with money, some with emotions, that he is sure that lin tai knows how to buy people. then we see lin tai walking out of courtroom and claiming he knew his daughter was innocent. after the court session, tong tao asks his assistants what they think about the case, which they replies that they didn't expect sunway to be the killer. he says, who said sunway is the killer? he claims he can read that lin tai had a very creepy smile on his face, and his eyes were hiding something. he then says, lin tai is playing smart with him, so they must play real with him. then they go to the crime scene and find out that the assistant of joe lee was already there. it means they might have erased evidence by now. then he asks his assistants to search for all the bank transactions of lin thai and sunway for any deposits, since he thinks sunway was bought to take all the blame. the next day, they find out that sunway was diagnosed with brain cancer one month before the murder. so he might be bought since he's dying already. secondly, they find the transfer of 2 million yen to sunway's account one week before the murder. the next day, he brings both son way and his wife for interrogation. his wife says, lin tyfel filled all her wishes with money, which her husband would have never done, and she enjoyed changing hormones with lintai. then they interrogate sunway, but he stays silent. the next day, tong tao visits lin tai. tong tao aggressively says that he cannot let this happen, and just because lin tai is rich does not mean he can buy people's life, and he will find the real murderer. the next day, few hours before the next court session, tong tao and his assistants get an anonymous email that claims that the center had video evidence of the murder of yang. they try to locate the sender, but they cannot locate who is the sender. then the video is sent over just as tong tau and his team arrives into court for the cross-examination of lin tai. they decide to watch the video first. as they try to open the video, it does not work on windows media player, so they download another program and play it, only to see that lin tai came out of the car, which is strange. however, the video lags a lot, and they were already late for the court session and the whole court was waiting for them, so they decide to go inside. upon going inside, they try to watch the video. and on testimony, we see lin tai claiming how much he loves his daughter, and he always knew his driver was not normal, and is blaming the driver for the murder of his fiancee. when tong tao is about to present it to the court, strangely, the video is self-deleted, stopping it from being presented in court. upon having no choice, tong tao immediately asks for a recess on the claim that he has a new evidence to reorganize and present to the court, but he needs some time. later, tong town tells his assistant that lin tai is very rich and cunning, but his only weakness is his pride, which is often harmful. when the court session resumed, tong tao compliments him of being a very successful businessman who has 2 000 employees, and he is the only owner to handle. he then asks him if he loved his fiance after hearing confident yes, he asks him what did he think about the affair his fiancee was having, which was leaked on the internet? lintai refuses to answer how he felt. then he asks, after his wife died, he might have tried to look for another woman? he says proudly, that woman chases me, not me going after them. then tong tao asks him, he gave diamond ring to four women in last six years, which he laughs off at. oh, he forgot that tong tao is not rich, so he won't understand. upon hearing that, tong tao took an aggressive stance to cross-examine lin tai and used the infertility of yang dan against lin tai, claiming that lin tai used yang dan, and when he found out she was having an affair with others, and she is not fertile woman as well, he decided to take her life away. surprisingly, this strategy worked and in his agitated state, lin tai shouts that he was actually with his daughter in the suv at the day of the murder. while his daughter had knocked down yang dan, it was lin tai that got off the car and pushed yang dan against the wall, and her head went on to a nail, which killed her. the whole court is in an uproar, and everyone is shocked. lin ty is hence detained. his daughter, ming was also released after the confession of his father, having been acquitted of her crime. few days later, nearing the trial of lin thai, jolie revealed to the audience that her team was the one that had gotten hold of the video and had sent it to tongtao's team. this video was in turn given to her team via an anonymous source. as she was comparing this video, which was shot at an angle different from the security camera feed that was overlooking the scene, she noticed that the movement of sunway's leg was inconsistent. this led her to believe that the video was shot after the murder happened. upon finding this shocking detail, she immediately asks her assistants to investigate whether lin tai had carried out a massive renovation job within the last few months, and whether he had purchased a lot of second-hand vehicles. later, her line of doubt turned out to be fruitful and led her to a deserted factory in the sioux province of china. she goes there and searches into the factory and discovers the interior had been modeled after the car park where the murder of yang dan had happened. this confirmed her hunch that lin tai shot the video in the aftermath of the murder to stage the idea that he was the one that committed the murder instead of his daughter. tong tao also has his suspicion. when he revealed the court footage of lin tai confessing the murder of yang dan, lin tai asking to his daughter to forgive what happened and start her new life before the end of the video, at that time, he made a reference that he would not allow himself to be convicted by tong tao in front of the dragon back wall. ting tao cannot stop thinking what that meant. even his assistants were not able to find out what it meant. unable to fathom what this meant. tong tao visited lin tai's hometown, and he decides to speak to an old villager later. the old person explained the significance of the dragon back wall, telling the story of how in ancient china, the local dragon king took the place of his dragon son that had committed grave atrocities and gave himself up to the heavenly warriors that were there to punish the younger dragon son. the local mountain where this allegedly happened was hence referred to as the dragonback mountain. when tong tao was returning to town, he received a call from meng, who was set free from the crimes, who supposedly called to confess her father's plot to save her. then the movie ends, leaving everyone a strong sense of grief as well as experiencing the power of fatherly love. let me know in the comments what were your thoughts on this case? and please like and subscribe. it really helps the channel. 