listen, that's gonna get you. I love our Blum House comes up with the craziest concepts. and it's not even so much the plot aspect of it as it is just the idea of hiring an Oscar award-winning actress to play a role like this. they then get the director of that Oscar nominated movie to helmut. they get our generations Julia Roberts. just wait. they get another Oscar winner, Allison Janney, who I swear it's gonna finish up her career with. and he got just playing a vet who yells in this one. and then he get treated with the movie scientifically designed to make you cringe like I give this a solid run tip, mainly because I'm excited to see my friends reactions during certain scenes, and then have them be surprised by the end of it when they realize there's actually a crazy message in here about how kids suffer and atone for their parents mistakes. let me explain. so we follow this groaning Maggie, who's returning to her mother's hometown after the East Coast idea that'll work out so well. and now she's the new kid at school again. she gets approached right off the bat by the cool kids who invited her hang out with them. but you should know the moment that you see they're riding a shag wagon that, um, you got to get new friends. if they're writing in that 70s show basement, but it has wheels, you got to move on. they then take turns seeing who can entice an adult to buy them beer. and they keep getting denied, including with this vets assistants named Sue Ann. that is, until she notices the logo on the kids man. see, according to the director, the original script that they were working with, the premise was pretty much what you saw on the trailer, a weird older lady starts creeping on these kids and is buying them alcohol. she invites them to her house make some strip all because she was creepily attracted to them and wanted to fit in, almost as if she just wanted to relive those high school years again, which then just become a high school teacher. we all know that's why they do. turns out, with the rewrites that they actually expanded on her story. see, when Sue Ann was young, she went to the exact same high school these kids did, except it was with their exact parents. Andy's dad, I kept eyeing her back in the day, and was flirting here and there, pretty much making her vulnerable enough to fall for this cruel prank that he had where he baits her into thinking that he's going to be inside of a janitor's closet, when in reality, she goes in there and gives fellatio to a random guy. it blows. years later, after all that humiliation, she no as the kids of her bullies or the people who sexually harassed her asking her for help. and she takes advantage of them, recognizing that logo. so Anne calls the cops in order to keep the kids on edge. that way, the next time that they want to drink together, she pitches the idea of coming to her house, since they'd be safe and away from the cops. I'm gonna tell you something right here. I'm sure that when I was a teen I was also done. I was probably dumb enough to follow you a few blocks down. maybe dumb enough to go under a bridge, an alley at most. but the woods, he'll know I've seen Miller's Crossing by that point. I would see the dishes right away. they get duped into going into mom's house anyway, we're her only rules are to not take the Lord's name in vain, swear or go up the stairs. and the kids don't even question it at all, because Maas basements, in a couple of weeks, becomes the go-to spot for every kid from other schools to hang out. even the Christian girl who sleeps more than Jeff from The Wiggles is there. she's just sleeping so that she can avoid anyone asking her to drink. and my is the only one on the block throwing parties on a Tuesday. I was just thinking, why wait for the weekend? I'm not even in Ohio. those parties are pretty fire. if you were in a youth camp again, you can see the movie like Blum House's place beyond the pines, right? it's a little bit more on the b-movie side, but it pretty much still is the story of these kids who are atoning for the mistakes their parents made. it's this vicious cycle that many times continues because these kids may be creating their own victims. one of the best lines in the movie is when Andrews dad reminds her that he was just a teen when he did his prank. and she reminds him. so was I even more when you look at Maggie's mom and the other students who were there, it's kind of asking you if the people who were just observing and knew what was happening, but they didn't do anything to stop it, are just as culpable. a big thing that gets repeated in the movie, even to a cringy degree, are these kids who keep gloating about being cool and how that forces them to do these things. Haley makes fun of Maggie for not wanting to hang out with the cool kids at first, even though ain't nothing cool about begging for friends. Haley, Chaz wants Mada buy things for her basement for him, and he thinks that by making fun of her, he'll get what he wants, saying, don't you want to be cool, MA, and you to buy these things? of course you didn't, pulls out a gun on him, makes him strip and says, align milk. did that body good. but it still stands the idea of using cool as leverage, which will never go away. even Missy piles character, who I'll always remember her as fran from dodgeball, but her character, Mercedes in this movie, who was also into Anne's class, keeps making fun of everyone. and she doesn't think that they're cool because they failed at their dreams that were following after high school. even though she forgets she's day drinking at a casino. so imagine how uncool ma feels when these kids start ghosting her. she's so desperate for their attention that she pretends to have cancer, knowing good and well that Andrews mom died from it a few years ago, and that would be a soft spot. ma then bumps into Andrews dad, and surprisingly, he asked to go on a date with her. Maya's getting all dolled up, ignoring the fact that this is the same guy who duped her back in the day, and he does it again. turns out that he's been following his kids van that he gave him with a GPS tracker this whole time. and he's like Maggie and Haley, who at this point, take Mouse completely weird and have told their boyfriends to not go over, decide to break into mom's house because they realize they're missing jewelry, and ma has it on. they're also missing her boyfriends, and ma has them on too. when they break into her house, the movie then turns into, don't breathe, because they start hearing noises upstairs. they bump into a girl who Maggie actually met on the first day of school, except this time she's walking and she's not in a wheelchair. it turns out that Sue Ann actually has a daughter from her failed marriage, and she's got her locked up upstairs. so anthing climbs to her daughter, that she's sick and she can't go out. but she could also be treating Jeannie like gypsy, and it could all be an act. by the third act, ma goes off the top, like this is the reason people came to see this movie. ma feels no one is on her side, so she runs over Mercedes, thinking she's doing the world a favor by getting rid of her. she kills the vet cuz screw the animals they had on the schedule. shoots a Snoopy police officer, who's actually played by the director. and then drugs Andrews dad, who wakes up tied to her bed, misery style. and this lady almost cuts off gifts bratwurst. we don't get the most bloom house part of the movie. and that's the one that takes place in the basement. because my invites all these kids to her basement for one last hurrah. conveniently, is able to get rid of all the extra so it's just the main cast, and she's able to drug them. she then proceeds to stitch up Haley's mouth so she can finally shut up, irons Chaz's six packs since he's a douche bag, and then paint store else face white, since, according to her, there could only be one black person in the group. at this point, Andy regains consciousness and tries to dupe my by kissing her, knowing that ma has a thing for him. his kid does not realize that this is the exact move his dad did years ago, and that's what started this whole thing. suanne realizes this and stabs the boy, and it sets all of these drugged up children in order to take a picture with them house that Jack built style it. this is ma. the Houston gets set on fire cuz it's a Blum House movie, with 15 minutes left. and while the kids in Jeannie are able to escape at the last minute, Sue Ann embraces her fates, walks up this fiery building and lays down next to Andrews dad, finally getting that alone time she wanted with him in bed. and it's hot, literally, it's literally flaming. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. what did you think of mod, that it hold up to the expectations that you had for it? I always find plumb house interesting, because for every mod that they release, they have another movie coming out this year called about the highway that's the complete opposite. like, a lot of people are really quick to blame Blum house for, like, making these crappy movies. I don't think that's the case. usually we complain about movies because the studio's interfere I feel like when the movies are bad is because Blum House isn't interfering at all. he's allowing one to make whatever crazy idea that the filmmaker wants to make. so many times it doesn't end up being, you know, the best thing possible. but as much as we make fun of Blum House for giving, you know, two mil or five, no budgets, better to have a five mil budget and make the movie you want that'll get distributed and seen, as opposed to getting like, an 80 mil budget, and then what people are watching isn't even the movie that you tried making. it is too much meddling. so I'm curious to see what people think about this movie, and more so the bigger ones that come out, because, again, Blum House will come out with this movie, and then they'll have the whip lashes and the get outs. a crazy company. but there's almost somewhere in the middle, I think that could have done more with it. I still, you know, keep it as a rented out, a junior price. but there were some good lines in there, some that I had quoted. one that I really liked at the end came from Maggie's character, who, like almost really Avengers her mom, or more so, atones for her mom's stuff by saying that she's not weak, and she's not like her mother. so, you know, that there's some gems that go in there here and there. other than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and now I'll bring you a six pack 