goring wakes in a concrete cell marked with the number 48. his cellmate, trimagassi, explains that they are in a vertical self-management center, aka the pit, a tower style facility in which food is delivered via a platform that travels from the top down, stopping for a fixed period on each floor. those on lower levels can eat only what those above leave. and the cell is heated or cooled to fatal temperatures if anyone tries to keep any of the food. people are randomly reassigned to a new level each month. each resident is allowed to bring one item in with them, goring choosing a copy of don quixote, and trimagassia self-sharpening knife. trimacassi reveals that when assigned to level 132, he and his former cellmate cannibalized a resident who had fallen down the shaft. one day, a bloodied woman named miharu rides down on the platform. try my gossi explains that she descends the pit every month in search of her child. as they talk, it is revealed that goring volunteered to spend six months in the facility in exchange for a diploma. and trimagassi is serving a year-long sentence for manslaughter. over the first month, they become friends. but on the day of the room shuffle, goring wakes up tied to his bed. they have been reassigned to level 171, where the platform is expected to be empty of food when it arrives. trimagassi explains that he plans to cut strips of goring's flesh to sustain them both, and if goring is complicit, he may survive. on the eighth day, trimagassi grows weaker and starts cutting into goring's leg, but is attacked by miharu as she comes down the platform. she frees goring and he kills traimagasi. miharu cuts out some of trimagasey's flesh, feeding goring and eating some herself. she nurses goring, but leaves on the platform when he asks her about her child. [Music]. on the night before the shuffle, goring is haunted by trimagassi, who explains that they are now both one and the same, and that trimagassi will never leave him. in the third month, goring awakes on level 33 with a woman, imo guerry, and her dog, ramuses ii. goring recognizes her as the administration official, who interviewed him before sending him to the cells. she says that she was unaware of the horrible conditions and volunteered to try to fix things when she was diagnosed with terminal cancer. imo guerry rations her food and attempts to convince the men on level 34 to do so as well, but they ignore her. two weeks pass and goring threatens to defecate on the food if they do not, and it works. the two begin to argue over their methods of persuasion. [Music]. one day, miharu arrives injured, so goring and imogueri nurse her back to health. goring mentions miharu's search for her child to imo guerry, but i'm oguri says that children under 16 are not allowed into the facility, and miharu entered alone. she also claims to know that there are 200 levels in total. goring awakens the following month on level 202 and finds that imo guerry has hanged herself plate with visions of trimagassi. and imo guerry goring eats her flesh to survive, experiencing hallucinations of trimagassi instructing him to do so. at the start of the fifth month, goring is assigned to level six. his new cellmate, baharet, attempts unsuccessfully to climb to the upper level to try to escape. estimating that there are 250 levels, goring convinces biharit to ride the platform down with him, rationing the food so all get a share. they decide to protect the food until they get below level 50. from there they'll start to pass out the food. one of the prisoners, the wise senior brambang, convinces them to send a symbolic message to the administration in the form of leaving a single dish untouched a panna cotta. as they descend further, they hand out portions to the prisoners, attacking those who refuse to cooperate. on the way, they encounter miharu fighting two other inmates, and try to save her, but she is killed and they are severely injured. boring and biharit continue to descend, eventually reaching level 333, where the platform stops. goring notices a child, miharu's daughter, hiding under the bed. he gets off the platform, followed hesitantly by baharet, only to have the platform continue downward, leaving them behind. despite bihar its reluctance. they feed the girl the untouched panna cotta they had saved as a message for the administrators at the top. goring passes out and dreams of baharet telling him that the girl is the message. the next day, goring finds biharit dead, having bled out from his injuries. goring takes the child with him. when the platform arrives, they descend to the bottom of the pit, where he once again hallucinates trimagassi, who tells him that the message requires no bearer. goring gets off the platform and walks away with trimagassi, both turning to watch as the girl ascends on top of the platform. 