[Music]. in 1944, in a Nazi death camp, Nazi scientist Klaus Schmidt witnesses a young Erik Lehnsherr, bend a metal gate with his mind. when he is separated from his parents. in his office, Schmidt orders luncher to move a coin on his desk and kills the boy's mother. when Lehnsherr cannot, in grief and anger, lungers magnetic power manifests, killing two guards and destroying the room. meanwhile, at a mansion in Westchester County, New York, child telepath Charles Xavier meets young shapeshifter Raven, whose natural form is blue skinned and scaly. overjoyed to meet someone different like himself, he invites her to live with his family as his foster sister. in 1962, Lehnsherr is tracking down Schmidt while Xavier graduates from the University of Oxford. in Las Vegas, CIA, officer Maura McTaggart follows US Army Colonel Hendry into the Hellfire Club, where she sees Schmidt, now known as Sebastian Shaw, with mutant telepath Emma Frost, cyclone producing Riptide and teleporter Azazel, threatened by Shaw and teleported by his Ageless of the joint war room. Hendry advocates deployment of nuclear missiles in Turkey. Shaw, an energy-absorbing mutant whose powers have d aged him, later kills Andrey. McTaggart, seeking Xavier years advice on mutation, takes him and Raven to the CIA, where they convinced director McKown that mutants exist and chaough is a threat. another CIA officer sponsors the mutants and invites them to the secret division X facility. McTaggart and Xavier find Shaw as Lehnsherr is attacking him, and rescue Lehnsherr from drowning, while Shaw escapes. Xavier brings luncher to Division X, where they meet young scientist Hank McCoy, who believes Ravens DNA may provide a cure for their appearance. Xavier uses McCoy's mutant locating device, cerebro, to seek recruits against Shaw. Xavier and Lehnsherr recruit stripper angel salvadore, cabby, Armando Munoz, army prisoner Alex summers, and run away Sean Cassidy. they all create nicknames, and Raven dubs herself mystique. when frost meets with the Soviet General in the USSR and uses her telepathic powers to pretend to have sex with him. Xavier and Lehnsherr capture frost and discovered that Shaw intends to star World War 3 that will trigger mutant ascendancy in the extinction of the human race. Azazel riptide and Shaw attacked division X, killing everyone but the mutants, whom Shaw invites to join him. Salvador accepts. when summers and Munoz retaliate. Shaw kills Munoz in Moscow. Shaw compels the general to have the USSR install missiles in Cuba. wearing a helmet that blocks telepathy, Shaw follows the Soviet fleet in the submarine to ensure the missiles breaking u.s. blockade. Raven, thinking McCoy is attracted to her in her natural form, tells him not to use the Cure. when she later attempts to seduce Lehnsherr by taking the forms of various women, Lehnsherr tell us where she is, beautiful. ah, she is in her natural mutant form. McCoy uses the Cure on himself, but a backfires, giving him blue fur and lion-like aspects, with McCoy piloting. the mutants and McTaggart take a jet to the blockade line, where Xavier uses his telepathy to influence a Soviet sailor to destroy the ship carrying the missiles. and luncher uses his magnetic power to lift Shaw's submarine from the water and deposit it on land. during the ensuing battle, Lehnsherr seizes Shaw's helmet, allowing Xavier to immobilize Shaw. Lehnsherr tells Shaw he shares Shaw's exclusivist view of mutants, but to avenge his mother, kill Shaw over Xavier objections by forcing the Nazi coin from his childhood through Shaw's brain. fearing the mutants, both fleets fire missiles at them, which Lehnsherr turns back in mid-flight. McTaggart tries to stop Lehnsherr by shooting him, but he deflects the bullets, one of which hits Xavier in the spine. luncher rushes to help Xavier, and, distracted, allows the missiles to fall harmlessly into the ocean, parting with Xavier over there, differing views on the relationship between mutants and humans Lehnsherr leaves with Salvador. Azazel, Riptide and mystique. later, a wheelchair-bound xavier and his mutants are at the mansion where he intends to open a school. McTaggart promises never to reveal his location. and they kiss. when they kiss, Xavier uses his powers and erases their memories from her mind. elsewhere, lunch, her fries Frost from confinement. I prefer Magneto. [Music], 