hey people. john here from fast films, and today we're going through a 2009 horror movie called the descent, part two. the movie starts with ed oswald driving down a road in his truck. the radio gets stuck, and ed gets distracted trying to fix it. he bashes on it and almost hits a deer. he hits the brakes just in time, and the deer walks away. right at that moment, a girl with blood all over her body startles him by banging on his car window. in the next scene, a news reporter is reporting the news of the disappearance of juno kaplan and her friends in an underground cave system. juno is the niece of a senator. the reporter rushes over to a rescue team that came out of the cave. she makes one of the rescuers called greg, angry by asking him ridiculous questions. greg's fellow rescuers, cath and dan, pull him away. sheriff baines is at the spot and gets the call that they found one of the friends called sarah. he rushes to the hospital with officer ellen rios, and the doctor updates them on her condition. the sheriff gets mad at the doctor for sedating the only girl who knows what happened. the doctor tells them that she only has minor bruises and the blood of four other girls on her body. when she wakes up, the officer goes to question her. the officers introduce themselves. officer ellen reminds her that she and her friends went on a cave expedition and got lost. she tells them that people are out looking for all of them, and she asks if she remembers what happened in the caves. sarah doesn't remember anything. she recognizes beth when ellen shows her a picture, but has lost some of her memories, and even forgets that her daughter is dead. the officers leave the room since she is unable to ask any questions. at the river, the officers are using one of the police dogs to help find the group. they find an old chapel at the riverbank and send the dog to find them. the dog runs out scared of the place. after a while, at the hospital, the doctor tells them that they found a lot of a positive blood on sarah, even though she isn't a positive and veins starts to suspect her. the sheriff calls dan and tells him they found one of the girls and that she is covered in the other girl's blood. he instructs him to come to the chapel with the other two rescuers, kath and greg. meanwhile, vane tells ellen to prepare sarah to go with them as well. ellen says that she isn't well, but officer vane doesn't listen, and they make sarah get dressed and drive with her to the chapel. everyone reaches the chapel, they find a giant, endless pit in the ground in the center of the chapel. ed tells them about the old, unmapped cave system under them. he recalls that grandfather found it under there. he tells them that his grandfather went down there to find something and never came back. greg throws a glow stick in the cave, and it never hits the ground. the rescuers decided to go down the cave with sarah and the two officers in the car. ellen calls her kid at home. veins tells ellen to bring sarah and prepare to go into the cave. ellen asks her to help find her friends, and they start to prepare. vaynes refuses to leave his gun behind. they all get dressed in appropriate gear and prepare to descend into the cave. they get in a lift that takes them down. ed wing said ellen. as they descend, they all look at each other nervously. as the lift goes down, it starts to shake and make noise, which scares them. they finally reach the bottom and get out. they see an old cave with a cart track. dan gives sarah some water and veins rushes them along. they start making their way through the caves. dan hands them a flashlight and they start to climb down a lower level with a ladder. after a climb down, dan announces that they'll reach a cave system soon. greg says that he found it. they all approach a sign saying, danger. keep out. they break it and head inside. they are impressed by the channels and the caves. ellen asks sarah if she recognizes anything. she starts to look around and gets startled. she thinks something is moving and gets scared, but it's just some calcium deposits. they ask sarah which direction to go, but she has no ideas. kath goes to a section of the cave and finds one of the girls butchered body. the mouth of the body moves and a rat crawls out of it. cat throws up, and veins instructs ellen to keep an eye on sarah because she is now a suspect. they cover up the dead body and move along the channels. dan is the last one to leave the body. they crawl in the tiny spaces and help each other move along. sarah has a vision and hits everyone who is in her way. greg and veins get hit, and sarah runs away. they go after her. in the meantime, sarah is climbing in the cave, and veins is following her with an infrared camera. she turns off her flashlight. vaynes looks for her in the camera. as he pulls out his gun, a crawler suddenly starts screaming in his face and causes veins to fire his gun. on accident, rocks and rubble start to fall on the group, blocking the entrance. when it stops, kath gets up and is stuck in between some boulders. dan talks to her on a walkie talkie and assures her of help. he tries to remove the boulders himself, but fails. he gets frustrated, and ellen calms him down. dan tells kat that they can't do anything to help her right now. he promises to get help soon. and greg also tells her to hold on as they walk away to find the veins. kat says that she will be all right and starts crying. when they leave. a bit further along, veins finds his gun on the ground. in the meantime, sarah is drinking water from the underground channel. cath feels the boulders moving above her. she senses someone running around her. gray. dan and ellen reach a larger part of the cave and light up a flare. greg finds a video camera. it belongs to juno and has her group's videos on it. juno and her friends are getting ready for their expedition. they reach the caves and the video cuts to some time later. the group is terrified and being hunted by crawlers. greg looks up to the camera and they come face to face with a crawler. sarah is also there, hiding behind a rock. they all run and dan turns on his night vision camera. ellen yells for band, but sarah puts her hand on her mouth as danielle's a crawler creeps up to dan. he bites his fingers off and then takes a chunk of his neck, killing him. he drags him away. ellen sits in shock and asks what that was. sarah tells her that it's just her mind playing tricks on her. kath is still stuck under the boulders. she hears someone and calls for dan, but it's a crawler. it tries to grab her and starts digging under her. kath crushes its head with a boulder. ellen apologizes to sarah for not believing her. sarah tells her that the crawlers are blind and can only hear sounds. they keep moving forward. cat gets out and reunites with greg. they hear a crawler and run. veins is all alone and looking around with his torch. meanwhile, kath and greg are trying to find the others. they encounter a crawler and climb up on the wall. they try to not make any sound, but vayne starts talking to them on greg's walkie talkie. the crawler hears them and runs after them. greg throws the walkie-talkie and they climb up. they hide behind a rock. cath tries to contact dan and greg tells her that dan is dead. she doesn't believe him, and he assures her of it. she starts crying and hitting him. he promises not to leave her alone again. she replies that she will kill him if he does. they hear the crawler. and greg suggest that they move along. in a bigger part of the cave, they see a butchered body hanging from the roof over a pit. they wonder how to cross it. greg suggests they jump across using the dead body. kath jumps and hangs from it. greg is about to follow, but gets attacked by a crawler. he takes a chunk out of greg's neck. greg fights back and pulls out a drill. he puts the drill into the crawler's head and kills him. he jumps to cath, but falls into the darkness. kath makes it to the other side and calls for greg. the crawler hears her and attacks her as well, ultimately killing her. ellen is still following sarah. she asks her how to get out. sarah tells her that a flowing stream gives them a way out. they start going in the direction of the flowing stream. ellen gets lost for a second and screams when sarah creeps up behind her. they keep going, but find the stream to be a dead end. they get out of the water. ellen removes her jacket and looks at a photo of her son on her phone. she makes a video on her phone, telling her son that she loves him and wants him to be a good person. she tells him that he is special and tells him to take care. when she stops recording, sarah assures her that she'll get to say that to his face as well. she agrees, and sarah tells her to keep moving. meanwhile, vaynes gets attacked by a crawler. he fights back, but the crawler is stronger. he is about to lose the fight when a girl shows up and viciously attacks and kills the crawler. veins. recognizes her as juno. he tells her that he is there to help her get out and hands her a flashlight. she doesn't say anything and hesitantly takes the flashlight. sarah and ellen are crawling upwards and trying to get out of the caves. at one point, sarah hears a noise and stops. it's a rat. and she stands still as she watches it crawl out she lets it crawl past her, but ellen screams. a crawler hears her and crawls after them. he comes face to face with sarah in the narrow tunnel. sarah lights a flare in his face, and both the girls jump into a pit with muddy water. the crawler also jumps in and is ready to attack. sarah takes a belt out and shoves ellen to the side. when the crawler tries to attack ellen, sarah pulls him back by putting a belt in his mouth. she pulls out a knife and stabs him repeatedly. he falls in the water, and everything is quiet for a moment. the crawler suddenly leaps out of the water and attacks ellen. sarah takes her bobby pin and stabs the crawler in the neck. this kills him. they are about to leave, but stand still as another crawler appears on a cliff above them and defecates into the pit. they realize they are in a pit of crawler excretions and get out. veins and juno also come across a crawler. but juno keeps veins quiet till it moves along. he asks her what they are, and she answers that they are dead. ellen and sarah get out of the pit and move to a stream. they sit there for a bit, when ellen asks how they found this place, she answers that juno brought them there. she wanted to discover and name this place after sarah. she wanted to do it because of the guilt of cheating with sarah's husband. sarah tells ellen that she hurt juno to get out because juno had left her friend beth to die. after that, they get up and start to move along. they look around in the dark with their night vision camera. she suddenly comes face to face with juno, and they get into a physical fight. juno aldosterone kills sarah, but ellen tells her that they are here to save juno. juno almost stabs her, but doesn't. she tells them that she thinks she knows where the crawlers go, and there is a way out through the place that they feed in. ellen doesn't like the idea, but veins insists that juno knows the way. sarah asks why she hasn't left yet, to which juno angrily replies that she didn't have a flashlight and that sarah had stabbed her in the leg. sarah tries to go rogue, but officer vanes handcuffs her to himself to keep her safe. they start moving along a channel and try to stay as quiet as possible. they try to cross a dangerous ledge, but sarah almost slips and falls. rock falls and causes veins to hang from the cliff. it pulls on sarah's hand, and he yells for them to pull him up. juno insists they cut off vayne's hand to save sarah. ellen hesitates, but cuts his hand, and he falls into a pit with two crawlers. juno takes the severed hand out of the handcuffs and they move along. they move to the feeding part of the crawler's caves. crawlers are eating human body parts around them. the girls try to be as quiet as possible and keep moving. a couple of crawlers sent something and growl, but the girls manage to keep quiet. a barely alive greg grabs juno, and she screams. a bunch of crawlers jump sarah and juno. they fight back, and sarah smashes the face of one of the crawlers. and is about to get away with ellen, but sees juno still stuck with one of them. she runs over to her and puts a chain in the crawler's mouth to get him off her. the crawler slashes juno's neck with his nails, and she bleeds out. while sarah cries out. sarah gets livid and bites a chunk of the crawler's neck. after that, she stabs it to death. she holds juno in her arms. juno apologizes and sarah forgives her juno dies. and sarah holds juno and puts a carved knife in her hand, while ellen pleads for them to get out. ellen turns around to see dozens of crawlers. they are right up in her face. sarah gets up and screams as loud as she can. all the crawlers attack her. this gives ellen a chance to escape. she climbs out of the caves and reaches a forest. she screams and then tries to run. she runs a bit further from the cave opening and hides behind a tree. she takes her phone out to call someone, but ed suddenly appears behind her and bashes her with a shovel. he drags her and leaves her at the cave opening, a crawler screams and leaps out of the hole, and the movie comes to an end. thanks for watching, guys, 