welcome to slash forward. in this episode, i'm going to remedy an oversight by going back and reviewing a relatively recent release that should be on everybody's radar, the 2018 sci-fi horror film annihilation. if you've ever dreamed of mixing up a cheeky little cocktail of your dna to see what comes out, subscribe to the channel for some ideas. let's get to it. we open on lena in a quarantine room, being questioned by an authority figure, making vague references to her being involved in some sort of mission that went on for four months, but that felt like only several days to her. her entire away party is now deceased or of an unknown status. and what do you know, and this is her story. we then transition to a meteor screaming through the atti, which is what i call the atmosphere, touching down in a lighthouse. and then we take a 90 degree turn to catch up with lena again, starting off a biology class and poetically prepping some medical students for a semester to be spent attempting to unravel the mysteries of cancerous growth. afterwards, she is approached by her colleague dan, who is looking to invite her to a social event, hoping to get her to come out of her shell a bit after shutting herself in due to her husband going missing one year ago. in her empty home. we scan across the decor, picking up that he was in the military, and watching her cry as she reminisces about how much fun they used to have just tickling. then while she's painting the bedroom, looking for a bit of closure and a fresh start, he goes ahead and wanders on in, searching internally for some sense of familiarity. she attempts to get a debrief from kane, but he's not able to give many specifics about his secret mission. so she begins probing deep. does the people there speak portuguese or swahili or pashto? we all get it, you know, languages. he seems to have the same generalized confusion we saw from her in the opening, and she learns that he doesn't remember much other than appearing at the room with the bed where he found her. then he takes a sip of water and leaves behind a little extra flavor. we then find them racing toward the hospital for treatment, but they get run off the road, by what may be police officers, who then breach the rear of the ambulance and drag them off. lena wakes up in a medical facility where she's comforted and questioned by dr ventress. the doctor is huge on questions, but very small on answers, until she feels comfortable that lena didn't already know any sensitive information. once confirmed, they go ahead and fill her in on all the sensitive information. since she's an expert on genetics and medicine and has some skin in the game with her husband on the verge of death, she wants to help in any way she can. so dr ventress fully initiates her into the club by showing her from where the problem originates. and it's magnificent. we learn that the glowing blob they call the shimmer has been growing for the last three years. they've been setting up and evacuating a progressively larger perimeter as it expands. and every attempt to penetrate it has failed, as no party of explorers have ever come back, leaving the experts pretty much holding their dicks. but now with kane's appearance, they're hoping there's a chance to venture in and return with some usable information at the mess hall. later, some of the grunts approach lena and try to make nice, assuming that she's part of the team. anya invites her over to the ladies table where she meets cassie and josie. we learn they all have backgrounds in various intellectual fields, and are blowing off a little steam before their mission, going into the shimmer. they're part of a new strategy. since they've previously only sent in military meatheads who are either getting killed by something inside or going crazy and killing each other, they're trying an all-female group to see how that works out. with this knowledge, lina goes to make peace with kane, feeling that she knows why he felt he needed to go in, and also feeling like she owes it to him to try to find some answers. with her biology and military background, she feels she'd be a worthwhile addition to the team and volunteers her services. before long, the ladies are all geared up with their proton packs, heading toward the shimmer. since this is exactly what they came to do. they only pause momentarily before entering its comforting womb. and then lena wakes up disoriented in her tent, she stumbles out to find the rest of the party nearby. and none of them have any memory of setting up camp. judging by the rations they determine that they've been inside for approximately three days already. josie then confirms that their electronics are generally working, except no signals seem to penetrate the bubble and the compass is going all wonky. but since they're in a state park and headed toward the shore, they just orient themselves using the sun and head in a southwestern direction. soon they come across a cute little boathouse and do some investigating. lina makes note the beautiful arrangement of flowers welcoming them. appear to be of a variety of different species, and yet all seem to share the same stem system, which indicates they're all of a single species. this represents a level of diversity not found in nature. while making these casual observations, josie disappears. some things grabbed her pack. so after they rush in and pull her out, she is essentially unscathed. although as they retreat to a fallback position, it's not clear exactly what got at her, until a giant old lazy crocodile busts out of the side of the building. it approaches them slowly, and lena is able to neutralize it by removing its brain with some carefully placed bullets. in examining the specimen afterward, lena notes similar indications of interspecies genetic cross breeding as was seen in the plants. despite this, they continue on down river. casual conversation between cassie and lena reveals that they've all chosen to come on this unusual mission because they're all damaged goods in one way or another. and then they emerge into a clearing where they find the old headquarters from back when the shimmer was a little bit smaller. the building appears to be covered with its own local brand of mutations that lena identifies as being tumor-like, which is perfect because they're setting up camp here. in the mess hall, they find evidence of a prior expedition also using the building for shelter. there's a map of the area and a rotation schedule, likely for keeping guard. they also find a ziplock bag that contains a message for those that follow. they pop it into the camcorder and we see sergeant kane, in more vital times, preparing to do a little elective field surgery on one of his buddies, a predictable defect of an all-male crew. when they get the trap door open, we see that what's inside is moving of its own accord. this freaks them all out, and anya tries to convince the group that what they saw was a trick of the light, despite the obvious evidence to the contrary. but ventress heads off to the pool room where they find the body in question now in full bloom, and it's mesmerizing. later that night, lena becomes restless and goes to check some of her samples under the scope. she witnesses that each new cell that splits off does so in a dramatically different form. needing some fresh air. while she ponders this, she heads out to check on dr ventress in her little lookout booth. ventress relays her plan to head to the coast by way of a little town that had to be evacuated. she also offers condolences about lena's husband going crazy. understanding now why lena opted not to reveal her relationship to the group, their deep conversation is interrupted by a loud noise that wakes the whole crew. lena observes a hole in the fence, but they don't find the culprit. forcing them to lie in weight in the darkness, they fail to see the giant bear nearby until it noms onto and drags off shepard. the following morning, josie and anja determined the best next step is to head back. dr ventress, however, came for answers and relays her intent to go to the lighthouse as a group or alone. and then she leaves without them. lena agrees with the others that they should leave, but then flips the script on him by suggesting they're closer to the exit via the shoreline at this point, so the lighthouse is actually the quickest way out, regardless. in an interview cut scene, we learned this to be a lie. as they proceed through the woods, it's revealed that dr ventress has terminal cancer, so self-preservation is not her top priority. then they stumble upon one of shepard's boots, and lena has a need to confirm whether she's dead or alive. so she goes in deep witnessing all manner of strange natural phenomena. and eventually finds shepard's remains at the base of a tree. so she emerges to confirm this, and they continue on. eventually they arrive at the small town and take a rest in a field where the plants appear to have merged with human dna. here, josie, the physicist, suggests that the shimmer doesn't just refract the electromagnetic spectrum, but everything, including dna. this is how these plants have human body plans built in, and also implies that their dna is being reconfigured as they live and breathe. now that they've established their doomed they find a cozy house to secure and anya notices some movement beneath her skin. lina continues her candlelit studies that evening, taking a sample from herself this time and relishing in its magnificence. she then wakes up later with a gun in her face and gets violently put back to sleep by anya. then she wakes up again to find herself and everyone else tied up and gag. anya begins questioning her about her relationship with kane, and wanting to figure out if there's any connections or prior knowledge about how much of a suicide mission this was. despite her thirst for knowledge, she never does remove any of the gags. she sees this whole operation as a series of lies. and since no one else saw the bear that snatched shepard, she wonders if they're not actually in a turning on each other scenario. honestly, she makes a strong case for this. as she is actively losing her mind and turning on her comrades, she decides it's time now for some exploratory surgery to see who the real people are. but then she hears shepherd crying for help outside, another one of lena's classic lies revealed. but when she goes out to assist the rest of them, hear screams and then silence. they're then forced to wait patiently as a large, apparently blind, skull-faced bear lumbers in and sniffs about in an attempt to figure out if they might be tasty treats. it attempts to rile them up. here we learn the screams that drew out anya were actually emanating from the bear's terrible jowls, having taken on some genetic attributes from shepherd, but none of it good. it seems to fancy a little nibble of josie's shoulder, but anya comes back in at the last moment to get her revenge, which truly pisses it off. it goes for her while the rest of them try to break free. and playfully pulls apart some choice portions of anya's upper body and face, and then nearly gets a mouthful of lena when josie manages to break away from her chair and empties out the monster's head. after a brief break, ventress is now determined to get to the lighthouse immediately, before her mind is completely gone as well. the next morning, josie and lena take a brief respite, during which lena confirms the blood check she performed on herself the prior night indicates they're all screwed one way or another. josie, however, has already come to this conclusion, and rather than meeting a confusingly violent end like everybody else, she decides to take a peaceful route and offers herself up to the blooming flower god of the land. lena then proceeds to the shoreline on her own and ventures to the lighthouse through a field of crystalline trees and human remains inside, she finds the hole of origin and a charred corpse in front of a camera. a review of the footage shows a variety of unusual images. and then sergeant kane comes into view, taking a restful position and stating his confusion about who or what he was before he arrived here. unable to bear it, he instructs the cameraman to find lena before setting off a phosphorous grenade in his lap. and then the cameraman is revealed to be his duplicate. she then hears voices coming from the hole, and she makes her way in carefully, eventually finding ventress, enjoying the final phase, finding closure, and having wanted to discover what was inside the lighthouse, and now having it inside of her, she then refracts into a being of pure energy and unimaginable scrum trail essence. from thence forward, she exists only in globular form. her energy droplets then convert themselves into the infinite sphincter that, after collecting a minuscule sample from linum, begins to take humanoid form. lena attempts to flee, but finds that it acts as her shadow in its attempt to learn our ways. it also has no respect, we learn, for personal boundaries, and very nearly crushes the life out of her. after a few experiments, she seems to get the hang of this and casually hands it a phosphorus grenade, which she sets off and then runs. the energy being then staggers and catches fire to the lighthouse before returning to its central pedestal. this results in an immolation of the entire structure, which seems to have a positive impact on the outside world, depending, that is, on how you define positivity. back at the interview, her interlocutor seeks out some additional deets about the intentions and motivations of the being, but lena rightly recognizes that it didn't seem to have any, and may not have even known she was there. it was just nature being nature. you can't put that in a box. when she takes a sip of her water, we get indication that things may be okay now, and further learn that kane stabilized after the shimmer disappeared. she goes to him, recognizing that her husband is gone, and they share a warm but empty embrace. i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch and i'd like to take a moment to give a huge thanks to my donors, memorialized in the hall of headshots. what's to say? i love cosmic horror, and annihilation was fantastic. this one is absolutely worth watching and owning. and you should seek out adding it to your collection. it was just well done all around. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 