[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. and how do you make one of the best superhero movies ever made even better? it's simple. you break down all the ins and outs of the movie to show 150 insane details in easter eggs that nolan left in his dark knight trilogy. now, like all films in the set, the dark knight opens with the bat symbol surrounded by something that will hold significant meaning in the movie. in begins, it was bats which represented fear. in rises, it's ice breaking to show bane. and in the dark knight, we see it flying through fire. fire is a wild and chaotic thing, whereas the bat symbol is very steady in its shape. this shows the battle between batman and the joker, who both represent both order and chaos. in the movie, alfred states that some men just want to watch the world burn. and joker even uses fire at several points in the film. rachel is killed with it, harvey is burned and the hospital is blown up in a massive explosion. the film is very much laced with the idea of duality. as not only is there, of course, batman and the joker, but harvey dent ends up becoming two-face. however, it extends far beyond this, and can be seen in lots of aspects of the film. joker takes two hostages in both harvey and rachel. he kills two people called harvey and dent. he makes two boats have a standoff, and in the final battle, has the hostages swap clothes with his men. joker also wants half of the gangster's money. and hopefully i've shown you that there's always two sides to every coin. no, i'm not talking about harvey dense lucky one. but you know, i like doing crap jokes whenever i can. now, after this opening shot, we cut to a long one over the gotham skyline, in which a window is suddenly broken and the joker's gang swooped down. this imagery very much carries the idea that peace in gotham has been shattered and the clowns are descending upon the city. cut to the joker, and if you look in the distance, you can actually see a spider-man 3 movie poster. making this film the epic marvel and dc collabo that we've all been waiting for. we hear the joker goons talk about a 5-way split, which is then corrected to 6. this shows that the joker told each and every one of them something different and hid the bus driver because it's all part of his plan. throughout the movie, he says, do i really look like a guy with a plan? and now, no, he doesn't. yeah, the genius of the joker is that he's always one step ahead of everyone else. after gamble interrupts his speech with the mobsters, he starts reciting the outline of what he plans to do later in the movie. when talking to the boats, we can see him reading off a piece of paper, showing that he does indeed pre-plan what he's going to say and do. during the mobster meeting, he points at the television and says he hates schemers, but he himself is one, and he just wants to seem like a wild dog because, well, that's all part of his plan. now, the mask that the joker wears during the heist is actually calling back to the 1966 batman tv show in which the joker donned it in an episode called the joker is world. the entire strategy that the joker uses here, which is to make the robbers take out one another, plays on his understanding that humans are self-centered and selfish. each one of them will kill the others so that they can get something better. and this model is very much used for the boats. at the end, though, he's unable to correctly guess the outcome there, joker throws the entire team under the bus, literally, and unmasks, saying the famous line, stranger. this is, of course, a play on the term, whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger. and throughout the movie, joker does twist and turn certain sayings. there is of course, the changing of the van to read, slaughter is the best medicine. and let's put a smile on that face, something which refers to giving a person a glasgow smile, rather than cheering them up, like hopefully this video is doing for you. now, joker, of course, received this glasgow smile himself. and unlike all those that have come before this, joker actually applied the white paint himself. typically in the comics, his skin is bleached. but throughout the movie, if you look closely at his hands, you will see that there is white paint on his fingertips. leger actually put the makeup on himself, rather than using the onset team, as he wanted to have an organic feel to the character, rather than him being someone who was simply pruned for a movie. joker escapes into the bus after putting a gas grenade in the bank manager's mouth. and we can see that the string from its pin is tied to the bottom of his jacket. this means that when he drives off, it will unhook. and we later see something similar when he goes to the gangsters and has a lot of explosives in his coat. we then go to jim gordon standing beside the bat signal. and since begins, this has become a staple of the gcpd. at the end of the dark knight rises, one of the most iconic shots is him standing beside a repaired signal, which echoes this moment that appears throughout the trilogy. he's greeted by ramirez, who i think is based loosely on detective montoya from the comics. however, the latter is a good guy, whereas ramirez is a crooked cop. she mentions her mother being checked into the hospital. and this, of course, becomes leveraged later on when joker threatens to blow one up. she is indebted to the gang because of her mother's medical bills. and it does ask the question, would you turn to crime to save your family? cut to batman carrying out a drug burst on the scarecrow, and we're introduced to the batman copycats, which are based on the sons of batman. from the dark knight returns. batman is attacked by dogs. and dogs actually pop up quite a lot in the film. now, when upgrading his armor, bruce asks how it'll hold up against them, which references this moment. joker is referred to as a mad dog. and joker later says to the chechen that when a dog goes hungry, that he'll find out how loyal they really are. now, the joker attacks batman with dogs at the end of the movie, and it could be because he found out from a secondhand source that he was vulnerable to them because of this opening drug bust. batman goes to gordon, who's in a bank vault. and the character holds up a picture of the joker. on it, we can see the numbers, 2008, 0 7 18. and if you reverse these, you'll get the 18th of july 2008, which is the day that the movie was released in cinemas. next we go to batman's temporary batcave, in which we can see him stitching up his arm. this scar would actually later appear on the dark knight rises. when we see the character in the cave. bruce is keeping an eye on both rachel and harvey, and we see a fake out court scene with the two. in the comics, it was during a trial that harvey had acid thrown at him by gangster moroni, and he became two-face. however, here he's almost shot, showing a slight misdirect now, the gun doesn't go off, and then says, you want to kill a public servant, mr maroney, i recommend you buy american. later in the movie, the first person then kills is public servant detective wurtz, who murders with a smith and weston, aka, an american handgun. now it is possible that this gun came from mr lao, as we learned that they are both chinese. before you call me a racist, yeah, moroni was working with mr lao, so it doesn't make sense that he could get him black market weaponry. now, moroni himself, in the long halloween, was a sort of rival to falcone, who, in the last movie was taken down by batman. though the pair have worked together as well, i do like that he's an excellent succession in the film's canon. we see gordon and den meeting, and there's a lot of duality in this scene. both know that the other one has a darker side to them, and that they have to work with what they're given. gordon refers to him as the white knight, which too brings up the idea of opposites in the title, the dark knight. this idea of mirroring is, of course, shown in two-face, but also in that harvey works in the light to achieve justice, whereas batman has to stick to the shadows. later on, a piece of paper is held up over harvey's face to make him look like batman. but this being white, hammers home the idea of him being a white knight bit of a reach. harvey hints that he's well aware that he's labeled two-faced by gordon's colleagues. and this motif is even carried across to his double-sided coin, which has two faces on it. the idea there's no way to really win with it either shows how manipulative that he can be and how he presents things in a certain way, whilst hiding the truth. at the end of the movie, gordon gives a speech about the fallen white knight in front of a giant picture of him. and if you look very closely, this is crooked, showing that the character himself was two. we see bruce asking lucius for some upgrades, and he makes a joke about being able to turn his head. pretty much all the batman movies before and since this have seen a cow with a solid neck. so this is a sort of meta joke about costume design in general. we're also introduced to coleman reece, who i think might actually be the dark knights version of the riddler, similar to the riddler in the comics. rhys figures out who batman is, but he doesn't tell anyone, because a riddle that everyone knows the answer to isn't worth saying. reese's name itself could be a play on the way that the riddler, aka edward enigma, is often called mystery or mystery enigma. mysteries mystery. okay, might be reaching there, but you know what? i don't think i am i jump to bruce taking out the prima ballerina for some prima pizza. and the conversation moves on to how batman, in some ways, is like a roman protector. in begins, raz al-ghul ii brought up rome and how corruption caused the league of shadows to bring down the empire. this hints once more at the idea of duality, as rome could be seen as good or bad, depending on who you ask. and it's a nice recurring motif across these movies. harvey says, either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. though this could be referring to his journey in the movie, i've always taken it as batman's, because he, in the end, allows people to see him as the bad guy. the joker goes and has his meeting with the mob, in which he does the disappearing pencil trick. this was actually shot over two days, and it had 22 takes in total. nolan being nolan, wanted to do the stunt for real, and this led to three knockouts over the course of filming it. in the end, the stuntman swiped the pencil away at the last second, leading to what is a completely unforgettable scene. and the funny thing about this scene is that when the joker says something serious, the mobsters laugh, but when he's telling jokes, they don't. this is seen in pretty much all the lines of dialogue that he has, and it shows that he's not really a clown, even though people find him funny. we join batman, harvey and gordon on the roof. and this scene massively echoes the long halloween in which they meet in a similar scene. they realize that they need lao. and as batman is the only one who doesn't have a jurisdiction that he's the man for the job, bruce enlists the help of lucius, who wants to use something known as skyhook, which is a real technique developed by the cia in order to quickly get troops out from behind enemy lines. lucius also gives batman his new armor, and we see how the gauntlets fire off, which is something that he uses to help defeat the joker with later on. throughout these movies, there's lip service paid to the armor being weak on the sides. antalya later would exploit this in the dark knight rises when she stabs bruce in his weak points. after a hit is put out on his head, the joker fakes his own death to be taken to gamble. he tells a story about how he got the scores, and this alters throughout the movie, which is actually a callback to the killing joke, in that the joker said, if he had a past, he'd prefer it to be multiple choice. and the chaotic nature of his backstory shows just how much of an unreliable narrator that he is. joker gets gamble's sidekicks to fight each other to the death to be in his gang. and this idea of getting people to turn one another was, of course, used in the bank heist and later used on the boats. batman goes to china with lucius, and we see how sonar is used on a phone to scan the building. later on, we learned bruce actually transformed all of gotham cell phones into a sonar across the city in order to track down the joker. lucius, at one point, actually questions why he's dumping money into mobiles. and he says he's playing it very close to the best. this signifies that this was his plan the whole time. and it feels very akin to the real-life patriot act. now, this movie is sort of reactionary to the fallout of 911. and much in the same way that the u.s government was accused of spying on its own people in order to catch terrorists, bruce does the same thing. the film really makes you question whether an authoritarian figure should be able to hack into people's privacy to catch the bad guys. and it's a very deep subject matter to cover in a superhero film. now, if you're enjoying the video, i'd massively appreciate it if you showed us that this was the breakdown you deserved by hitting the thumbs up button if you subscribe. that'll massively put a smile on my face, and also mean that you never miss one of our easter egg hunts on a film. anyway, bruce bursts into laos building, and the solid backpack thing that we see the cape folded up into is actually something that nolan wanted to adopt for the bat pod. he was worried that the cape would get caught in the back wheel and yank the rider's head off. and though that wasn't the case, it's nice that the idea of it makes it across here when bruce shoots bombs against the windows. we can also see a countdown timer of roughly 2 minutes and 30 seconds. and this is actually how long the scene lasts before they explode, showing how well nolan likes to edit things to ticking clock. not long after, we go to the mayor's office and see that the joke has started killing some of the copycats. he leaves a card on one saying, will the real batman please stand up? i think this might be a reference to eminem and all the people that copied him. turns out that this is actually the batman dude who has bruce at the start. what makes him any different? and he's been killed and forever recorded on handheld video. now, this video was actually made by heath ledger himself, and it accounts the victim's death. these sort of homemade hostage films became prevalent with the release of handheld digital cameras and, of course, cell phones, which pits this movie even closer to reality. now, at bruce's penthouse, there is a party being held, and i wasn't invited, which i'm completely furious over. alfred and harvey meet for the first time. and the former says that he hasn't known rachel for her whole life just yet, which could be the scriptwriters playing up the fact that he will actually know her, because, yeah, she dies. bruce enters asking, where is harvey? and later on, when the joker arrives at the party, he does the exact same thing. this shows that the two are closer than you think. and there's another moment that highlights their similarities. when bruce walks out onto the balcony, he tosses away the champagne, and when joker comes in, he grabs a glass and spills the contents everywhere. this shows that both like to keep a clear head, and that they only make it seem like they drink to keep up appearances. bruce brings up harvey's campaign slogan, i believe in harvey then, which is actually a line from the end of the long halloween. when yoga enters the party, you can see michael kane looking very shocked. and he was actually meant to say something at this point, but he was so enamored by the performance that he completely forgot his line. amongst the party guests, namely the old man that joker grabs is none other than senator patrick leahy, who's a huge batman fan. he's actually appeared in a number of batman movies and was blown up in the senate during bbs. joker lets rachel fall out of a window, and batman has to dive out after her, which apparently lets the joker know that the pair care about one another. but meh, i don't know. i feel like he would have done that for anyone. anyway, occur to alfred and bruce talking about what he wants. and alfred tells the story about how some men just want to watch the world burn. bruce says that criminals aren't complicated. and this is a call back to razar ghoul, who said the same thing to him in batman begins. i absolutely love the way that bruce is trying to scan joker's face in order to find a file for him, but non-exist. we never get a true backstory for the character in this movie. and his anonymity is one of his greatest weapons. batman digs a bullet out of a wall in order to find a fingerprint on it. and i believe that the bullet wall antenna was referencing the scene due to the colour of the wall. it's a reach, yet it's a reach. now cut to the funeral, and the joker makes it seem like he's going to be sniping the official, because that's what tends to happen in assassinations. however, he's always misdirecting people, and he actually goes in with his men disguised as gods, because they'll be able to carry guns. he knows that batman will find him, and lures him to a location in the hopes that he can be taken out by his sniper. and though it doesn't go according to plan, it still shows his ingenuity. army captures a guard played by david das malchain, who's been cast in a number of comic book properties, including gotham, ant-man and the upcoming suicide squad movie. harvey holds him at gunpoint, and we can see that one side of his face is almost completely in shadow, foreshadowing his turn to the dark side. hey, have a nut. a batman talks him down, and in hindsight, we know that because of his coin, that he never would have killed him. but it still shows that harvey is willing to mentally torture someone. he holds a press conference, and we hear the line from a heckler, things are worse than ever, which is a callback to when rachel said the same thing. and batman begins. now gordon's death is fake, showing that, just like batman, he has to operate outside of jurisdiction and so on, in order to catch this new kind of criminal. the car chase takes place, and the bat pod bursts out the batmobile. in the run-up to the film, it was said by nolan that the bat pod was actually in batman begins, he just had to look very closely. and this is, of course, where it was all along. your cheeky boy, nolan. i kind of see this scene as being similar to the one in batman returns, in which the batmobile is destroyed, but the dark knight is still able to go on due to the pod coming out of it. batman and the joker face down on the road, which foreshadows the idea of them being an unstoppable force hitting an immovable object. harvey is seemingly saved, but he's escorted by detective wurtz and ramirez. and as we later learn, they are working for the mob. joker is placed in a cell and i love how amongst his knives, there's also a potato peeler. you never know when you're gonna want to make some chips. one of his henchmen is brought in, and we learned that he has a cell phone bomb placed inside of him. similar to batman, the joker has weaponized cell phones in a way to further his own gains, which is a great little mirroring between the two. batman and joker have a conversation with each other, and joker even hints at the police will hump batman down, which is, of course, how the movie ends. the joker says, you complete me. and this moment is a call back to jerry maguire, something that lego batman watches in his solo movie. bringing the two franchises together, joker discusses interrogation tactics such as not going for the head, which likely shows that he was involved in some sort of torture. later in the movie, joker talks about how things are all part of the plan, even if they're horrible. and mentions a group of soldiers being blown up, which many have theorized confirms that he is, in fact, an iraq war vet. if this is true, then he could have been a military interrogator that was attacked by insurgents. and the scars that we see on his face could actually have come from a bomb. now, in this scene, the joker makes batman choose between harvey and rachel. and he says that he's gonna have to choose who lives and who dies. it's revealed that the joker actually gives batman the opposite locations. but in some ways, he was telling the truth. joker said that he will have to choose who dies. and batman chooses to go to rachel, who is revealed to be harvey. therefore, in choosing rachel, he's actually choosing her to die. and yeah, it's, it's very smart, once you really think about it. now, he reveals that den is being held at 250 52nd street, saying that again, as 250 52nd street, there's this idea of there being two twos in it, and 50 50, which foreshadows him becoming two face. joker actually allows batman to beat the crap out of him, and we can see later that he uses a shattered piece of glass from the mirror to take a policeman hostage. when he's sitting against the crack mirror, we can actually see those shards behind him, and therefore piece together how he was able to get out. now, the shots of rachel and harvey actually foreshadow their fate. rachel is pretty much in complete darkness, whereas half of harvey's face is lit, hinting to us what's gonna happen next. joker escapes. and they honestly could have stopped the movie there. i think it still would have been one of the best films ever made. alfred almost gives bruce a letter from rachel, and in the dark knight, we hear more about this, bringing the moment full circle. in the hospital, harvey lifts up his coin and sees that the other half of it is burned. and that's because his other half got burned. a sorry rachel. now it is scott on one side and not the other, which is lucky, as he can now use that cool little character gimmick that that he's been wanting to do for so long. the joker holds all the hospitals hostage and puts out a hit on mr reese, meaning that batman has to go and save him as mentioned in our begins breakdown. this car is actually a lamborghini mochi lago, which means bat in spanish. nice little character gimmick there too. now, the joker reference is burning half the money, which could also be a nod to how he burned half of harvey. joker has the hospitals cleared out so that he can swoop in and take him without any guards. i always found it hilarious how it was only after he took the mask off that harvey realized who he was. wasn't the bright wig and the stupid face paint that gave it away was it was the mouth. when he allows harvey to hold his life in his hand, he actually holds back the hammer on the gun, showing that even if he lost the flip, he wouldn't lose and would get out of the situation without dying. joker blows up the hospital. and contrary to popular belief, this wasn't just one take and made up there and then. heath practised it over and over again to get everything down so that when the explosion did go off, the performance looked amazing. the joker records another hostage video with the gnn news correspondent and we can see that he's hung upside down, almost like a bat batman enacts his final plan with help from lucius. and harvey goes out on a quest for revenge. when moroni is just about to get in the car, if you slow the footage down, you can actually see that harvey grabs his henchman and pulls him out the way, explaining how the switcheroo was carried out. harvey also takes off his seat belt when he's in it, just before it flips, showing how he manages to get out. batman storms joker's hideout, and we can see the sonar, which looks very similar to his detective vision. so far, joker has been right about human nature, but i love how in this one, we prove him wrong, and humanity wins the fight for gotham's soul. batman manages to catch the joker and saves his life, showing that he is the true hero that will do good no matter what. he talks to him upside down, showing that the pair have opposing ideologies, and it's one of the most haunting ways to save their world to the character. now, the beauty of joker's plan here is that he wanted to show batman that the police would turn on him, and in taking down the swat team, they eventually do. batman goes to harvey and saves gordon's son by diving over the edge with the villain. bruce's fall. and later limps explains why he's got one. in the dark knight rises, and it's likely that only his cape catching the air is what stopped him from dying. gordon says, thank you, and batman says, you don't have to say that, which is, of course, playing on the ending of batman begins, in which the cape crusader said something similar. batman takes the fall for harvey, and he lives long enough to see himself become the villain, the hero that gotham deserves, but not the one it needs. harvey is someone who represents what the people can aspire to. whereas if people try and become batman, they'll end up like the sons, and will break the law rather than upholding it. for now, batman knows that he must sacrifice his image in order to serve the greater good, and hopes that people will aspire to be more akin to harvey than him, making him the true hero of it all. that ends the movie, and i really hope you enjoyed it, as a lot of work went into this. and again, i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. if you enjoyed this video, then make sure you check out our full brighton batman begins, which will be linked on screen right now, without the way, thank you for watching. until the end, i've been paul. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 