this movie recap tells of an adventure drama genre. movie tells about the great struggle to survive, and also has very deep human values. although this movie rarely uses dialogue, this movie is able to present a deep meaning about the meaning of life, and of course, it is very informative for all of us. this movie begins with a middle-aged man who is alone in the snow desert. he seemed to be digging a trench in the middle of the vast snow field with his bare equipment. he continued to scratch the ice tirelessly. apparently, the man made the letters sos, or an emergency signal for help, interrupted in time to seek help. the man fished on the ice that was hollowed out for daily food so that he could survive. it must be eaten raw, because he had run out of materials to make a fire, because it was impossible if there was firewood, because there is a sea of ice and snow there. so far, we can already feel the pain he feels, what's wrong in the morning. if we imagine loneliness and a sense of longing to meet his family at home, most likely he is an accident victim who is still alive in the arctic desert. written on the plane reads, eyes polar cargo. we find out it was a logistics transport plane that happened to crash in that place. and we know it was only separating the man alone. we can see from his condition that he seems to have been there for a long time and is surviving while waiting for help to arrive. to survive, he did various scheduled ways. then when he fell asleep, he took off his shoes and saw that some of his toes were missing, indicating that iya had cut off her toes because she was exposed to prost bait or a cold disease that made body parts die and rot. then once in a while, he often visited a stone and cleaned it. what we know may be a friend or even a close relative, who died and was buried there. then he said the word until tomorrow. again, when he returned from the grave, he checked the results of his fishing rod. then he was surprised that the coffin of keon's fish was torn apart. then he understood that the polar bears had begun to head towards his territory. he panicked and ran into the plane. and now he knew he had to be more careful with the attack of a polar bear that could suddenly attack him. then he always does the routine of sending scheduled transmissions by turning the generator to get a signal. that could be if there is a plane passing by, and find a signal from it. he does this every day without getting tired and giving up. every now and then he looks at the surroundings, all we see is endless ice. it was night and he fell asleep. then the next day he made a transmission. again, unexpectedly, a miracle came when, while playing the transmission, it suddenly gets a signal, and it looks like a plane is passing by. incidentally, that day the weather was not friendly. there was a storm there. he tried desperately to call a helicopter that happened to be passing by the place. then he used the only flare he had left, and finally the helicopter approached him. he seemed very happy, because the months of waiting had finally arrived. however, fate was not on his side. due to the strong winds, the helicopter lost its balance and ended up the helicopter fell and exploded. then he ran towards the helicopter and found the plane already destroyed. he tried to get closer, and he quickly opened the plane door. then he helped people inside. maybe there were still people who used to be saved. and it turns out that the pilot did not survive and was crushed to death in the plane. however, there is one co-pilot who looks safe. but that person has a deep wound in the stomach. and unfortunately, the person is a woman who is not used to english. she treats the woman's wound and waits for the storm to subside. there the storm is still quite big. he tried to cover the woman so she wouldn't get cold. after the storm subsided, he saw that the food supply was very large. and then he looks for the possibility that there are other items that can be used again, especially important items. how happy he was to find a satellite map and other supporting equipment. he saw the food. he ate very voraciously, because it had been a long time since he had eaten a flavored one. with great difficulty, he tried to remove the body of the pilot, and he buried it. then he went back to check the inventory there, and finally he found a cooking utensil. he was very happy because he had not eaten warm food for a long time. then he finds a photo and then saves it. he also found a carrier in the helicopter, which made him feel happy, because it would be very useful to carry the girl and other belongings. after successfully bringing women into the wreckage of the plane, the woman regained consciousness. he spoke something. because of the language barrier, he understood the meaning, and he told me that the pilot had died. the woman fainted again. then he placed his family photo near the woman, so that he remembers his son, who is still waiting for his mother's figure. and has the spirit again to be able to survive in the middle of the icy, snow desert. while preparing his wound medicine and treating his wound, again, he studied the map he found and started looking for his current position point. he cooks fish mixed with noodles, and for the first time, he ate very delicious food while he was in the void. he also fed the woman and said, it will be fine, and you're not alone. then he continued his usual routine. until a few days later, he began to think, should he try to get to the station on foot? then he began to draw the route he would take. he thought it was better to fight than to wait for something that was uncertain. at least with the helicopter incident, he has a hope and also the responsibility of a woman who is sick by making up her mind. she began to prepare everything to go to the station. the day of departure arrived. with strong determination and prayer at every step, he tried to wade through the vast and frozen field of ice. one full day, it went quite smoothly and with favorable weather. but of course, the journey was still very far. even on the map, he hasn't even reached a quarter of it. he knows this takes patience and determination. and night fell, he decided to rest and sleep by digging the ice. and they went to sleep. and don't forget, he always says to that woman, we will be fine, and you are not alone. what a heart-wrenching word. the next day, he continued to walk in the storm that was blocking his way. as he looked at the map, he still had not reached a quarter of the way, and in the end, he was on his way. he found the base camp. supposedly someone had survived there, who was probably dead by now. after that, he walked again. and he was confused because he was dealing with a very steep cliff. he went back to reading the map. actually, there is no this cliff. he is sad, but still not discouraged. then he tried to go up the cliff and check the top of the cliff. is this really the way? and it turns out to be true. it looks a very, very smooth road, which is flanked by cliffs that will make his journey not hit by the wind. and hear the dilemma occurs, if only iya didn't take the woman, this might be the way he would take. while if he didn't go this way, he would have to go back around the road, which would be double the normal journey. was also on the edge of a cliff that would cause him to get hit by the wind the direct way. he tried to pull her away after checking up the cliff. and then he was sure that he could be strong enough to pull the woman up. and for the sake of humanity, he wouldn't have the heart to leave her. moreover, he was willing to help her until she had to lose the husband of the pilot. with a determined determination, he then climbed the high cliff while carrying a rope. arriving at the top, he began to pull the woman on a stretcher with great pain. the woman used to be pulled up little by little. and finally get used to the top. how happy he is, even though his energy has been drained a lot. he found a small cave hole. they rested there. but the danger came. came a strange sound from outside, like a wild animal, thought to be a bear. but suddenly the woman coughed, and the bear heard it and tried to rush in. while inside, he had time to cook food for energy tomorrow to continue the journey again. then he ate and fed the woman too. while they were about to rest and sleep, he heard a voice from outside. he was sure it was the sound of a bear approaching. he is awake and alert if he finds out, and even enters the cave. but suddenly, the woman coughed and made the bear hear it and tried to rush in. situation, he tried to drive the bear away using a flare that he found two seeds in the woman's helicopter. and luckily, the bear was scared and ran away from the cave. he too was relieved and cried. he thought their life would end. their become the bear's meal. the next day, he continued his journey. they were again hit by a great storm. the path is indeed the wind path, and they took cover in the blankets, in the stretcher with the woman, while waiting for the storm to subside. they were trapped in the blanket. after the storm died down and the weather cleared, then they took off the covers and went out. in the midst of despair and hands that are getting blacker, a sign of being exposed to frostbite, cold inflammation, he continued to never give up, while dragging the woman with all his might, until, in the end, the woman's condition was very dying, and of course, also supplies that have started to run out, because the path he passed was beyond his expectations. plus he thought of her for having an infection in his stomach. slowly, he began to travel, seeing that she was a little pale. then he stopped under a big rock and started a fire so he wouldn't get cold. but the woman looked even paler and weaker, and he thought she wouldn't last long. he took the photo with the woman with a heavy heart. he had to leave the woman. on the other hand, he also felt very guilty. he felt this woman could come to this because she had tried to save him. he had to move on. but something happened. suddenly, he fell into a cave covered in snow, and realized that his feet had slipped between the rocks and were caught. there is nothing, it's been off the load. this time his legs had to be pinched. he started to get frustrated and cry. but he felt he couldn't take it anymore. but he didn't give up, and mustered up his strength to forcibly pull his leg until it tore and almost broke. he tried to get out of the cave by turning back, by crawling, he can get out to the top. then he returned to the woman. turns out he's still alive. he holds the photo and for the lady, talks and cries. then he burst into tears, feeling sorry forever, thinking of leaving that woman, even though he knew this woman had tried to save him. then he again determined and apologized, while kissing his hand and trying to strengthen his heart that would never leave him, and carried it with him, even with a broken leg. he treated his leg by bandaging his own leg so that the wound would not rot. he started to pull her back, even though he was holding back the pain in his leg, while occasionally stopping to give the woman water. she also rests to gather energy. it seems impossible to arrive safely, seeing the condition of the two who are getting weaker. this time, he tried to throw things to lighten the load so he could get to the top. it seems impossible to arrive safely, seeing the condition of the two who are getting weaker. this time, he tried to throw things to lighten the load so he could get to the top. before pulling, he walked up to see the situation. and when he got to the top, a miracle happened. he saw, from a distance, a helicopter coming down. then he felt this was the only best chance. then he rushed down and pushed her up the hill, using the remaining strength he could push all the way to the surface. and he screams and also blames flare that only one left. the helicopter never saw it. then the helicopter just went away. and the flare has started to die out. he took off his jacket and set fire to his jacket to increase the flames and duration of the fire. he didn't care about the cold anymore because he felt this was his only chance. then the helicopter left instead. he cried, holding the dying woman, encouraging him, we'll be fine. you're not alone. they both fainted. they are holding hands, but a few moments later, a voice began to approach, and it turned out that behind them a helicopter had arrived. and the movie ends. the message conveyed by this movie is the meaning of an event so that we can better appreciate the life around us. even with such bitter conditions, they are still fighting for their lives and their families, without giving up. 