Hi folks, welcome back to Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a movie titled: Piranha. Be aware, there are spoilers! The movie begins with an old fisherman named Matty Boyd alone on his boat on an isolated part of the lake. He is clearly feeling relaxed and reaches for a beer. Next, as a fish bites on his bait, rocking the boat, the bottle falls into the water and drifts to the bottom of the lake. As it comes to rest, an earthquake occurs. This causes a sizable split to open up in the lake floor, which creates a whirlpool. A swarm of hungry piranha emerge from a newly-exposed prehistoric lake below. He is unable to start his boat and falls into the lake to be eaten by the fish. Our final glimpse of him is a ragged, heavily gnawed and bloody hand that quickly disappears below the surface. Back in the town, the streets are alive with spring break holiday makers looking to party. Jake Forester makes his way through the traffic on a scooter, en route to pick up his younger siblings Zane and Laura. He is then distracted by the presence of a former crush, Kelly. The two of them are busy catching up when her boyfriend, Todd, and his friend arrive in a Jeep. Todd presses Kelly to hurry up, heavily mocks Jake and ultimately throws his drink over him before driving away. Embarrassed, Jake walks over to collect the youngsters, to be greeted by Danni, an aspiring actress. She compliments him on his Pixies t-shirt. He assumes her to be joking with him, but she turns out to be friendly. As they are striking up a rapport, a wannabe filmmaker Derrick Jones arrives. Upon learning that Jake is a local, Derrick convinces him to join his crew as a guide. Later that night, we watch as Jake\xe2\x80\x99s mum - the town\xe2\x80\x99s sheriff Julie - and her Deputy Fallon search for Matty Boyd. As they attempt to haul in his boat, which has come to nestle among some reeds, his heavily mutilated body rises to the surface. In shock, they consider whether they could possibly close the lake, given the presence of thousands of visitors already in the town and the economic importance of this holiday. The next day on a fishing excursion, Jake offers to pay his younger brother and sister to stay at home in order that he can join Derrick and Danni on their boat. His sister proves a tough negotiator and demands 60 dollars to do so - 20 more than Jake himself was due to make from babysitting. He accepts the deal, but heavily insists they cannot use the phone, answer the door or leave the house. Back in the town, the quayside is a hive of activity, with hundreds of young people drinking, dancing and ready to party. At the centre of this are Danni and her co-star in Derrick\xe2\x80\x99s forthcoming movie, Crystal. They are dancing in a provocative manner, to the delight of the crowd. Before climbing aboard the boat to join them, Jake runs into Kelly. Derrick, who clearly finds her attractive, persuades her to abandon her boyfriend and join the party. He promises her champagne if she does so. Elsewhere, it soon becomes clear that Jake\xe2\x80\x99s plan for his younger siblings is not panning out. They have defied his orders and set off for a nearby island together in a long, red canoe. Unfortunately, as they are walking around the island the canoe drifts away and they are unable to recover it. As a result, they attempt to hail a passing boat but they fail to attract the attention of those on board. During one of these attempts, Laura cuts her foot on some trash lying on the seabed and begins to bleed. Meanwhile, following a report of seismic activity below the surface, a team of experts have arrived to investigate. They are escorted to the site of the earthquake aboard Julie\xe2\x80\x99s launch. When they arrive the two divers, Paula and Sam, descend into the depths. Sam forges ahead and forces himself through a tight gap and into the prehistoric lake. He is able to make out the eggs of the piranhas but is quickly attacked and overpowered by a group of them. Paula soon meets a similar fate, but is pulled to the surface and onto the boat by a third member of the team, Novak. Both he and Julie are shocked to discover she is no longer alive. Much of her skin and an eye have been consumed by the predators below. Not too far away, Kelly and Jake are still enjoying the company of Derrick and his crew. With the drinks flowing, Kelly is persuaded to take a tequila shot with Crystal and the two share a kiss. Jake is also invited to join the fun, but at the moment he is about to take a slice of lemon from Kelly\xe2\x80\x99s mouth. Just then, she rushes to the side of the boat to vomit. She is clearly drunk and struggling to keep pace with the others. Back on land, Novak and Julie take a solitary piranha they have captured to the home of Carl Goodman, a retired marine biologist. Having poured the fish into a tank, Carl immediately recognizes it and compares it to a fossil. He explains to the others that this species has been extinct for over 2 million years. They speculate how it may have survived for so long below the surface without a food source. Carl asserts that this is probably due to cannibalism, pointing out the scratches and scrapes scarring the fish in his tank as evidence for this. Now certain of the danger facing those out on the lake, Julie leads her group back to the docks to try and disperse them. Fallon fires his gun into the air in an attempt to silence the crowd so he can audibly instruct them to leave, but the lull in the music is only momentary and the party continues. Hundreds of the college students completely ignore his pleas and plunge into the water. Carnage ensues as scores of them are either killed or maimed by both the piranhas themselves and several accidents that occur as a result of the chaos. Further out on the lake, Derrick and his cameraman Andy, with support from Jake, have been filming Danni and Crystal cavorting around in the water. Derrick, who has been drinking heavily, is irritated to see Jake stop filming, but Jake has spotted Laura and Zane on a nearby island. Derrick is initially reluctant to help them for fear of missing out on the action back in the town. However, he soon changes his mind when he learns that Jake\xe2\x80\x99s mother is the Sheriff of the town. With Andy at the helm, they make it over to collect the kids, but the propeller of the boat becomes stuck. As they attempt to release it, some rocks below the surface smash the boat\xe2\x80\x99s glass bottom that they\xe2\x80\x99d been using to film the girls swimming underwater. The force of the impact tosses Andy, Crystal and Derrick into the water, where they are immediately set upon by the predatory school of fish. Derrick makes it out, but is delirious as most of his lower half has been eaten away. Meanwhile, with the water gushing in and the boat sinking Kelly cannot make it out. She is forced to take shelter on a worktop, trapped below deck. Back in the town, hundreds of stunned and injured partiers are still trying to make it to safety. Deputy Fallon begins shooting the fish in an effort to assist. He runs out of cartridges and picks up an outboard motor instead. He attacks the fish that are surrounding him with it, slicing many of them up. The water turns red with both their blood and his own. Eventually they overpower him and he succumbs to them. Time is of the essence for Kelly, but help is on its way. Julie and Novak arrive on a smaller boat and Julie manages to clamber on to the bigger vessel by rope, desperate to help her children. Jake, however, refuses to leave Kelly, announcing that she wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be there if it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t for him. The kids follow Danni onto the rope. With their mum at the rear, the four of them begin to make their way towards Novak. Danni\xe2\x80\x99s long hair is seen dangling precariously, just above the surface of the water. This gives the piranhas a chance to attack and she is dragged into her death. The others make it across. Over the bigger boat, the resourceful Jake realizes he can use Derrick\xe2\x80\x99s corpse to distract the piranhas. After Derrick utters some rather confused last words, Jake tosses his body into the water. He uses this diversion to swim under the water and join Kelly, still clutching the rope. Once inside, he sets off some canisters of gas and tells Kelly to tie two flares together. They emerge from the boat and instruct Novak to tow them to safety. As he desperately tries to start his engine, the school of fish closes in on the pair. Jake sees this and wraps his arms around Kelly to protect her. The engine springs back into life and the smaller boat powers away, with Jake and Kelly in tow. Meanwhile, the flares cause the propane gas to release to set alight, creating a huge explosion in which thousands of the piranhas are killed. Once sufficiently far away from the fish, the couple are reeled in and climb on board the smaller craft. They are still alive and in reasonable shape, although Jake has some blood on his back, seeping through his t-shirt.The relief doesn\xe2\x80\x99t last too long, however, as Carl Goodman rings them up with news. He has discovered the fish in his tank are yet to develop reproductive organs. It is merely a baby. Before this information can be fully processed, in our last view of the lake, Kovak is snatched from the boat by one of the adult piranhas. It is enormous. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notifications. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 