so there's this movie called Peter Rabbit, based off those delightful kids books that you probably read growing up. but you probably have heard that this rabbit has found himself in a little bit of trouble because he decided to make fun of food allergies. and let me tell you, people have decided to boycott this movie, which ironically has brought it to people's attention, like myself, who would have skipped the movie, but I went to go see it. and let me tell you, this thing's a junior price just for how savage it is. let me explain. so you start off this movie by getting drunk. if you're like babysitting kids or something, and they want to watch a movie, pop this bad boy in, pour yourself a mimosa and have a great time. because, you see, the thing is, you follow a family of rabbits whose parents got killed by this guy named McGregor. so they obviously hate sam neill over here, and they try to wreck his guarding consistently. you got a neighbor over here, played by Rose burns, who I guess works for Peter something, because she's so Pro animals. she's always claiming that it's their world. they were here first, so they can do whatever they want. even though, like Rose, they implant his garden. so, no, they're not allowed to do that. I'll talk about that in the animal kingdom. don't animal shove each other out. anyways, anyways, Peters such a scumbag. he gets the old man to chase him until he gets a heart attack, and then he throws a party for his death. it's a literal Animal House fiesta going on in this house where Peter, I'm not even kidding you. it's puff puff passing carrots. his sister's pulling a little woozy, very jumping off of balconies in order to break her ribs. and there's even this flamboyant pig that's like a hovel way from throwing a pride parade. all of that gets cut off when general Hux McGregor's nephew comes in to sell the place. and he hates these animals way more than his uncle ever did. the movie then turns into like this East LA riot war where the rabbits are fighting this guy. and they even realized at a certain point that, hey, the best way to take him down is with blackberries, since he's allergic to them. now, listen, this is where the scene comes in in the movie where, I know a lot of people are complaining about it, but they haven't seen the movie. if you know me, like I don't even fall on the Sun cent if 'ti skill in any way, shape or form. but boy, do I get why people are trying to boycott this thing. see, they legit. try to murder this dude before he can use his ab bhi pan to save himself. they straight up facial this man with the thing that they know will kiss him. but here's the thing, Peter Rabbit is a straight-up troll. he literally breaks the fourth wall when they figure out that he has this allergy. and like, Peter makes fun of other people who, you know, we all know, fake allergies in order to get attention, but then still says that he feels for those who really do suffer from allergies, just not Hux but then he does this thing where he looks at the camera, winks and says that, i hope we don't receive any letters. he done played us. Peter Rabbit ain't just messing up this dude's garden. in the movie, Peter Rabbit baited people to talk about this movie by including this scene that he knew would trigger people, so the movie would get more attention, and people like myself would go out on Valentine's Day to watch it. Peter, you savage. there's a bunch of other jacked-up stuff that happens in the movie, like, you know, they they try to Green Mile this dude with the electrical fence that he himself sets up. they bully this pig for his outfit, and they just bash him consistently. there's even this joke with a rooster where they kind of explained why roosters are always so excited to cockadoodledoo in the morning, because they didn't think the Sun would come out. and that leads to a joke about how, since they didn't think there would be another day this, roosters just smashing every night. and that leads to him having a dozen kids who he just doesn't know how to take care of. what I cut to the final scene where Peter Rabbit makes amends with Huck's so he can get together with Rose Byrne. they Beetlejuice away in torment, the other family that wants to move in, but it's okay right now. and while Peter Rabbit confesses to all of his shenanigans so they can be forgiven. clearly, the the real world didn't care. because, you know, we think our kids are stupid enough to follow one thing in the movie, but let's just ignore the lessons the movie taught us as well. no wonder Bugs Bunny isn't around in 2018. thank you guys for checking out this video. it's so funny to see that this movie was made, this family film, supposedly was made by the dude who made easy a and friends with benefits. I loved how savage this movie was. I I ain't expected to be that good because I was judging it by the trailer. and clearly whoever made the trailer didn't know what they were doing. but so Sony's apologizing for absolutely no reason. they knew exactly what they wanted. again, you know what? they got me to go see this movie. so I'm curious to know your thoughts on this, any other movies that you want me to cover and breakdown. and remember to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you your own pack of free blackberries. 