welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode 14. we begin with negan back in his cell. but no, it's a flashback confirming that Carol did, in fact let him out to go assassinate alpha. and in the present, Carol puts alphas head on that spike. yeah, finally got her revenge. me it's like, cool. now let's go back to Alexandria. that was part of our deal. you'll take me back there and be like, oh, my god. Meghan's the hero. but Carol's like, uh, what took you so long? you know, hilltops burn now now, right? she's like, you're on your own, negan. I'm not even going back to Alexandria right now. I have some business of my own to take care of. that business is wandering the wilderness having an imaginary conversation with alpha. I've said it before, imaginary conversations with dead characters are my absolute least favorite trope that this show does. it's supposed to be Carroll's introspection of her soul, come to terms with who she is and what she's done, but actually all it does is we start, I'm the hilltop. survivors are hanging out. then Eugene calls everyone for a special announcement. he tells them about his secret radio romance, and he's going out to meet this Stephanie right now. people are concerned it might be a trap. but Eugene has a tearful speech about having hope that there's good people still out there. things he kills like, hey man, you don't have to cry. I'm in let's go find your ladylove. King says goodbye to his loyal bodyguard and best friend, Jerry. and it's a touching moment, as I think, for the first time, Jerry refers to your majesty as just Ezekiel. you MCOs going to leaving behind her lady love, Magna, that she was just reunited with. I guess she's just in the mood for a road trip. now, beta and some whisperers find alphas head. this is difficult for beta to process. his entire existence was serving alpha. so he grabs her zombie head. he's taking her with him. negan goes to untie Lydia, but she's already escaped. and Darrell's there waiting for him. he's real excited to finally kill negan, but negan's like, whoa, whoa. I'm a good guy. I just killed alpha for you. negan leads Darryl back to the spike to prove it. but of course, alphas head is gone now. beta took it. but just then some whispers show up. or it got around that negan was the last one seen with her. they know he killed her. they go all Wizard of Oz on him. the wicked witch is dead. all hail Dorothy. for a few minutes, it looks like negan might embrace his role as the new Alpha. but instead, he blasts these guys like, sea Daryl, I told you I'm a good guy. now, will negan and Daryl be noobest bros? I doubt it. I don't think Daryl can ever forgive negan for all the stuff he did during the savior war. but he has to accept that negan's a goodish guy, at least for now, and eventually comes home too. so negan might finally be accepted into the group as the hero who killed alpha. so the road trip crew is on an adventure. they fight some zombies, but Ezekiel breaks into a coughing fit. remember, he is dying of cancer. Ezekiel's horse falls over. oh, it got zombie bit. he's got to put it down. he's super sad that he's not strong enough to protect people anymore, but Yumiko gives him a pep talk, and they're all good. eventually they get to new city. yeah. it's like the famous season one shot of Atlanta. this is exciting times. we haven't been to a major city in a while. whoever's living in this city has hilariously tied up zombies and dressed em up, having tea parties. yah. whoever this new person is, they are clearly hilarious. and soon we meet them. here's their intro. yeah, I'm excited for this character. bata wanders off, goes to a hotel where someone was staying for a while. and whoever this person was, they're a big fan of country music legend half moon. it's been hinted at, and now it's confirmed. that's who bata was, a country music singer. at first he wants to erase his former self, but then he starts playing his records and has an impromptu zombie concert. after reconnecting with his past self, he finally understands what alphas trying to tell him. he does finally kill her zombie head. I thought he was gonna just carry her around forever. in fact, he does carry her with him in the form of his new half zombie mask, beta wear and a half alpha face. gathers his own new zombie horde. he's keeping the whisperer dream alive. there's only two episodes left this season. how will the Whisperer war end? find out next time on The Walking Dead. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 