hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2006 fantasy swashbuckler film, Pirates of the Caribbean, Dead Man's Chest. so let's get started. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a spoiler, please check out the link in the cards. the wedding of Will Turner in Elizabeth Swann is halted when Lord Cutler Beckett arrives with the rest warrants for both of them and for Commodore James Norrington, who allowed Captain Jack Sparrow to escape Norton, has resigned and disappeared after losing the Navy's flagship in a hurricane while pursuing Sparrow. Sparrow is visited by Will's father, bootstrap. Bill Turner. bootstrap is now a crewman on the flying dutchman, captained by Davy Jones. Jack previously bartered with Davy Jones to raise the black pearl from the depths of the ocean. now Jack must join Jones's crew or be dragged down to Davy Jones's Locker by the Kraken. meanwhile, Lord Beckett promises to free Elizabeth if will will bring him Jack's magic compass, which points to whatever the holder wants most. wil finds Jack and the crew on an island and frees them from cannibals. shortly after, governor Swann frees Elizabeth from jail, but he is then captured. Elizabeth bargains with Lord Beckett to find the compass. disguised as a cabin boy aboard the Scottish merchant vessel. Elizabeth finds Jack and Norrington. Jack and the crew visit a voodoo priestess, Tia Dalma, who reveals Jones's weakness as his heart, which is locked within the dead man's chest. Jack must find the chest and the key that opens it. will makes a deal with Jack to find the key to the chest in return for the compass. Jack tricks will, who is forced him to service aboard the Dutchman. will meets his father, bootstrap bill, and learns that Jones has the key to his chest. will escapes with the key and is taken aboard the same ship that Elizabeth is on. Jones sends the Kraken after will, sinking the ship. but will is able to escape. Jack hires a new crew, including Elizabeth and Norrington. with Elizabeth's use of Jack's compass, they are able to locate the chests. all parties arrive on Isla cruise for the chest is buried, but sword fight breaks out between jack, will and Norrington, all who on the heart of Davy Jones for their own reasons. Jack wants to use it to call off the Kraken. will wants to rescue his father, and Norrington wants to regain his life as a Navy officer. in the chaos, Norrington steals the heart, runs off. Davy Jones attacks the Pearl with the Kraken, which devours most of the crew. Jack wounds the Kraken with a net full of explosives. Jack orders the survivors to abandon ship. but Elizabeth, realizing that the Kraken only wants Jack, tricks Jack and chains him to the mass so that the crew can escape. the kraken drags Jack and the Black Pearl the Davy Jones's Locker. Davy Jones opens the chest and discovers that his heart is gone. in Port Royal Norrington gives Lord Beckett the heart, allowing him to come back into the Navy as well as allowing Lord Beckett to gain control over Davy Jones and the Seas. the black pearls crew takes shelter with Tia Dalma, where they all agreed to rescue Jack. T Adama introduces a captain that will guide them, the resurrected Captain Barbossa from the first film. in a post-credits scene, we see that the cannibalistic tribe from earlier in the film now worships a dog in replacement of Jack. so that was the spoilers for pirates the Caribbean Dead Man's Chest. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 