welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. with the childsplay reboot just around the corner, we've had numerous fans who've managed to get lucky with Chucky and see the film early at test screenings. many of them have been unable to hold it all in and have taken to the Internet to provide us with a pretty extensive plot summary for the entire movie. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film, as well as its ending. I've compiled these from numerous sources. and though you should always take leaks like this with a pinch of salt, they seem pretty accurate from here on out. its full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to have the thumb potentially ruined for you, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now we've seen with my Avengers end game and Game of Thrones leaked videos that the sources I use tend to be 100 percent accurate. so this is your last chance to turn off the video before you ruin the movie. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my child's play plot breakdown. okay, so whilst this is the remake, I'll be predominantly using clips from the original movie, just to illustrate my points, and because the new Chucky doll looks like the Matt Damon puppet from Team America. anyway, the movie opens in Vietnam, where a factory worker that haters boss disables the security restrictions on the company's new top-of-the-line toy named Buddy. in a polar opposite to the original movie, buddy is an AI doll that's basically a walking, talking Alexa with a tasteful murder. you've had rumors that the food ooh possession curse from the original movie would not be appearing in this film, and now we can confirm this. however, there is some ambiguity around this, as the factory worker kills themselves by jumping out of a window upon shipping the doll, which could be interpreted as the passing of their vengeful spirit into the toys. buddy is expensive, and by the time Andy gets him, he's basically old news. with buddy too, scheduled for release in the not-too far distant future. Andy's mom can only afford buddy, even though he wants buddy to but the boy still plays were there and tries to name a time solo. however, buddy just wants to be called Chucky. and after inquiring at the store where she works, Andy's mom, played by Aubrey Plaza, is told that the previous owner must have called it Chucky. anyway, Chucky is glitchy and stutters a lot. a mark hamill, who voices it, apparently uses his full range when playing the character, and it's a fun watch. now, this is where things get complicated, as I think this plot point will anger a lot of diehard fans. apparently, Chucky wants to kill Andy, not because he's got a murderous personality, but just because Andy doesn't really want to play with him. and his after a buddy to feeling neglected, he goes on a rampage. and due to the worker and the factory making changes, it has no restrictions on its behavior. Chucky goes while and kills a handful of people. and the finale of the film takes place a kazlaw place, with Chucky activating some newly delivered body, two dolls, which all go on a rampage. he has Andy's mom tied up for some reason, though I don't know why he didn't kill her, but it looks like he's about to go on a murder spree. at this point in the film, Andy has convinced his friends about the doll, and similar to the ending of it chapter one, they wail on it, beating it over and over. the doll is defeated, and the movie ends with the CEO of the company staying that it was a one-off glitch and that they had nothing to do with the doll acting the way it did. the film ends with bunny 2 being launched, and there are hints that Chucky has managed to inhabit one of these dolls after activating them during the final fight. and that's apparently the entire plot breakdown of the film as it will be released come June 21st. personally, I think it sounds a bit lackluster, with the story being pretty predictable and so similar to the original bother AI stuff, that it doesn't really strike me as something that will be spectacular. I love all brie Plaza and Mark Hamill, though. and if anyone can sell this movie, it'll be them. obviously, just because something is by-the-numbers doesn't mean that it's bad. and there's plenty of films, such as, say, John wick and search, that are pretty predictable, but still a lot of fun. so I am looking forward to it, obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts in the movie. and if you think that these leaks are correct, are you happy with what you've heard so far? do you think this needs to be reassembled? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my spider-man far from home lick pop breakdown, which would be linked at the end. we've also just launched a merge section on the channel, so if you'd like to support the show and get something back from it, make sure you click the links in the boxes below. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace, [Music] 