[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man, and we're reporting live from the Daily Bugle net studios to bring you a brand new breakdown of all the pot leaks for the upcoming Marvel Studios movie, the Eternals. these leaks have just dropped on 4chan and were posted by an anonymous source yesterday who claims to have inside knowledge on the movie. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the plot leaks and giving my thoughts on them. there's not a massive amount of story in here, but I still think it's worth covering, as it actually sheds quite a lot of light on the characters. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. and whilst all leaks like this should be taken with a grain of salt, as we saw with Avengers endgame, Game of Thrones and Joker, these sometimes can be true. so if you don't want anything rune, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the Eternals, okay, so we're going to be going through the bullet points that were posted, and I'll be giving my thoughts and how this might work. now, the first point says, the Eternals are a group of super-powered, immortal alien warriors created by the cosmic engineers known as the Celestials. they were sent to earth to protect humankind from the deviants, who are monstrous creatures also created by the Celestials that have gone rogue. this is interesting, because we have had the Celestials teased throughout the MCU, and we have seen notable concept are of the godlike creatures that seems to line up quite a lot with the head of nowhere appeared in guardians of the galaxy and infinity war. the deviants themselves are actually the race that Dan are stems from. and there are rumors that the Titan will be in the film, so if this leak is true, it would be an awesome way to bring him in from here. the point states the Eternals arrived on earth in ancient times and lived among the humans throughout the centuries, always keeping their true nature a secret. Circe Jemma Chan is the eternal spy, and has psychic powers. her mission is to protect their secret, but she enjoys living among the humans and wishes family could reveal their existence of the world. recently, we had a leak of JAMA chan walking through London with a camera crew following her. so she could indeed be filming for the movie. and if so, then this would mean that a lot of it is set in modern-day. Dane Wittman, played by Kit Harington, is an archaeologist who learns about the Eternals. Cersei is sent to erase his memory, but instead they fall in love, leaving Cersei divided between Whitman and her families. this too holds a lot of weight. and with Harrington playing Black Knight, who is rumored to be in the next Avengers lineup, and makes sense to set their story in modern-day. a Jack, played by Salma Hayek, is the leader of the Eternals and his healing powers. she regards the Eternals as a family, particularly because they are not allowed to have children of their own. this is true to the comics and is one of the main reasons that the Eternals don't massively populate the Marvel Universe. so this league, I think, we'll definitely be true as it spans from the source material, as do most of the following a chorus, played by Richard Madden, is the mightiest of the Eternals and can manipulate cosmic energy. his loyal and protective of his family and fiercely devoted to their mission. DNA, played by Angelina Jolie, is the deadliest of the Eternals and has superhuman reflexes. she is brash, rebellious and prone to breaking the rules, and carries a great secret. Gilgamesh, played by Don Lee, is the strongest of the Eternals and has superhuman strength and endurance. he is sensitive and humorous despite his massive size, and cares deeply about the others. Macari, played by lauren red LOF, is the eternal scout and has superhuman speed. the function is to travel a world storing knowledge about the humans and the planet. she is a deaf mute and communicates through sign language. Kingo, played by command and journey, is the Eternals wisecracking, fun-loving fighter. while the others have chosen to lead unassuming lives on earth. Kingo has used his abilities to become a world-famous bollywood movie star. fast stars, played by Brian Tyree. Henry, is the Eternals inventor. he is the most rational of the group and was once very optimistic, but has since lost his faith in humanity. the plot point says he's also gay, which I'll get into later. sprite, played by Leah McHugh, is the eternal storyteller and can create illusions. despite being permanently in the body of a child, she maintains an upbeat demeanor. Droog, played by barry key, again, is the most dangerous of the Eternals, and can control people's minds, particularly their fears. unlike the others, he despises humans and has its own plans. the movie will span thousands of years and explore how the Eternals influenced the history of the MCU, before arriving in modern times, which is apparently when dane whitman discovers the tomb of the space gods, which is capable of summoning the Celestials to earth to pass judgment on humankind. the Eternals and the deviants battle for control of the tomb of the space gods, with Whitman caught in the crossfire, unbeknownst to the Eternals. druid is manipulating both sides and is the pieces main villain. and that's all the leaks that we have. so it sounds like they're pretty much setting this from a grounded perspective, with Whitman being the eyes of the viewer as he watches on and gets caught up in the battle between what are basically gods. whilst there isn't a lot to unpack here, it definitely sounds like the film will be epic. and I'm glad that they're having expand millenia so that we can get a true sense of all the ins and outs of the MCU. I'm getting gradually more and more excited for the film, and it sounds like it's sticking pretty close to the source material, whilst also integrating with it in an interesting way that doesn't necessarily break what we've had so far, as prequels can sometimes do. now they're saying that fastest is gay, and we've had it confirmed by multiple sources that the film will eat your marbles first, openly gay superhero. some outlets have reported that this is Icarus, whereas this kind of contradicts it. so I'm not sure of its validity. but there will definitely be a gay character in the film. when discussing the matter, Richard Madden, who plays Icarus, in an interview with Entertainment Weekly, said the following, I think it's hugely important just the cast is so diverse. I'm a white male actor and not in the majority of this cast. I'm in the minority, which is important in terms of diversity in filmmaking. I think Marvel are really at the forefront of that. so yeah, I think it's kind of up in the air at the moment whether it will actually be Icarus or fastest, but it will be interesting to see how this develops down the line. now, the biggest omission for me from this is the fact that Thanos and the Infinity stones are missing. I think that they will definitely be in the film, even if they're only teas. so hopefully, as more leaks come out, they get dropped in with them. overall, though, I think it will be a big step for marble. and I'm interested in the film and the cosmic side of the MCU in general, so I'm sure that they'll do a great job with it. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the leaks. and if you're excited for the film or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my ending explain breakdown of this weekend's big comic book movie release, Joker, which you'll be linked at the end. I'll give my thoughts on the film, as well as what we can take from it. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want an in-depth analysis of the movie. if you want to come chat to me about films, TV shows, games and comic books, that make sure you follow me on twitter, at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect way to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just will let you know, they're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the Eternals plot leak in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random October the 15th. and the blue arrow be shipped out from the end whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 