[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. Game of Thrones is back with its last ever episode, and the finale has a hell of a lot to unpack from it. this is eight seasons of plot building and storytelling coming to a head. and whether you hate it or love it, we finally know who has become the ruler of the Seven Kingdoms. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the final episode, as well as what it's ending means. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the finale and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my Game of Thrones finale breakdown. we'll start with a quick recap, just to get everyone up to speed with what happened so far. the forces of Westeros formed an alliance and audits take down the White Walkers. and after defeating the night king, they stormed King's Landing together, besting the bureaucrats and golden company easily. but we weren't given the happy ending that everyone was expecting. and the bloodlust and power has sent Danny off the deep end. no matter how many times Tyrion said, won't somebody please think of the children, she still ended up in a rage that destroyed the majority of the city. it seems like no one, not even a petition to remake this season, can stop her. and we head into the final episode wondering what will happen to the uneasy alliance between her forces and Jon Snow's episode six picks up in the aftermath of the devastation, with the opinions of who was right completely divided. those who've seen my leaked plot video will know that it was 100% accurate, and that had fans pretty divided. so I can imagine that this will carry over. the first half of the episode culminated in the death of Daenerys at the hands of Jon Snow. and from the off, it was clear this was the only way that the plot could go. we opened with Tyrion discovering Cersei and Jaime under the rubble. he realizes this has been caused by his failing to convince Danny. but make no mistake about it, he blames no one else. but it's clear that she's had a huge influence over gray room - whose squad can be found murdering Lannister soldiers under the apparent orders of the Queen. Darth Vader. Dani is here, and she announces to the world that the war is not over until she liberates the rest of it. Dani knows what Tyrion has been up to as well, and after the way she swiftly dealt with Varys, things don't look good for him. however, the hero, though, he takes off the hand badge and throws it at her. those who've been here since the stall will remember that Ned Stark did this ticking Robert when he wished to kill Daenerys. so it's a great callback. the crowd of unsullied and Dothraki cheer. and Tyrion approaches Daenerys. she accuses him of freeing Jaime. and that too sees Tyrion accosted in a similar way. John seems to be the only one that's still team Danny, but even he's having his doubts. he utters the words love is the death of GE which is a callback to maester aemon saying that him in season 1, after the death of Ned Tyrion asks John to kill Danny before we get another Mad King saga. and as the rightful heir, he is the only one that can really do it. deep down, he knows that Sansa will never bend the knee, and this is a choice between his real family and adopted one. he goes to the Red Keep and sees Daenerys guarded by drogon. this entire section is a huge callback to her vision in season 2. and it's nice that the writers remember this, as it was much needed. jump leads for Tyrians life, but it's clear that she isn't budging. and he says, you are my queen now and forever. the two kiss. but unfortunately for Dany it's all a ruse, and John has made his choice. he stabs Daenerys, killing her in the process. drogon approaches, but instead of burning him, he burns only the throne. now this segment was a big point of contention in my plot League video, as there's no real reason why a dragon would know the politics enough to do this. it also annoyed people that the thing that's been sought after for so long was stripped away, and after eight seasons of guessing who would sit on the throne, nobody did. yes, I can see how this could be seen as a bit of a cop-out. in the moment, I do think it works. and it's a good send-off for Daenerys. yes, I said it right. let me rephrase that. from the way the plots been building so far, this is the best send off we could have got. I mean, it's not like Cersei being crushed by rocks. at least this had some real dramatic weight to it, which I do appreciate. just please, don't comes down this video. the second part of the episode deals with the aftermath of her death. there's a gathering of the great Lords, with John pretty much been put on trial for murdering the Queen. Tyrion isn't out of the woods yet either. and whilst normally these decisions would be at the hands of the king or queen, there currently isn't one. together, they decide that bran should be the one, as he's pretty much the wisest. and again, this is another thing that people went wild over in the spoiler video. and I can't really disagree with them. the choice of bran makes little sense to me, and I've had a week to get used to the idea. he's not really the kind of person who would quest after power. he's sort of above that whole appointed positions thing. so this doesn't really seem like the correct narrative choice to make. and all in all, it looks like that remake the eighth season petition is about to get a lot more signatures. anyway, Sansa seems to agree with me too. and while she loves him, she doesn't bend the knee and remains the leader of the north, which will stand independent. bran decides that Tyrion should be his hand and together they go see John, who, we learn, is being sent to the wall. no one is happy, brian says, which is a good compromise. he's already acting like a politician from here on out. we get a great epilogue. Sansa sits atop the throne re si. she's sailing west of Westeros because no one has been there. Brienne records the deeds of Jaime, grand maester Samwell has been appointed, and he's written a story of the Great War, named as Song of Fire and Ice. this moment killed me a bit inside, right? because last night, before the episode, of tweeted that if the season didn't end with Sam writing a book and looking up at the camera and saying, it truly was a game of Thrones, then we riot. so yeah, this was pretty hilarious to me, as I didn't realize how right I was. anyway, the finale ends with jianming tormund at the wall and finally, finally, patent ghost. the story ends how it began, with the Nights Watch venturing into the woods, the same woods from season 1. and thus the circle is complete. the Night Watch will forever protect the north. and they finally manage to go what once more, instead of retreating, like we saw in the first season, the world is finally safe, and we can hopefully trust bran to not mess it all up. it truly was a game of Thrones. that's out. that's happened in the video. anyway, I'm off to go sign some petitions. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the game of Thrones finale and what you think of season 8 as a whole, whether you hate here or you love it. the controversy surrounding it has been very interesting. so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it. and make sure you check out my entire playlist of videos on the season so far. this contains all of the plot leaks, predictions and even an 11 minute video of all of the cast being disappointed with the outcome of season 8. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want a bit of fun. now that this is all over, we've also just launched a merch section on the channel. so if you want to support videos like this and get something back, make sure you click the boxes in the description below. it goes a long way to helping us out, and we massively appreciate it. so thank you. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 