[Music], welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and we have some awesome new leaks and information on the upcoming Marvel movie, Black Widow. throughout this video, I'm gonna be going through all of the things that have dropped on the internet today. and if it's true, then the movie really sounds like it's gonna be incredible. now, there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. it's the heavy spoilers channel, the heavy spoilers show, yada, yada. yeah. so this is your last chance to back out. like always, leaks like this should be taken with a pinch of salt. but this spoils the major villain reveal and a couple of cameos. so if you don't want to know anything, and then now's your time to turn off. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into the breakdown. okay, so the new leaks were posted to the Marvel Studios spoilers reddit thread today. and I'm just going to be going through the post itself and giving my thoughts on it. it starts at the beginning of the film and kind of flashes it out from there. okay, so following Captain America Civil War, Natasha Romanoff is lured back to Budapest and reunites with a sister, Yelena bellover, played by Florence Pugh. the red-room program, created by Natasha's surrogate father, general Ivan Petrovich, trained them both to become black widows. the Red Room is now led by Melina Vostok off, who's been abducting girls and trying to create a new generation of black widows. Natasha and Yelena set out to stop her, aided by Natasha's older lover, Rick Mason, played by ot [ __ ] Benelli, I'm just gonna say it now, I'm gonna get everyone's name wrong in this entire breakdown, but stick with me, who's a fixer for international spies and who previously worked for shield. Natasha and Yelena are pursued by taskmaster and mercenary affiliated with Vostok off, who is capable of mimicking his opponent's fighting pants anyway. to face him, Natasha and Yelena recruit their brother, quote-unquote, alexei shush Kitab played by david harbor, a boisterous, drunken super soldier originally meant to be the red Guardian, the Russian counterpart to Captain America. the action scenes include Natasha and Yelena fighting in a run-down apartment. Natasha and Yelena fleeing on motorcycles while taskmaster chases them. Natasha and Yelena breaking Alexio of a gulag. and is hasha infiltrating the Red Room headquarters and fighting rustic off in a laboratory. flashbacks Chronicle Natasha's childhood training, escape and eventual recruitment by shield. the cameos include William Hurd as secretary, Thaddeus Ross, Robert Downey jr. is Tony Stark in a deleted scene where he urges Natasha to run. and Jeremy Renner is also rumored to appear as Hawkeye. suits include the standard suit, a white stealth suit for a snowy environment and a reinforced combat suit. the main plot twist is that Mason is actually taskmaster, and the movie ends with Natasha reconnecting with Steve Rogers and Sam Wilson. the movie sets up Yelena as the next Black Widow in the MCU. and she's more morally ambiguous than Natasha, which apparently sets up a new dynamic. and that's all of the leaks. okay, so lots of really exciting stuff in there. and honestly, if this is true, it sounds like it's going to be the best action movie and the MCU. now, some more exciting news that was added to the thread also said that the stunt coordinator of the amazing skydiving scene in Mission Impossible fallout, will be working on the film. and there really is the potential for this to be a stellar action film. hope this is the Bourne movie of the franchise, and so far it all sounds like it's lining up to be incredible. the time between Civil War and infinity war is an awesome time to explore stuff, and this could really be something special if they managed to pull it off. I am still slightly worried about taskmaster, as I don't know if the villain is truly capable of being the main baddie in the film. but I think it's all down to direction. and hey, luckily, the MCU movies don't tend to be broken by having bad villains. so I'm sure they'll be fine either way. now, the cameos sound absolutely awesome. and if we get a reunion of the characters for this film, I think it will be great. I know endgame gave them the perfect goodbye, but it'll still be a nice surprise. now, a lot of people have said that this movie sounds desperate by Disney, and that they don't have faith in the film because they're pulling out so many people from the past. however, I do think that they will do it well. and Natasha, in some ways, also needs to have her good by with the characters. so yeah, this will be a nice closing of the book. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. and if you agree with me, or if you've got your own opinion on how the film should be, do you like the information or not? and do you hope black widow being alive is teased in a post-credits scene or something at the end? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the news that Amy Pascal announced that Sony are setting up the sinister six when spider-man universe I'll link that at the end. and it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me on Twitter, then make sure you follow me at definition whitey. and if you want to join my discord to talk about movies, comic books, games, TV shows, anything that, make sure you click the link in the description below. we've got an awesome community of people just like you, and it's the best way to stay up-to-date with the channel. also, just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man, far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the black widow leaks in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the Bureau be shipped out from the into a bucket surprise. it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you liked, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 