before we begin, let me start by saying this is the story of a midlife crisis in the middle of a kidnapping. the styles of our movie today are everybody that was in the first movie, plus frasier john cusack's sister and that guy that pooled the scrooge at jurassic park play. our story begins with buzz as a character in a video game, where he still looks like a toy. but why does he look like a toy when he should look like a video game character? i'll tell you what it looks like. he looks like a man who is impervious to g's and atmospheric entry, because he's just flying all over god's green space and entering through the atmosphere without his whole damn face melted off, and then landing his happiness on what planet is this? well, hell if i know. and then he almost dies, and then it done. and then he almost dies. and then they don't because they got a belt and make him float. and then he almost dies, and then he do. leave him behind a little steaming pile of poo. back in the real, make believe world, woody is having himself a major meltdown. he can't find his cowboy hat. and he's afraid, if he can't find it and it, will go to cowboy camp and just leave his old, lanky ass at home. and every time, the joint gets it, except these two spuds over here trying to make some tater tots into the fur covered colon, terrorizing the toys. oh, mr and mrs, still getting it on. and then five minutes of playtime, and buzz sabotages with his chances to get back in the saddle again. don't believe me? look, rewind that now. slow it down. okay. huggy, buggy. close companions, friendly fellows and yank. oh, buzz. you a dirty, little steaming pile of poo. jealous cause ain't no space ranger camp pilgrim. look at him when woody gets shelved, trying to act out. innocent. i always knew he was a douche. nobody has a nightmare. that traumatized me the first time i saw it. and that's all i have to say about that. and then this poor little smoking penguin sounded like he done caught the cove. is like. some call me weezy, would you? when you know how sensitive i am about my asthma. what's the point of all this anyway? we all gonna end up in the same place. this movie makes everyday adults do seem very evil. well, you know what they say, you don't tug on evil's earth cape. you don't straddle the bobwhite fence. you don't with the friends of the unknown woody. and you charge at least 50 cents. i mean, you mark that down to 25 cents, some old big gonna walk up and be like, i only have a dime. then what is like? guess, a yankee from this little, grumpy child whose mama just throws him onto the table to be found by evil al mcquiggan, and the owl steals him, and now they all mcwigan, then buzz does some investigating, probably to cover up the fact that he intentionally dismembered his own friend because he's a jealous astronaut. and he finally answers the age-old question, why did the chicken cross the road to try and get his hands on somebody else's woody? gross? woody awakens to find himself trapped on the top floor of a multi-toy store rebuilding. and to make matters worse, he's surrounded by the cast of children of the cone. and woody just sit there like, i gotta get the up out of this up country until they stroke his until they stroke his little woody ego. so buzz and buddies find out where woody is, and buzz is like, i'm buzz lightyear, and if i don't try to save woody, i'm gonna look like a pretentious so they head out on an adventure to find a friend. buzz stabbed in the stuffing. and after what he sees the show where the prospector is stuck in a cave full of dynamite. what is like, i want to see what happened because i'm approaching senility and can't remember. well, since it's a kid's tv show, i'm pretty sure they didn't leave the prospector to turn rump ropes. then woody sees the collection of toys devoted to his celebrity status, only to find out he's about to be sold to a museum in japan. except he wants to get back to his owner, who left his lanky ass on that shelf with that asthmatic squeaky bird. so woody embarks on a mission to save his arm and who should accompany him but his noble steed? so then bullseye gives him a hand, and then he gives himself a hand, then he gets himself his hand. and then when the tv comes on, he lose himself a hand again. then when he thinks, jesse turned on the tv, what is like be you about to get yourself a hand? and woody gets set up in a little chair where he gets to see all up the nostrils of a man who repairs his arm, paints over his bald spot and polishes his shelly. and now he's jacked and stacked and about to get packed. and this way you find out they should have called this movie sob story. when some dumber dumps you, you turn so damn pitiful. and now i whine forever with a broken heart since she dumped me. pitiful. i know, right? i meant y'all singing. i know, right? and so the prospect is like, listen, you and your little woody bits are about a 50 years old. andy only likes you because it's 1999 here. yet discovered booty. and in about 20 years, kids ain't gonna want to play with some old, lanky, raggedy cowboy. doll modeled after jimmy stewart, because they won't even know who the hell that is, or what a good movie looks like, or what it's like to even go to the damn movies, because their government will be one big pickup that lets the pandemic rage uncheck. and you gonna catch it, woody. and what? it just sit there like, i am 50 years old and i'm just a damn toy. couldn't even buy a sports car or my wife knew titties if i wanted to, because my woman's just a bow peep doll. she's already made a plastic then he tries to cover up his disappointment of his midlife crisis by pretending he's sacrificing for the rest of the losers. meanwhile, buzz and his posse make their way to the toy story, where mr potato head is still thirsty. buzz discovers what it's like to deal with his pretentious self, and upon his escape, free's the bad guy who wants to spank that little plastic fanny. and they all take a fantastic voyage in mr mcquiggins car, and buzz follows them across the street. and the new buzz is a douche too. and the new buzz is a douche too. and the new bus is a douche too. and the real buzz is like, come on. what a time to get the up out of the up country. it was like, but i used to, it was like, but i used to be a tv star and people love me. and mr demille, i'm ready for my close-up. everybody's like, listen, pilgrim. it's clear you're a little high on something. maybe yourself, maybe your midlife crisis. or maybe then paint fumes that old man with the bushy eyebrows used to make you look like you young again, instead of the 50 year old goodwill bargain been fought you are. but when the fumes wear off, you'll remember the lesson you taught me, nothing's better than being played with grass. it was like, i'm not a smart toy, but i know what love is. so what just leaves, what is bony just sitting there on a roll of tape? and the fumes finally wear off, and we're just like, y'all come home with me where you can be used spit on lifting the floor, unable to be your true selves as long as some dumbass human is watching, then eventually devalued and discarded after getting chewed up by some fur covered colon that is more value than you, because dogs are small enough to let somebody know they are actually alive. but the prospect is having none of this, because he knows all too well what it's like to be the roundup gang's equivalent of chris kirkpatrick. but of course, we need one last action sequence to scare the little children. so would in the game, get packed up as buzzing his gang encounters zerg, who is evil and a pretentious and they go to the airport somehow, with the help of them little booger-colored bastards. and mr potato head literally shits himself grass. look at the prospector, he don't got a full cone child now. and then they put him in amy's backpack. who the hell is amy? i don't know, but her mama's name probably karen. and there's a long chase, skip, and they get home somehow. and andy loves his new toys. and buzz won't skip, played with by jesse. and don't y'all dare pretend i'm the pervert when disney mimics buzzes equivalent of the stiff, one-eyed i know, right? and both people with his bulging biceps, ignoring the fact that it's an implant, and proving that dogs are also shallow. and the mr and mrs adopt the boogie colored bastards who aren't bastards no more. and now they're going to be getting plenty busy, but with all them kids floating around, they won't be making any more tights of their own. and wheezy gets fixed and suddenly can sing like his got a show in vegas and his name dean martin. and then what is like? well, someday andy will give me up to some kid named bonnie, and then someday i'll leave bonnie. so this is our last happy ending. you pretentious. the end. be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular buzz of meth. thank you to these fine patrons who contribute ten dollars or more per month to keep this channel buzzing. ros griez kelly, s tina d bethany c karo s brian p, christine k david m o anna m kennedy, chupacabra, f wanna. ptf j adrian p, anonymous. bh, allison l, melanie m and autumn m for movies explained for. i'm jeb dyer. sorry about that. dime. 