welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the handmaiden. in japanese occupied korea, a con man operating under the sobriquet of count fujiwara, plans to seduce a japanese heiress named lady hadiko, then marry her and commit her to an asylum in order to steal her inheritance. he hires a pickpocket named suki to become hadiko's maid and encourage hadiko to marry him. hadiko lives with her uncle, kozuki, a korean man who helped the japanese take over his country in exchange for a gold mine. kosuki then uses this wealth to feed his obsession with rare books, selling forgeries to further accumulate money and books. suki's main job is to help hadiko prepare to read for kozuki's guests. returning, frustrated from a reading, hadiko demands suki sleep next to her. the two end up making love under the pretext of preparing hadiko for her married life with the count. suki begins expressing reluctance about the plan, but when hadiko herself suggests she loves someone other than the count, suki insists on the marriage, hadiko slaps her and violently throws her from the room. when kozuki leaves on business for a week, hadiko and fujiwara elope after cashing out hadiko's inheritance. it is revealed that hadiko's naivete was part of the khan. she and fujiwara double-crossed suki and convinced the asylum that she is the countess to have her committed in hadiko's stead. a series of flashbacks show that hadiko's reading practice was, in fact, kozuki teaching her to erotically read sadistic pornography since she was five years old. the flashbacks show a regime of psychological and physical abuse that eventually degrades the sanity of hadiko's aunt, who is eventually found hanged from a tree in the yard. and hadiko takes over as the reader for the auctions. when hadiko questions the description of a hanging in a book she has to read, kozuki tells her that he murdered her aunt using torture devices in the basement after she attempted to run away. in the more recent past, the count realizes seducing hadiko would be impossible, and instead includes her in the plan to elope and then split her inheritance. when hadiko expresses her fear of her uncle, the count promises her a vial of fast-acting poison as a wedding present, so that she can never be taken to the basement. hadiko demands the count find her a girl to hire as a maid, to commit to an asylum in hadikko's place. while being instructed by the count, who takes advantage of suk he's illiteracy, hadiko unexpectedly falls in love with her. hadiko tries to confess her love, but when suki insists the marriage go on, hadiko throws her from the room and tries to hang herself. suki saves her, and both admit to their plots. hadiko helps suki write a letter to her family to say she has teamed up with hadiko and to hatch a plot to get hadiko and sukhi away from the men who have been manipulating them. hadiko shows suki the books she was forced to read, and suki begins destroying the library. hadiko calls sukhi her savior and joins in destroying her uncle's collection. suki's friend box soon sets a fire at the asylum and poses as a firefighter to rescue suki. hadiko poisons fujiwara's wine, causing him to pass out, while she takes the money and leaves. the women reunite and flee together, disguising hadiko as a man to avoid detection. kozuki captures fujiwara upon receiving a letter from hadiko detailing fujiwara's deception. he tortures fujiwara in his cellar with his collection of antique bookmaking tools and presses him for sexual details about his niece. fujiwara makes up a story about their wedding night, but a flashback shows that he watched hideko masturbate before cutting her hand on a knife to stain her sheets, refusing to consummate the marriage. when kozuki presses for more details, fujiwara convinces him to give him one of his cigarettes. after smoking, a disgusted fujiwara refuses to give further details. kozuki notices the cigarettes are producing blue smoke. fujiwara reveals that his cigarettes had been laced with mercury and the toxic gas within the smoke kills them both. on a ferry to shanghai, china. tsuki and hadiko celebrate their newfound freedom by making love once again. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 