before we begin, let me start by saying, if you're from out of space and your only family is a brand of an Earthling fan of Elvis, or if you're from Earth and your only family is a six-armed alien impersonator of Elvis, what have you raised? all standards, please. the star of a movie today is, let's just say that this man hadn't existed, a lot of children's movies would have sucked played. the story begins the Galactic Federation headquarters, he house right now, with this mad scientist named jumbo. I just call him Jimbo cuz he obviously indulges in one too many Twinkies with the rainbow sprinkles. being tried for a legal genetic mutation by this extra from Jurassic Park and Free Willy with a license to bear arms. see, what he's done is created this evil little bit named to experiment six to six, that his bulletproof, fireproof and can deadlift better than an NFL linebacker after injection of the human growth hormone. so they try to appeal to the goodness in him, and apparently said something. so founded this robot right here, losing his lug nuts. and they decide he should be marooned on an asteroid for all eternity. but if he's bulletproof, how the hell they stick that needle in it? I know this is a movie about aliens, my friend, Hawaiians, but let's try to be realistic here. okay. thank you. if for some reason they're surprised when this little blue bastard Devils made, because the universe problems, escapes faster than Andy Dufresne. and they say he's gonna land on earth, but they call it ER because apparently being the superior race from space doesn't mean you ain't an ignorant somebody. but he get all excited when they see he might just drown in the ocean. but nope, Mahalo. just nice catch. and they'd like to do us a favor and off the whole damn planet. but unfortunately for them and us, these aliens are the reason why I can't sleep at night, because some little bloodsuckers keeping me awake all night, buzzing around my never here. and this tall green and since they asked if we intelligent, listen her, she made a little joke. so jumbo, gonna have to team up with you to my own to his Pumbaa named fleetly and go to track down 66 in exchange for his release from prison. and evil genius and a narc. Mahalo Loki. hello Harley Lorna. how's the dance house? dance, heart, what have you. and she danced. I saw yourself right into trouble, because she was out of peanut butter for her fish. and her sister suggested she take the damn fish a tuna sandwich, even though that would be false cannibalism. and the damn fish controls the weather, support lilo didn't want the Fisher to get busy. and then before you know, the damn hurricane here Hawaii, and everybody's with your husband every which way. and then how the hell Steve gonna be able to say, book him Danno? and that's why she late. then this Myrtle called lilo crazy. so she popped that a little bit in the mouth. who could blame the child? after all, how could you have a name like Myrtle and not be a bunch no offense to choose who aren't named myrtles? little lilo even tries to play dolls with them snobs. but when she pulls out her custom-made coolest Tim Burton inspired freak of nightmares. they run off like they ain't never seen a custom-made, coolest Tim Burton inspired freak of nightmares. and lilo goes home all sad. and her sister Nani runs home, finds lilo spoken to Heartbreak Hotel, just as a social worker rides social worker, aka Cobra stupid-head bubbles, mr. bubbles, which is the name totally stolen from some bubble bath. and mr. Cove remove his bows, questions, a child who would lie through a little Hawaiian teeth if she had some. and after mr. bubbles hears these stories, he's like, who this family? dub? so they stopped scrap it. and then they make up. and Leo says, I hit Myrtle to date. why'd you hit Myrtle today? because you've been a little judgmental, and I hope a little wicked. hug it blow to wake and they both laugh. such a sweet scene. didn't they see a falling star? it's a bird, it's a plane. it's 6-ounce Satan. and 6im Satan is now your new dough. and to make sure to title this movie makes sense ly, no names in stitch. and if you thought your dog was bad, feeding your home workers and in the floor, just imagine having one that hijacks tricycles. a salsa dog will still come for sniffing his booty. a sauce. local folks with volleyballs. you should sister fired from a job. Wilson destroys miniature replicas of San Francisco, takes Coca Cola's out of the fridge without asking, acts like a living record player, assaults a social worker that looks just like my sellers from Pulp Fiction, cousin one of his sunglass lenses to pop out, sexually, assaults an old lady, consistently steps to get a new job, and becomes a little worst Elvis Presley impersonator in history, because that was one blue dummy. there were Windows, tablets. greatest office impersonator goes to Bruno Mars. though I could see why some might get confused, since students the same height as Bruno and can fit into the same suit, and now they want to take that mug back to the pound. but leave those off. Ohana family, we ain't got no mama and we ain't got no dad, so we need to keep all the people in creepy blue, multi limbs Road and dogs we can find. I wish I could go surfing whenever I had a day. my heart Loki. ha ha, ha. I hope I'm saying something dirty. dramaalert. the evil genius tries to take back his dog. lilo, almost drowns, and the dog goes and wakes up with rabies. so since not it doesn't have a child, and lilo has a rabid dog too, tries to drown folks. bubbles is gonna have to take lilo away on top of that. and on his love interest going Sultan stitch. and now stitch don't know where the hell he belongs. and now he suffers some existential crisis, which is arisen from the fact that Hawaii is so damn peaceful even an indestructible satanic, firey, burping alien dog can't help but hope to find his M and he says, I'm lost. lilo sounds right over to the left. fool. you don't want to laugh. the next day, Jumba fine stitch in the woods, feeling all along, and tells him a bunch of mean [ __ ] about how he ain't got no family and wasn't nobody with any self-respect, while some destructed little, indestructible blue mutt such as himself. so not at least we'll he'll want to be man's and things to find. and her job is gonna help him work himself onto her grass hula skirts and jumpin. stitch, get into a big damn fight. make that house go big. kaboom. Oh, mr. bubbles is gonna love this. so Leo runs off. stitch follows up, shows a he's an alien and free will of transit in prison. stitch and grabs lilo - and, as usual, this was a Harry Houdini, and busts out that joint. now, jumbo jumbo may be an evil genius and the knock and the but he's not a heartless told in stitch rambles about a bunch of BS, about all nine little broken, good families. so jumbo helps not instead, get lilo back. then the source shows up to take stitch away, just as the family is back together again. and then stitch trembles again about a bunch of BS, about Ohana and little broken good families, and how does family dumped in hell, that's kind of fun, and how he wants to stay with these folk who can't hold down a job, go surfing, spend the rest of time just loafing around all day listening to Elvis records. well, when that doesn't word, Lila walks right up to her and says, look, I don't know how y'all do things in space, but I paid two dollars for that damn dough. and the dumbest thing you can do is underestimate the leader that earthling will go to when people try to take stuff we paid for, we've grown evolve a much less and tall, green and sexy to source is like, yeah, actually, that's a binding contract. so stay your Bluebird hair stitch, sit, stay and enjoy the king. then Cobra bubbles says, one thing about living in Hawaii, I never could stomach all the damn aliens and a little frozen good family lives happily ever after with birthdays, dancing and visits to Graceland. wait, that little blue bit got to go to Graceland better in my neck of the woods, and I haven't even better fresh land. can tourists? then be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos. when I don't get back from my trip to Graceland because people live it, I'll go to Graceland. full movies explained for I'm jammed or died. also, cute and fluffy. 