before we begin, let me start by saying this is, it's the beginning of the end. the stars of our movie today. I guess he's back, but is anywhere else really matter? give our story begins with, do I really have to say it again? so I'm scrolling back. story takes less noble to cool or dead. our story really begins with this Easter peope taking this thing called a Sith wayfinder. well, what is that layer? so glad you asked, Jeb. it's this thing you can find in any JJ, Abrams has to helps you find your way. this is retirement home where you can find the creeper who's your girlfriend's granddad, who also conceived your granddad without even using a Packer. grass, ash MRA, confused, but I Stu, you can fact check it. and after he gets to the planet, he finds Palpatine, and he's like, are you honest, assam? your errand boy. and he tells callow that all that time he thought he was hearing the strange voice and smoke and vada, it was really just his crusty old so not only is Falcon the Big Kahuna of this is bass also have been trailer quest get the cow town. so pro protein has made thousands of ships equipped with advanced technology, state-of-the-art, innovative, big boom-boom weapons that can destroy millions of lives. think of him as the Star Wars rendition of Steve Jobs. and what does he tell Kyle? oh, he got a do. oh, just kill your girlfriend. so finding the brother getting Intel from this alien named boo leo. and if he married glenn, his name would be Puleo. google hill, that's funny. oh, so now she thinks she's the [ __ ] avatar. what other Jedi did you see levitating? even Yoda had a damn hover around. and raised like, I could network for dead Jedi day. Kyle, you you don't call them. they just don't want to talk to you. and she actually says, I'm just not feeling myself. and Leia just look at her like, okay, don't go get irritated. there's movies only read pg-13. and Ray says, oh, whoa. your brother saber. one day I see perfect can bandaid on that PU and Kyle, get out. you kids don't have respect for so you remember them? books a girl set on fire, Yodas like trover, my dear. because when you live for eternity in the force, you get bored and just stuck in with people. so everything I just told you about, the pecker free poopoo gene and the Sith way, they know, all this, moving home. oh, except this part right here. Leigh is like, oh, my dad. I mean, I never shot a guy who fought that fight, and tell me, he look like an California raisin. I was off doing the nasty with hime, but he said, I'm creepy to me. so all the brothers journey off onto there, bro venture. well, kylo repairs that thing he uses to cover his Smurfs abuse scars. and Julio, no, how could you kill bully? oh, cool. oh, you sick bastards. then Connaught not gonna raise false door. and when she opens it, he's like, huh? it's me stain. he proceeds to tell her his master plan to develop manufacturer and get rich off of selling his bony. who could it be? can't you see? is Billy Dee? no, fake mama. god, I could still smell the Colt 45 like it was yesterday. and Lando's like, give Leia my love. and Ray says, you should give it to yourself. then Lando just hit that. like, I know those movies only rated pg-13. Shane's been carrying the church for me all these years, huh? it's a big church. I don't know how to tell him, I'm every bit the bombshell I was back in the day. and there's a long chase skip. they fall into this gravel, a bellybutton in the planet that looks an awful lot like Twitter tween. and wouldn't you know it, they find a dangle with a hand written in Parseltongue that tells you where you can find that compass that doesn't point north. then they get confronted by a basilisk, which she heals. so you can know this kind of power as possible, and you'll understand it later in the movie when kylo saves her. and wouldn't you know it, his big slither, it was writing away there. it all true. it finally gonna do it. looking for that cliff, [Music], but they ain't no water here, so you just hear a little splat. Jeb, she didn't do that, but he did get captured because rate was too focused on that. he's my son and I love him, but that's only what is the part of this scene? this is to show she has a propensity to use the dark side of the force, just like an on paper using granddaddy. don't worry - it's not dead. they don't milk it like it is, but he ain't dead. don't have a long conversation about you being dead, huh? Jerry, not dead. so to summarize, three beep. doe knows the inscription to find the way to the wayfinder, but refuses to translate the Sith language. that is, not, however, preventing them from showing him a map and having him point his 24-karat pinky finger to where the damn thing is. but that makes too much sense, so we're gonna continue to bastardize this legendary series by pretending to kill two beloved characters in a row. yeah, they're shouting today. and then they say for Chewie, like they give a damn. of course they give a damn. that was raised kinda dad's job. so they get escorted by this reject from the beetle Boggs. you don't know who to be the bugs off, little rejects from the Power Rangers. imagine being a reject of the rejects of the Power Rangers. but here we are. and they got some Imperial primo leader badge or something. they helps you get into Imperial ship. and they get into some Imperials. and let's not forget that Finn used to bust out the Scrubbing Bubbles whenever the troopers would have a little too much of that bad sloppy joe in the Imperial cafeteria and leave a sloppy poet in the Imperial toilet. okay, so he's in the snow. she's on the ship. they both on my nerves. and remember, soldiers for hinkel, he's a spy for the rebels because he was salty about kylo getting that promotion. that's it. anyway. yeah, yeah. she got an OPEC or using granddaddy and said, please put the mask back on. don't nobody want to see that nasty [ __ ]. and then go to the moon and the Endor system. we're raised as my chief ugly emo son to the chant. while I was just acting with threats of a serious but don't see what you didn't sound dude. [ __ ]. I sacrificed my glories. can you I threw the papers or whatever that was he attached, it might have backup. I'm back. I decided to get one more of those big fat paychecks, but then I'm getting the out for reals. so Carlos did, because I have to raise stabbed him through the pancreas, or whatever. she said she didn't want to kiss callo. she wanted to bang Ben. she's in love with a man who committed patricide. patricide the killing of one's father by stabbing him through the chip. and that's the actual definition. you can fact check it. and he throws his lightsaber out into the water. and then over here on whatever planet, welke Luke, dad raised those her lightsaber, which is caught by uncle Luke himself, which i think is supposed to be our contrast of the uncle Luke from Episode seven, where he once threw his lightsaber away, but is now telling her not to throw away hers, or some dumb such as this. okay, well you showed him. I'm died, so take my saber and unki [ __ ]. and there's a long flight, while ray simultaneously battles her grandpappy, who actually wants her to kill him so he can transfer his spirit into her body. pervert grass. and the next part is just poop using boom-booms and creepy granddad's. we all have that one. and then I shine runs into, say, his favorite piece of sin. oh, yeah. and then some levels of stupidity. I can't even begin to describe something about how they are, a yin and yang, or Butch and Sundance, or Cheech and Chong, or dumb and dumber, whose bond is so strong it has the ability to revitalize Captain creepy hangings. [Music]. and all the Jedi of the past say, can't do it without us. Kenya loser, because apparently she's the Avatar who can channel the energy of all the past avatars of some such ripped-off, nonsensical, unoriginal [ __ ]. so avatar state, yip-yip. are you tired of lighting in your own face off because you ain't got the self-control to stop saving people? and couple, abeggar go down with the ship, and Billy Dee has to save y'all's jumps, and they both deceased. hue, seventeen-year-old fangirl crying into popcorn over chief ugly emo child sacrifice himself to save damaged woman in love with chief ugly emo child who committed patricide. oh, it's so romantic. grass. and just as she's all set up with rigor mortis, she comes back in time to kiss a homicidal maniac before he himself. no rigor mortis. I just wanna know what rebels had a weapon strong enough to split one of them just in half, and why didn't they use it? befo, and they're a party. and I don't know the point of this. I don't know if he meant I could be your daddy, or if he meant, I could be your daddy. bro, Bros. Bros. don't hold hands. they hug. and the 300 G's over here now. little circle, they're rare eyes on a kitty. and she buries my in Luke's lightsabers. and they were lived on T so I can know why she buried my lightsaber on that godforsaken crest ball. because if nobody comes up and asked her what her damn name is, and she says, Dawson, Rose, Dawson, the end. I swear today, Darth, if they make three more these, MA, cuz I quit. Jeff, can I do the outro? so this is my last hurrah. go ahead, be sure like share, subscribe. be a regular picks of math. unique spec JP, upload more videos, probably a lot more. now you can do good movies like twister and unjust behalf. I would like to sing these wonderful patients. you always give Jeb their bucks for movies. explain floor. I'm Jeb. I'm laughs, Anaya. we are getting married. I'm Jeb. you're way harder than that loser with that flat to the big tits. let our deep bugling emo child 7, right, isn't it? 