the world has been remade in my father's image. darling, it seems daddy didn't tell you the most important rule of bringing on the apocalypse. if you want to finish the job, the thing you have to do first is get rid of all the witches. big mistake. hey guys. Ryan and Greg here, and we're breaking down another episode of American Horror Story, apocalypse. it's sad day here because the season is over. but the good news is the apocalypse never happened. and don't worry, because we got you covered for all your AHS coverage, including comic deep dives, TV breakdowns and movie reviews. and this will not be the last apocalypse video. I think next week we're gonna do a complete season review and recap the best and worst things that we liked, what worked, what didn't work, and what questions we still have. so stay tuned for that next week. a lot of them. all right, Greg, some overall thoughts of apocalypse, then. how did it wrap up the season for you? I didn't hate it. I actually really enjoyed it. now that hit and run, are you upset? but let me tell you why they're trolling us. we just talked about it for weeks like, how I hope they don't do the whole about a cadaver. ain't nothing like that. and they sure did not. they were happy with, okay, in the writing room, alright, what if she just, like, hits him with a car, and then she's back so and then boards again. it's over from there. I bet they got a just a huge thrill out of that. and overall, looking at that scene again, the way Malory looks at Constance, the whole thing, they're just trolling us. I loved it. but Gregg, don't you think that she should check the body before driving off? yeah, let's make sure he's dead. this is for the horror film, yeah, one or anything like that, you gotta check, double check the body. yeah, I totally agree with you, though. I think was a nice way to wrap up the season. but the hit and run was just, like, I was, I laughed out loud instead of and I was waiting for this epic battle between Mallory and Michael, like, you know, their first meeting with each other, and it was fire, literal fire, and mm-hmm and all that kind of stuff, and now it's just a hit and run. I was just like, seriously, that's how we're gonna kill the Antichrist. now, before we get into the breakdown, let's give a shout out to Barbara, who tweeted me with this right here. her prediction for the AHS finale was a lot of back and forth through time, the Mallory versus Michael showdown and a cliffhanger ending. at this point, I don't think they can wrap it all up without it feeling rushed. well, did it feel rushed to you? it kind of, I think, yeah, I think the pacing was, it was like, the previous two episodes were very slow, and we knew that they had to pack a ton into this this last episode, it did not stop. it was just like, but it was, you wanted to see this anyway. those were all welcome additions. you wanted stuff to happen. we thought we got away from some of the flashbacks. you know, it started in flashbacks, but then we got to present time. they replayed a little bit of that encounter between Michael and the witches the annales three. I don't know if you needed that, because it felt weird. he saw ya. the editor was like, alright, let me just read. let's put this back in here. and, yeah, that was a little bit of waste of time right there. but, but overall, Barbara, your predictions pretty spot-on. I mean, we all kind of saw this coming, you know, the time-travel. I guess we all just wished that this showdown between Michael and Mallory was a little bit more epic than just, you know, Michael not looking both sides before he crosses the street. well, how else could they do this though? what? what else could they do here, other than, again, the avada kedavra, anything like that? there was no other way. you're right, you're right. it would have been, it would have been pretty lame to just see them, you know, back, you know, with their powers, back and forth, back and forth. it would have been interesting to kind of, if she would have went back even further in time, like before he would II and see before he was even conceived. oh, and stops the Harmons from getting into the house, maybe something like that. yeah. stops, like, more of a deeper Murder House connection. go back some time. don't why even wait until he's alive if you want to kill the indie Christ, because they wanted to retcon this season, but not Murder House the first season, right? so, yeah, yeah, then a whole bunch of stuff changes if you have to do that. okay, let's break it down now. we start off the Canaris robotics again. flashback, uh, back with mutton Jeff, one last time. and they're paid a visit from our good old Myrtle. yeah, I actually like this. I didn't mind this background. you know, we wanted, we needed flashbacks that gave us a lot of payoff in like, it was cool to see that Myrtle stopped by and totally just, we figured out how kind of the placement of all that outpost, you know, seeing that outpost they were gonna go to elbows to who's gonna be in Virginia. outpost three was the Hawthorne school in California. and then, you know how she just was a total badass walking in that building, right with Venable, and she just, like snaps Venables like frozen. and then when she just, like totally just goes in that room and just tells them, I hate those two, by the way. I mean, when she just tells them what exactly they're gonna do. and then, I guess it left it off it that that they died. he killed them, right? she walked out, she walked out and says, I'm gonna have to kill you. I suppose I must get to the most unpleasant part of my visit. what's that? the part where I have to leave before killing you both? and they did. they just died. I don't know if she like snapped her finger, and then all of a sudden they died, but didn't breathe, right? like, strangled them to death. but that might be a reason why we never saw them again during the whole outpost timeline. yes? because it doesn't really make much sense for them to end up as different characters like gallant. though, it was a cool little theory that maybe Jeff and mutt are actually gallant, and probably Brock. now, I'm all for that, only because of the idea that maybe mutt was getting a haircut, and then he met coco right then and there. but they had their like, you know, old memory wife. but then it doesn't make any sense. why did Brock just kill everyone? yeah? and, like, why would their memories? I don't know, I it falls apart, yeah, I don't see that. I don't see them. the witches don't need to wipe their memories or give them an identity. she's gonna kill them. you just killed them. it's easier to just kill those two and not like, although if she's gonna be like a cold-blooded killer, she could literally just change the, you know, given that identity spell, and stop them from even creating these evil robots, all that kind of stuff. we also learned about the identity spell, you know, how it all works like that. kind of a touching, sad moment, like, we're not gonna remember you. it's like a copy and paste. you put someone else's memories in there. that was awesome. and she said to Coco about giving basing the personality off of madison's personality. so what said, yeah, all the shade thrown, thrown in Madison in this episode is top-notch. amazing. we've modeled your new personality after Madison. no, no, there must be another way. consider it an upgrade. we'll talk about this more, probably next week - but Myrtle, I don't know what this season would be without frances conroy, because she this was amazing. yes, I totally agree with you. she's probably my favorite character this season. and she, and I'm just like, how how she played the lines? Nalanda, yeah, yeah. so many great lines, obviously how she the fashion that she pulls off, but just her presence in these big moments, it adds to like how epic and and how life and death is each moment is. so I love what Conroy did this season. she literally snatched Michael's hair like an antenna. she may be fully understood. finally, one last thing on the outpost. so we got outpost three and everything, but Michael brought up the sanctuary early, yeah, season. was that just [ __ ], I think it was complete. [ __ ]. I think, I don't think that he ever intended to bring anyone out of that place. he wanted, well, actually, he no, he probably wanted people to be like servants of his anyway, to see who was who would kind of follow his, follow his lead, as Meade kind of, he followed Meade's in the beginning. I don't think that he was ever going to bring anyone, or save anyone that wasn't going to then, you know, call him, call him their king. he wanted his followers. and maybe there were some sanctuary, but we don't need to know where that was, because it's not gonna happen. yeah, I don't think it was important, unless you think that there was something underneath, underneath the murder house that could have been, or underneath hotel Cortez, some, you know, really dark could just been helped demonic hell. yeah, exactly. or just bring up fake to hell. yeah. so, yeah, I don't think there was any. I think that promise was just literally to get everyone against each other. alright, I buy that. all right. now let's fast forward to a few years after the bombs dropped, after the apocalypse, we see the coven witches took a little nap underneath the ground. yeah, there. I don't know what's going on there exactly, but they apparently a spell was cast over the ground or something where they just had to be as well. had to be a spell, right? because you think that the nukes would just completely blow people up, and even if you're a witch, you're gonna die. mean, we see witches die from from bombs, from bullets, from snapping their necks. so, yeah, you have to like, just build some protection. and that they were sleeping, basically hibernating, until it was safe to come out again. and finally, we're back in present time. no more flashbacks. it took, I think of 20 minutes. I logged it I was waiting, like, okay, when are they gonna get back to present day or a present of Apple? it's time again. and I paused. it was like 17 minutes, or close to like 20 minutes, before they finally got there. whatever. yeah, we saw, we saw the start of this earlier in this season, and they left us on a cliffhanger, and now we get to see how it all plays out. very cool moment. I was just wondering, why Michael, you know, he talks about, like, I could just kill you in a matter of seconds, but, like, he doesn't, he doesn't. he's just like, like, bro, like, you're the worst villain. if you want to take over the world and you want to get rid of all the enemies that you have, you just kill them immediately, right there. you don't provoke them, you don't do anything. think they're gonna have some sort of plan to overthrow you. like, if he wanted to succeed in this, he would have just killed them. he's a kid, and he, he's very, like needy, right? he wants some people to, he wants the support of others, and he wants them to follow him. he wants to make them servants of his. so yeah, I was just, he's horrible. he's like, really bad at being evil. she needed that help of a powerful voodoo queen, but dad, ain't you see? now that's out of the way. shout out to everyone who called it at home about this cameo. Marie Laveau shows up. and from the moment she shows up, I think the 15 minutes afterwards are probably my favorite. yeah, I agree, a total the entire episode and maybe the season just in general, for how campy, just, it's all over the place, and it's just like, pure chaos. and I loved it. it does not let off the gas at all this whole time. yeah. you know, we saw in the preview last week, you know, Marie Laveau's arm in that shot talking to Michael Langdon. so we knew we had a good idea this was coming, and it was cool to see. we knew that Cordelia would make some sort of deal with Papa Legba, like, we knew he wasn't happen. said, that was key. that was key to something here. and I guess that's the way that they killed Deena, right? is just bringing in more powerful voodoo queen back and get did a little swap for who belongs in hell and who doesn't. so what was she doing in hell, by the way, she was torturing which is pretty awesome. she was torturing Delphine LaLaurie, who deserves to be tortured for the rest of eternity. but this was an awesome, awesome way to kind of bring back one of our most popular and a really loveable character that we loved. Bassett, yeah, thank you. good deal. your promise. Papa Legba, dark is the most corrupt voodoo queen soul for mine. you serve him well. Kim, at least again it gets really can't be from there, you got Deena with the blood spatter, and then you got miss Meade. sorry, Rosie, the robot exploding is incredible. Cordelia just like, immediately just blows her up like that. couldn't. why didn't that? why didn't that happen earlier? like, how easy was it for Cordelia to kill her back in New Orleans? they could hit that? yeah, totally. and you know, Meade was, and I love the touch of miss Meade singing daisy bell' by a bicycle built for two, which we saw at the end of Space Odyssey 2001. Space Odyssey. and when Hal is deactivated, that was really cool touch, you know, a robot, you know, the end of the robots, like life right there. and then you got the ash call back. it seemed alien with the whole white black spot on, yeah. the same thing, same shot. perfect welcomes. its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility. and then Madison jumps up and goes all Scarface done on Michael Langdon. grabs Meade's arm gun, and as literally goes all Scarface on Langdon, who I was like, wow, is that? I was gonna die. no, he's just like sleeping, kinda, like the bullets just kind of knock him out. he's gonna get up. I loved it. it's kind of like he's like Wolverine, and like, he gets like slowed down, but then like, he'll just like regenerate. and it doesn't end there. and then all of a sudden, wait, where's Brock? oh, there's Brock. he shows up and stabs Mallory. I loved it. I'm like, okay, this is, this is great chaos. I don't know where they're going. I'm like, so maybe kill off Mallory here here, and then let somebody else go back in time, make a twisty, right? that's where I thought we were going. so apparently Brock, Brock must have not eaten the Apple. no, no, no. he was just hanging out in like, the closet, like, what the hell's going on out there? and you just that comes out and gets revenge and just stabs anyone who's looking. it's all everyone, you know, throw it out, all because he wanted to catch a ride on that plane, on that damn plane. dude does not let go of things, right? secretly. but he came back. he remembered everything. then we get Myrtle setting Brock on fire. r.i.p Brock at this point. and then Michael goes on this like Thanos the end of infinity war. it's like slowly just going one by one and taking them out. it starts with, uh, I think Marie Laveau. this was a really cool, this is a really cool sequence. like Laveau does that whole, like, Lord of the Rings thing, you you shall not pass, you will not pass his line. and he's like, I could definitely just break through and take your [ __ ] heart out. Koko stabs him. and then me, he turns around, he pulls out her heart, eats it. but Koko had a chance right there to give us the line of the century about the calories, she didn't do it. yeah. how many calories are in that heart? let us know. Koko Gregg, we've seen Michael have a couple bites of heart throughout the season, yes. but I don't know, do you look, don't you think keep her firsts - so that leaves us with a showdown between Cordelia and Michael. we've been waiting for this for quite some time. and we called this we knew that Cordelia had to sacrifice herself in order to help out and save the world, and to give Mallory, specifically, the powers of becoming the supreme. remember, once the current supreme dies, then the ascending, the ascending supreme, you know, gets all that life force. and Mallory's finally able to survive that stabbing attack. but also then then try her time travel from there. you're thinking again, why didn't they do this sooner? yeah, I agree. Cordelia could have killed herself at any moment, or someone could have just killed her, you know, just sacrificed herself so that Mallory could get back. okay? and get all that strength, and you could have liked safe. you could have saved, like, gonna shave like, three episodes off this season. one last time at the murder house. didn't think we're coming back here, but it's always great to come back there, because I get more lines from Constance here. now, Mallory again, she could have just knocked on that door with a gun. yeah, very creative use of how to travel in time and then kill the Antichrist. so there's a falling-out between Michael, and Constance kicks him out of the house just like had enough. and he doesn't look both ways when he crosses the street. all right, all right. he's a kid. he's a kid, remember? yeah, that's a good point. that is a good point. he is a kid. Michael might look like he's a teenager, but he's an infant inside there. he's only been alive for a few years, so he's not quite, I guess, you know, was smart enough. I'll go with that. there's a couple things to think about here, right? so you go back in time to a time when Michael Langdon wasn't his full powerful self, right? so you go back when he's a teenager. you go back when he's a baby, or when he's before he's conceived. and they weren't gonna go back to when he was a baby because they, they're not gonna film anything with male heir he runs over a child over and over, of course, yeah, okay, you cannot when I condone that. but you know, going back to this time makes sense in order to kill Antichrist, someone who becomes very powerful. but at this moment, you know, he's just kind of your teenage murderer, serial killer. nice touch in the writing to make sure, okay, we got to get him choking, constant, something bad, right? release. so there's no like, redeemable qualities this kid. right before, you got to run him over a few times, get them out of the picture. also, what we learned here is that if you want to kill the Antichrist, you have to drive a Range Rover, a composed and luxurious ride with Range Rover capability delivered with impressive combined emissions of 64 grams per kilometer, the all-new 2016 Range Rover seyton. now, Constance has an opportunity bring Michael back into the house. he begs her, yeah. and all I could think of right then, in there I know I'm not the only one who thought this too was the good son. yes, with Macaulay Culkin. come on, everyone. immediately you're thinking, mom, come on mom. save me, mom. so Constance says, you know what? I'm gonna catch you on the flip side, yeah, and you're going straight to hell, bro, bye. cuz she has plans, probably, to use that house for herself at some point. yeah. III, like how this closely mirrored at ease at ease death in in in murder house. she had an opportunity to save him, but she knows how evil he is. and he's not her grandson. he's not. he is some sort of evil of a different realm. and that she did, he cannot, by any circumstances, be able to live on an eternity in that house. okay, let's talk about the time travel. now, the time travel logic here pretty confusing. it's a little all over the place. you got a little bit of days a futures past. yeah, a little bit of back to the future. and also you got like Jumanji, time travel, because she stays there, just like the kids in Jumanji, right? she stays in that timeline, but she knows everything. so he's the only constant going on here. but yet, she's back in the past. but she should have just stayed in the past the first time, yeah, the first attempt, she disappeared. this time around, no, she's, she's never, I'm gonna hang out back here. she is the supreme now, so maybe she's got some new powers added on here. but there's no explanation for how this works. time travel in a chess is all over the place. not at all. you you think that she would just didn't disappear and go back to her current timeline. she's in the past. and she goes back to the Academy, and, you know, they don't, no one recognises her, knows what kind of went on, and she makes a decision not to tell anyone the truth of what happened. so, you know, she has this kind of knowledge of what just which she went through when the whole coven went through, what, how close to the earth being completely destroyed went through. now, my question here is, she goes back to the Academy, and Cordelia is the supreme, but she is the supreme in the back. she'sshe went through this whole, you know, journey to become the supreme, so, like, who the hell is the supreme yeah. what's going on with Cordelia's powers? is she, like, right? I think I touch hands and immediately something Bad's gonna happen. what's going on? right? I did like the touch though, that, like, so, Myrtle snow was never resurrected. she's still rest in peace. Myrtle snow. you know, she's never, she was never brought back. she'd, they didn't need her help. I like the Queen II was still alive. cleaning was in the Academy, and she was planning her trip. this is a fun tie in with hotel, with both hotel Cortez and Mallory gives her the heads up, I don't go to that hotel. check the reviews. you know. go book a hotel bout down by the beach. it's a much better experience. LA, traffic sucks. ass Brock. she could just tell her right then and there. hey, it's the portal to Hell, right? don't go there. just, I don't care about traffic, cuz something, anything could happen there. I think there was, I think they were trying to be cute with it and not like, did you, Margie, yeah, and not give a full-on reference to it. but we know that she's definitely referencing hotel Cortez there. that was cool. I liked how they said that Madison is still in hell, and they're gonna let her, just let her just sit there. oh, it's pretty funny that. Mallory's like, now, you know, I'm gonna let her just hang out there for a little bit. let's talk about man for a second, because I love that little exchange they had there. Perry, her and papa, they're really good friends at this BFFs. yeah, yeah. next he's like, no, I like my gig down there. a piece out. see you guys later. apparently she can come and go as she pleases. I don't know how to raise yeah, whatever. I'm fine with that logic. where are you going? back to Papa. I like it down there. how about the listener, you play? hi. I don't understand. suppose you just say, thank you. so let's fast forward to 2020. in this fixed timeline, we run into Tim, who are they? and Emily? Oh, Lowe's, yeah, yeah, those two with the special DNA. well, they're back. he comes back around. yeah. and that special DNA definitely meant something. apparently, Satan had kind of like use them as a contingency plan that, you know, if Michael Langdon worked out, that he wanted these two together to be his kind of Adam and Eve for hell. okay, so what we're seeing here is that this is gonna keep going. it's not gonna continue. yes, this I ever ending. so it's never ending here. good and evil always gonna fight, yes? Satan's never gonna give up, and the forces of heaven and hell will always be at war. this does not mean that there's going to be another season. there is no to be continued. and I think that's it. this is, this is booking. yeah, definitely. I mean, it just basically means that, like we said, it just keeps on going and going, and that there needs to be the witches that can time travel in and change, kind of stop the prophecy, prophecy from occurring, stop Satan from pulling off this, yes, master trick. now, the whole thing about Timothy and Emily coming back for another season to explain their whole DNA, sure, they can do that, but that doesn't really mean that there's gonna be any kind of sequel to this season. they can come back to that yeah, I think it would be a waste to I think it would be the same, be the same, the same story. it's the same story. I mean, we really don't need to know the back, the context or background on Timnath and Timothy and Mo. we just know that. all we know is that that salaries gonna be there. use randomization. yeah. and they can use them as a vessel, and Satan could choose any two other people to use as a vessel to bring back his spawn and try to end the world. so it's just an ongoing cycle, like you said, and hopefully good wins at the end. doesn't mean they're aliens. it doesn't mean they're kids, kids. yeah. I think people online are kind of overreacting to like, well, who are they? who are they? it's just, it's just two random people with that were pit never picked that have, you know, the nod to the special DNA, was cool to see that that they were kind of chosen by some higher power, Satan in this case. but man had a if he wasn't carrying a coffee none of this would have happened. why do you have to carry that? cough, no, no, no. destiny. with Satan's powers, it's gonna happen no matter what. apparently sure. so we got here, they're going to meet up, no matter what, whatever happens to the timeline, they're going to meet up. and I really enjoyed at the very end here, the the shot of their son, same shot over the name, very similar shot to where we saw at the end of Murder House with Michael Langdon nice throw back. and it wrapped up really nicely at the end here. besides the hit and run that we saw earlier, everything else wrapped up pretty nice in terms of, like, the callbacks that they gave to previous seasons and this new kind of timeline. we've been waiting our whole lives for this. we're here to help. okay, let's jump into favorite moments. Ryan, what was yours? I think we referenced this earlier, that you you enjoyed a lot, was was kind of that that's spree that Michael Lang didn't went on, that t1000, that Thanos spree that he just started killing, snatching hearts, snapping necks. and then it all came to a containment, came to a head with Cordelia and him facing off. and the line that she gave was just perfect. and epic. she has one side, but my sister started Legion. mother [ __ ]. I also really enjoyed Myrtle in this episode, in the entire season, but the beginning with this, to set the tone, with Myrtle going into Canaris robotics and just like, basically just handling all them and just teaching them what's up. now, I really enjoyed that part. so what about you? was your favorite? mine's got to be everything. again, I just like you, I loved everything, from that moment when Marie Laveau comes back, yeah, the way to the killing spree. but one moment in particular where I knew that this is going to be very campy and it's going the way I wanted it to go, was the miss Meade explosion. that's to go with that. alright, let's wrap it up with some final questions, some unanswered questions and thoughts that we have on the season. number one, before this episode, we had thought that the Antichrist was conceived with a human and a spirit. from what we heard back, Billie Dean Howard said, I believe back in murder house. doesn't mean anything, apparently. or there's still some spirit thing going on with one of the two kids, I don't know. yeah, I think so. one of the options would say, one of those kids aren't who we think they are, that there's some sort of special, the DNA is literally special, that they're not of human they're from another realm. they're alien, they're spirit but the other thing I think, you know, from what Billie Dean Howard said back in Murder House, was that the devil, Satan, kind of got a little more bang for his buck. yeah. so he kind of, you know, he he wanted, in this instance, he wanted to bring his spawn through a ghost and a human. but not necessarily has to be that way. that like, the iteration of this Antichrist that is Michael Langdon, is kind of like the perfect storm for him. but that it could also happen with humans. if the devil is going to use a human wound for his spawn, he's gonna want a little more bang for his buck. okay? I buy that. only because, again, it's Satan's work here, right? oh, we don't know what he's doing, but we know that Satan's involved. yes. you think they came back later on the end of episode? yeah, exactly. and you think that Satan could, he could basically choose any two people to put this to make this happen, right? he could, no, it doesn't have to be just a spirit, in just a human he could be like, hey, you and you, you're gonna make my spawn. it's gonna, I'm going to, like he has that power to control that. so I think that Michael Langdon, and how he was conceived, that was like the ultimate weapon or vessel, mm-hmm. but that it could also occur in just regular human beings that he chooses. so, yes, that timeline was restored by going back in time and ending the apocalypse by killing Michael Langdon. so what else happened? we puts him down on the list here. God. okay, here. so we got the apocalypse was avoided, right? all right. so Michaels killed. yep. he's gone in this timeline. the coven saved. yes. the earth is saved for the moment, for the time being. good timing. yes. all right. Myrtle isn't resurrect she's back? nope. no. rest in peace. sorry, Myrtle. Madison, he's back in retail hell. yep. she deserves it. okay, now, here's one that's gonna piss off a few people. yeah. Murder House has been reset. so Hayden violet still not talking? nope. yeah. so to return, the return to Murder House episode where all that stuff went down, never, never happened. so that means that Constance Langdon is still alive. she probably didn't commit suicide, well, at least not yet. she probably will still go out on her own terms, right, in that house, but not with Michael's hand. right? another sad ones, Moira's still stuck in that house, right? right? right. she didn't meet her mom. we don't have that scene anymore. it's beautiful here. I feel like I can find me brave. so, Queenie makes it safely to the press. I'm guessing Queenie wins The Price is, Right? yes. I remember that. that tickets enchanted. so she probably, she gets there safely, doesn't doesn't get killed in the hotel. she's probably enjoying the nice beach weather down there in Venice. okay? and she mixed his prices, right? she probably wins with the [ __ ] enchantment on that ticket. and that should change everything from that point on. I'm okay with this. if they can go on from a sequel here. yeah, I would love to see where they're going. maybe I'll watch episodes of Queen just just winning The Price is Right, week after week. again, Jeff and Matt are out there somewhere just building robots and railing cocaine lines. that's it. they're fine. now the apocalypse looks like it's still on course. here with the new kid. yeah, give it about 10, 15 years, it'll still happen. yep. but Mallory's there to hopefully stop it from happening. so she's gonna get tired of his time travel every for every generation of time-travel, just trying to save the world. her name, the unlucky one. oh, that's good. point lag down. there you go. and finally, the last thing that did not happen, and probably the most important thing of the whole season, Stu was not turned into steel. thank God. okay, everyone, that's it for us over here. let us know any big questions you have on the season finale in the comment section down below. guys, we want to thank you for watching this show with us all season long. also, you can pick up some Stu shirts. hey. the link is in the description down below. thank you so much for the support. and let us know what other type of videos you'd like to see us do on American Horror Story? we are open to basically anything Horror Story related. would you like to see us break down some other seasons? when I go back in the past, when a time travel hide, that's time travel. oh, no. let us know guys, 