Liss and so I've gotten a couple requests for the Spanish series on Netflix called elite that's pretty much a high school telenovela. at first I thought this thing was like a reboot of rebelde, but it's more of an unrated version of Pretty Little Liars with subtitles as super important to know, y en espanol pero. what I don't intend though is how bad dumping is on almost every Netflix show. so subs overdubs everyday. this show takes place in Espana, so, you know, they go heavy on the lifts, and when they realize that someone at the school got murdered, they all go, I think it's worth the binge for its eight episodes. it's steamy, its melodramatic, and they're clearly aiming to have a second season, even though I think it's better that it just has one. let me explain. so right off the bat, this thing has a pretty elite title, showing you how everyone is going to marry each other. and they're coming from opposite ends. we got these three kids who arrived at this preppy school after an incident that happened in the previous one. two of them got scholarships for using their head. well, the third one, Christian, got their because he got hit in the head. all the trust fund kids looked down on them because they're considered too poor to be in their presence. which, I mean, the last school was so bad the roof fell on their head. so they kind of have a point. he got Samuel, who I would say feels like the main character in the series. he's one of the three who got a scholarship to come to this school. and right away, my man falls in love with Spanish Emmy Rossum. problem is that his brother just got out of jail as well, and that dude doesn't just look like Jon Bernthal. he's got his anger to and the man swoops up his brother's girl. the big deal with the show is that marina, the one who the two brothers like, gets murdered. and so we're seeing these flash-forwards of everyone getting interrogated as we lead up to it. and even though she's one of the rich kids, it kind of sucked that she died, cuz I thought she was one of the better characters. she was pretty cool. she wasn't stuck-up. and so we learned the marina [ __ ] of what she do [Music]. it turns out that like, half of my college credits, it's not transferable. but like, you still got to let non know. her brother, Guzman, is like ultra protective of her, right? this man even refuses to believe that his sister got it because she was sleeping around to him. she's a freaking angel mother, Teresa. he wants to believe that she accidentally tripped, slipped and landed on some dudes. Guzman's adopted, but he quickly also adopts the lifestyle of being a douche, especially since his girlfriend, Lewis worst in him, right? here's a point where they devised a plan to screw with the third scholarship student named Nadia, because she's like the penny proud of the school. the thing is that everyone's trying to get this Ivy League trophy that'll get him a full ride to this University in Florida, but only one student can get it. that's why lude the man's goose man to seduce Ned, to brew a plan that screws her, cuz Guzman actually starts falling for the girl. Maddy has a brother named Omar who's a drug dealer. so his dad just wants to lock him up in a closet, not realizing that Omar's already coming out of it. he starts a little fling with Anders, who's the principal's son and Guzman's right-hand man, before he becomes Omar's left-hand man. and these two are like the only ones in the show, right? Omar and Anders, who I actually was rooting for, because they were never doing anything bad to anyone else. they just should have ran away and escaped all the pressures of their parents and the craziness of these three. now, to me, Christian is a straight-up cartoon, which is why I guess I can kind of relate to him to a degree. this man knows he doesn't belong in the school cuz he just got in because of an accident, so he tries to make the best of it. he's a complete buffoon. and even on the first day, he's all ready to work on a group project with a girl, not realizing that it involves three partners. Carla right here, maybe the background friend, right? like you see her at first, and you think she's the Amanda Seyfried freed of the group, who's cute and innocent you know, the one who stands behind the Mean Girls, not realizing she's the conniving one. first off, she has polo whimper and Marco in his little hidden corner. as she gets off, makes Christian believe that he's fitting in, but only physically. and when it comes to cover-ups, this chick is Skyler white bad. see, by the time they're all getting interrogated in the future, trying to figure out who did the murder, it ends up being almost anyone, right? like marina ends up pregnant with nanos kids, so the cops can easily think that he's got probable cause, even though he just wanted to run away with her. it could also be Samuel, since he realizes that the girl he likes is a lying, thieving adulterer at heart. with his brother, Nadia's mad at her because she snitched on her brother for selling drugs, which means onder's is too, since that's his boo. she has the teacher on edge because he did this no money. no, not any money, which is why teachers never confiscate those phones. her brother, Guzman, is always angry, so you could have just had a fit. she's also backstabbed her family by stealing their expensive watches that have these secret USB drives in there because she wants to run away. and that gets Carla mad, because that blackmailing also involves her dad. so by the end of it, when she finally ends up being the one who wins the award, ain't nobody care about her except soy boy, Samuel, I'm sorry that people are so jealous of me, but I can't help it that I'm popular. what's dumb about it is that by the final episode, where everything's starting to get connected, she's still considering running away, so she doesn't really even need the trophy. but Samuel tries to convince her to stay, and she's like, nah, I'm leaving. and she calls nano and says, no, I'm staying. polo goes to talk to her, only because he wants to steal back to watch, thinking that somehow he'll be able to get Carla all back for himself. but when marina mocks him, dude, congratulate her with her own trophy, pulls a cane enable and dips. but I mean, you gotta watch back. like I said, Carla comes in looking like the CDA during a 23-19. she cleans up everything. she gets rid of the murder weapon, toast bolo that if he can take a he can take his secret to the grave. but because my Tina survive long enough to die in nanos arm when he arrived to run away with her, he gets charged with it and goes to jail again. lose. like the only one who's happy, kind of, because I guess by default, she's gonna get the scholarship. however, her boyfriend, Guzman starts pulling a sonic the hedghog because he's super depressed. crazy Carl is acting like nothing ever happened. these two should still consider running away. and someone tells Christian, who's one of the only ones who knows the truth, that he's going to do anything in his power to save his brother because that's his blood. leading us to believe that in season two, we will get to the bottom of things and find justice. and y'all thought East High had some drama. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, I'm very curious to see what Netflix is gonna do next. I know, like with dark that's one that you guys have been recommending a lot. they've been able to do a lot of, not just movies, but series and other languages that are filmed in other places. and that's it. this one is, its melodramatic. it is a telenovela, pretty much. I'm curious to see what they do with season 2, even though I feel like they're gonna drag it out, because, like, the whole point of season 2 is is making everything be normal and okay, when that's not the world that they've built up. so I don't think you're gonna find justice in season 2. and if you do, it's gonna back-end everything they did. but ok, so know your thoughts about this. don't forget to comment, like, and subscribe, and I'll send you a free subscription to Telemundo. 