mr pacific flight 7500, do you copy? 7 500? do you copy? [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain flight 7500. this movie tells the story of flight 7500 from los angeles to tokyo. unexpectedly, things take a turn for the worse when a supernatural force begins killing the people on board one by one. will anyone survive in the end? let's find out in flight 7500. flight 7500 tells the story of the vista pacific 7500 airline that will travel from los angeles to tokyo. two flight attendants were seen getting ready before the plane took off. one of the flight attendants, laura, turns out to secretly have an affair with the pilot. another flight attendant, susie, arrived a bit late because she had to attend her sister's wedding. susie's face showed that she was a little jealous of her sister for going before her in marriage. the passengers began to board the plane one by one. married couple brad and pia occupy first class upstairs. they were accompanying their partner, who was going on vacation to tokyo. brad and pia agreed to divorce after they returned from the vacation. in economy class downstairs, rick and liz are a newlywed couple going on their honeymoon in tokyo. this has a cocky disposition as well as a lot of whimsy. she didn't want to sit close to anyone. luckily, her husband was patient enough to deal with it. another passenger in economy class was lance, a businessman carrying an antique box. then there was a girl named racquel who was on a video call with her boyfriend before the plane took off. next to her, a man named jake was trying to start a chat with her. when a flight attendant tells jake to turn off his cell phone. racquel looks into his open bag and sees a lot of cell phones inside. then there was a gothic looking girl named jessina who took the seat next to liz. apart from them, there were more than a hundred passengers who boarded the plane before takeoff. laura tries to contact the captain because she gets an emergency message from ground control about a series of important checks they've missed. but it turned out that the captain was behind laura and surprised her by hugging her from behind. the captain, named pete, often has an affair with laura, even though he is married. laura was about to send an emergency message from ground control, but the captain immediately left as soon as he got a phone call from his wife. the plane finally took off and flew at a cruising altitude of 10 000 feet. shortly after that, the plane experienced turbulence as it broke through a dense layer of clouds. the incident did not take long, but many passengers panicked and were frightened, including lance, who had a sudden panic attack. lance was hyperventilating, which caused him to have difficulty breathing normally. the flight attendants tried to calm him down. laura then announced to all passengers and asked if any passengers worked as doctors, because an economy-class passenger suddenly felt sick and needed help. brad, who is a medical worker, immediately rushed to economy class. on the other hand, rick, who saw the flight attendants having a hard time calming lance down, tried to help them as best he could. brad told the flight attendants that he was a doctor, and they immediately gave him a place where he could freely check on lance's condition. lance's condition was getting worse because he started vomiting blood. he was also having convulsions until his breathing stopped. brett, who realized this, immediately asked other passengers to help lay lance on the plane floor. brad and rick tried to give rescue breaths, but their efforts were in vain because lance had already died. if lance was still breathing, maybe they'd make an emergency landing so he could get medical attention as soon as possible. but because he has died, the plane will continue its journey to tokyo, and medical personnel will treat his body when the plane arrives. because of this incident, passengers in first class will inevitably have to move to economy class. the flight crew had to do this because they had nowhere else to put the body after the situation became conducive. racquel then went to the toilet with a pregnancy test. meanwhile, laura toured economy class while offering hot coffee to the passengers. as she passed lance's chair, she saw that lance's molar had fallen from his gums. and was still covered in blood. she was so surprised that she fell. not only that, she also saw blood marks on lance's chair, which suddenly dried up elsewhere. brad noticed that his nails were turning blue, and the bottle of water he was holding began to deflate. laura rushed into the seat, put on the seat belt and then ordered all the passengers to put on their seat belts. the plane again experienced turbulence, which caused great shocks. as a result, the pressure in the cabin dropped drastically, and they were required to wear oxygenates to keep breathing. then thick white smoke appeared, suddenly filled the plain cabin. racquel, who was in the toilet, was in shock and had difficulty breathing because there was no oxygen. brad started helping people who had trouble putting on oxygenates. he then saw his wife unconscious because she was not using oxygen aids. brad rushed over to his wife, but he struggled to catch his breath and get on his feet. as the plane shook, everyone was very panicked and frightened because the turbulence this time was longer than before. brad finally managed to reach the emergency oxygen aid and immediately helped pia. not long after, the plane was no longer shaking and the pressure in the cabin began to return to normal. gradually, all passengers and flight crew can breathe normally again without oxygen aids. captain pete later announced that the plane had leaked due to previous turbulence, causing pressure problems in the cabin. the pilot then reassured the passengers to remain calm, because the flight crew would immediately repair the damage. after that, laura finds racquel passed out in the toilet. she then took quick action by giving her an emergency oxygen kit. laura's efforts were not in vain. racquel began to regain consciousness and finally breathe normally again. on the other hand, pia thanks brad for saving her life. brad tries to persuade pia to keep their marriage, but pia still insists on getting a divorce from brad. when things started to get quiet and many of the passengers were already asleep, jake crept upstairs to first class. on the other hand, liz, who was looking at her wedding photos on her laptop, suddenly saw the reflection of lance's figure on the laptop screen. liz then looked back, but no one was there. jake, who had arrived upstairs, then approached lance's body, which was covered in cloth. apparently, he is interested in lance's fancy watch and intends to steal it. after removing the luxury watch from his wrist, jake immediately took out his cell phone and idly wanted to record a video with lance's corpse for memory. but lance's corpse suddenly moved, and jake screamed hysterically. meanwhile, in the plain pantry, laura and susie were doing their work while chatting, when laura accidentally looked out the window. she saw an f-16 fighter jet flying beside their plane and assumed something had happened. susie then told laura that she had not seen the passenger named jake anywhere. laura and susie then looked for jake's whereabouts. they then asked racquel, who was sitting next to jake. racquel said that jake went upstairs. laura and susie immediately looked for jake upstairs. but when they got there, they didn't find jake anywhere. not only that, lance's corpse, which had been placed on the top floor, had now disappeared as well. laura immediately reported this to captain pete and told the pilot that she saw an f-16 fighter jet flying next to them. but captain pete said he didn't see any plans. on the other hand, raqqa went to the toilet again to take a pregnancy test. while she was waiting for her test results, suddenly, thick white smoke appeared and filled the toilet, like when the plane experienced turbulence before. but racquel's horror didn't stop there. because suddenly, from the plane toilet floor, a pair of pale skinned hands appeared holding her legs. racquel screamed hysterically. news of the disappearance of lance and jake's body spread quickly on the plane. several passengers then approached the flight attendants and said they had also seen lance sightings in various places after he died. brad thought that the disappearance of lance and jake's bodies most likely had to do with lance himself. captain pete then asked laura to search for lance and jake's bodies. laura replied there had been no further developments, and the two had not yet been found. laura said that she wanted to end her romance with pete. laura wanted pete to care and love her family more. the pilot could not help but accept her decision. brad rick and their wives then investigate lance's belongings on the plane. the two married couples did not find anything suspicious in lance's bag. they only found a few sample bottles containing strands of hair labeled with women's names. jacinda then came to them while carrying lance's antique box, which she had suspected from the beginning. after they opened the box, they found a scary doll, often called a shinigami doll. lance turns out to be a puppet businessman. the hair in the sample bottle is the hair of the doll. lance intends to hand over the doll to a customer in tokyo. jason to then explain that in japanese belief, shinigami are gods of death. she continued that people who had died had to give up their death so that the shinigami could pick up their spirits and take them to the afterlife. she is sure that the appearance of lance's figure after his death and the sudden disappearance of his corpse is associated with a shinigami. in that case, it can be concluded that lance is not willing to die and leave this world. so his spirit is still wandering on the plane. on the other hand, laura, who is looking for jake and lance's body in the trunk of the plane, decides to search lance's suitcase. laura managed to find the suitcase only by relying on the light of her flashlight. but before she had time to open the suitcase, suddenly, someone attacked her from behind. the frightened laura tried to save herself, but a pale skinned hand appeared from the darkness, and she screamed hysterically. susie, waiting for laura to get out of the trunk, began to suspect that something had happened to her friend. when susie looked in there, a pale skinned hand reappeared and tried to catch her. she then fled to the first floor, which was quiet and dark. just when susie thought it was safe, because several passengers started arriving upstairs, suddenly, the compartment above her head opened and she was pulled up. brad pie rick, liz and jason were shocked to see what happened to susie. the appearance of thick white smoke in the cabin and the plane that started to shake again only worsened things. they tried to run away from there. he and brad then headed to the cockpit to tell the pilot everything that had happened. but once they got there, the cockpit door had opened. captain pete and his assistants have died. jacinta, who was still upstairs, was then surprised by the appearance of an unexpected figure. the figure is herself. she said that jason had to let go of everything that had happened. jason to then approached the figure and hugged her tightly. downstairs, a panicked brad immediately ran to the passenger cabin. but brad fell because his leg was tripped by racquel, who was lying stiff on the floor. after brad stood up and entered the economy class cabin, he was shocked by the terrifying sight that lay before him. brad didn't get into the cabin. rick saw brad's strange behavior, then asked him about what he saw in the economy class cabin, but brad didn't answer. rick and liz finally got into the economy class cabin to see for themselves what was going on in there, followed by brad and pia. the four of them discovered that everyone in the economy class cabin has died, including themselves. they also remembered jess and his words that all those who had died had to give up their dead to cross peacefully to the afterlife. the television in the cabin suddenly turned on a news headline showed that flight 7500 suffered a severe decompression due to turbulence, which caused the oxygen aid to malfunction and radio communication was cut off. the f-16 fighter jet has confirmed that all passengers and crew died from running out of oxygen. brad and pia finally realized that they were all dead. by then, during the previous violent turbulence and having problems with the oxygen device, the f-16 fighter jet that laura saw was observing what was happening on the plane and saw that all the passengers and crew had died. they could not confirm whether there were any survivors of the incident, but it is very unlikely that anyone will survive, because the plane leaks, the plane will continue to fly on autopilot for five hours and crash due to running out of fuel. brad and pia finally accept their deaths and hug each other as the plane runs out of fuel and crashes into the ocean. moments later, liz wakes up and finds the plane empty. apparently, liz is the only passenger who hasn't given up on her death. she then heard a strange sound coming from one of the trash bins on the plane. when she opened it and looked inside, a pale skinned hand appeared, and she screamed hysterically. the film ends. [Music]. you 