welcome back to movies explained. today we are looking at the movie called the gift. the story starts with simon and robin checking out a house they are thinking of moving into. the agent casey shows them the rooms, the koi pond, and tells them about the open floor plan and the lights and the fireplace. casey asks simon about his work. he tells her about moving to california from chicago due to a new job. simon and robin are picking up some items for their home when a man greets simon. he tells him that we both know each other and are from the same high school fairmount park. simon introduces gordon to his wife and tells him about moving from chicago. they have to leave for their house, so they go to garden and ask him to catch up some other day. in the morning, robin unpacks her stuff. she is throwing trash outside when she hears a baby crying in the car. she goes to grab her. when lucy and ron, robin's neighbors, come and read her lucy asks her about her experience in the neighborhood and that she can always come over to tea or have a glass of wine whenever she wants. robin is taking a bath when she hears knocking on the door. she checks to see who's there and finds a gift with a wine bottle and a letter at the door. the gift is from gordon. simon is amazed to see gordon getting their address without them telling him. robin suggests thanking gordon for the favor. she is at lucy's when she tells her about her story of losing her baby in chicago. she also tells her that they are trying to start a family. she holds lucy's baby for a while, then hands her back and goes back to her place. she is working and cooking side by side when gordon knocks at the door. she thanks him for the wine. when he hands her a list of local people with phone numbers, like the gardener, maids, etc. he then gives her a glass cleaner, and robin thanks him again. gordon is fascinated by the architecture of the place and praises it a lot. he comes in on robin's request, and she shows him around the house. he looks at her stuff, so she tells him about the unpacking she's been doing. she informs simon that gordon is going to have dinner with them. at the dinner table, simon and gordon discuss their high school gordon says, i knew simon would be someone who would make a life for himself. i am very happy for you. he makes a toast to the old friends and the new ones. gordon keeps asking simon about his work, what he does, and compliments him on having a new job, a beautiful wife and a new home. he suggests robin and simon start a family. they look at each other with sadness. simon tries to get to know gordon, and he tells him that he did two tours in the military, but then ended up doing other stuff. when gordon leaves, simon tells robin he feels terrible for him and that gordon is weird. he tries to paint him as a delusional man and tells robin how he was irritated by him. robin tries to make him forget about gordon and says, it was just a dinner and it's over. you don't have to do it again. robin and simon go to simon's welcome party, when kevin introduces him to all the colleagues and toasts new blood to the company. robin tells the people about her freelancing work with some consulting firms. simon shows robin his huge office and compares it to danny's, saying it is smaller than his, but it will work. simon tells robin about his bosses who once worked in the mail room and made their way up. robin asks simon, do you not want me to get back to work? to which he says, i want you to do whatever you want to do, as long as you stay healthy. he tells her to work anywhere she wants, she just shouldn't be stressed. they get back home and find another gift on their door. robin unpacks the present and finds fish food with a letter from gordon thanking them for dinner. robin goes to the pond and sees it filled with the fishes. simon is troubled by gordon's gifts, but robin doesn't find it unusual. simon tells her about gordon, that he was a weirdo in school. but robin thinks gordon is misunderstood. he makes jokes about him and writes, gordo, the weirdo on the board the following day, when robin comes from her jogging, she hears her dog barking outside. gordon comes again and asks for simon. robin tells him that he is in his office, but he can have tea with her. after talking for a while, she leaves to work on her project. at the same time, gordon sees the board on which simon wrote, gordo, the weirdo, and leaves without saying anything. robin and simon have neighbors over their house where they discuss gordon. simon says that he was not affected by seeing his name written on the board. instead, he invited them for dinner over his place with another couple. the neighbors suggest declining the invitation politely, but they decide to go. they enter through the front gate and are amazed to see his house. gordon welcomes them and hands them wine glasses. they are talking when gordon receives a call, leaving robin and simon alone in the room. simon makes jokes about gordon and tells his wife that gordon is obsessed with her. he further adds that all the unannounced drop bys and visits are because he wants to have her for himself. robin tells simon he is exaggerating. simon sneaks into one of the rooms and finds dresses of a woman, along with kids stuff. they hear gordon's car sound and rush back to their place. simon asks about the task he went to do and about his job. he tells them his sob story of his wife leaving him along with their two kids. gordon tells them that the house belongs to his wife and he has to do whatever she asks. he asks simon and robin to join him for dinner. simon asks robin to get into the car while he talks to gordon. he says, there is no easy way to say this. we would prefer that you don't visit us anymore. simon and robin sit in the car and are going to leave, but gordon doesn't open the gate. simon steps out of the car and yells at him, making him open the door. robin comes home after jogging and finds jangles missing, while the fish are dead in the pond. simon comes home and gets angry at the situation. he heads to gordon's place, but finds out it belongs to another couple. an investigator visits simon's house and simon tells him all that has happened. the investigators say that he doesn't have any proof, so they cannot go and confront gordon. robin prince adds for her missing dog. she visits lucy and gets some prescription pills from her place. robin wakes up in the middle of the night, looks at the pills, but is distracted by a sound. she tries to wake simon, but he is asleep. so she checks on the door. she finds bijangles outside. simon thinks gordon is messing with them. in the morning, robin finds a letter in the box from gordon. he apologizes and says, i would never do anything to upset you both, and i really wish to start over again. however, i will honor your word and leave you alone. in the letter, gordon mentions, i wanted bygones to be bygones. i had nothing but good intentions. robin tries to ask simon what this was pointing to, but he rolls the conversation and says, i don't know. robin has trouble sleeping and spends a lot of time looking at gordon's letter. she is cutting apples one day when she hears some noise, and when she goes to check it out, she faints. simon confronts her with the pills. in the morning, he starts the conversation about his promotion, but then asks robin if she wants to tell him something. robin asks simon to call gordon, because she thinks it will make her feel better. but he suspects her mixing things. simon tells her that this subject is closed and they should move on with their life. they continue their everyday life, and robin gets pregnant. she is shopping with lucy when she sees gordon outside the shop. gordon immediately leaves when he sees robin coming towards him. she comes back home and shows the shopping to simon's mother and sister. she is walking with joan, who is simon's sister, and asks about gordon mosley. joan says he was the kid who got sent away. they found him getting molested in a car by an older kid. it turned into a huge case, and he ended up getting bullied by other kids for being gay at school. robin finds out that simon and his friend greg reported the case and were the ones to save gordon. the next day, when simon leaves for his office, robin opens up his locked drawer and finds a lot of information and background checks on gordon and danny mcdonald's. she takes it to lucy, on which lucy tells her to do her research or ask simon herself. robin searches for greg and goes to see him in his office. greg refuses to give robin any information, but tells her that gordon was not molested, and simon fabricated the story. robin asks greg why simon would do such a thing. he replies, because he could. robin discovers that gordon's father almost killed him for being gay, but he survived the attack. gordon's father was sent to prison for attempted murder, and gordon signed up for the military. robin comes back home and confronts simon. simon shows no remorse, but she keeps on pushing him to feel sorry for getting an innocent person almost killed. simon tells her to forget it as the story was 25 years old and had been blown out of proportion. robin tells him gordon's story. simon says, my father did [ __ ] to me too, but i sucked it up. and made something of myself instead of crying and praying and being stuck in the past. simon explains his side of the story. when robin comes closer and slaps him, she tells him, you were a bully then and you are a bully now. simon makes an excuse for not apologizing. he says that he doesn't know where the guy is. robin throws the file with all the information simon had collected on gordon and leaves. when simon's anger wears off, he comes to robin and apologizes. he tells her that he wanted to protect her, so he collected all the information on gordon to get a restraining order. he confesses having no idea about gordon's situation. robin tells him that he should not be apologizing to her, but to guard him. simon tracks down gordon in a bar. when gordon is leaving, he follows him and asks for an apology. simon tells him that he wanted to apologize because robin wanted him to. gordon says, it's too late for an apology now. you are done with the past, but the past is not done with you. simon asks him what he means by that. but gordon doesn't answer. simon beats him up and says, who you are now has nothing to do with me and leaves. when he goes back home, he lies to robin that gordon accepted his apology. he says, i am sorry and hugs robin. simon hosts a party at his house to celebrate his promotion. everyone praises him for his hard work, and kevin congratulates him for becoming the national division sales representative. they are talking and celebrating when they hear a noise outside. someone hit the glass window with a rock. no one is hurt. the men go out to check. they search the place, when they find danny mcdonald there. he yells at simon for fabricating the evidence against him, due to which he lost his job. ron is going to hand danny over to the police, but simon asks him to let danny go. robin's water breaks and they take her to the hospital. she gives birth to a beautiful baby boy, and everyone is happy. while simon is still in the hospital, he receives a call from kevin, who informs him of being kicked out of office by the end of the week. simon tries to negotiate, but kevin tells him that the decision is final and they can do nothing about it. simon comes to see robin and is excited to take her and the baby home. robin says, i don't want to go home. i don't want to go home with you. simon tries to look normal and tells her to talk later. he leaves for his house. when he reaches home, he finds a giant gift box at the door. he goes inside and opens it, along with a baby cot. he finds three more gifts wrapped in paper. he opens the first one and finds the keys to his home. the second gift has a cd that says, play me. he plays the cd and finds out that it was the audio from the dinner night when he made fun of gordon in his house. he then opens the third one, which again has a cd that says, watch me. he plays the video and sees gordon coming into his house, capturing his wife. gordon is wearing a monkey mask. the screen goes blue for a moment, and then the footage from the dare robin fainted appears. gordon is seen trying to touch robin and make sexual contact with her. the tape ends without him stating whether he raped robin or not. gordon goes to the hospital and says congratulations to robin. he leaves her flowers and tells her about the bruises he got from simon. he leaves. when simon comes rushing to the hospital, he tries to catch gordon, but he couldn't get to him. gordon calls him and says, are you going to tell her, or should i? simon begs him to stop. when gordon repeats his words, he leaves simon hanging with the question of whether the baby was simon's or his. simon rushes to the nursery and sees robin holding the baby. the story ends with simon sitting on the floor with his career and family ended at the same time. gordon moves out after removing the arm sling. [Music], you 