welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode three. now, there's nothing I hate more than when a series dedicates an entire episode to dream sequences and hallucinations. Walking Dead has maybe the worst example of this back in season 3, I think, when Rick spends the entire episode after Lori dies, talking to her on the phone. luckily, this one's not as bad. it's just Carol who's been sleep-deprived and poppin pills. think she sees Henry. the other parts of the episode, though, I liked quite a bit, so let's dive into it. the opening sequence is super cool. they do this whole, like, time countdown thing as multiple waves of zombies are sort of coming at Alexandria, small groups at first, and our people take them out no problem. but as they start coming in larger waves, were reminded that dealing with a big order of zombies is still pretty difficult, especially when new waves keep coming every hour. it's wearing the group down. they are all getting sleep-deprived. finally, they're approached by gamma, the new whisperers captain. she's like, yo, these zombies aren't actually us. and alpha wants to meet, it's hard to say if she's telling the truth. Eugene points out that the satellite probably drew in zombies from all around the surrounding area. but also, it's totally possible alpha is sending these zombies Adam. so you know, we'll see. Aaron is in charge of a zombie killing squad, and Gabriel tells him to take negan with him. this is a big deal, actually giving negan a weapon. nians done a great job of laying low so much that Gabriel now kinda trusts him. but Aaron does not trust negan. he's very much against this. this story in the episode I like a lot because of the cool power dynamic here. they only gave him a stick to fight zombies with, and when negan picks up a crowbar, Aaron's all like, yo, no, you put that down. medium is a great job of pushing the boundaries here. it's like, hey, you know, how far will Aaron? let me go? so when some zombies tackle him, negan does not immediately help. Aaron's temporarily blinded. I thought the zombie just spit in his eyes, but I guess he had some flower juices growing on him. anyway, Aaron stumbles into the cabin where negan is sitting, not revealing himself. I'm very excited to see where the negan Redemption art goes this season, if he truly will or if he'll just pretend to be redeemed, and then who knows. but in any case, for now, when some new zombies come, negan does bust in there and save Aaron's life. Aaron, being blinded, he's vulnerable. well, he's sort of forced to trust me again at this point. and so negan takes advantage of that. for the rest of the episode, he's holding the crowbar. Aaron can't say anything about it. meanwhile, the main characters go to meet alpha. her group is creepy as always. she's like, look, I know you guys crossed the border to put out the fire, but it wasn't just then. I saw you guys cross during the winter storm last season. and in Episode one when you and Aaron went on the bridge, where are these whispers watching everything? just like, behind every single tree. she's like, hey, I can be reasonable. I'm not gonna unleash my whole zombie horde just for this, but I am gonna move the border up and take more land alpha verse. Carol is the big dynamic this season. Carol hates her because she put Henry's head on a pike. in fact, she brought a gun, gonna shoot her, but how much onand Daryl stopped her. that was the smart thing to do, because, you know, they couldn't provoke the retaliation of unleashing the giant nuclear option zombie horde. but it's still frustrating, cuz alphas gotta go. on the way back, Carol spots a few whisperers following them and shoots Adam, chases him off. the group goes to look for him, but doesn't find anything. Carol's been poppin lots of pills lately, so, you know, maybe with the sleep deprivation and the pill popping, she's hallucinating them either away. when they take shelter in this abandoned school for the night, Carol hallucinates all sorts of stuff. and like I said, I hate it. it's boring. I'm not even to talk about it. in the end, she's caught in a trap and fighting off a bunch of zombies. and at the time, we thought this was probably just a hallucination too. somehow though, Carol was injured, so they bring her to the doctor's where Siddiq is still having his PTSD flashbacks of being at the whisperers group when they were cutting off the heads for pikes. new doctor Dante is there to help out, though. they get Carol patched up. he seems to be a really nice guy actually. he claims to have been an Army medic and had some PTSD problems of his own, so he helps a decal. my episode 1 claim that because Sadiq was staring at his mouth, maybe he was one of the whisperers. but now I'm thinking that wasn't the case. Siddiq was just staring at his mouth, you know, cuz he's a weirdo. also, there's a quick convo with Eugene and Rosita. she spells it out very clearly that nothing romantic is ever gonna happen between them. this is sad for Eugene. he really thought that one day he could get out of the friendzone. then at the end of the episode, we see that there are a bunch of dead zombies in the gymnasium. Harold didn't hallucinate that part. and in fact, the one she shot, we follow the trail of blood. it was a whisperer who now wakes up, I think, as a zombie. and that's where the episode ends. so there you have episode three. the plot not moved very much forward, but the cold war between whisperers and good guys is kita Nana. [Music]. 