a young couple gets kidnapped and treated like farm animals after stopping at a roadside diner to eat meat. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2018 horror title the farm. take a seat and enjoy. nora and alec, a los angeles couple, get disoriented while traveling across the countryside. they come upon a way station and decide to stop, but it is closed. nora searches the rear for a bathroom and discovers the ruins of a tent, where she discovers an abandoned wallet and smartphone. she tosses the things aside and relieves herself only a few feet away from a human skull buried in the thick grass. nora returns to the vehicle and tells alec about the abandoned can't be on the way station. alec is less bothered by the finding and more concerned about the car's low petrol tank. later, the pair comes upon a lady whose vehicle has died. the lady accepts alex offer to jump-start her vehicle. the lady asks nora whether she is married to as alec leaves to bring the vehicle and his wires over. nora says it's none of her concern, which irritates the older lady, who accuses nora of being reckless and insults the pair, to the woman chagrin. alec is unable to repair the vehicle, nora instructs alec to go, leaving the lady behind. the two stop at a restaurant along the road for a lunch. when alex sees a male customer looking at them. he and his companion decide to leave. as nora approaches the door, the guy informs her that she is not safe here. nor dismisses his admonition, and the pair exits the restaurant. nora believes the guy was simply a weirdo, but alec is worried about him. alec asked the cashier for a place to stay when he stops at a gas station to fill up the vehicle, and he is led to some rental cabins up the road. nora is scared off by a rustic cottage, and first believes it is deserted. when she discovers it, the sight of the crooked-faced landlord astounds them. the landlord welcomes them warmly and directs them to a cabin after learning that they are seeking for a lodging. he and alex strike up a discussion, but nora is disturbed by the guy and cuts the conversation short. norris hostility toward their host irritates alec. but his buddy senses something is wrong with him. the top bunk bed in the room is blood stained, which the couple is unaware of. the couple retires to their beds. at night, a guy in a sheep mask has been lurking under the frame. while they fall asleep, the masked guy emerges from under the bed, looming menacingly over the pair. nora wakes the following morning to find herself in a wire dog kennel. panicked, she tries to release herself and summons alec. a goat masked guy comes and thumps her cage to make it quiet. nora takes a risk and looks outside her cage for a rock. she squeezes her hand through the mesh with difficulty, grabs the rock and tries to smash the lock on her cage with it. the goat man reappears accompanied by a guy in a cow mask who pours a canister over her head. nora wakes up in a barn, her legs spread and tied to a chair. when a rabbit mask vet arrives, she is forcefully inseminated. nora is being dragged on a wagon back to her prison, where she observes other masked men and women performing different tasks. she even sees one butchering the body of a man. she is taken to a farm and placed in a stable. alec wakes to find himself in a cage, stripped of his clothing and restrained. he is not alone. he is with other guys in a barn, and watches in terror as the masked men enter and begin hitting two of the imprisoned men with a hammer from the tops of their cages, after fastening them with a control rod like animals. alec tries to fight back and escape through the gap, but he is knocked unconscious. his corpse, along with the bodies of the other two guys, is put onto a cart and sent to a butcher. the compound is shown to be an agricultural commune populated by quiet individuals wearing animal masks. humans are the cattle. males are kidnapped and killed for meat, while women are reared for milk. the meat that is utilized to provide a catering service for events such as weddings. after receiving an order for additional meat, the landlord decides to utilize one of the dairy animals. the landlord examines the production rates of numerous caged lactating ladies in the dairy barn, before focusing his attention to a mother and her baby. he takes her kid and weighs it before having his henchmen crush the infant's head on the ground and dragging the corpse away. the woman sobs frantically for her kid. when the landlord and his men depart, one of the commune members, an extremely slow-witted guy called andrew, tries to comfort her by speaking to her as if she were a pet. but she lashes out at him, calling him ill. he labels her a terrible person. enraged and wounded, when one of the workers arrives to check the dairy barn, he discovers andrew has murdered the lady, and informs the landlord. he is dissatisfied and instructs the others to locate andrew. nora finds another prisoner, a lady being milked by a machine next to her stall, and inquires as to what is going on, only to be told that she doesn't want to know and that there is no way out. the lady reveals that the proprietors of the establishment had spied on her and alec at a rest stop they had passed by. the lady confesses that she has been kept at the farm for two years and has been bred to the point where she is unable to conceive, and she is glad that the ordeal will soon be over. when the lady hears another sobbing voice, she recognizes ashley, another two-year-old prisoner. nora attempts to reassure ashley by saying that they will be able to flee. in another scene, one of the masked guys discovers andrew in the slaughterhouse, toying with a pair of severed heads. andrews begs for forgiveness and is taken back to the landlord. andrew gets chastised by the landlord for abandoning his position at the petrol station and for fiddling with his meal. andrew is assigned to one of the farmhands and has him serve the imprisoned guys their food however, he inadvertently tips the food pot, forcing him to flee in fear of punishment. he dashes to the greenhouse to get oregano for the landlord in the kitchen, who gratefully takes it. the chasing farmhand enters to scold andrew, and is subsequently forced to care for the lady who is unable to give milk. nora quickly sees the other lady being sliced and killed in front of her eyes like meat. nora falls in despair as the butchers depart, only to be awakened by a knock at her door. alec, bloodied and dressed, is discovered to be alive. the two discreetly leave the stables, hoping to dodge the farmhands. nora helps an injured alec to a vehicle. as they walk across the property, the vehicle won't start, so the two are obliged to keep going in order to evade one of the masked men. when the two arrive at a church, they discover that the faces of jesus and his disciples have been changed with the faces of farm animals. a cow mascot walks inside the church and momentarily prays in a sea. the pair tries to slip away, only to be caught. nora and alec escape, but are followed by the cowman, who sounds a bell alerting the rest of the farm. alec gets trapped in a bear trap while running, nora attempts to free him, but when she sees the coming farmhands, she is forced to leave him. alex skull gets smashed by a boulder while he is at the mercy of his captors. nora hides behind a wall in the mail barn. just as andrew and the landlord walk in, one of the male prisoners notices her and quietly tells her to go hide. nora runs to his cell and demands to know how he can leave the farm. with much reluctance, the guy informs her about a bus that the farmhands use to carry their catch and the location of the keys. nora walks to a parking area where many vehicles are parked. when one of the masked men turns his back on her, she uses the chance to beat his skull with a hammer. three masked individuals see her and run after her. nora jumps into one of the vehicles and drives over the barrier, only to have it run out of petrol. she is pursued across the grounds until she returns to the stables and frees ashley. the two ladies make their way to the bus, only to discover that it lacks keys. nora walks to the home mentioned by the male prisoner and enters via the window. ladies go back to the bus with the keys and successfully start it. but the ladies discover that the rear of the bus is now occupied by the disguised individuals who had been waiting for them. in the final scene, we see the farm worker sitting at the big table where nora and ashley are served as a meal. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 