[Music]. welcome to the breakdown. will we break down all the messed up [ __ ] today we were checking out Gazoo or ox-head, a surreal like film directed by Takashi Miike, who also directed each of the killer audition and visitor queue. so this movie is weird, like, literally unexplainable. it's literally almost up there with Eraserhead in terms of just weirdness. but it's about our Yakuza member named Minami, who is tasked to murder and dispose of his mentor named Ozaki. everything after that is just weird. so I'll let you guys see for yourself. oh, and before we start, I got a comment awhile ago, saying, damn, this dude talked too much. whyyy, nere everything. you know what? okay, I won't talk. I'll just, I'll stop narrating because, you know, I talk too much. so let's get to the breakdown. how the [ __ ] you gonna know what happens if I don't talk dumbass things. sometimes for me, I'll just be dumb way in a bag of rocks. okay, rewind back to the beginning. the movie starts off with this weird video with distorted voices, being watched over by this guy, Ozaki, and some more ugly as ya Cuza members. then the big boss comes in, getting the respect he deserves. but Ozaki here gets triggers, saying to woman, play with a cute little doggy. back to the meeting. Ozaki grabs boss and asked him if he saw that doggy out there. boss gets up to look, and I was like, he says that this dog is a Yakuza dog trained to kill Yakuza. yeah. I mean, wow, he looks like the most dangerous doggy ever, right? just like how intimidating he looks. hey, wait, why are you walking out? why are you open to the door? why are you going to live? why don't you grab the dog? pause, okay, pause. sorry, guys, but this is your warning. the dog will be brutally killed. probably the most disturbing animal death I've seen ever, other than the devs on Cannibal Holocaust. it's not a real dog, but still is very brutal. how this dog so that you don't want to see it? click on the time post it on-screen. I'm serious, y'all. play. Ozaki grabs the dog and Slim's him violently on the ground multiple times as he cries out. he then throws it against the wall, and then, with this leash, he throws it towards the window. Ozaki watches on, smiling as the blood triggers down. and then title screen. then we see Ozaki on a long road trip, driven by the real man character, ozaki's protege named Minami. once they stop somewhere, Ozaki is like, hey, Nami, don't you think it's weird the boss wants me to go out this way? but Minami as too nervous to share his opinion, just like Ozaki has a target on his head, and Minami is taking the hit secretly. once the rock continues, Ozaki notices that they are being followed, and they stopped the car, both getting into cover. you know what I was like, he says, his weird-ass says, that car is a Yakuza car designed to run over Yakuza me enemies like boss. is just a regular car with a regular ass woman driving. but Ozaki ignores this, runs to the car, aims his gun, and the creepy is driver, ever a woman, smiling with a bloody nose, looks right at him, right before he shoots me, not me, hits him in the head, and he has passed out. Minami then caused the boss, who confirms he called, to hit on Ozaki and wants him dead and disposed by his own protege. why? because Ozaki is crazy as hell. well, the disposal site is in Nagoya. and Minami continues to drive, but brakes suddenly when he realizes there is no more roll left. this makes those Aki hit his head really hard, killing him. worth Ozaki dead. Minami drives to a payphone when his phone has no signal, but it doesn't work until there starts ringing on his own, like it's a GTA 3 mission. y'all only get that reference. but he didn't walk into a restaurant, I guess, to figure out what he's gonna do. in the restaurant, we got a weird on the phone talking to somebody about how the weather is cold today, but it was warm yesterday. then these three weird-looking people say, welcome in unison. Minami sits down, and those three weirdos come forward, wait, still wearing a bra, hold on. all three of them are crossdressers. they gave him some coffee and some chicken custard. but I would a nothing looking exactly like that out of a place like this. Minami tears that custard up, but sees an old man asking if he's from Nagoya. but then he starts convulsing, throwing up in the toilet. meanwhile, Minami looks out to see ozaki's gone. looks like either someone stole his body or he just got up and walked away. Minami calls the boss about the missing body, but the boss is having sexual intercourse with his damn spooling up his but that's not all, because the crossdresser over here seems to be doing some type of masturbation as well. the boss tells the driver, you need to find the shiroyama group who can help find that body. and then the call ends is the crossdresser shares an orgasm with the woman on the phone. Minami then drives around looking for him. he's been talking to this cop from Hong Kong, but you know y'all, cuza don't mess with cops. when he asked too many questions, so a no plan. he gets in this car, driving away, but something tears his tired getting the attention of this man who was probably born with some pigment defect. his words, not mine. this man named nose 8 takes Minami to a junkyard that helped him find a tire, but out of sheer coincidence, is where the shiroyama group is located, which is what nosy and his boss man, here's a part of boss man says, we will help fire those Aki, but first you gotta answer my question. and if you get it wrong, you will lose something extremely important from you. the question is, what passes by but doesn't move? he's got 30 seconds to answer, but knows a skills like a hold 10 seconds, unfairly. but luckily, that was a hint on his own. the answer is time. time passes but doesn't move. so looks like Minami has some help in the form of nose a. nose a takes him to an end, holding minami's hand like he's a damn baby. the end is owned by this creepy man and his sister, this old lady, who jump scares both visitors. there's only one room left, but from the siblings weird antics, it seems like this room might be haunted. the sister then tells Minami that dinner will be ready soon. so how about you go take a bath while he bathes? the woman watches and then even lets herself in, demanding to rub his back clean. and even compliments him on how big he is down there. oh, no, I know she's being nice, but she then asked, aren't my breasts big too? she even shows him that these puppies are still filled with milk like a damn goat. she didn't ask. he wants to drink it, but he says he'll know. making a woman walk out all sad about being normally rejected like this. pause. you know, you can find this whole scene on YouTube, and it's some weirdos in the Congress. these weirdos in the coming to be saying [ __ ], like he should have been her over and just pounded her. just another week. just another reason to not like you to comment, y'all. just so weird. after dinner, minami sees the ceiling is leaking. please don't tell me that's titty milk coming up there. suddenly we see a flashback world. Zaki wants to see the results of Minami foreskin operation. gross. but then he gives him some panties with a hole in him so he can have sex with a girl without her having to at least move into the side. looks like that was some kind of dream. but we see that those panties are now in his hand, and there's a big bowl of milk in front of them, including a fool for like three people. then Minami and knows, they go to that weird restaurateur a coffee place again. and those a gets up to ask those weird guys if they seen someone who looked like Ozaki. they recognize nosey is somebody from primary school. and those eight ELLs are waiting Minami that he's on his own. now, I never want to help you. anyway, this town is really, really weird. you see that boy in the back, probably drinking titty milk or Sun while chilling a paper? airplane reaches him. it's from nose a, telling him to wait out there. well, he don't wait, because we see him talking to the motel owners about Ozaki. the woman adds if he thinks a psychic, like a medium, can help, because her brother here is one. the woman has a weird way to call for spirits, hoping to eggs then world's Aki is. but she tries to get them spirits to inhabit her brother's body by whipping him. this is just making her look damn crazy. and the brother reveals, I know, damn medium. yes, she's pretty crazy trying to whip her brother into a psyche. but something more crazy is that nose a somehow teleported inside, saying he feared the two men at the coffee shop. then Jose says that the ball crossdresser is actually supposed to be dead from a car accident three years ago. speaking of that crossdresser, he's in the bathroom farting and [ __ ] screaming and [ __ ] right in front of him. most importantly, no, they found out that Ozaki might have visited this rice shop and also this store, where Minami inquires Iggy Azalea here in our Japanese husband, to see if they'd seen Ozaki. see how she's looking up? she's reading an entire script about singing Ozaki. it's literally the most irrationally awkward thing ever. but she says Ozaki is staying at a motel ran by two siblings. so Ozaki has been staying right next to Minami, and he didn't even know. well, Minami runs to the end, finding the owners working with milk bottles, milk that comes from the titties of that woman. he angrily asked if they got another customer apart from him last night. but she ignores him to fill up that bottle, eventually give eventually giving him a milk facial. looks like Ozaki left without paying. but Minami asked to sleep there, just in case Ozaki comes back. well, later, he has a nightmare where he razor to this creature, the Ox head, aka goes, ooh, he's salami from the mouth, giving him a note, he then licking him all over the face. we even see on the side that the brother is getting breast fed by his own sister. well, nightmare over. but like the conclusion of this last dream, he's holding the item he attained from that dream, a note from Ozaki. we says, I'm waiting for you at the disposal site. damn, I forgot all about that. [ __ ]. but Minami races to the disposal site, but instead of Ozaki, he sees two people who dispose of bodies by crushing them, or also literally skinning them around. they say, yeah, Ozaki was here. he was a dead body on our doorstep, so we just scanned him in fact, huge his skin right here. well, looks like Ozaki was dead and disposed of. but here's something even weirder. guys, a woman teleports them to manami's car. guess who that woman is? it's Ozaki. she tells me, not me, this. and of course, he's like, not a chance. but she provides proof by revealing information on the Ozaki window, since she's talking about the foreskin operation head, and reveals that she knows Minami is still a virgin, use the pic of mating dogs to masturbate once, and also has an urge all of his pubic hair, all stuff only Ozaki would know. why would you tell him that? [ __ ] weirdo. not the version part, just everything else. so just to make sure we're on the same page, Ozaki, this guy, the guy who killed the dog and everything, and who died after getting hit on the head somehow, is now this woman. there is no explanation. well, Minami believes it now, I guess. but how about you asked, how the hell did he become a whole new human being? Minami stop some way to tell the boss that Ozaki has been disposed of. but Ozaki seems to be a little [ __ ] getting in with a man just because he acts Minami drags her away, and they stop at a hotel. you know, Zaki ass I mean, Nami wants to sleep with her. once she asleep, Minami, here's a weird noise coming from her privates. he lives her gallon up, hearing it loud and clear. but then she wakes up asking if he trying to get nasty tonight. Ozaki really wants a Minami inside of her. and she kind of almost seduces him too. the next morning, Minami thinks it's a good idea to tell his whole game that Ozaki is now a woman. but that makes him look crazy as hell. then Ozaki comes in, but pretends to be some woman named sake ko. and you know, the boss loves the woman, so he's really just trying to get into ozaki's panties. he brings Ozaki to his pad, and looks like they're about to have sex. boss goes to get a spoon and stick up his butt, because supposedly, without it, he can't get it up unless his up the butt. this is weird. but meanwhile, Minami is Nathan Drake in his way up the boss's ability luckily for him, boss saves him from falling. but Minami says that he won't give his mentor to anybody. he's meant to her being Ozaki. they get into a fight, and after a punch to the face, milk drips out of his butt. I hope that's milk. but then he falls on a spoon, which goes deeper into the boss. we then see them riding around, supposedly. now Minami is a thing with his old mentor, who turned into a woman. yeah. well, looks like he's about to have sex with Ozaki, who welcomes his hyung protege. it's an awkward scene where she just admires his I don't know length, but he finishes way too quickly. then things get really weird. mean, Ami's penis seems to be stuck inside of her. hell, he is dragging her all over the damn wing just to get it out. now, that was what I call scary. what's going on is a hand is grabbing manami's wee-wee. I can't show much of it, but it's definitely nasty. the hand goes right back in, and a head comes out. whose head? ozaki's male head, looking all around and cry like a baby. he makes it like half way out, looking all gross, but then he literally pops right out. and we see that the female Ozaukee is literally drained. luckily for female Ozaukee, she is healed when she gets into a bath. and the movie ends as we see minami, female Ozaukee in male Ozaukee, walking together. and then we just get this creepy ass laugh. the subtitles during the credits say, we don't condone any animal violence, but we do condone violence against each of the killer and record button jockeys. I don't know. don't ask. but wait, gum oh, is that a shout out or something? speaking of gum Oh, guys, has been deleted. but I'm remaking that video, and it should be up next week. so I'm just saying, well, that was weird as hell. but now that we got through that, right, let's talk about the mostess third moment and most enjoy a moment in that spooky stuff. [Music]. okay, so my guess is you go right into it. you know, the mostest thermoman is easy for me, at least, the murder of a cute, innocent puppy. it was probably the most evil thing that happened in the whole movie. everything else was just weirdness. you know, most enjoy a moment is probably the end. I mean, like, it was a long-ass movie, and let's beyond it's like damn near three hours long. and that's it. hope you guys enjoyed this video. and make sure you like the video, let me know. and if you're new, click on that pretty spooky rice logo to subscribe today. here's another takashi miike video, easy to killer. thanks for watching. spooky out 