welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about look who's back. the film begins in berlin, 2014. adolf hitler wakes up in the park where his former wartime bunker once stood. as he wanders disoriented through the city, he interprets modern situations and things from a wartime perspective. everyone he meets assumes he is an actor impersonating hitler, attempting to ask directions to the right chancellery. hitler is told by a mime to find his own spot and pepper sprayed by a terrified young mother. arriving at a newspaper kiosk and reading that it is 2014, he becomes dizzy and faints. meanwhile, movie maker fabian sawatsky is fired from the television station, my tv, and despondently watches the documentary he had been filming in the park where hitler awoke. seeing hitler in the background, sawatsky begins searching for him in hopes of getting his job back. waking at the kiosk, hitler begins to read about modern germany through the newspapers. he discovers a completely different nation from the one he left, and not one agreeable to him lamenting that poland still exists on formerly german soil. hitler says the whole war was a waste. he decides that destiny has resurrected him for a reason and vows to continue his work. after finding the kiosk, sawatsky proposes to travel across germany with hitler and film him for youtube. hitler agrees, and the two leave together, traveling from the north sea coast to bavaria. sawatsky films hitler interacting with ordinary germans and promising to solve their problems with immigrants and guest workers. when a bavarian tells hitler that he will never follow him, hitler demands his name and address, saying that it's fourth the first wave of arrests. the bavarian responds that he isn't worried. sowatsky's idea for an animal-centered film clip ends when hitler shoots a dog with a concealed fn model 1910 pistol. sawatsky is outraged, but hitler calls him a weakling and vows to make a man out of him. while their videos gain over a million hits, sawatsky and hitler returned to berlin, sawatsky introduces both hitler and his program idea to the my tv station chiefs. the new my tv chairman, katya bellini, decides to use hitler in one of my tv's comedies. before the show, hitler learns about the internet and uses the web to prepare his return to politics. on air, hitler presents his old plans for an ethnically homogeneous fascist state, and unintentionally becomes a big comedy hit. as his success in comedy increases, christoph sensenbrink, one of mighty bees executives, discovers the unedited footage of hitler shooting the dog. sensenbrink broadcasts the footage, ruining the burgeoning careers of hitler, sawatsky and bellini, and resulting in his own promotion to station chief. with the help of bellini and sawatsky, hitler publishes an autobiographical book about his new life in the 21st century, er first weeder da, look who's back. and it becomes a best seller. soon after. sawatsky turns the book into a film. without hitler, my tv's ratings and ad revenue dropped precipitously. in sense and brink, after a fit of rage, parodying hitler's breakdown scene in a german drama film, downfall decides he must rehire hitler. hitler plays himself in the movie. after a night of filming, he is beaten by two neo-nazis who believe him to be a fraudulent impersonator mocking their beliefs. hitler is hospitalized, but the news of his beating generates sympathy, and he returns to high standing with the german people. while hitler is recuperating, sawatsky reviews his old footage and discovers a ball of energy based on the terminator in the background before hitler first appeared. returning to the site, he finds burnt. leaves with horror. he realizes that the hitler he encountered was the real person all along. he rushes to the hospital to confront hitler, but finds only katya, who says hitler is at the movie studio. katya doesn't understand sawatsky when he says hitler is real, and he trashes the hospital room before running for the exit, pursued by two hospital orderlies. sawatsky arrives at the movie studio where he forces hitler to the roof at gunpoint with his own pistol. hitler replies that he was elected by the german people, and if he is a monster, then so is everyone who voted for him. enraged, sawatsky shoots hitler in the face and watches him fall off the roof to his apparent death. suddenly, hitler reappears behind sawatsky, claiming he cannot be killed as he is a part of every german. this entire scene is revealed to be a part of the film, and swatsky is a body double wearing a silicone mask. the real swatsky has been committed to a mental hospital following his previous outburst that hitler still lives. once the work for his film finishes, hitler senses that he is on the path to a political comeback. he is more popular than ever, and nationalist germans give him hope that germany may be ready for his return to power. with hitler and bellini riding in the back seat of an open mercedes-benz w-31 convertible, and among images of actual nationalist demonstrations, the film ends with hitler's voiceover, i can work with this. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these [Music] videos 