once you're hit as hard as you can. hi, I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings explained. in this episode, we're going to be looking at the 2013 mystery thriller, prisoners, from director denis villeneuve. we previously covered another one of his films on the series, 2016's arrival, which is a film with a fairly complex ending that needed to be unpacked somewhat. but with prisoners, we once again find ourselves looking down the barrel of a fairly straightforward finale. so as can sometimes be the case with this series, it's more of a discussion than an eye-opening explanation. if you haven't seen prisoners, I highly recommend it. it's one of the best films of the decade and is more than worth your time. at two and a half hours, there's so much that goes on in this film that we're just going to skip to the end and assume that you're fairly familiar with the film. the last 10 minutes of the movie sees Hugh Jackman's character, Keller, Dover shot in the leg and trapped in a concealed pit underground, left there by the woman who abducted his daughter, Holly Jones, played by Melissa Leo. Holly and her husband began abducting children when their own son died, seeing it as their war against God to avenge him. the first child that they kidnapped was Alex, played by Paul Dano, a mentally challenged young man who was grown up now as Holly's own son. throughout the film, he becomes the prime suspect in the abduction case. detective Loki, played superbly by Jake Gyllenhaal, realizes that Holly is the kidnapper and confronts her. with Holly dead and Loki wounded, he races Dover's daughter Anna to the hospital, frantically, having finally found and saved her, while Dover himself is trapped underground and bleeding. Dover's disappearance isn't an immediate cause for mortal concern, however, as he is currently on the run from the police, it's assumed that he is fled, not that he is trapped or in any danger. after recovering from the rescue, Loki returns to the scene of the crimes, the Jones house, where the forensics teams are still currently working. this is where the film reaches its ambiguous end. so what was the sound that Loki heard? very simply, it was Dover in the pits under the car, whistling for help. the whistle in question is a long-standing check-offs gun. throughout the film, the concept itself refers to how every elements of a story should contribute to the whole. the famous quote being, if in the first act of a story you have hung a pistol on the wall, in the following one, it should be fired. in the opening 10 minutes of the film, the first act, Ana asks her parents if she can go back to their home, along with her friend joy, who also ends up being kidnapped, so that she can look for her rescue whistle. and it takes until the very end of the third act, some two hours later, for us to actually reach the payoff to that set up. while dover is scrambling around in the pit, he finds his daughters red whistle. when Holly first forces dover into the pit, she comments that he might last 24 hours, in her hope, long enough to still be alive when she dumps his daughter's body in there with him. pretty grim. so we can assume that by the time loki returns to the house. that roughly 24 hours have passed. we can also assume that dover has no doubt, tried whistling for help on and off ever since then. but surely the forensics team would have heard something, right? so maybe dover tried whistling for quite some time to no avail and passed out exhausted and in a lot of pain. and just as he came back into consciousness down there, he begins to faintly whistle again, holding on to the last glimmer of life left inside him, right as loki happened to turn up. but when anna comes to see loki in the hospital to thank him for being her hero and saving her life, he notices that she has a red whistle around her neck. he comments on this to her mother. no, she keeps insisting that Joey helped her find it on Thanksgiving before they were taken. I think she's just confused. so she thinks her daughter was mistaken and bought her a new whistle. but Anna had to have been telling the truth, that she did find her whistle, as it was almost waiting in that pit for her father to get it. there's been a fair bit of analysis on this film focusing on the concept that a lot of the characters are, in fact, quote-unquote, prisoners in some shape or form, literally in the case of some, metaphorically for others, external and internal prisons that these characters find themselves in. Alex Jones, for example, is essentially a prisoner of his own mind, which isn't developed enough to let anyone know that he is not Holly's son and that he was taken by her as a child. Loki is a prisoner of the case, a study and complete obsession, which is portrayed fairly bluntly in some moments, and at the end a little more subtly. at this point, the case is closed, the abduction is solved, the children are back home. he's still not satisfied. dov'\xc3\xa8 is the loose end in Loki's mind. it's still not complete. he can only set himself free by leaving no stone left unturned, or, in Dover's case, aboard underneath a car over a hidden pits. as for Dover himself, at least in the end, he finds himself literally imprisoned inside the pits. but it almost feels like the film sets this up to be what he deserves. Dover, a stoutly religious man, does what any parent would do when their child is kidnapped. he doesn't take it very well. but beyond that, he is grossly dissatisfied with the help of the police, and he takes matters into his own hands, kidnapping Alex and brutally torturing him with boiling hot water. you've probably heard the phrase, I would do anything to protect my children many times before, and it stands to reason that a parent would be so driven to any extreme to do so. but Dover goes over the edge, and his potential final resting place seems to be a for his crimes. Holley was operating under her ideal of waging a war against God, and here is our highly religious main character suffering for his sins. the Whistle emblematic of his daughter, comes across as something of a symbol of hope and salvation for Dover, a token from his daughter, a pure light in his life that ended up driving him into darkness, reaching out to help him in his moment of need. there's actually a lot to dig into with religion in the film. and even Loki's standing is throughout the film, you can see him with occult symbols in the form of his tattoos and also a ring that he wears. it's worth looking into, and many, many videos could be made. diving deeper into this film, with its conclusion, though, we have to assume that loki finds dover. right? it wouldn't be a particularly happy ending, as dover would no doubt, have to face the music, be arrested and serve his time for what he has been driven to do. the last lingering shot of the film sees loki looking in the direction of the pet. he hears the whistle. there's really no doubt. he finds Dover. it's Loki. we've seen his determination throughout the entire film. but removing the actual physical act of seeing it does add a touch of ambiguity. we've actually seen this before in less obvious ways, earlier in the film, moments where Villeneuve robs us of literal payoffs to certain moments. for example, when Loki rushes Anna to the hospital, running through the doors, the scene fades to black. we never see the emotional reunion between Anna and her mother, or Anna being treated in the hospital. we know it happens, but we don't necessarily need to be shown it either. by already establishing this storytelling device of withholding certain payoffs actually shown on screen, the ending is perfectly crafted to serve this device. however, there was more of an ending shot for prisoners. the scene did continue, but this was more of a fail-safe measure in case test audiences felt more needed to be shown. the original ending as written was what we see in the finished film. here's what the screenwriter, Aaron Guzikowski, had to say on the matter. oddly enough, that's how it was in the script when it was bought, and it never really changed when we shooting. we did shoot a version where it goes a little beyond where the fade-out is. there's a version where he moves the car and sees Hugh down there, and so on. none of us really wanted to do that version, but we wanted to make sure we had it in case once the film was put together it seemed like it really needed it. but I just think that's the moment when the movie is ready to end, you know he's going to be taken out of the hole. I like it much better being ambiguous, even though you assume that's probably what's going to happen. I like that there's a small chance that he's not going to get him out of there for whatever reason. the screenwriter also commented on Dover's fate after being rescued from the pits beyond the final shot of the movie. I think, unfortunately, he would go to prison. the final irony. his father was a prison guard, and the whole movie is metaphors of people's internal prisons and external prisons. I believe that's what would end up happening to him, that he would go to prison for some time. so what did you think of the ending to prisoners? did you enjoy the ambiguity of not being explicitly shown what happens after Loki hears the whistle? or would you prefer to see the actual act of Loki uncovering the pit and finding dover down there? let us know down below. and as always, thanks for watching. you 