welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and thank you for - to choosing us as you go to snowpiercer breakdown. the third episode has just dropped, and there's a ton of things to talk about in regards to the show. we finally discover who is serial killer is. and we're gonna be giving our theories on what exactly is going on with this and why it couldn't reveal Melanie's disguise. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the latest episode, then I highly recommend that you check out right now. if you enjoy the video, then please consider subscribing and dropping a thumbs up, as it massively helps us out. without the way, thank you for clicking this. let's get into our breakdown of snowpiercer, episode 3. okay, so episode 3 picks up from the perspective of the doctor who pretty much runs the sleeper's car. we initially see him cutting miles his hair and taking his blood. as we learned last week, he's been giving an apprenticeship and is moving up the train. now I think this is a power play by Melanie to make it so that Layton has to remain loyal to her, as she can always threaten his son should he finally unearth the truth about her position as mr. Wilford. however, later in the episode, we discover that miles is becoming an engineer. so this will likely backfire on her, as he will have more access to the Train, and of course, he's very loyal to the tale. we also see an access chip being cut out of one of the hands of the victims of the serial killer. this chip ties into the title of the episode, accesses power. and this opening is an awesome way to show how power is traded up and down the train. we see it move up the train to where the 1% are, and they only take it the sport. actually love this format of these cold openings. and this mirrors Joe Zee's from last week in a lot of ways. I hope that it's the way that the show goes forward, as it really helps you get up to speed with the economy of the carriages and how the black market runs. and whilst the chip is a notable commodity, we also see a brakeman deal in chronal in exchange for it. last week we saw the same character selling it to the tail and he becomes a pivotal plot point throughout this episode. we also meet a character known as the janitor, who is sort of an underworld figure on snowpiercer. in addition to this, you can see a box of a psy that is missing their arm. as we've learned, this is normally due to a punishment cell. this boxes association with the janitor certainly hints at him being a real breaker. a boxing match also becomes a big talking point in the episode, and is teased with this introduction cutting Nicky Jay. and she's clearly having a chronal relapse. and she too becomes a big plot point later in the episode, which we'll talk about further in the video. after the title sequence, Layton wakes up, recovering from the beating he received last week. we get a flashback of Zara going to the night car. and this breakup juxtaposes last week's flashback in which we saw the couple meeting and getting engaged. Layton gives her his engagement ring to trade. and similar the access chip we saw at the beginning, this becomes something that the character can use to trade to get power. in first Melanie delivers an apparent message from mr. Wilfred to the hospitality staff. Jinju is one of the only ones that isn't completely enamored by it, and she definitely seems like she knows what's going on with Melanie. and hit you'll identity. commander gray also realizes that Wilfred is paraphrased Winston Churchill. and I've kind of tried to think long and hard about what the subtext of this could mean. personally, I take it as him realizing that this speech is Wilfred trying to appear as a leader by taking the form of another and hoping that no one would notice. this is, of course, murder. and Melanie, who was trying to appear as Wilfred. maybe he's realized that you can't fake leadership for very long. Lane is a scored to Melanie. and they discussed the chronal dealing that is going on on board the train. as we learned in the film, this is a black-market drug that causes those on it to have hallucinations. it's also used for sedation in the sleeper car, but it's been modified for street use elsewhere. we learned that Beth is actually the one dating jin-joo, and we did say that we didn't think it was Melanie, even though this was teased in the first episode. so I'm glad that they kind of all finally cleared this up. Beth is slowly becoming my favorite character in the show, and I actually think she will end up becoming part of the revolution, as she's sort of an archetype for someone coming from poverty and then helping those below from the top down. she is seen with feathers tattooed on her back, and birds are often thought of as a symbol of freedom. so I do think her relationship with Layton will be a driving force to make her turn on those in the up. slowly, the show has been slotting characters up train, and I do believe that the revolution will be an almost pincer like movement from the top and tail that goes in on the middle. so far, Beth, miles and the three characters that carried out the revolution are all near the front, and it definitely seems like things are being set up that way. Jinju tells Beth not to cross Melanie cavil, once more, hinting that she knows the truth about Wilfred. we did mention on our first episode that we love, if that Wilfred is indeed a real person in this version of snow PSA, that there has to have been a revolution of the front that no one knows about. that is Melanie overthrowing him. clearly, she would have needed help to do this. and as we know, Jinju is a doctor, so she could be keeping the character sedated and under wraps, whilst Melanie runs the Train. I do you think that they're saving Wilfred for a big reveal? as you don't cast Sean Bean and kill him before he even gets a chance to be in the show. but then again, it is Sean Bean, so who knows? Layton and Roach confront the brakeman about the chronal dealing. and we want small compass to face with the janitor. now, janitors on people I initially think of as rich and my bad mr. Wilson at school. I know he did a good job. and to be this far up the Train, I think you have to have had money. so do you think that this is a nickname rather than his job? before snow PSA, he likely lied in order to gain a job in the center of the train, which he could use as a cover. he seems like a high-level gangster and has clearly brought his criminal activities on board the train. I don't know if that's true, but probably I'm quite wrong on it, as he does talk about being a janitor. but he also clearly knows how the underworld works. so yeah, it's quite a mysterious character. and I love that they're just kind of slotting these in every episode, as you can never really tell who's telling the truth. in first the excitement of Fight Night is starting to reach fever pitch, and we also see the Folgers bodyguard, who's revealed to be the serial killer, on board the train. now, is he actually the one behind it, or is it the folders carrying this out? well, we did see last time that Lila jr. told him to put away his gun. and this motif made me think that they were in control of him and that he was merely a servant. at fight night, Lila jr. looks at him, almost instructing him to go after Nicky J so it does seem like the family is the behind it all. they are clearly butting heads with Melanie and have been unable to speak to Wilfred for some time, even though they help to finance his train. from this, I would theorize that the killer's interrogation is in order to find out what's really going on with the character, and that after he gets the information, he's been told to kill them so that their mission to find out more doesn't get discovered. Roche does confirm that Wilfred indeed existed, as he shook his hand before they bought it. so we do now know for definite that Melanie did overthrow him and take his name. before we can learn more, Beth announces that Nicky Jay has woken up. they go to ask her questions, but Melanie arrives before they can get any answers. we learned from Clint, think it was Clint Flint worst breakdown over that coronal has been manufactured from the sedation drug and that he's pretty much key to its dealing. Clint also wears a best dad in the world badge. but similar to Roche, he likely lost his child before the train after discovering miles his hair. Layton demands to see him, and we learned that he's in an apprenticeship program to be an engineer. and this likely means that he'll become part of the team that works on the engine itself. thus he will become a key aspect of the revolution when it eventually goes ahead. and who knows, he may even be the one to disable a train. Melanie also edits together a speech from existing clips of mr. Wilford, voiced by none other than Sean Bean. people would, of course, recognize his voice, and she has to take his measure, likely to throw suspicion off herself. so now this confirms that Wilford is a real person, and the Melonie theories can be put to decide more in favour of the revolution. in first ones, finai begins. and if you ever wanted to know who would win between a woman and a one-armed man, here's your chance. Layton meet Zara, and she gives him back the ring from the start, showing that she didn't train it and that she still kept him in her heart. Layton says he put a lot of thought into staying a train with her, but that the tail is where his heart really lies. and thus the revolution lives on. Nikki J goes the nightcore, and this is where Lila jr. instructs her bodyguard to go after her, potentially to cover up the family's plot. the way that the episode culminates definitely makes it seem like they're trying to get to Wilfred and discover what's going on with him. but we will, of course see as this goes on. the Folgers purposely stay behind after the fight, when everyone goes home, pasta making sure that they have an alibi. whilst the Nicky Jay attack is carried out. LJ even waves to Layton, making sure that she's seen, so that she cannot be a suspect. I think this will all be an earth but we don't know what the family actually knows. and they've clearly been holding on to secrets in order to use them for when they feel compromised. if the serial killer is discovered as the bodyguard, it will be linked back to them. and who knows, they may even reveal the truth about Melanie, should they feel threatened. Layton is taken to the janitor, who tells him about his life before the train, in which he cleaned a high-rise building, and that the train is just won on its side. I'm still not sure if he's telling the truth about this, but obviously we will see. as we get into it, the poster for snowpiercer does have this high-rise building motif with the Train ascending into the air. and I did appreciate this line being dropped, which commented on how society works, and that those at the top often crap on those below. lighting trades a ring for access to information. and if access is power, then by that thinking, information is power, two people have been killed for Wilfred secrets, and it's all slowly mounting towards Melanie being unearthed. Layton gets to see Josie, and he tells her about miles before passing her the access chip from the start of the episode. so now the people in the tail have a way to travel up. I think we might actually be seeing the revolution a lot sooner than expected. who knows, if the bulges are found to be connected to the killer, they may reveal the truth about Melanie and Wilde. first, as an uproar, Layton could launch the attack from the tail to strike them when they're at their most vulnerable. considering we're only three episodes in, I think the show is really going full steam ahead. and this was another brilliant entry. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the third episode and what you theories are. come on below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video and mr. other breakdowns, make sure you cook them after this. if you want to support the channel from as little as night 9, since a month, then please click the join button below. you massively appreciate it. and there's a thank you. you access to content early. every month, we give away free movies to be + subscribe to the channel. and this won t come on the marvel face ory party box it. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the one is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the settle be shipped out from the inter baguette surprise. the best of luck to everybody takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you [Music] 