hey guys, welcome back to flix recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're looking at the gut busting, nut adjusting flick 40 days and 40 nights. before we get into it, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment and subscribe to flicks recap if you dig the coverage. and as a disclaimer, this video contains my own personal analysis and commentary. it's not a substitute to watching the film itself. links to purchase the film are in the description below. let's get to it. website designer matt has been through a rough breakup with his longtime girlfriend, nicole. it's been six months since the breakup, but matt still hasn't recuperated. he constantly feels this feeling of emptiness whenever he gets intimate with any other girl. and he actually has visions of the ceiling cracking open on him every time he panics and flees the girl's place in the middle of the night. he confesses this to his brother, john, who's on the path to becoming a priest at a local church. matt's roommate, ryan, is tired of hearing his obsession with nicole, and invites him to a double date with two attractive ladies, to which matt agrees. later that night, matt is about to sleep with his date when he starts having his visions again. he panics at first, but then after some mojo motivation from ryan, he ends up sleeping with her. he does, however, end up faking an orgasm. kind of understandable. matt is clearly a sensitive dude. the next day at work, he finds out that nicole is engaged after only two weeks of dating somebody else. shattered by this news, he goes to nicole's office to confront her, but catches her flaunting her engagement ring and welch's at his brother's church, matt learns that lent is starting now. for those of you who don't know, during lent, believers give up a vice for 40 days, and this ends on easter. this gives matt an idea. he's going to give up sex, masturbation and anything even remotely connected to sex for the 40 days of lent. he gets rid of his entire porn stash. he dumps his cds. he even shoots down the opportunity to get lucky after ryan invites him out to a club. but as i'm sure you can guess, keeping up this vow of celibacy for matt is going to prove to be much more difficult. while doing his laundry, he has to work hard to keep himself from flirting with this beautiful girl who's clearly into him. he doesn't say a word to her, and he lets her do all the talking, even when she has to borrow change and fabric softener. meanwhile, ryan is absolutely blown away when matt tells him about his chastity stunt. he's convinced that matt can't go through with the vow. by day eight of lent, ryan has already told matt's colleagues about the vow, and now they're all betting on how long that is going to last. the girls at matt's office are also discussing whether he'll be able to go all 40 days without sex. one of them even tries to seduce him while his colleagues watch intently. but to his credit, matt manages to keep it locked down. still, he's really into the girl from the laundromat. the next week, he finally talks to her. he finds out her name is erica and that she's a cyber nanny, which means that she puts in regular keywords that kids might search online, and if they lead to any pornographic links, she blocks those sites. the next morning, matt tells ryan about erica and that he's going on a date with her. ryan thinks this will end up going against his vow, and it's only been a little over two weeks. but matt assures him that his connection with erica is more than just sexual. and so ryan, being the loyal friend that he is, tells this to all matt's colleagues. meanwhile, matt and erica have a great time on their first date. at the end of the date, erica leans in for a kiss, but matt backs up and gives her a high five instead, and then runs away. awkwardly. erica tells her friend sam about matt's weird response, and sam seems to think that matt either has a girlfriend or is secretly gay. the next day at work, matt comes to know about the whole betting game that his colleagues have created around his vow. now this is pretty much a seinfeld episode, but chris, the mastermind behind the game, has even created a website for it, allowing more and more people to place their bets. and the whole operation is going pretty strong with high value bets and even advertisers coming in from around the world, concerned that erica is going to catch wind about the vow. matt runs over to her office, where people already recognize him as the abstinence guy. erica is furious at him because she thinks the bet is about her. but matt explains that it isn't, and that he didn't know it had become public. still, erica is just too upset to go out with him again. matt is obviously heated at ryan for telling everyone about the vow, because he was finally getting over nicole. guess ryan kind of shot himself in the foot there, huh? anyway, at work, erica is also having trouble concentrating because matt's all she can think about. so she leaves a message from matt at the laundromat saying that just because they can't sleep together doesn't mean they can't hang out. so they go on another date, and it goes smoothly, until matt notices that nicole and her fiance, david, are also at the same restaurant. nicole and david come over to talk to matt and erica, but david starts acting like a total douche and nicole is only bragging about her hubby's job. meanwhile, erica is mad that matt didn't mention to her that the whole vow thing was due to nicole. she says that he should finish his vow first, and then they can talk about being together. at this point, there are still two weeks left for matt's vow to end, and it's not getting any easier for him to keep up with it. two other girls at matt's work hit on him to get him to break the vow. they start kissing each other to seduce him. matt bolts out of there, only to find his other colleagues eagerly waiting outside the room to see if they had finally won any money in the betting game. later on day 35, one of the colleagues spikes matt's drink with viagra so that he'll have to break the vow. unfortunately for him, matt doesn't drink it, but his boss, jerry does, without knowing that it had been spiked. later, the guy who put viagra in matt's drink tries to bribe him to break his vow because he has 18 thousand dollars riding on it. he hands him a dirty magazine, after which matt loses all control. he grabs the magazine and rushes to the toilet, almost causing a riot in the office as his other colleagues try to stop him. matt is just about to throw in the towel when he hears jerry crank in the hog in the stall next to him, which really just puts him off. he ultimately gives the magazine to jerry and flees the office, leaving his colleagues and himself literally high and dry. matt goes to see erica because he can't stop thinking about her. they have a heart to heart and really want to sleep with each other, but in order to uphold matt's vow, they promise to adjust their behavior. and they do so with this whole sensually touching each other with a flower bit, which actually brings erica to orgasm. but now matt is just hard for a bunch of flowers, and that has got to be inconvenient. like later at work, after sniffing some flowers, matt goes into a meeting with this raging erection and he doesn't even realize it. the confidence on this guy, huh? anyway, on day 38, nicole shows up at matt's place when matt is expecting erica. nicole is devastated. she's just broken off her engagement because david was cheating on her. she tries to seduce matt into being a rebound, but he asks her to leave. this only turns her on even more, but matt slams the door square in her face. the next morning, nicole overhears at a coffee shop about matt's vow of celibacy, so she finds chris and places a generous bet on the vow herself. now at this point, there are only 32 hours left for the bet to be over. on day 40, matt, who is still massively struggling with celibacy, is trying all he can to stop himself from being aroused. it's literally the last day, buddy. come on. still, he's so unsure of being able to hold back his urges that he starts smoking and drinking, and even asks ryan's kinky date to handcuff him to the bed so he can't do anything even if he wants to. now erica is supposed to visit him at midnight to celebrate the end of the vow. so matt asks ryan to leave the door unlocked. but nicole is waiting for ryan and his girlfriend to leave so she can make a little bit of money off the bet. at this point, matt is so drunk that he just falls asleep, dreaming about sex erica and nicole. except the nicole part wasn't actually a dream. matt wakes up to find nicole sitting on top of him. she's been dry humping him, and, well, he just broke his vow. nicole leaves feeling proud of herself and all that cocky garbage. but it's almost midnight, so she runs into erica on her way out. erica instantly knows something's up. she goes in to find that matt has broken the vow, and with nicole no less. he tells her that he had fallen asleep and that he thought it was her and not nicole, that he was having sex with in his dream. but erica is heartbroken. erika can feel how she wants, but it's kind of ridiculous to hold this against matt. that's just my opinion. 10 days after easter, when his vow ends, matt leaves a gift for erica at her place. erica is still mad at him, but sam thinks that she should give matt a chance because he seems to be crazy about her, and because he busted while he was literally unconscious. again, you're really gonna hold that against him. it's nicole's doing anyway. but at the end, matt and erica meet each other at the laundromat. he apologizes to her and kisses her, after which she finally forgives him. as the film ends, matt's colleagues are now betting on how long his non-stop sex spree with erica is going to last. like i mentioned, i love how this is like a seinfeld episode turned on its head. the level of drama and seriousness for this film is just right. it doesn't get in the way of any of the comedy. plus, good for this guy for taking the initiative to keep himself abstinent for lent. that's not at all easy for a borderline sex addict. but it's very christ-like. now, at first i kind of thought it was lame that his friends weren't supportive or really encouraging for him to make the change. but honestly, i kind of feel like their taunting works a bit better than them trying to cheer him on or get really hyped about his lack of nut i guess that just seems way too liberal in mixing privacy and friendly support. like, come on, buddy, you can do it. don't do that really shameful thing. i certainly wouldn't want to advertise to the world that i need help not nutting for lent. that's something i'd expect from like, a 15 year old, right? but i guess that's part of why this film is just absolutely hilarious. but what did you think? let me know in the comments below, and of course, be sure to drop a like for the commentary and subscribe to the channel so you don't miss the next recap. until next time, 