[Music], welcome to the news and review show. i'm your host. definition and it's rather a documentary comes along that changes your perception of the world. but from the off, the great hack on netflix opened my eyes to a lot of things. the two hour long piece, which dropped this week, centers around cambridge analytica and how their data mining and monetization of messages highly influence both the trump presidential campaign and outcome of brexit. both are highly controversial aspects of society. and the documentary expertly uses eyewitness testimony from both whistleblowers and conspiracy theorists to paint the picture that life on the web has us all tangled within it. the piece is pretty revolutionary, and it's often difficult for documentaries to really capture your imagination for prolonged periods. however, the great hack manages to do this due to its gripping narrative. throughout it analyzes how, as a species, we've sold our souls to social media. and because of this, we become commodities that are able to be targeted by those with an agenda who may wish to persuade us to come around to their way of thinking. there are huge names attached to the project. and throughout i was really shocked at the reveals and revelations that the way i'd used the internet had turned me into a target that was going to be manipulated by the likes of facebook and cambridge analytica. this is a really harrowing thing to be faced with. and whilst watching the film, i often felt like i'd been conned in some way, and began questioning whether my thoughts were indeed my own. it's a really amazing documentary that massively will make you question your choices in the past, and if they were really your own. similar to things like supersize me, bowling for columbine and more, this documentary accomplishes its goal of forcing you to stand back and analyze whether indulging in these things is worth the overall cost. it's such a powerful message. and when the documentary finally brings up mark zuckerberg's meeting with congress, you really get behind the work and want to see whether there is any help to the hull that humanity has dug itself into. from here escalates and feels like a real tale of the people versus power. it's an excellent chronicle of just how much we have to take back our personal data. and ultimately lets us know that going forward, we need to be diligent in fighting against big corporations that see us as a means to an end. it perfectly picks its heroes and villains and really makes you question the way the world operates in modern times. overall, the great hack is probably the best documentary of 2019 thus far. and netflix have created a masterpiece that will likely be looked back on in future years as a time capsule of what caused brexit and trump's election, whether they be for better or worse. they even answer the conspiracy theory that your phone microphone is always recording, and let us know that no, we are creatures of habit and can be easily fooled, manipulated and persuaded into certain directions. the great hack makes us realize that in the end, we have to carry more responsibility ourselves in what we post and do online. and yeah, i'm pretty much off to delete the internet right now. okay, maybe just facebook. in the end. i really can't big this documentary up enough, and that's why it gets a perfect 10 out of 10. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the great hack. and if you enjoyed it as much as i did, comment below and let me know. and if you like this review, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out my video, which breaks down my favorite chapter of the book, it by stephen king, that covers the fate of adrian mellon. and it's definitely worth watching if you want to know more about the upcoming film. and i'll leave that linked at the end. and hopefully see you over there. after this. if you want to come chat to me about movies, tv shows, documentaries or anything on netflix, then you can follow me on twitter, if you still have it at definition yt. and i'm always happy to talk to people, so make sure you stop by. cheers. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. i've been definition. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 