hey guys. if you've been watching horror movies for a while now, you've probably heard of the paranormal activity series. not only is the franchise insanely profitable, but it's also very intriguing. the story spans multiple decades and follows sisters christy and katie as they deal with a demon who will stop at nothing until it gets what it wants. and there's some pretty crazy stuff happening throughout the films. there's time travel, a lot of little details that are mentioned in one film that show up two movies later. and on top of that, we're constantly jumping back and forth on the timeline. so in this video, we'll take a look at the movies and find out what is really going on. now i'm not going to go through the timeline in chronological order, but rather in the order that you would actually watch the movies. that's because the story is so much better when you arrive at its mind-bending revelations naturally. so let's start with the first movie that was released all the way back in 2007. it takes place in 2006, and we follow the young couple, katie and mika, who recently moved into a new house in san diego. mika recently bought a camera to document some of the weird occurrences the couple have been experiencing, and then when any weird [ __ ] goes on, we will be in a perfect position to capture it. especially since katie told him that she always had this overwhelming fear that something was haunting her. they set up the camera at the foot of their bed to see if anything could be captured. and the first night, footsteps are heard, which almost sounds like someone running around the house, even though they're the only ones there. soon after, she calls a psychic to get some advice on how to deal with a supernatural entity. mika is not all convinced, and instead of supporting his scared wife, he chooses to make fun of her. [Music]. well, obviously, this is incontrovertible evidence that evil forces came from beyond the grave to move your keys. the psychic arrives and talks with katie to get more information. she tells him that all the strange occurrences started when she and her sister were both young kids, though she was affected more than her sister, my younger sister, kristi. she was five and at that time we both, you know, experienced whatever it was. their previous experiences abruptly stopped after a mysterious fire broke out at their childhood home, the cause of which was unknown. after that, the two girls had smaller incidents that would come and go on waves as they grew older. the psychic gets the impression that they're dealing with a demon that wants katie and is following her. but what about, all right, check this out. what if we just get the speech board, right? we find out what it wants, and then we just give what it wants and then gone. because what it probably wants is katie. since his expertise lies more with ghosts, not demons, he recommends that they call a demonologist called dr johann averys. he also warns them to stop communicating with the evil or do anything that might provoke it. that means no cameras and no ouija boards. so figure go out and get a ouija board. after several more nights and more unexplained events such as doors moving and lights flickering, mika wants to talk to it with a ouija board. yeah, all right. you little [ __ ] got something to say. now's your chance. this doesn't go down well with the demonic force, causing the haunting to grow even more intense. but mika continues to take it lightly and is more concerned about the awesome footage he's capturing. one night, they get the idea to leave baby powder on the floor in the hopes to capture the invisible footsteps they keep hearing. the next morning, they do find prince in the powder, but it's clear they're not human. there's no footsteps out. oh god. they look around the house, and they appear all over the floor, leading to the attic. following the tracks, mika finds a burn photo of a child, who katie reveals to be her when she was younger, although she has no idea how it got up there. found this up there. this is our old house. what in the hell is this doing in the attic? keep in mind, they just moved here. their situation gets even worse when the demon bangs on doors and claws at pictures of mika. they try to call the demonologist, but can't reach him as he's out of the country, forcing them to call the psychic back to their home. as he walks through the door, he instantly senses the strong sense of evil within the house. this is, this is overpowering. it's getting worse. yes, it certainly doesn't like that i'm here and i cannot help you what. in fact, i've got to get out of here. this thing is very aggravated the fact that i'm here. katie pleads for his help, but he tries to get out of there as fast as he can, telling them that they must get dr avery's to the house soon. on night 19, we get our first look at what this thing looks like. the couple is sleeping in their bed when the sound of unusual footsteps are heard close by. it's when we think the demon has left the room that a shadow appears across the door. what's great about this is the fact that it didn't rely on a loud noise to make us jump. instead, it was a really subtle and intriguing moment. anyways, katie can feel that whatever's in their house is coming closer to her night after night, but she simply doesn't know what to do. finally, mika gets more serious and researches what could be happening. this leads him to find the story of a girl that experienced the exact same things as katie. yeah, she has all the same things happen to her in the 60s. this happened to you. what do you mean, everything, like, eight years old and like, like house burning down and like seeing shadows and whatever. since that girl had the help of a demonologist, and it clearly didn't end that well for her, they decide that calling dr avery's might not be a good idea. that night, the demon drags katie across the floor and bites her, which causes a weird shift in her attitude, as she all of a sudden becomes less scared jesus. then when mika suggests that they go to a hotel or anywhere with more witnesses, she surprisingly turns it down and says that they should stay. she's clearly no longer herself and possessed by the demon. i think we'll be okay. now, on the 21st night, which is october 8th, katie wakes up and stares at mika sleeping for 45 minutes, then she goes downstairs and lets out a really freakish scream. mika runs down and also starts screaming in pain, before everything goes eerily quiet after hearing heavy footsteps coming back up the stairs, mika's body is thrown at the camera, knocking it over. the possessed katie then crawls over to the camera, grins and then jumps at it. of course, this left many unanswered questions, like, how did a childhood picture of katie get into the attic of their new home? and why does the demon possess katie in the first place? well, for that, we'll get into paranormal activity too. this one takes place two months before the events of the first film, so also in 2006. in my opinion, it's probably the worst entry in the series because we're no longer following the events in first person, but instead from security cameras, which just isn't that scary. here we follow the rey family. the mother, christie, has recently given birth to hunter, their newborn son. from this point, the whole family is introduced in a home video. and after a few minutes, a familiar face is at the door. katie, who is christy's sister, also gets to hold hunter, saying that she doesn't want to let him go. the next day, they wake up only to find their house completely trashed, like someone broke in last night. that's what she's telling me, just make sure we document everything. don't touch anything. this is our foyer. the furniture's damaged, but nothing was stolen, except for personal items that have no real value. they decide to get a couple of security cameras to make sure that the next time something like this happens, they know who did it. the first couple of nights, things are pretty quiet, but shortly after, weird noises and footsteps are heard. oh, apparently we have a ghost. you hear about this? i did not please elaborate, because that's a very strange thing to uh, a couple pots fell off our, uh, pot hanger. no, you definitely have a ghost. even though this sounds familiar, this time it's not near the parents, but around little hunter. then one night, their maid is alone with him, but eventually they also start hearing strange noises. she quickly starts burning incense to cleanse the room of evil. this, however, results in her being fired, as the rey family doesn't really agree with her views on the supernatural. i think it's a little odd to fire someone because they believe in spectres and goblins, but that's what they do. christy quickly gets the feeling that something is off, mainly because she and katie had shared strange experiences in the past. things get progressively worse, and christy becomes increasingly scared. when katie visits again, she advises her to simply ignore it, saying that if she doesn't, she's going to end up like their mother. whatever it was, it thrived on fear. the more we paid attention to it, the worse it got. you need to leave this alone. you need to ignore it, but you're going to end up just like mom. do you understand me? but ignoring it doesn't work, as it slowly but surely becomes impossible not to notice. when their daughter ali starts researching what could be happening to her family, she notices that hunter is the first boy born on christy's side of the family in a long time. she also reads that some people make deals with demons for the soul of their firstborn son. this makes her think that whatever is going on might be happening for a reason. no, but listen to me. that other website said that said that some people like make deals with demons for wealth and power. so what if christy's grandmother made a deal with a demon so she could get rich? i went through the entire family line, and hunter is the first male to be born on christy's side since at least the 1930s. don't tell me that isn't coincidence. well, it's not, but more on that later. we also see the family dog becoming a worthy entity, and it even starts barking at it. but shortly after, he seems to be suffering from a seizure. the father and daughter decide to take him to the vet, which leaves christian hunter alone in the house, no guard dog, no maid, just her and the baby. during the night, she checks in on hunter, but gets dragged into the basement where she gets bitten, just like what would happen to katie in the following weeks. from here on, she acts very unusual, becoming withdrawn and odd both the father and daughter clearly notice this, but they don't really know who to talk to. out of desperation, they call back their superstitious maid for advice. she tells them what to do. and even though we never get to hear her exact words, we do hear ali say, we can't do that to her. look, there is no other way. hey, martine said it had to be a blood relative the possessed. christie tries to fight back against whatever they're doing, but they manage to complete the ritual unharmed. after which we see the father burn a childhood photo of katie, the very same photo that we saw in the attic in the first movie. this heavily insinuates that the evil entity has been offered to use katie as a vessel instead of christy. after the burning of the picture, christie is back to normal and completely fine, as if nothing even happened. later, when katie comes over to visit, she tells christy about the weird things that have recently begun happening to her. i must be losing my mind. i just, i feel like there's stuff going on at our house, to the point where i actually told mika about it, and i'm sure he thinks i'm crazy. it's from that moment that the first and second movie overlap and run parallel to each other. on the night of october 9th, one day after mika was killed and thrown at the camera, katie comes back to her sister's house. she kills her sister and daniel, and proceeds to take hunter and walk away. so we see that whatever was terrorizing katie, and christy was never actually after them, but instead wanted to get to the baby. as the credits roll, we do have more pieces to the puzzle. we found out that one of christie's ancestors had made some sort of deal with a demon who is now coming back. we also know that christy transferred her demonic possession over to katie, which leads into the first film. but there are still unanswered questions, such as, what happened in kadey's and christie's childhood, where all of this began? and what does the possessed katie want to do with hunter? so paranormal activity 3 is a drastic improvement on the second movie, having some truly memorable and tense moments. and it's probably my favorite out of all of them. julie, it starts off at about the same time as the second installment. we see a pregnant christie getting a visit from katie. she brings over a box filled with old vcr tapes that she got when their grandmother died. i didn't even know you had this much stuff. somehow i ended up with it after grandma lois died. i haven't even gone through it when the break-in from the second movie occurs, the box of tapes mysteriously disappears. but we get to see what's on them, and that becomes the rest of the film. alright. and there she is, the mother of the birthday girl. the tapes take us all the way back to 1988, almost 20 years before the first one. we follow dennis, who is a professional videographer, and julie, who has two children called christy and katie, which are the same girls that we saw earlier. i mean, of course they are. would be kind of weird if they randomly have the same names. that would just be confusing. dennis is julie's boyfriend at the time, and he insists on recording everything because he spends his entire time working with cameras. early on, we see a young christie playing with an imaginary friend called toby. we got the young one twenty bikes under the trampoline. soon after, we're introduced to randy, who's a friend of dennis. we were playing outside. what did we find guys? tennis. dennis, that's the worst prank ever. don't don't try that at home. you could get really hurt. one night we see dennis and julie smoke in a fatty, and we finally see what we've been waiting 4 years to see. they use the camera to make a sex tape. however, julie feels really uncomfortable because she feels like there's someone else watching them, someone besides me, you and the millions of people who watch the movie. ultimately, they get interrupted by an earthquake. and as the building shakes, some dust free from the ceiling, the outline of an invisible body is highlighted, showing that there really was someone else there the whole time. in the replay, dennis sees this, so he and randy come up with this idea of recording the house to catch this thing. since they only have a few cameras and not enough to cover the entire living room, they place one of the cameras on a fan and let it oscillate back and forth to capture the entire floor. from here on, you guys know the drone. nothing major happens the first night, but the strange activity is growing as the nights pass. then on one of the tapes, we see christy talking to toby. later, when dennis sees this, he asks her about him. but christy only gives a very vague description. so is he old like grandma, or is he young like you? his old like grandma? and what does he look like? is he tall? is he fat? thinking that the girls know more than he initially thought, dennis goes to investigate the girls room and discovers a couple of weird symbols in a small closet space. he researches them, and to his surprise, he learns that the symbols are connected to a witch's coven that brainwashes little girls into giving up their firstborn son to an evil entity. you sound crazy? do you? hang on a second? all right, me a second explain. they would have these ceremonies, and they would wait till the girls were old enough to get pregnant, and then they would, they would have, they would take their songs, right? and then they would brainwash them, and they didn't remember a thing. this shows that toby is no harmless figment of christy's imagination, but rather, he's related to the demonic force we've seen in the other movies. on one day, christy becomes slightly ill, so dennis and julie take her to the doctor, which leaves randy over here watching over katie. she wants to play bloody mary in the bathroom with him. and when they do, randy gets clawed by something, presumably toby. as they try to leave, toby trashes the entire bedroom. eventually it stops. and randy is so shocked by this that he soon after tells dennis that he will no longer be a part of this. when dennis tries to convince him to stay, he only says that, where are you going? i'm going home. you get the [ __ ] books. this isn't casper, the [ __ ] friendly ghost you're chasing. man. i'm sorry. okay. and that's it. we never see him again. a few days later, toby convinces christy to ask her mom if they can visit their grandmother, lois. initially she declines, but after experiencing some scary things herself, she agrees that it's probably best to leave for a while. they arrive at the grandmother's house and go to sleep soon after. but in the middle of the night, both dennis and julie get woken up by some strange noises. oh my god, she's so loud. julie goes to check it out, but she just doesn't come back. this leads dennis to take the camera and look for the kids and julie. as he's walking around the house, he discovers numerous signs all over the wall, which turn out to be the same signs that we saw earlier in the girls room, revealing that sweet grandma lois isn't nearly as innocent as we thought. as dennis heads outside, he walks into another room. the grandma and some other people, who are all wearing dark robes, slowly start to walk after him. he flees back in the house and locks himself inside. as he's looking for the kids, he finds a dead julie levitating on the staircase. he manages to get back up and stumble around the house to search for the girls. he finds christy and continues to look for her sister. eventually he finds katie, but she appears to be possessed and manages to throw him onto the floor. lois enters and uses her supernatural powers to kill dennis. she then takes both christy and katie by their hands and the three of them peacefully walk up the stairs. so here's what we got so far. one of katy's ancestors made a deal with a demon. in turn, the daughters of that family join a coven, which brainwashes them into giving up their firstborn son, this happens to be hunter. and paranormal activity too. the demon, or toby, then tries to get hunter by possessing christy, but after the burning of the picture, he's forced out of christy and into katy, who then comes to get hunter and leaves. that's the first three movies summarized. i wanted to split this into two videos because this part provides the backstory of everything, and the next three movies build on this and get a little crazier. there we get the time travel stuff, we got to see what the demons actually look like, and we finally find out what the demon really wants. so i hope you liked it, and that i get to see you guys in the next video. you 