[Music] on a remote mountain road, there was a broken car in front. how would the father teach his son how to handle the situation? do you need to help him? the boy said, don't help said the father. as expected, the man immediately stood up and pulled out his gun. he continuously shot at the car of the father and son. the father was injured, and on the edge of the mountain there was still someone who was also shooting at them. this was a murder plan. the father drove madly into the assassin. the assassin quickly dodged. after that, the father was unfortunately hit by a bullet. the car completely lost control, crashed out of the road and down the mountain. it turned out that the father was an accountant. he knew the criminal evidence of their business. taking the opportunity that the assassin hadn't yet approached, he quickly gave evidence to his son named connor. he told the boy to follow the riverbank and run to the town, and then gave this to the reporter. when he just told his son to run away, the assassin also chased after him. the father deliberately started the car. two assassins continuously shot at the car, so it completely fell off the cliff because of the father's instructions. conor didn't dare to speak up. when seeing a car passing, the two assassins hurdly hid their guns. there was a woman stopping, is it okay? someone fell off the mountain. seeing that, they shot the woman dead. the two assassins then immediately left the scene. not long after that, there was a police car arriving. this policeman was conor's uncle. the dead woman on the side of the road caught his attention. at the same time, he also discovered the car falling under the cliff. however, the two assassins managed to eavesdrop on the policeman's phone. ethan reported the crime scene. there were two deaths, one male and one female. so they knew that the boy wasn't dead yet. by the riverside, there was a woman using a knife to treat her round. seeing that, connor was very scared and ran away. the woman quickly chased after him. she told conor that she was hannah. she was a firefighter of the forest department. why is there blood on your head? but conor kicked her once and kept running. hannah told him the town was located more than 10 miles away and had to cross a mountain. after thinking for a while, conor finally decided to accept hannah's help. at this time, the assassin, jack, was called by his boss. he told jack that if that child was still alive, this would soon be exposed. so jack had to kill the boy. jack and patrick were extremely professional. they immediately had a plan. during the investigation, they discovered that there was an uncle who was a police officer in this family. so they identified him as the target to find clues. then they put on uniforms to pretend to be police. jack started burning the forest. this big fire had distracted everyone's attention. the black pregnant woman was at home waiting for her husband, who was a police officer. seeing the lights of the car outside, the woman thought that her husband had returned. she went out and saw two white policemen relying on the vigilance of the police family. the woman knew that these two weren't good people. while she was just about to close the door, she silently picked up a mini gas tank. but those two had already started to break into the house. they even roughly pushed the woman to the ground. and they even pointed guns at her. jack put some firewood in the stove and prepared to torture the woman. but patrick saw baby clothes in the house. he immediately reminded jack that this was a pregnant woman. after asking a few questions, jack still couldn't find any information about that boy. he had to ask patrick to take out the burning stick and brought it closer to the woman. seeing this, the pregnant woman shouted, i can find him. under the threat of jack, the woman had to call her husband named ethan. she asked, is he hungry? i want to make some food for him. but jack saw this as a signal, so he immediately rushed to punch her. so the woman fell down, but she quickly grabbed the mini gas tank. jack said, you're holding it upside down. i don't hold it upside down she said. then there was a huge blast of fire that hit jack's face. patrick was also quick to dodge. taking that opportunity, the woman took a gun and shot patrick. she quickly ran out. meanwhile, connor and hannah returned to the observatory. he gradually trusted hannah. he even showed his father's evidence to hannah. hannah read and knew it was a serious problem. so she decided to immediately take conor to town. along the way, the two of them also faced a lot of trouble on the step. the disaster was extremely harsh, and there was thunder and lightning continuously. connor and hannah also found ways to avoid they almost got hit by lightning a few times, but luckily they dodged. hannah was also almost hit by lightning at this time. the pregnant woman was lucky to escape from jack and patrick. the two assassins had many wounds on their faces, but because of the urgent quest, this was insignificant. when they saw ethan driving back, they rushed to hide. when ethan and his colleague got out of the car, the colleague was shot in the head. seeing that, ethan frantically rushed to shoot but jack was behind ethan, put down your weapons. ethan was threatened, so he put down all his weapons. jack told ethan that they had caught his wife. if he wanted to save his wife, he had to find conor for them. after that, the three of them arrived at the scene where the car crashed. but only conor's father's body was here. if it weren't for that huge fire, the investigation team would be here. ethan discovered conor's footprints at the scene. when he was about to quietly handle it, patrick also discovered it. so they determined that the boy was definitely alive. however, ethan felt that things were really dangerous, although he knew that the two of them wouldn't dare kill him. after that, ethan repeatedly provoked them. after observing the location of the two of them, he suddenly rushed to fight jack. however, patrick used a gun to control ethan. meanwhile, hannah was lucky not to be hit by lightning. after that, connor and hannah quickly continued their journey. however, there was a huge fire appearing in front of them. based on the experience of a firefighter, hannah knew they couldn't go this direction because of the fire. they had to go back to their old ways. but at this time, hannah's feet were covered in blood. she poured alcohol to wash the wound and then applied some medicine. hannah also had a lot of injuries on her back. she was going to put on another shirt, so she told connor, turn around. connor said, i have no interest in it. after that, she took painkillers. at this moment, hannah noticed a light in the distance. there were a few people walking this way. she quickly hit and used binoculars to observe. she saw three people approaching. she told connor to gently crawl over to see. hannah asked, is it them? that's them? said conor, these three were going to the observatory. ethan said, no one would be in a dark place like this. however, jack didn't believe ethan, because he thought that if there were no staff to observe the fire situation, there would be no torch. jack and patrick analyzed that with this height, they couldn't attack at all. therefore, they had to lure people down to deal with and they said to ethan, you go up and bring everyone down here. after entering the observatory, ethan whispered to the people inside, there are two assassins with weapons outside. ethan even discussed with hannah to find a way to escape. meanwhile, patrick was climbing up the tree like a monkey, and he noticed that ethan seemed to be talking. patrick immediately opened fire. so ethan got hit. after that, jack and patrick immediately used firepower to attack. because the observatory was made of wood. it would be dangerous for them to hide here. ethan tried to find a way to take hannah and conor out. hannah hugged conor and clung to the rope and jumped down from behind. seeing that patrick and jack immediately chased after them. but these two assassins almost got hit. it turned out ethan's wife was also here. she already ambushed there. seeing this, jack decided to stay here to deal with ethan's wife. under jack's support, patrick rushed out to chase connor. and jack started to shoot continuously at this woman. the woman also quickly dodged, and then started to get up and open fire again. jack was hit and fell. but the woman found out that her gun was about to run out of ammo. the two of them quickly seized the opportunity. finally, the woman was faster. jack was shot again. but before dying, jack still intended to counter-attack. jack was indeed an assassin with a very professional attitude at this moment. after taking a few steps, conor discovered that there was a sea of fire ahead. the fire was about to spread to them. hannah told conor, if the fire comes to you, keep going ahead, then you quickly run into the stream on the left and find the widest spot to lie down. after that, hannah alone went back to deal with patrick. patrick slowly approached hannah hid behind the tree to attack him, but patrick was not afraid. but when seeing hannah in danger, conor turned around to get patrick's attention. taking advantage of that opportunity, hannah hit patrick with a hammer, but he was really too strong. he quickly knocked down hannah. then he arrested hannah and said he would kill her if conor didn't come out. he even brutally beat hannah stop conor appeared. seeing conor come out, patrick was extremely pleased. when patrick was about to kill them all, hannah tried to stand up and attacked him from behind with a hammer. after that, she repeatedly hit patrick with a hammer. by this time, the fire was about to approach them. hannah rushed to take conor away, and patrick was burned by the fire. on the observatory, ethan's wife found him in critical condition. although he had a bulletproof vest, he was still seriously injured. ethan and his wife then put on oxygen masks and ignored everything around. hannah and connor were still being chased by the great fire. after that, the two of them rushed into the lake. hannah said to conor, take a deep breath and then lie down in the water and try to expose your nose to breathe. at this time, the fire was burning strongly on the water surface. while hannah grabbed conor, ethan grabbed his wife. they finally overcame all danger. at this time, there was a rescue plane arriving. the rescue workers also jumped down. they discovered hannah and connor, and also discovered that ethan's wife was still unharmed. but because ethan was seriously injured, he died in the ambulance. hannah comforted connor. and a lot of reporters also came here. although the movie has a happy ending, there's no denying that the villains acted really well. they also had high professional standards and a tenacious attitude. in each mission, they finished with a very serious attitude. hope that the director can shoot a prequel episode for this assassin pair. 