[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it, so you don't have to with spider-man far from home just around the corner. major plot leaks in regards to the movie have started coming out, so I thought I'd break down one of the big ones that we have on the film that goes into major depth on many of the scenes in the movie, and it's ending. this one differs slightly from an earlier released one, which predominantly was just made up of a handful of bullet points, so it seems far more legitimate and trustworthy. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to have anything about the movie potentially ruin for yourself, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, this is an Internet leak, so do take it with a grain of salt, as it may not be accurate. but as we saw with my Avengers end game and Game of Thrones leaks, both were pretty much 100 percent accurate. so I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone who doesn't want to know. so this is your last, last, last chance to back out. we still here. good. well, with that out the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. and now sit back, relax, and let's get into my leaked plot breakdown of spider-man, far from home. okay, so the movie opens immediately after Avengers and came with Peter and may and happy Hogan flying home on a private jet after just attending Tony Stark's funeral. everyone is pretty bummed out about it, with Peter crying, but happy States that Tony sacrificed himself because he knew there were other people that could continue to fight. and he states that the character thought highly of Peter, and that if he wanted anyone to be his successor that it would have been him. actually wrote the script for this on the 24th of May at 8 a.m. as you can see in the bottom corner of the video here, which is way before the trailer draft that actually confirmed this. so again, it kind of backs up that the sneak is right. anyway, they land and go their separate ways, and Aunt May reminds Peter that they have a charity gala that night, and she kinda reiterate to a happy set about Peter taking Tony's position as a protector, and that he trusted Peter to be there for the people that he couldn't. she then jokingly says, you don't need to be Iron Man, but you do need to be spider-man tonight, which ties into the nighttime event. honestly, at this point, this all seems really believable. and from the backup of the trailer, it seems the kind of tone that they would be taking with the private jet scene only really being able to take place here. it's at this point that Peter realizes there's a thing between Aunt May and happy. and as we saw in the trailer, he's ghosting Nick Fury. and the character goes out on his nightly patrols after telling the police that he's going on vacation, he goes to see the Iron Man Monument and decides that he's not really cut out for this life, which is similar to the spider-man op that we saw in the comics when Peter left his costume in a dumpster. whilst this already happened in spider-man 2, a Marvel, probably don't want to just repeat that scene. Peter decides to go on holiday and leaves his spider-man suit behind, which both literally and figuratively shows that he doesn't want to continue with the mantle. and may, however, does still pack it. we then cut to some Eastern European, shady-looking characters who say that their time has come and that the spider will finally meet its end. this kind of ties into the whole multiverse thing. and as these aren't villains that we've seen spider-man encounter before in this universe, you can bet that they'll be from some other earth where he followed their plans. they're kind of cloaked in darkness, but it plays into the movie later, which I'll get into from here. we cut to the first day in Venice, and it's clear that MJ and Peter are getting pretty close. Ned also remarks that their flight was one of the first out as the world is finally getting back on track. and I can't believe one of his friends from high school is a model now and in college. this kind of pays lip service to many of the questions that people had at the end of endgame, with pretty much most of the class being vanished, except a select few. anyway, they watch a news report and see Mysterio fighting a monster over Tower Bridge in London. they remark that he must be a new Avenger, as they've never seen him before. and we get a full-screen scene of Mysterio fighting the Beast. cut to Peter going back to his room, which is when Nick Fury shoots Ned in the neck and tries to recruit Peter. Peter tries to come up with excuses, with the last one being, I don't have a suit, to which fury replies, now he definitely all out of excuses. Nick takes him to a secret shield base, which is where he meets Mysterio and Maria for the first time, and we learned that the former is apparently from another dimension. Maria tries explaining it, but Peter butts in, saying that he knows all about string theory, the multiverse and more, which is a nice little character B Mysterio and Peter team up and go to Germany to fight the next elemental compete. realizes that Mysterio is way, way, way more powerful in years, and the ends are pretty much having to play defensive for the majority of the fight as he gets his butt kicked. but some reason, Peter just can't seem to fight the monsters, whereas Mysterio is landing hit after hit and ultimately ends up saving the day. together, the two go at the bar that we've seen from the trailers, and Peter, who's really lost all of his confidence at this point, asks how Mysterio can do it. he can't, Mysterio replies, because he's from another dimension and he knows all of the tricks and has more control. from here on out, Mysterio sort of becomes a mentor to beat her at this point. and he explains that if he doesn't want the responsibility of being a hero, then he shouldn't be one. there are other people that can do it now. and this further adds doubt into Peters mind. Mysterio batters up by saying, because he has loved ones, Peter will always be at risk of hurting them, and that you should leave it to people like himself who don't have anything to lose. just as this happens, the lava monster attacks a theme park where MJ and Ned and the rest of the gang are at. MJ almost dies in it's at this point that Peter realizes something is up here, because his web pulls a metal panel of the elemental an AC circuitry beneath it. Peter wants to get to the bottom of it, so he uses the black stealth suit and the red and blue one which Aunt May packed, to make a brand new black and red suit. and with the circuitry he got from the elemental, he figures out a way to stop them. just as this is happening, MJ comes in and asks if he wants his offer walk. Peter tries to tell her how he feels, but MJ stops him and tells him that she knows he's spider-man. Peter says that he doesn't want to be any longer, but there's something that he has to do, which MJ replies, sure there is, your spider-man. go get him tiger. Peter tries to track down Mysterio, which is when Peters spider sense goes wild. he turns around to see Nick Fury, and he tries to tell Matt something's up with Mysterio. however, fury just stands there silent, and his face begins to change, which is when we see that he's actually Belem chameleon, which ties back to the Eastern European scene, chameleon has been rumored to be in his phone for a while, so it definitely ties in with other leaks that we've heard. he's one of my favorite spider-man villains, and I absolutely love the classic rock where he disguises himself as Jay jonah Jameson. so it's great to see that the villain could be included in the MCU. he tells Peter that you'll pay for what he's done to his family. and then the vulture, Mysterio and Scorpion step forward and begin kicking the crap out of him. Peter realizes though, that these are probably illusions, and he uses the circuitry from the elementals to change them into Captain America and Iron Man. with their new AI, they begin fighting back against Mysterio and chameleons, and they're just completely wail on them. I'm not sure how accurate this is. I don't know how soon that Marvel would be willing to bring the characters back after they both just depart the series, but I guess we'll see. Peter gives Tony a really heartfelt goodbye, and the AI says that he's proud of him and all that he's accomplished. from here, Peter frees the real Nick Fury and returns to New York. he takes the illusion equipment that gave him the Tony Stark message and stares at it for a bit, deciding to smash it, as he's no longer bound to living a fantasy world, and he's willing to accept that he must become a hero. we then cut to the credits, and we see the Avenger tower, which has been renovated to become Oscorp tower. this has been pretty widely reported on in all of the leaks, so I definitely think it will happen. and it's smart way to bring the Osbourne's into the universe, as they've been missed out. and that's the entire leak. to me, it makes a hell of a lot of sense going off the trailers. and things like the black being combined with the red and blue suit to make a new one seems legit. so I can really see this all happening. it's a heavily detailed leak, and I can see it being legitimate. and if this is the case, then it sounds like it's going to be a brilliant movie. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the plot leaked, and whether you think it's legitimate or not. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my ending explained breakdown, a bright burn, which would be linked at the end. we've also just launched a merge section on the channel. so if you want to support the show and get something back from it, make sure you click the links in the boxes below. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, it's a thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 