in London, Hattie Shaw and her team of mi6 agents attempt to retrieve a programmable super virus, dubbed snowflake, from terrorist organization Ettie on Brixton, lor a net Eon operative with cybernetic implants that allow him to perform superhuman feats, arrives and kills all the agents, except Hattie, who injects snowflake into herself before escaping. Brixton frames Hattie for killing her team and stealing snowflake, forcing her to go on the run. Luke Hobbs and Deckard Shaw, Paddy's brother, are both informed of the missing virus, and they're reluctantly assigned to work together to track it down. after a brief meeting at a CIA black site at Leadenhall building, Deckard goes to Hattie's house for information, while Hobbs manages to find Hattie. after a brief scuffle, he brings her to the CIA office. as Deckard then returns, the office is attacked and Hattie is taken by Brixton, whom Deckard recognises as an old colleague turned enemy. he'd previously shot and supposedly killed. Hobbs and Deckard pursue and rescue Hattie, during an ensuing car chase, managing to escape from Brixton, who crashes into a double-decker bus. however, Brixton frames all three as traitors via a Tian's control of global news media. the three locate professor and Drako, snowflakes creator, who informs them that to prevent snowflake from eradicating humanity, Hattie, while the virus is still dormant, must either be killed or have the virus removed with a specialized extraction device located in antion's headquarters in Chernobyl. after flying undercover to Moscow and rendezvous in with Deckard's girlfriend, margarita to rearm, the three infiltrate the facility, however, and Drako is killed and the device is damaged during their escape. if Hobbes takes the trio to his childhood home in Samoa to visit his estranged brother, Jonah, a talented mechanic, to repair the device and lay low before confronting Brixton again. Hobbs has a tense reunion with his family, but Jonah is eventually persuaded to help them by their mother. the makeshift battalion prepares for a Tian's arrival, setting up a variety of traps around the island, Jonah successfully repairs the device and starts the virus extraction just as brixon and his army arrive at daybreak. in the ensuing battle, all of Brixton soldiers are defeated. Brixton retakes Hattie via helicopter. however, Hobbs, Deckard and the Samoans bring the aircraft down. working together, Hobbs and Deckard defeat Brixton, who was remotely terminated afterward by a Tian's director. Hobbs and Deckard send a message to the director, promising to find them. in particular, Hobbs, whom he claims to have a history with. the group celebrates their victory. in mid and post credits scenes, Hobbs brings his daughter to meet their extended family in Samoa. Deckard and Hattie are employed to bust their mother out of prison. and Hobbs receives a call from his partner, Locke, informing him that he had broken into a facility and discovered another virus worse than the snowflake virus. [Music] 