welcome to the man recaps. this is the bachelor episode 10. it's the women tell all episode, so it's basically a season recap itself. but it begins with the big moment, the final three rose ceremony. Hannah Ann and Victoria are both here. but of course, the big question is, will Madison show up? last episode, she walked away from her in Peters fantasy suite date, because, of course, he slept with the other women, which she had asked him please not to. we didn't know if she was even gonna stick with the show. but she does indeed show up. so Peters got a big choice to make Hannah, and he gives her rose - that one's a no-brainer. but will he give a rose to Madison? and if he does, will she even accept it? yes on both counts. he really likes her. she's been the front-runner since the beginning, and she's sticking with it. for now. this means Victoria is going home. she's been the cause of a lot of drama over the course of the season, but towards the end, she won me over. Peter really liked her. but now she's going home. the rest of the episode is the women tell all. and yeah, nothing exciting happens. basically, Chris Harrison pulls out the drama causers throughout the season, and it's like, hey, you guys want to work out your issues? so they have a big argument again and work nothing out. there is a great section though, on online harassment that these women face. I had no idea how bad it was. like, why are people so hateful? be nice guys. and so next week is the epic two-part bachelor finale, Monday and Tuesday night. they've been teasing us all season with some big twist at the end. I thought it was gonna be Madison leaving the show because of what happened last week, and then he has to go rush to win her back. but in the previews, it looks like they patched things up. so this final twist could be anything. find out what happens next week on The Bachelor. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 