and we're live right now. no countdown needed. hey guys, it's man of recaps. welcome to the game of Thrones final episode. pre-show. yeah, oh man. we've got a great, great show for you here today. joining me on my left right? brother of brother. yep, I'm Vince. oh, no, no title forbids. fair and off-camera is, I'm a beautiful girlfriend who is reading the chat. I want you, if anyone says anything really cool, Jay, just interrupt me. I'm probably not saying anything too good, so jump in with it. you'll be typing in there too, for you guys. and yeah, how about Game of Thrones ending tonight? I'm here to support all of you cry. it's important. yeah, it's important to have some people around you. guys at home, how many of you are at a party right now? like, how many of you have some friends around at least? and how many of you will be watching alone? there's nothing wrong with that either, because sometimes you just gotta give we better locus it in and just enjoy the moment, let it wash over you. but I'm glad to have some good friends around, and we can, you know, experience it together. this is gonna be television history one way or the other. yeah, well, it's true. what do you mean? well, it's one of the, one of the biggest shows of all times, is that right? what do you think? seems awesome. this is the man. I have no idea. I think I can see that happening, getting like, the most-watched TV show I've ever been to, probably on HBO. they probably have be on cable. mmm, to reach that, it would probably be the most watched HBO show ever. it's gonna be one of the most expensive shows also, right? it's, it's been up there. yeah. they do a lot of, they do a lot of big sets, a lot of dragons, a lot of things like that. I actually don't know much about the budget. I assume it's pretty big. they couldn't give ghosts a little peck goodbye though, they didn't have the budget for that. I'll accept nothing less than ghosts in there and through anything. so that brings us to our first question. who do you guys think will be on the Iron Throne? yeah, let's jump into, uh, let's jump into and talk about it. in fact, we have an exciting moment here. the envelope please. I'm not gonna open this yet. but we will be opening this before the show tonight. this is my sealed envelope Game of Thrones predictions. I wrote it before the season started because, um, well, I thought I was so right that it would be sort of a spoiler to tell anyone what I what if that was gonna happen. but we're gonna open it before the episode tonight because I was way off. everything in here is basically wrong. so that'll be kind of a funny segment. you guys will get to see what I wrote down six weeks ago. uh, who will be on the Iron Throne though? let's start with what do you think? what's your who are you rooting for? well, John, of course. yeah. she sort of took the city last episode. she was angry. she's gonna be on the throne now. someone would have to take her off of it. I mean, I guess the throne might be destroyed most of the right feet. yeah, it's actually kind of crumbling. but you can rebuild that. she can rebuild that. yeah. what about you? you are, you are teen ghost. yeah. I make sure ghosts aren't throne, King of Kings in realms. you know, the first dog, oh, of his name. yeah, first of all his name. I think realistically though, it's gonna be Jon Snow on the Iron Throne rule, because I sort of feel like they've turned it in on twists at the end here. I think they've been sort of leading up to that from the beginning, and then all this season have been kind of just saying, you you're the right player, so you should be there. yeah, and it's gonna be fine. yeah. John. so John will be a good king. and he is, he is one of the main characters. I guess it's been, you know, looking at the series as a whole, it's been him and Danny are the two main main characters here, the two best candidates for the throne. so, yeah, I think, I think a fair bet is one of them, we'll be the one on the end here. but of course, it's Game of Thrones, anything could happen. Vince, do you have any loyalty? I thought you couldn't disagree more with that sense. man, I think John and Danny at this point are, we gonna have a schism and almost cancel each other out. and they're close to get the throne. I would take bran first, and Sam set post seconds. and I would take mystery candidate third over either John or Danny. interesting. would be my best guest. but, yeah, anyway, anything could happen. maybe just still Cersei. somebody asked it Cersei actually dead? we'll see. I mean, it was, um, it's, uh, we saw the rubble fall on her. it looked like she and Jamie were definitely dead. if the first scene of this episode is her and Jamie laid the golden hand coming out of the rubble, pull Jersey up, and they survive. I will drink everything that's left in that bottle. it's nothing. I finished it. we finished it. well, drinking holman bottle. I don't know. we'll find one. that would be hilarious. you know, who is probably alive is the mountain, because he has stabbed in the brain and was fine. I don't think a little tumble really killed him. cockroaches can survive a nuclear explosion. we still can kill it with fire. so, yeah, it's true. he's a, he's a tough guy, but he didn't seem to fall directly into the fire. we'll see though. I mean, he might, he had said, or right after Jaime and Cersei crawl out, they they look up and the Hound in the mountain are there? just like getting up - oh, I'm imagining the mountain, just like digging through the rubble of the findings her see either head of some reason, he has loyalty to her baby. I love the way last episode, how he, how he killed Qyburn. yeah. so loyal does not I'm gonna fight my brother sometimes. you got a Clegane bull, nothing standing in the way. any other good checks are coming in. wanna make sure you know, yeah, so from reserve. oh, do you think Aria fulfilling her destiny of shutting brown eyes, blue eyes and green eyes? my hint towards her killing Danny? I've seen this theory. does seems very plausible, does Danny? Hanna Cerritos, like a rock-solid theory? I think so. but you know, who else has green eyes? is, like, probably someone else. I don't know, very few people. I feel like it's very rare. yeah. in fact, lamellas, on her first said it, I feel like she just wanted to say, three different colors of eyes. who's met them up? because, like, she probably never killed any green eyed people. it's hard to find. that's, that's my I mean, so Demi is obviously arias list now, man, the only person arias list, cuz everyone else a David, yeah, that's true. rose to the top, no doubt. and so it seems like that's gonna be her only thing to do this episode. what we, what we haven't had yet is a truly tragic kill your loved one. I thought Jamie was going to kill Cersei. that was a big thing I thought was gonna happen, because, you know, that's, well, I just thought Game of Thrones was a very tragic show. they do want to put, they put their characters through the most difficult situations possible. so I thought that was gonna be happy have to be his test, his final moment. I was really hoping a dragon would eat Cersei, obviously, what seems a little bit of fun tale or a better vote. but, yeah, I didn't go that way. so I sort of imagined that jon is gonna be the one to kill Daenerys. you know, he still, he still loves her, even though she burned a lot of people there. and so that would be his most tragic moment. but I hey, why not give - Arya - alright. JC, makes a good point, that green eyes is green. see your eyes. and so Brandon, maybe is the bad guy whoa, which I haven't that Barry. I'll tell you what, I was always very much against thee. you guys heard this, just like bran is the final bad guy, berry, bran McGee is the night King. you know, some travel situation, or or maybe they were to feed it up there. but that was brands plan all along. I remember when Brad first met that I King in one of his visions, they did sort of make it seem like they were the same person. but the night king can walk, you bring him out, but once he gets, once he turns to ice, his legs get, his legs freeze, and then he can like, he also compared against Mary Jax, yeah. I don't know how the muscle, no, yeah. so those against those theories though, that bran was a bad guy. but now it would be kind of fun. I would love to see an awesome twist like that. I would be like, okay, I am surprised. cool. so dad wanted that. JC, then says the night king was trying to kill bran to protect the humans neck. he was pretty committed to murdering humans, right? yeah. maybe just because they were in the way of brown, but that seems like a if he planned their. I don't know, what do you guys think about the goodbyes we saw in the last couple episodes? so we saw tormund going back up north. Jon Snow just abandoning his dog, basic basically starting a dogfighting ring. I mean, might as well. Jamie Tyrion was probably the best one, right? yeah, that was a really nice one. good brother Millman. and yeah, some other ones too. a lot of the characters up in the north. Jamie leaving, Brienne Tour moons leaving, being said about Britain's. yeah, it was nice to see these characters. I love that was the cool thing about this season. we got at the beginning, we got a lot of characters meeting, you know, for the first time in a while, or for the first time at all. and then then they all have said goodbye. as we're going here. I hope we get to see all these northern characters again. I imagine they'll play a big part in the finale, right? last episode they were just, well, non-existent. everyone that was left at Winterfell. no, yeah, also, it's a good thing they had the dragon, because this is sold everyone fighting for the north, or for the not lannister. she was drunk pretty much for like, a week straight. so i don't imagine they would have actually done very well. badly, they kept the party going all the way from Adele all the way down to King's Landing, like it just kept a lot of drinking there. yeah, I believe that that's my new Canada. so what do you guys think of the writing? so, talking about the goodbyes and bring you down there. what's up? how's the writing button for the final season? or have their yeah, this has been a big, a big issue. a lot of fans disappointed with the season. have you guys heard about the petition? people started to just redo it? where do you guys telling that? fill, how do you feel? I think, I mean, from it's all about money in the end, I guess, sadly, for producers point of view. I think, you know, they need to play to say, if I don't know what the future of Game of Thrones, but maybe they're thinking of that as well. but, um, I could see why it's disappointing for the families. ya know, have you felt the drop in quality in this season? I haven't really. I'll say mine, I say a little bit. I mean, I'm not seeing heads getting chopped up as much as I'd like. but, you know, I think it's more about the story and how to finish it this season, instead of, like, all the jazz. yeah, because of strong opinions of this unit. I'm sorry I expressed this a little bit before we came on the air, but I think it seemed to me, from the first episode of this season, when you had all the biggest characters coming together, it almost felt like a powwow of the actors kind of night and playing their characters, but just kind of, hey, we're here hanging out, and we all already funded it, and this the series is over. we don't care much anymore. which, so I don't know if that's writing or acting, but it just seems to me like they're just doing things because they have to. there's no passion in this season. and also, I think that if we're signing petitions to get things changed, we should focus on the song, the Hedgehog design change. so just gonna throw that out there and sign the petition. Sonics, you look like Sonic. get that was a focus on that. and Vince, you've never watched any game with until this season. you watch my recap then joined right in. I caught a few episodes, and I can get the gist a bit based on like, internet posts and stuff like that. I don't have a super strong opinion, but, like, from what I can tell, it's like, pretty hard to wrap-up shows like this when there's so many moving parts, and people are so invested in the characters, and they want the endings to be, you know, special and epic for every single one of them. and I look, sometimes that's just not gonna happen. and they're working without source material now for the last couple seasons through. so, like, obviously there are really talented writers behind Game of Thrones, but they're not all george RR martin that. and, you know, it's pretty tough conditions. I'd say, like, yeah, I think it's just been already, rather than incredible. but I probably wouldn't sign a petition. no. I mean, I haven't signed a petition. and as for me, I'll say I really enjoyed the season, but, yeah, you know, it's really hard to write, to get an ending right. it's hard to nail it and make especially when you have a show that's been so good as Game of Thrones has been for so long. and, you know, there's they seem to be working with limited time, so some things feel a little rushed. I think there's been a lot of really great moments, especially, you stuff that dumb the writers have always been good at is just sort of personal character interactions. that's been really good. and the stuff that's been lacking is sort of a stuff when you start over analyzing it too much. you're looking at, say, characters making decisions, making battle plans, it's like, oh, why wouldn't Arya tell them ahead of time that she plans to assassinate Cersei? and it's like, well, that would ruin the drama of the the episode. and so there's been a lot, a lot more of that the season. I think they've been like, look, let's make good TV. and one of the things that's been great about Game of Thrones, and why I love the book so much, you read them. if you haven't, here's a plug for that. but it's a great the story is like a real world. you know, everything that every character does, it feels real and authentic. and so there's shortcutting, I think, a little bit, through some of that, just to be like, hey, we're gonna make sweet, sweet final season of TV. so I'm okay with it. I'm very excited for tonight see how it all wraps up. I will say, I will say, someone like the character decisions makes sense from that that perspective of there people, because, you know, they, they all happen to be staying alive wait longer than any commoner would, I guess. but they're not really special. they're kind of just happened to get put in these situations. so, you know, no, none of these people are really, more like masterminds. Jon Snow basically has no idea what is doing. and so that's reflected. you should also plug your video, right, Brendan. I mean, you wrote, or you have a video where you talk about the seven times Danny was, what's the word? yeah, there's any chose violence. so the way I named it, I think, yeah, I check that one out if you haven't watched it yet. I just, I went through sort of Danny's whole character arc. people, that was a big complaint from last episode, you know, that her her snap to being the mad Queen all of a sudden, and burning King's Landing, including the innocence. I mean, yeah, that was a big, that was a big move for her. and I guess a lot of it is the pressure getting to her. but I went back through her whole arc, all the old seasons, showed the moments that, yeah, she sort of has always had that in her, you know, she's at the very beginning of her character development. was her and her brother being in it together to get back to the Iron Throne, and she just, like, real fast, turned on him and covered him in molten gold. it's true that to basically, know, you know, hard decision making. he was awful. but, yeah, she's sort of, it just watched as Khal Drogo did that to him and was like, yeah, this is right. I feel good about that. and it's like, oh, that was your, like, only family and best friend your entire life. it's a little, a little cold. but yeah, moments like that. I didn't put that one in the video. I should have. oh, my gosh, eight times, that's for sure. what else is, uh, what's up in chat? what else people talking about? um, so people were talking about george RR martin. and somewheres, no, like spawn IRL was saying how, originally they think that George was supposed to be ten seasons, and so there it's now, you know, eight. and so maybe that's why it's feeling a little rush, which would make sense. but we don't know if we can confirm that. but Jim BZ, the man nailed it. do you think tyrion will get killed? ooh, tyrion, you got let's go. let's just go together. yes or no? down the line. yes, you say, yesterday, I know Kiran will live. no, I say, no. I say, Tyrion, lose. you I see you lose. yeah. feel like he's a good character. live and sort of be like, oh, I'm the old, wise man that lived through this, and it's really sad because all my friends are dead. what do you want? where do you want to end up? I I would love for him to be, I thought it was gonna be hand over the king at the end, you know, ruling the realm, basically. in fact, is it time to open my envelope? we're at about the 20 minute mark. the other thing I would like to make one more abrasion. I don't have anyone so this. but, yeah, so we talked about how Danny might just end up staying on the throne. so I think that would involve, first of all, are you getting killed it? but I think that the show might end with that setup in the history's gonna repeat itself with a Targaryen on, a crazy Targaryen on the throne. John just fails and goes back to the north, because, you know, kind of was like that. he goes back to the north. Tyrion goes back with him and marry Sansa. no, that's not that. I'd like that though, because they sort of like each other, that Tyrion marry Sansa and sanso, yeah, that's possible too. that was in the talks. they are still technically married here. oh, we take more than the length of this episode for her. just to make it funny though. so this kind of goes off of that. do you guys gonna have like a full full stop in depending where we can walk away, not we probably won't be satisfied at this game, but where it's like, somebody's on the throne? or do you think it's gonna be super open-ended, where we're still in this kind of whirlwind of explosion? oh, man, I don't know. I hope we get some serious closure. I'm hoping for some closure, but I sort of almost think they maybe are gonna forget to close anything. and they're gonna, oh, they're like, show aired this episode of they don't like, oh, we actually forgot there was not another episode happening, and they were all just to be stuck. they forgot, they they only make it. so no, thought there were seven of us, but the one guy that was like the intern on set who had the seventh episode in the film, you know, like drop it. oh, no, good. we can just 6la, yeah, yeah. so people are saying they want you to read the prediction. so I think it's time now. let's open it up. can you confirm for me that the envelope is in fact sealed? yes. where is the sword in my closet somewhere? okay, so here's what I wrote. man, recaps is Game of Thrones, ending theories. um, let's go. I'll start, and then we can go down the line. I'll pass it off four different characters. okay, but I'll start with the big one. are you guys ready for this? on the Iron Throne, it is. the king. is the child of John and Danny. I kind of thought they were gonna do more times, gonna pass. I thought that she's gonna be pregnant for like, three days, and that they would have, Oh, both will die in some way, but after Danny, but after Danny gives birth. so that would, see, mean, very unlikely at this point. we would have to skip quite a bit of time. I mean, if she's not pregnant, and then Tyrion serves his hand and rules the realm in peace until the kid comes of age. so that was my big prediction. who's on the Iron Throne? I was up there. I think, in general popular opinions, it wasn't, wasn't in the top, but it was middle of possible. I really hope this episode is not just eight months. immediately, she and John just work it out. she's like, honestly, I don't know what I was thinking. I'm a terrible person. I'm so sorry. he's like, yeah, I forgive you. there we go. let's go for you. you can read the next rundown. Jaime Lannister kills Cersei to save the world, starts up the new nights of watch. and is yeah, yeah. I thought, I thought that would be a good fate for Jaime. you know, he killed Cersei to save the King's Landing. I thought she was maybe gonna try to blow it up when she saw Daenerys and Jon coming to take it, and then he would go join the Nights Watch. you know, that would be good. and to his Redemption. arc, yeah. so question, do we need a Night's Watch anymore now that we have no night king and the wildlings are friends with the north? you know, what we don't know is, the last time there was, like, the White Walkers really came south. we had a long night, like, how did that end? did they kill the night king but then came back? can you ever truly be killed? well, Brenna's, thank you, moon. there's gonna be another night king. there's me another brand later, exactly. so you're right, if the White Walkers are actually all the way gone, the Nights Watch is kind of pointless. so, yeah, that would all be, that would all be useless for the next answer. all right. so Sansa will rule the North? Neil's - oh, the the son of John and Danny again, which also seems very improbable at this point. I thought she'd be like, oh, it's my nephew. he's Mario. she's, she's gonna marry someone. question mark Theon. nah, no. whoops. and then maybe she does. hey, are you right out the gate? you are also wrong. are ya. Mary's Gendry not legitimized as Baratheon. kids. carry on. stir climb. that's in the back. yeah. I thought, I thought maybe Sansa, after her journeys, she's sort of sworn off men now. or if maybe she ended up with Theon, you know, they couldn't really have kids, so then it was Mara and Gentry. it was theirs God to just bang it out and populate the Starks. again. this is just, sorry. it was something very explicit about that not being this. this only, this only gets worse. okay, read these. yeah. are you going on the dead list? oh, it's gonna go. then there's some smaller ones. Davos goes home to his wife. I still feel good about that. yeah. he has a wife somewhere, I think, and maybe some younger kids, I don't know, who's mentioned. Sam writes the history of the game of Thrones, which sort of makes sense. you're drawn live there. yeah, yeah. the reason they made a is made a Kingsguard for real, and wins the game ball, yes. yes. he's my life. I thought he was gonna win and then be a Kingsguard, cuz he was a Kingsguard, you know. and you theoretically serve for life. so I thought that would be good if he went back to it. but no, no. and then you have that Podrick sex. is everyone? he sex anyone. he's that he had the threesome at the Winterfell party. Oh know, if you caught that in the background on the episode, you guys remember seeing him going on to someone? think there's something, yeah, one of the girls and and then the girl, the hound turned down. oh, yeah. she went over in products just like, okay, sure. yeah. hello. this so good for pod. so, yeah, that was, um, all of that is mostly wrong. I was waiting, I was way out, huh? we'll see what happens tonight. but mostly not. these do you realize you have Brandon book the dead and alive list? crying? oh, here. so read the dinner, libelous. and for everyone I got wrong, I will attend am a white car. so I think, oh, no, I'll take a drink for everyone that I'm already wrong about. we'll see. so, sir, with the same out of this started Danny list, although I guess we won't know. Devon Tilly under this one, right? yeah. but, yeah, but he's so, like, plenty wrong. so people are gonna be dead our John Danny. beric Dondarrion, grey worm. grey worm. still alive. Gray was alive. no, Sade, dead. Brienne, she's gone. it'd be very difficult for her to die at this point. she's probably Circe, you're wrong. Qyburn, very dead. Jorah good brand dead. ooh, I thought Brandon was a goner too. but he, it's gonna be hard to kill him at this point. yeah. um, you have torment is dead. would you feel personally offended by it? I know. I can't believe I did that guy do that. betrayed my man. I'm gonna drank, smoked fun um. Varys, Melisandre, Fionan son, saw all day. ooh, and there was Santa on there. what was I thinking? yeah, yeah, I'll drink for Sansa. alive. you have Tyrion, sent also. Sansa. okay, so i digitized it once and said, I was buried at your vegetable, yeah. Mariana. kendry Davos, Sammy Gilly, which seems legit the hound for now. and he is. he's a, he's gone. Jamie, who? like, even if he didn't die from the run a bowl, that's too bad. must must have bled out, you guys stabbed, stabbed way to Alex anomaly, but it's not stand up. and Podrick is alive. bran is live. and Yara Greyjoy, he's alive. we all forgot she was in the show. she sort of build really hard. and he's probably okay. she's children. she in the Ireland. I know I hired islanders. um, you know this, I think, I think the child John Danny is like, plausible, because she could a already be pregnant and be John. and yet, like, John easily could die by trying to stand up to her availing. and the episode, I know a lot of people I've heard have said that they think the actual episode will be like 3045 minutes, and then there'll be a whole, you know, in the future, like one year later, or whatever, enclosure type thing. yeah, which I don't that. that wouldn't fit in, like, time skipping wouldn't fit in with the writing. but like that, if she's pregnant, that seems plausible. other than adverse effects, like, pretty far off. you're right, actually, I'm not. I'm not totally drawing dead-on on John and Danny's kid on the throne. it would keep it assessed on the Thrones, which everyone was, it still got it. uh, what about you guys? put everything up in the chat there. I'm gonna read through it after, after the episode here. I want to see what you guys think. I want to see what, see, what's in the brain of the populace. so some people were mentioning the wildfire that was under the city. and so they were talking about how it would have been interesting to see the whole city kind of explode and walking, you know, how not only is Danny killing the people, but also, kind of her father is killing the people at the same time. and so there was, you know, some thought of, hey, we didn't forget about the wildfire wait long enough. question, yeah, but the wildfire, was that Danny his dad, that but it there? or was that Searcy? I think the implication blew up everyone last time with lava, didn't she? yeah, but that was, and this was something that, it was kind of hard to follow if you weren't paying close attention. but it was, it was Danny's father, the Mad King Aerys Targaryen, who had caches of wildfire all over the city, source, he just found out of it. so, yeah, so she had Kagura, and they found enough they used it to blow up the Sept so theoretically, yeah, they use the green explosions. we saw last episode where some of the, you know, the wildfire, they found that was right there. so, yeah, Whizzer being on, yeah, she has become her father. see, I took that to mean that sir, she had planted that and was playing the blow everything up if she lost, regardless. so, like, it was, all the people were gonna die anyway. but, yeah, miss Casa Entertainment and Mike Hermes on both side. yeah, both of them, you know, knew it was there, but it was the Mad King. she kind of just used the leftovers. yeah, yeah. which is, we remember, that's why Jamie killed the Mad King, was because he hear about the Wildfire to stop the destruction of a full city. and mike says, he misses you guys. we miss you. yeah. so, lots of good chats going on. I think people are starting to get ready for the episode. yeah. we're getting close here. yeah. I want to give you everyone enough time to to really get in the mood, get ready for it. I'm still not mentally prepared. it doesn't feel real yet. what's the view song kicks in. we have no landing change. I think the intro visuals kept changing, yeah, about the music, but I hope so. it'd be pop out if they don't change it. I mean, yeah, you gotta feel it. King's Landing on fire. they must have a lot of stuff that has, like, nothing to do, right? over work 3d. guys, guys, I can't, I can't do all this, like you left this statue. all right. yeah, I get on there. and, oh, they're fun questions, right? we could talk forever. yeah, truly be, yeah, just, we have, oh, I have a question. so, I know there's been, I haven't looked this up at all, but I know there's been talking multiple spin-offs being approved. yeah, true. one once been a code name they're working on is something like Blood Moon. and that one is actually like, in their starting production on it. interesting. so at least one game of Thrones spin-off, there's no, yeah, people, there's a few actors that are, you know, confirmed in it, but we don't know what it is. it could be. speculation is it's sort of a long time ago. it's gonna be some old dragon, some Targaryen stuff going on every phone. maybe the long night. you know, we'll find out more about the origin the White Walkers. odds of getting tormented ghosts spin-off, because, I mean, everyone watch that. yeah. I mean, I think if we're gonna make a petition, yeah, they're running for that petition. don't worry about this season. let's go and let's get tormented as an animated series, just like, actually, just anime. ghost learns to talk. needs to be a kid show to the torment starts a giant's milk side business, wandering merchants. great. Game of Thrones has been wonderful. it's been a, it's been the best eight years of my life. yeah, probably just cuz I was existing anyway, I guess. but, but also, Game of Thrones helped. I love this show so much. it was incredible for so long. it's anything strong. video, do you watch? like, season 1, episode 1? like, the day it came out, I was like, I was not there. it was right after season 1 ended. someone was like, Brandon, you clearly love Game of Thrones. watch this. and I binge tit all that night. I did not stop after episode 1. it was a rough day the next day. but, yeah, and then right after that, I was like, boom. all the books into season 2. loved it. so some of the best. it's been great. and guys, it's been great having you with us here, joining us. thanks for coming to the little pre-show party. hope you guys are having a good one yourselves, and I hope that you enjoy this final episode. hit me up on twitter at mana recaps. I'm gonna Instagram to. I know you guys love social media. I'm an old fart, so I don't, I don't know how to use it as well, but I'm just kidding. imma miss my youtube or our social media influence your money. alright. oh, yeah, you know. but I'd love to see what you guys say. yeah. tweet me, Instagram me, Facebook me, youtube, comment me and tell me everything about Game of Thrones, episode - do. slide off. whatever it takes, and it just looks daggers in. hey guys, it's been fantastic. thanks for all you for being here. oh yeah. man recaps. 