[Music], welcome to the break now, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. today we venture into a heavily requested Korean horror film I saw, the devil's where we see the sick game of an NIS agent named Kim Soo yung play with a very gruesome serial killer who killed his pregnant girlfriend. is so far one of the craziest Asian films I ever seen. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for their breakdowns. the movie starts off with a peaceful drive down a snowy South Korean road. but let me tell you right away, the driver is the sickest of [ __ ]. the driver then eventually scopes out this white car with a pretty Korean girl in it named Jang Joo Eun. she's talking on the phone to her man, her fiance, named Kim Soo yung, who is an agent working in the National Intelligence Service, kind of like the CIA in South Korea. this like Julien, has a flat tire. it is wedding on some servers to help her out, sort of ease her situation. soon, sings to his love before getting caught. then the man who is driving walks up, staring at Joo Eun and creeping her out. after wondering where he is, he surprises her and attacks the windshield, eventually breaking into her car and then finally beating her over the head with his whip. we see the aftermath of that bloody attack, and her phone rings in a bad girl. before title screen, we then see her nude and covered up, but still alive. the killer named Kong Cheol ties her so she can't move, and then picks up a thick-ass knife. Kong Shah says, since your skin so soft, this would be easy. she says, don't kill me because I have a bun in the oven. oh, baby, my stomach. but this revelation just makes the killer completely kill her. he completely chops her body parts off and her ringa Schloss. looks like Seoul is gonna find it later, regardless. the killer drags her remains away. the next morning, this little, chubby boy discovers a bag holding the ear of the dead girl. and authorities are then called to search that entire area for more body parts. the girl's father comes to who is the squad chief in the police su-eun comes as well. but then two inspectors find the cut-off head of Juliana. and then the idiots drop the head right in front of Sulu and and the squatchy, I'm sure so use. whole world just turn upside down. and it's been stepped on. and his fiancee's phenome. he vows in his head that he will avenge her death and get the one responsible. he's damn near becoming a vigilante, asking the boss for two weeks off, and telling his partner that he needs a mic and a GPS transmitter. he then talks to the squad chief about four suspects to check out who might have been the one to kill Julian. but then sue you leaves once the badass sister of Julian comes through. he then Nathan Drake's his way to the first suspects house, catching him jacking the Wiener to some asian porn. he doesn't finish like he wants to, because suyu cuts the power, showing up and choking the suspect to sleep. he questions the pervy man, but even when he denies it, okay, wait, pause when I'm min min, when I pause it. that means someone's gonna lose something that men have. here's your warning, clay. soon you and bashes this dus manhood easily. well, this dude must have had a warrant, because he turns himself in to the shock police. then sue, you goes after the next suspect, running his ass over and kicking his [ __ ] in. like he really kicked the [ __ ] out of this dude. but even after getting dick slapped, it looks like he was in the killer after all. so you then looks at the actual killer console, and he plans to talk to his family about how he can find him. then we see a girl waiting, and sure ended like, and we know how these situations end up, she gets picked up by control. and even after she powerfully hesitates going with him, I actually applaud her for not being so easily convinced. but she got in anyway. later down the ride, he stops to get his pipe, and yes, she's pretty much [ __ ] now, and gets beat over the head crazy until she is unconscious. back at the killer pad, he decapitates her easily with no hesitation. later we see soo-eun peeping around the mom and dad's house of the killer. it Mamaluke, just like my grandma, sue you, and pretends to be some insurance agent. and it turns out the killer completely abandoned his parents and his son over here. damn dead. be dead. one funny thing is that pops and mama were arguing at first, but once pops asked to make any money of control dies, momma turns around like, yeah, Dewey, I love old people. he finds cumshaw's home, searching around and discovering he keeps the belongings of his victims. through pure coincidence, he finds the secret door leading to the killer's murder room. and also, through even greater sheer coincidence of the highest order, he sees his girlfriend's ring, proving that this is the man he's got a punish. then we see some school girls getting picked up by who? by control, of course, who works this as his day job. but unknown to him, he's being tracked by the police and by soo young who stuck a Spidey tracer on his bus. control notices he's [ __ ] when the police call him, but he ignores it, looking in the back seat to see a sleeping schoolgirl. do I had to tell you what it means when a killer looks at a schoolgirl? sadly, we later see the killer has kidnapped that schoolgirl, planning to do the most evil to her. all this movie is so [ __ ] up. this movie is [ __ ] honestly, this is a messed up scene. but right before he starts to rape her, he hears his name silently being caught. he gets up to investigate, finding soo-eun waiting for him. then they run into battle, which consists of Sulu dominating control. I mean, he's just dick slapping him. and every time it's like a damn daredevil Netflix fight. look at that damn swinging kick. well, anyway, he uses plastic to suffocate the killer to sleep, and picks up a rock to finish the job, but something inside of him says, stop. he then forces a transmitter down his throat for the purpose of tracking him and listening to his every word. oh, and the girl is safe too. the killer later gives up filling the aftermath of an as Whoopie, he sees an envelope on his chest carry money. what this like? soohyun wants to play a little sick game. the killer later hitchhikes and officially gives a taxi wears a funny driver in a creepy man in the bag. the stranger in the bag looks like he's holding a weapon, meaning that these two men are some thugs who probably plan to rob the killer. the killer deduces this, and he then stabs the driver and the man in the back to them like there's barely any words to describe how bad he killed these two dudes. like, I would not want to share a cell with this man. I'd probably kill him in his sleep. the killer discovers the real taxi driver in the trunk, along with some soccer player, close to where he hides. the two crooks, who are then discovered by SOI human-controlled then get some medical treatment, but bullies this old doctor and harasses this young girl. later, he locks himself in with a girl, telling her to strip her clothes. but remember the transmitter, yes, su-eun is on the way. he forces the girl on her knees for the forced oral but then Sooyoung comes in and beats him with the fire extinguisher all over the damn room. nobody is [ __. ] with soo-eun, except maybe Matt Murdock and Frank Qasim, I guess, Danny ran, I don't know. Sooyoung tells him, this is just the beginning, and he grabs his foot and completely destroys his Achilles tendon. like, damn, I thought he cut my shoe - well. after some healing and crazy driving, we see a man burning bloody belongings and feeding his doggie some bloody ass meet. this man is a cannibal named fat [ __ ] who advise control over for dinner, and is clearly eating some human beef, sue you. and follows the transmitter again, where he most likely hears all of that conversation that they were having at dinner. fat [ __ ] goes to prep his next meal, but looks like this collection of body parts didn't have what he was looking for. so instead he gets a live animal to butcher. up. right before he stars, he gets surprised by su-eun, who dig whips as usual, breaking the [ __ ] out of his hand and stabbing that [ __ ] to the table. he then ties him up, but right before he cuts his hand off, control comes in and blasts a shot. so you wanna strain by the Masters themselves, jumping all around and stuff. but it's soon discovered by the cannibals girlfriend. but bam, bam, and she's dropped with a two-piece no biscuit from Korean fried chicken. then cannibal is back for more, but he gets [ __ ] on and gets his head beated the [ __ ] out of like. I'm surprised he didn't die from his beating. he then does some home alone tactics, and beast the killer up again, all over the head. then he switches to hitting him all over the bag. and I'm surprised he ain't done living yet. the next day, police take the cannon blows away from medical attention. soo Yung's behavior is causing injury from in Korea Inc week. how do you say that? [ __ ]. soo users behavior is causing questions because nobody wants him to become a monster, to fight a monster, including the squad chief and his comrade. here come Cheol is asleep right behind him, and they talk about the transmitter inside of him, punch all over his this and pretends to be asleep. the killer then wakes up all bruised inside of a tunnel. but then the killer starts talking to himself, knowing that, so you can hear him, because of the transmitter, saying, you'll regret, regret, saying, you'll regret not killing me. he didn't walk into a pharmacy stealing laxatives to [ __ ] out that transmitter. soon, hoon arrives at the pharmacy singing the worker almost dead on the floor. okay, pause, pause, are you guys eating? well, hurry up and swallow and put the food away. pause the video if you need to. okay, play. foods going right guys. okay. well, the killer shits out the transmitter and digs into the [ __ ] to find it too. he washes it off and beats a man a real bad stuffing the transmitter down his throat to save his location. and Confused. soo-eun, looks like you don't miss the real bass to you. so you then goes to the hospital to ask the cannibal killer where his killer boyfriend is going. well, the killer has been realized that soon you was the fiance of the girl killed in the beginning. so now loose, he plans to kill that girl's family as well and turn himself in so soon you can't exact their revenge. when the fat tar starts laughing at how evil the killer is, a distraught soo-eun shoves his hand through his mouth and [ __ ] rips his mouth open. yeah, he's pretty much [ __ ]. now, the killer then arrived at the family's home with a squad sheath and his other daughter - Ewan, cause the police chief to go there as well, just in case. we then see the killer in the house with a bloody life flight. we then see the killer in the house with a bloody knife, and looks like he messed up the father real bad. he then grabs a barbell and smashes his face within multiple times, blinding him. once the sister comes home, she herself gets tackled by the killer. su-eun arrives dick, slapping any officers in his way, but eventually gets held back in, beaten and ridiculed by the chief for his mistake of letting a killer go. he didn't listen miss out of the house where squad chief is blinded and half dead and the sister was mutilated. so soo-eun races to capture the killer before he turns himself in. [ __ ] Joe gets out of his whip, all bloody to surrender to the police, happy that he warned against so Union. but speaking of soo-eun, he said, [ __ ] that noise and tears his door off, driving towards the killer and narrowly kidnaps him before the cops can get their hands on him. we didn't see soo Yung's smoking a cigarette, looking kind of like the killer did when he killed his victims. he had missed his mistake of under estimating the killer. but then less his cigarette out all on his face. he didn't take the screwdriver thing he and shoves it through his damn cheek, telling him, I'll kill you once you experience the worst pain. well, the killer says, downright that there anything you could take from me. I don't care about no pain. so you already lost. Buster will not get actually, because Sooyoung sets them up in a booby trap. the killer is right under a guillotine, which is only being held up by the killer's mouth strength, although it's connected to the door. so if anybody opens it, he's gonna be a bloody head on the floor. no, I wouldn't try to round there, but you know how it go so who's gonna open it? no more than the killer's family, his mom, dad and son. we also see a transmitter nearby. and Sooyoung listens, as he ran was about, but he also screams as best as he can to tell his family to not open the door. they don't understand him, and they pull the door open, which brings down the blade and cuts off his head, right in front of his child and his parents. the family reacts to the grisly death. and Sooyoung takes off his headphones, walking away sobbing and also laughing manically. well, sue, you and his goddess revenge against the killer. but it looks like the killer has awakened the devil. if only sue knew and either killed him right away or took him to jail, then all those innocent people that we sing get murdered or abused would have lived. maybe that would have been what Julian would have wanted. so if there is fundamentally any lesson to learn here, just don't let revenge fill your heart, but also respect that some of us have not lost a loved one. in a way such as this. now that we've seen a gruesome killer meat is in, let's talk about the mostest third moment and most enjoy a moment in that spooky stuff. [Music]. okay, so let's get right into it. the mostest third moment is, for me, probably the almost attempted rape of a child. tell me down below what you think the most disturbing moment is. the most enjoyment was probably all the ass-whooping sue you and delivered. and felt cool to see so many sick [ __ ] get beat damn near to death. tell me what your most enjoyed moment is to and, um, also, I apologize if I pronounced anything wrong. you know, I'm just an idiot. but that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this agent thriller, and if you haven't already, check out these other aged and disturbing films. if you're new, make sure you click on that pretty spooky rights logo to subscribe today. thanks for watching. spooky out 