[Music]. girl just touched the badge. i was shocked. in an instant, what happened just now? she squatted down again to touch the badge. passing through in an instant, this will pick up her badge directly. immediately, came to a field of golden wheat. there is a huge city treasure not far behind. she walked forward curiously, knocked my head. seeing this seems to be a parallel world. long mao was about to help her pick up the badge, stopped by her. i'm afraid i won't discover the secret. i wrapped my badge with gumskin. then she let the old man touch it. dad touched it. nothing happened. it seems that this badge is only useful for yourself. the girl immediately regretted a dur this is so interesting. what are you excited about? i have confiscated this badge before daddy goes to bed. she touched the badge on the bedside table. again, you have to go to the city treasure to take a look. i dry the wall again. she walked along the wall to find a way out. step on empty spitting down the stairs. this time, she pushed a bike, ready to illuminate and illuminate. i touch the badge first, determine the general direction of hao chung bao, then drink there. when she thinks it's almost here, take out the badge and touch again. the scene in front of me instantly brightened my eyes. girl named kwa. at this time she came to an unknown, parallel world. suspended train, returning, rocket, penetrable swimming pool. everything is so high tech. i'm looking at junghi here. but found that the badge is running out of power. i heard a girl say, it will be 20 light years away. she followed this girl, but the resistance under your feet is getting bigger and bigger when the power of the badge enters the gods, kwewon. made the boss want to get on the spaceship. but still didn't sit. who would have thought that this lang lang is still out of power? so i went home and started looking for information about the badge. sure enough, there is a store collecting this badge. i found this shop based on the address kwa. but when the boss took a look at the badge, it was directly excited. i have to ask, where kwa got this badge? i don't know where it came from. if i know, i'll still ask you austrian turn around and leave after talking. who knows? the boss. and the boss raise the toy gun to keep her away. frighten anyone with a toy gun. but this toy gun store left a leak on the roof. say tilda, where did this badge come from? i really don't know. here a steel ball broke through the window. a free space bomb detonates instantly, frozen the two bosses. a girl broke through the window. she's here to save quaiwa, but kuya's hands were also frozen. the girl squeezed her out hard, then started fighting with the boss. don't look at the little one as tall. there are really two brushes. i quickly tore off the boss's head. surprised she is a robot. and the boss also started the self-exposure program. fortunately, the girl is pulling the emerald flower, escaped a second before bakken. then she shot at the car window, drove quaiwa and ran away. the girl is called xiaoya, but kwa found out that she was also a robot. when i think about it, these robots must be in the same group, a big rui stopped the car, get off the car as a meal. shaoya just got out of the car was flew by a red pickup truck. but kwajing didn't care about her. grab a pick up and run. xiaoyu sits up. nothing happened, because she is a robot. then shauya turned on sprint mode. take a look at kwewa. shaya stays behind and pushes her every day. jump into the bucket. scared kwewa to the brakes, assigned her the co-pilot. xiaoyu pulled out the key. the door handle is also swollen. what scared kwawa was ocho called xiaya. explained, comes from that parallel world and want to go back again, you have to be saved by a doctor. soon, kweiwa came to his door, walking forward. a hay dog. rushed out. run every day for quah. but she found that the dog had no footprints. so i started paddling. twice, it turned out to be just a holographic projection. kwewa came to the door and knocked, but the doctor told her, where do you stay cool. then a wave of air broke her two miles come out and tell her what's the place to go to the ruined place 66. there you go. she thought of a loss if she didn't let her go. i lighted his minivan. the doctor pulled a small ice water gun and went out to put out the fire. puff, puff at the small truck. the fire is extinguished, but the home can't go back. hey, silly girl, tilda, you opened the door for me. quaiwa, what did you do to me during the day? cuts also gave dr kutz a shot. kwe was putting her admiration on doctors high technology. the doctor got into the house under the stairs. the two are arguing, but the alarm goes off. it turned out that there was another wave of robots with guns. the doctor quickly turns on the defense system, but a robot opened the iron gate. one step ahead. the doctor goes up as a small electric roller. electricity to the robot as a hindrance. then the doctor kicked her up. the other one hasn't waited to show up. he was burst into his brain by an electric current. two robots are resting on the iron gate. doctor's little hand presses on the keyboard. the two gave away the she here comes another one behind him. the doctor thinks that a needle will stop him. the result was destroyed by the robot. before this, kweiwa saw the teleport aperture of the doctor buckle the robot. then the two squeezed into the escape bathtub. doctor open the house self-exposure system. the robot is about to peel off the bathtub cover. doctor quickly activate the button. moment after, the house burst, the bathtub sparkled out with lightning. coochie fell into a lake not far away. shaiya also drove here to pick them up. three people passed through the space-time shuttle actually came to the top of the eiffel tower. the doctor also solved the secret left by addison, is a rocket that can be teleported to a parallel world. the three quickly lifted off on a rocket. the rocket that has risen into position begins to pick up and go back to work. this small speed is swooshing. let time and space begin to warp. the three of them are also sorry. soon the rocket broke through the atmosphere and came to a parallel world. the boss of the parallel world came to greet them, take them into the spacetime inspection tower. there is a magic, little red ball here front and back. you can see the earth's past and future benefits. pass the little red ball. kwa sees the future of the earth everywhere, bursts, famines, tsunamis, melting glaciers. and these will all come in 58 days. but kwa discovered all this. it's all the vernacular of this test tower. kwa recommends closing the inspection tower, but the boss disagrees. annoyed, since i don't agree, i have to play a little bit of shade, the doctor shook hands with the boss. press the control button of the watch. hurry up and blow up this tower. then xiaoyu took out a pinball from her belly. the robot detects a pinball. the robot detects the pinball. catch shaoya. at once the job of throwing bombs was given to quehwa. kwawa grabs the lift. but no one taught her how to play pinball. but let her understand just going up. but the boss gave him back. fortunately, xiaoyi used the robot to support the elevator. quay was counted as full landing. but the bomb before this is about to explode. kwa skims zayden through the portal. the explosion of air collapsed the pillar next to it. the boss is under the pressure. the former boss wanted to use a laser gun to kill drive xiaoya. a fierce boy filed this shot for the doctor. although xiaoya is a robot, but she has feelings for the doctor. at this time, xiaya's self-exposure system has been activated. the doctor threw her to the test tower reluctantly, accompanied by a loud noise. the inspection tower exploded. the boss's plan is too bad, and no one knows the future of the earth. one year later, the doctor restarted the recruitment plan. use these badges to recruit those who have dreams to rebuild this parallel world together. if one day you also pick up such a badge, would you join their dreams too? who owe wagin is waiting for your answer in the comment area. 