welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode four. this week's episode is all about john dory, master gunslinger and real good dude. he's writing letters to his wife, june. yeah, remember they got married at the end of season five, but right after, when they all joined virginia's colony, she split. the newlyweds up. john's got a pretty good life here in the main settlement of lawton. jinny made him a cop, just like he was before the apocalypse. but one morning, the kitty always relieves, missed his shift. it's because he's always dead. somehow got tangled in the barbed wire fence and is being eaten by zombies. john's trying to do a full investigation, but ginny's like, hey, stop that. it was clearly an accident. he got drunk and wandered into the fence, so just drop it. jon, of course, doesn't drop it. he smells a cover-up, and, oh, finds an earring. that night, john runs into victor strand. yeah, he's wearing a gold key now after his promotion in his episode. in fact, he's part of the inner community council. so he's worked his way up to the inner circle. it's like, hey, man, i think there might be a cover up here, but i'll keep you posted. the next morning, john goes to see janice, who being on laundry duty. it's like, hey, do you recognize these earrings? but she's like, no, i don't know anything about it. i didn't even know that kid, so just leave me alone. then john meets with virginia herself. it's like, hey, i think we have a killer in our midst. we gotta find out whose earring this is. she's like, look, john, we don't want to get people riled up. we want them to feel safe here. he's like, yeah, feeling safe is good, but like, actually being safe is better, right? so they have a funeral for the guy, led by our rabbi, jacob. but during the funeral, they caught janus trying to run away. and turns out the other earring is hers. she's like, no, john, the earring's not mine. i'm being set up. see, i lied before. i did know the kid, we were dating, and we were planning to run off together. i don't know what actually happened to him, but i'm sure virginia had him killed and is pinning it on me. in fact, remember jenny's little sister, dakota. she's like, john, you got to keep investigating. my sister's definitely hiding something. virginia is way overprotective of our little sister. it seems like dakota's kind of a prisoner here. that's why she was trying to run away the other episode. so that night, john decides to continue his investigation by digging up cameron's body. and it looks like cause of death wasn't the barbed wire offense, but his throat was cut beforehand. the graveyard's outside the fence, though, and just then a couple zombies wander into the grave. and, oh, get john. he's gotta take one and shovel. oh wow. what a zombie kill. in the morning, he calls strand over to show him the evidence, but during the zombie scuffle, his neck got all torn up. you can't see the cut anymore. there is another clue, a piece of the knife handle that the killer theoretically used. so it's strands help. he goes investigating the weapons locker, and indeed, a knife is missing, and the page showing who took it has been torn out. john wants to go confront virginia, blow up this whole conspiracy. but strands like, hey, man, if you do that, you're an enemy of the state. there's no going back. so john talks to janus, like, hey, i want to help clear your name. but in fact, she confesses to the murder. she's like, yeah, john, virginia's had it out for me ever since me and my brother first ran away, before we joined the fear group. i don't even know what i'm living for anymore. my brother's dead now. my boyfriend's dead, and this place sucks because it's corrupt to the core. so that night, jon has a heart to heart with rabbi jacob. he tells the story of how his father was also a police officer and was working on the case of a serial killer. they knew he was guilty, but couldn't prove it, so his father planted the evidence that got him put away. it was the right thing to do, as it saved more lives that guy would have ended up killing. but it came at great personal cost, as he ended up losing his job and his marriage. but now jon's committed. he's gonna do the right thing, regardless of the personal cost. he's gonna prison break janus and take her to safety. but when he gets there, she's already out of her cell. the execution was moved up. yeah. they tied her to a tree with a boombox to attract zombies, and they have torn her apart. oh, janice, i barely knew you, but brutally executed unjustly. john dory's mad. now he's gonna bust in there and expose virginia's corruption. but he stopped by strand, who reveals it was him who had the execution moved up. it's like, look, man, we couldn't save janus, but i had to save you by stopping you from prison breaking her. jon's not down with this moral relativism, and they have a big ol fight. but in the end, what's done is done. jon can't stop it. now, in fact, virginia hosts a big award ceremony for john. like, hey, without your diligence, we wouldn't have found out that janice was the killer. and so john gets a big promotion, a gold key. he's a true ranger now. but he knows that justice was not done. but his promotion comes with a huge upgrade in his life. his wife june is now allowed to come here and live with him. so as jon's contemplating this crisis of conscience, he decides to pull out his infected tooth. yeah, it's symbolic, i think, of like virginia's settlement, how it looks nice on the surface, but it's actually rotten to the core. so what's john dory going to do from here? the episode's not over yet. we actually check in with morgan. he managed to get his hands on the sweater of his pregnant girlfriend, grace, and is going to use his bounty hunter's dog to track her down. yeah, the axe, the jacket, the hat, the dog. morgan straight up stole this guy's whole identity. but as morgan's driving, oh, car crash. turns out it is. the end is the beginning, guys from the sub morgan assumes virginia sent them to take him out, but they're like, yo, who's virginia? we hired the bounty hunter who was identity you clearly stole. we just want the key handed over. but morgan's like, i don't think so. and oh, he's got no qualms about killing anymore. takes both these guys out. but now morgan's caught up in this new mystery. what the heck does this key open? we can assume it's to launch the nuclear missiles on that submarine. so watch out for nuclear apocalypse. and that's how the episode comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 