[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2005 monster adventure film, King Kong. so let's get started. the film opens in 1933 with actress and arrow being hired by financially troubled filmmaker Carlton hem to star in a film, and learns her favorite playwright, Jack Driscoll, is a screenwriter. as they travel on the SS venture to the mysterious Skull Island, and in Jack fall-in-love venture, receives a radio message informing that there is a warrant for Carl's arrest due to his defiance of the studio's orders to cease production. the message instructs them to divert their course, but the ship is run aground onto the shore of Skyland. the crew explored the island and are attacked by vicious natives. the tribe targets an and kidnaps her. the crew breaks up the attack and returns to the ship. the natives offer an as a sacrifice to a massive ape named King Kong. the crew then returns armed. Kong takes an and flees into the jungle and wins over Kong and sees that Kong has intelligence and capacity for emotion. a rescue party is organized, but on their journey, several are killed by extraordinary creatures. Kong appears and attacks them, wiping out even more of the rescue party. congra turns to Anne, rescues her from some creatures and takes her to his lair in the mountains. Jack continues searching for Anne, and Carl decides to capture cotton. Jack goes to Kong's layer. as conch fights a swarm of batlike rodents, and an Jack escape. conch pursues them and attempts to get and back, killing several sailors, but a subdued when Carl knocks them out with chloroform. in New York City, Carl presents Kong, the eighth wonder of the world, on Broadway, starring an imprisoned Kong, and is played by an anonymous chorus girl. and Kong becomes enraged after realizing that the girl on the stage is not an he breaks free from his chains and destroys the theatre. Kong wreaks havoc around the city while chasing jack. conte knocked Jack out by stopping his car and flipping it. then encounters anagen Kong and share a moment on a frozen pond in Central Park. then the army arrives. Kong climbs with an on top of the Empire State Building where he fights off six navy planes, downing three. at the end of the confrontation, Kong is mortally wounded by the gunfire and gazes a and for the last time before falling from the building to his death. as Anne is reunited with Jack. civilians, photographers, police and soldiers gather around Kong's corpse. so that was the spoilers for King Kong. if you have a film you would like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check us out on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 