listen as the first wave of our mini TIF review dispatches leading up to our most watch list. I wanted to mention two movies that I highly recommend, and also highly recommend you know nothing about going in. so mostly you know the drill, I'm not gonna talk spoilers until I release the spoiler videos closer to the release dates. I only want to talk about things that have been showcased in the trailers. but you know that I always feel the best experience is to go in blind. so, you know, screw my watch time. stop this video so you can go and blink and know they're my one-word review for both of these is, unrelenting. that's that. for those of you who do want to know a little bit more, let me explain. incredible. I don't usually give works of art right off the bat, but the safeties are Tarantino's retiring, and they rhyme with the baton. we're talking about two brothers who have two certified produced by Martin Scorsese hits already. I even think this one may be better to rewatch ability is strong. the way they direct non-actors is seamless. least who got the expressed written consent of the NBA to use footage in their movie, and even beam the Semana folks funded himself. it tells a story of how II a gambling addict hustling in New York's diamond district who keeps getting in deeper and deeper dead, to the point that I had it checked my bank account because I could feel the overdraft fee's a lot of people only know Sandler as the guy who goes on vacation and then calls it a movie for tax purposes. but there is a whole nother side of Sandler the actor that's really, really good. you just, you know, you don't see it as often, but this would be up there with one of the best performances of the year. on top of that, Kevin Garnett as himself has no business being this good. you don't have to follow sports to enjoy this movie, but if you do, you'll also notice how the dialogue is practically a fourth-quarter back-and-forth dribble. like I talk a lot, so I don't mind it when two characters are having a Mane combo in the front, but you could kind of still hear the background people who are talking, because it honestly makes sense. if you're talking in a jewelry store, you'd be able to hear everybody. it's kind of like that Fincher rule of now whispering inside of a club, but actually having your actors yell like they really would be doing. but I can see this being kind of, and I actually have heard some people say that it's really annoying to them. some people said they were having speaker problems in their theater. but look, I loved it. I am also the one who listens to music interviews and Netflix simultaneously on times to speech, so maybe I'm just crazy, as always. but I can't wait to rewatch it, because I do think it's clear enough that you can actually go back on your second watch and choose who you want to pay attention to. and some of the background reactions are actually pretty funny. movie set the diameter because our dad, when we were a little work there, so we were kind of exposed to this amazing pocket of New York City, and we wanted to explore it. and there could have been it's very old world. it's grimy, scummy, dirty, all the adjectives that can be used to describe New York City sewer water. but at the same time, it's a lesson. you know. the ending, at first gave me lot job, but after massaging it for a bit, I realized it's the perfect circle combo price until my rewatch. this is a mood piece. depending on what kind of day you're having, it's either going to pierce your cerebral and aggravate you to death, or make you feel every emotion. as a fan of Krishna, and it comes at night. I appreciated the filmmaking here, but I'll be honest, I simultaneously hated this movie and loved it. let me start with the bed. there's a chance you might get nauseous with the camera movements. and so a lot of the shots revolve around being in the car as they're driving and pulling that children of men shot where it's going in circles. but it does it over and over, to the point that I know some people my screening literally walked out because of it. wayde's is also part of the next way selections. that's if, which means it was picked by their youth-driven committee. and chances are, if you're over a certain age, you may not know half of the songs that are blasting, and I mean blasting like an iPod Nano on shuffle throughout this movie. and there may be a generational disconnect at 135 minutes. I didn't think it was long, but it does feel like two movies in one. I've heard some people even say that it feels like three or five, because it's so energetic that it keeps shifting its pace. it's almost like you're channel surfing. but by the end of it, you end up on a channel that leaves you hopelessly depressed, with just Lucas hedges goofy smile to cheer you up. that said for the good. it's all of the negative points I just said, but they work for you. the camera movements put you in a trance, man like, I'm a huge fan of the behind the scenes to that children of men shot, so I just didn't all everytime that they were doing different shots here, like they're going over bridges, doing this. yeah. and you've been doing these kind of Malik like, very lube sts, wavy shots, where you don't know where one begins or ends. and even though I agree that sometimes the movements of the camera can get a little too overwhelming, there is never a still image in this movie. in terms of the music. if you listen to any of these artists right here, make sure you go and you take a friend with you, because you'll be nodding your head alongside with them. and Calvin Harrison on screen. I'm personally really curious to see how many people are gonna prefer the playlist in the first half as opposed to the second half, because I think they differ, and they almost kind of parallel each other. also, it goes to me it does feel like two movies, but there's an interesting reason for it. if I could compare it to another movie, I would say it's like place beyond the pines. and how it feels like a two in one special is that you're getting the first movie and its sequel all in one package. but it works. and I can't believe I'm saying this, but he'll Lucas hedges was great in this movie. like, I know some of y'all loved him, but I've been pretty vocal that I've tried to give the man chance. I went deep into his IMDB. we even went to go see him live on Broadway, just to see, just to give him the benefit of the doubt right to see him live. maybe it was the camera. nope. so believe me when I say that that he was the best part of this movie. and I am NOT being sarcastic. I am still firmly teamed to me. but he did good. final point I'll make is that it might be better on a rewatch, since there are certain lines in the second half that completely changes the way you see certain scenes in the first. and it also, it adds a whole new meaning to the title of wave. so again, I don't know if I love this movie, but I can't stop thinking about it and how that sounds like a successful movie to me. [Music] you. [Music] 