Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to show you a science fiction action film called Voyagers. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care In the year 2063, science discovers a habitable planet that is suitable for human life and colonization. The voyage to that planet will take 86 years in total. For this venture, a scouting mission will lead the trip to save the deteriorating situation on Earth. The crew has to reproduce during the journey, and their grandchildren will be the ones to reach the planet. For this purpose, 30 qualified crew members must be chosen. They are bred from the genome of intelligent people. They are exclusively educated to cope with multiple challenges they could encounter in their journey at a young age. They grow up to be children trained in complete isolation so they won't miss the Earth during their lonely mission. Richard, a scientist in charge of monitoring their progress, is one of the few adults these children see. Whenever he visits them, the children are thrilled. In the learning centre, he checks on their progress and looks for new skills that they develop. He decides to accompany them on the flight with no return to protect them and ensure their safety. It is more self-sacrifice on his end, but he is willing to permanently leave Earth for this mission. This also bids them more time to arrive at the planet sooner. The rocket finally leaves Earth; Richard and the children transfer to the main ship, which will be their home forever. Richard takes a last look on Earth and accepts that he will never see it again, and taking care of the children is his new reality. Ten years after their descent, the children are now teenagers who continue to attend classes and go about their daily routines. They are all assigned tasks that are in line with their nature of interest. Some are doctors, engineers, chemists, and so on. However, all of them act and move docilely. In their lives, the same things happen every day. Richard still monitors and takes care of them after all these years. To the crew members, he is their father figure, and they always abide by his rules. He counsels them in one-on-one sessions to ask how they are regularly. Without knowledge of what the outside world looks like, Richard shares his experiences with them. Inside the ship, plants and food resources are kept and maintained. Seeds and plants are secured in airtight compartments to prevent them from being bad and reach the target planet, where they can plant. This keeps them healthy even though they are far away from nature.One day, the botanist Christopher discovers a problem in their irrigation system; the computer detects toxin in their water. He brings up the concern to Richard's attention and sees that the toxin's source is in their urine, which means that they are drinking or eating something that causes this. Richard says that it's only the filter, and he should not worry about anything else. However, he knows exactly the source. Christopher is unconvinced and investigates further. Christopher and Zac, his best friend, discovers that the blue drink everyone takes after meals contain an unknown chemical substance. He secretly uses the computer and learns that the chemical substance is a drug that keeps their personality dull and suppresses their sensual drive. This explains how everyone lacks energy and emotions. Both of them realize that the board is drugging them. Without a clue on what to do with the knowledge they have gained, they keep it to themselves at first.The following day, Christopher and Zac do not drink their daily doses of the blue liquid. Their defiance gives them a new sense of satisfaction. They share this information with two other crew members and reveal the location of the secret compartment in the ship. During Christopher's counselling with Richard, he asks about the secret compartment; Richard explains that the chamber is reserved for the third generation on board. Christopher has second thoughts about the blue drink, but eventually, he realizes that it's better to keep it to himself and his peers. In his office, Richard informs the mission control board on Earth that the children are starting to lose trust in him and that he wants to reveal the truth about everything, but the answer will take over two months because of the distance. As the crew members line up for their daily routine and check-ups, Christopher starts to feel attracted to Sela; he begins to notice her physical features vividly and even tries to hold her hand. However, Sela turns to him, and he stops looking. Zac feels the same way about Sela. He approaches her and says that she looks completely different. Zac even grabs her shoulder to get her attention. However, Sela is clueless and does not feel anything because she still drinks the blue liquid. Christopher notices their interaction and starts feeling a sense of rivalry with his best friend. During their physical exercises, only Christopher and Zac seem active. The rest of the crew members remain dull. They both wrestle playfully and seem to have a hard time controlling their emotions. Their peers find it weird and highly unusual. In a private room, Edward, the expert on the ship's mechanisms, alarms Christopher and Zac that sounds are coming from outside the ship. The three of them discuss it, but they fail to arrive at a conclusion. Conspiracies about an extraterrestrial being are shared among the crew members. In the next room, Richard shows Sela some natural herbs and let her experience the scent of these. Although the few scents are constrained in tiny bottles, she appreciates it very much. Unknowingly, Zac watches Richard put his hand on Sela's shoulder, which arouses jealousy. He says how unfair it is that Richard can touch her while he can't. Christopher gets worried about Zac's demeanour. Moments after, Richard gathers and informs the crew that a malfunction in their communication system happened. He assigns Zac to fix the exterior of the ship with him. While preparing, Sela explains the safety gear to Zac; he then touches her body and holds her unpleasantly. Richard tries to stop him, but he runs away. One of the crew members, Phoebe, reveals to Richard that Zac has stopped drinking the blue liquid, causing his unpredictable behaviour. Worry fills Richard's face because he knows the consequences if the crew members stop drinking the blue liquid\xe2\x80\x94chaos. He then approaches Christopher to ask if he has stopped drinking it as well. Christopher answers honestly and says that it is unfair to sacrifice their lives and feelings for the board's mission. Kai, a fellow crew member, is in charge of the control room to monitor the ship's outer layer and other activities. Zac enters and also observes the operation from the screen. Instead of Zac, Christopher is the one who goes with Richard outside the ship to carry out the maintenance because of the incident with Sela. After knowing that Christopher is the one accompanying Richard, Zac gets annoyed. Christopher is amazed to see the stars in the galaxy and admires its beauty. They continue to do repairs while the rest of the crew observe from the inside. They notice an eerie and unfamiliar sound but see nothing; eventually, the power inside the ship blacks out. Not long after that, Richard falls unconscious for an unknown reason after a black and shadow-like force passes by him. He is unable to move, and the rope tied to the ship prevents him from floating away. Christopher comes to rescue him. In the ship, they switch to emergency power while putting off the fire that the blackout causes. Richard's face and upper body are covered with burn wounds. They try to revive him, but he is unresponsive. Finally, the medical team announces his time of death. Everyone grieves and are taken by shock because of his sudden passing. They have a meeting to discuss what could have killed him; only Edward responds by saying that a black force was the reason. Some of them think that an extraterrestrial life form caused Richard's death. After the incident, the surveillance records were destroyed, leaving them clueless about what happened. They receive a message from the program that they should choose a new chief officer. Zac volunteers to take over the position, but the other crew members suggest appointing Sela, but she declines. Eventually, they decide to have an election. After casting votes to nominate a leader, Christopher wins as the new chief officer. Zac looks underwhelmed and obviously jealous. But still, he congratulates his best friend. Christopher orders the crew to repair the damage caused by the fire for everything to be slightly back to normal. The crew members willingly abide as he supervises their progress. Sela looks at Richard's belongings for the last time before getting rid of them, as instructed by the manuals. She also shows Christopher pictures of the late Richard from his childhood. They continue to watch his past videos and remember moments with him. Instead of working on the ship's damage that night, Zac explains that the refrigerators caught a short circuit. He then suggests that they have a party to celebrate having a new chief officer. All of them gather in the dining area to have a feast. After, the crew members head to the drinking station to have a dose of the blue drink. Kai, one of Zac's close friends, stops the group and informs them that they should not drink it, according to Zac, as it is a medication to control them. The members oblige and throw away the drink. While Christopher and Sela become closer, Zac finds a love interest of his own\xe2\x80\x94Julie. The previously orderly life on the ship increasingly falls into chaos as they continue exploring more human feelings and emotions. Zac's jealousy grows as he realizes that Christopher and Sela become closer. The eerie noises appear, and while they figure out where it comes from, Kai and another crew member, Peter, fight over Julie because of jealousy. The fight ends right away after Peter ran off, but he attacks Kai with a metal tool in the dining room. Christopher controls the situation but punches Peter out of impulse. Everyone is shocked; Christopher walks out after saying that everyone should calm down. He starts a meeting about the uncontrollable situation lately. Christopher's authority fails, and finally, Zac usurps power. He manages to persuade some members to choose him as the leader and follow him. Most of the crew members believe that there is an alien inside the ship that got in unknowingly. Christopher and some others investigate the control room where surveillance records belong., they found nothing. When Zac and Kai investigate, they are apparently attacked by something and flee, with further archive data destroyed. When asked by the crew members what the alien looks like, they claim that it was dark and they couldn't see anything. But Sela believes that they staged the attack so that they could destroy the records. They find footage from the monitoring centre that shows how Zac killed Richard using an electrical surge outside while manipulating and distracting Kai. He just stirred up the fear of the alleged alien for his purposes to secure the group's allegiance. Meanwhile, Christopher and Sela's relationship develops and gets to the next level as they become intimate with each other. That time, they sleep beside each other for the first time. They hear a knock on their door; Zac and Kai invite them over for a celebration, which they accept. Again, Zac claims leadership and sets new rules for everyone to follow. Christopher shows the footage of Zac's betrayal to the crew members to prove his evil intentions. They instantly regret their decision to follow him. Consumed with guilt and shame, Zac finds a way out of the unwanted attention. He then reveals that his goal was to protect the group since the alien possessed Richard and apparently had transferred over to another member. They push each other to implicate that the alien could possess anyone among them. This creates instant chaos because of miscommunication. Kai backs his claim and manages to direct the group's hatred toward Peter, who has been noticed in the past few days for his aggressiveness. Zac persuades his followers to chase Peter. They oblige as Peter finds his way to safety, but the members get to him. They take turns throwing hits on Peter, eventually beating him to death. Everyone comes to their sense and regret the fact that they were mean to Peter. Zac instructs his followers to grab any object that resembles a weapon so they are ready for a fight. Christopher and his group discussion on how to deal with the situation. Sela reminds Christopher about the secret compartment. He tries to open it to source weapons, but access is denied. Two of Zac's members hear Christopher from the inside, so they inform their leader. Christopher manages to get useful objects for defence from the lab, but the group realizes that he tried to access the secret room. With enough manpower, Zac's group manages to access the weapons. They take what they need to start a form of defiance in the ship. Two of Christopher's group members, Alex and Anda, join forces with Zac as they lose faith in Christopher's leadership. Zac welcomes them. Now armed and in total control, Zac's group shuts power. They track Christopher, Sela, and Phoebe and take them hostage. A brawl begins, but the three of them are outnumbered.Sela attempts to get in Zac's head by saying that she loves him, but it is ineffective. Phoebe tries to persuade them to get their acts straight to carry out their mission successfully but gets shot by Kai in the process. Although Kai did it, Zac claims that he did it to look powerful. Zac tries to shoot Christopher, but he and Sela manage to run. They both hide in a small compartment where they preserve plants in the ship to take refuge. The members try to spot which section they are in. Zac shoots the compartment, but they both leave unharmed through another hallway. Kai attacks them while they hide, but they fight and kill him inside the lab by injecting something on his neck and hitting him on the head. Zac chases them, so they decide to hide in the airlock, put on spacesuits for safety, and open the outer bulkhead. Zac shoots the inner door, making him vulnerable to the pressure. He is sucked by the pressure but holds onto Sela to save himself. He stabs her with a knife, but Christopher rescues her. They both fight by the door, but Zac pushes Christopher out. Zac's body starts to change in colour because of the lack of oxygen levels in space. Successfully, Sela kicks him out. She cannot decide whether to close the door or not; luckily, Christopher survives and safely gets back to the ship. After Zac's death, Sela and Christopher gather the group together to put their weapons down. Sela is appointed as the new chief officer. From now on, the crew members want to renounce the inhibiting drug and agree on voting for decisions together. Everything comes back in order as Sela takes the lead. All of them age and start to reproduce. More children run around and take over the ship as days go by. 86 years after their descent, the ship finally reaches the target planet. 