in today's video, we will go through the events of 2019's action drama gemini man. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more. henry brogan is a 51 year old former marine scout sniper. he currently works for the dia and is on a mission to assassinate an anonymous bio-terrorist on a running train. henry's partner is on the train, analyzing their target and reporting to him. the mission is held up by a little girl approaching the mark. but in the end, henry shoots the man in the neck, killing him. he later reveals to his partner that he was actually aiming for the head. disillusioned with killing, henry decides to retire from government service. henry is now back in his home in georgia. he is visited by his old partner and boss, dale patterson. patterson is saddened by henry's desire to retire, but he supports him. later, henry goes to meet his old friend jack. jack is a wealthy businessman. he invites him to his boat where he is vacationing with his girlfriend on the dock, henry meets the boat rental manager, dany. henry and jack meet and talk for a while, when jack asks him about the bioterrorist he recently assassinated. he then reveals that the man was actually a biomolecular biologist. the file henry was given was spiked to make it look like the man was a terrorist. jack reveals that the source of this information is a man named yuri. thinking that he might have killed an innocent man, henry demands to meet yuri. jack arranges a meeting. while returning from the boat, henry finds a microphone hidden in it. he suspects dany to be working for the dia and confronts her. she denies his claims, but agrees to meet him after work. they meet in a restaurant. henry has pulled some strings and figured out that danny actually is an agent for dia. both of them acknowledge that her cover is blown, but danny doesn't provide any helpful information about the microphone. the dia director, lasseter, and head of an elite private military clay varys, spy on jack and henry's conversation through the microphone, realizing that they know the man killed wasn't a terrorist. they decide to kill both of them, along with dany because she knows of the incident. that night, two agents arrive at jack's boat and kill both him and his girlfriend. but when the men arrive at henry's house, he notices them coming in and gets alerted. he kills a man before they can kill him. henry then goes to dany's home to alert her as well. the two of them decide to take a boat and run away. but as dany goes to take the keys, she is attacked by a man asking about henry. henry, from the outside, shoots the other three men. dany overpowers the man and threatens him to reveal who sent them. he tells her that it is lasseter. the duo then runs away in a boat. the next day, lasseter and varys meet again. since lasseter has failed to move henry out of their way, varys takes things into his hands. he sets his team gemini to eliminate henry. meanwhile, henry and danny are on a deserted island where henry's friend baron comes to pick them up to take them to colombia. from there, henry calls patterson and asks him if he was the one who sent people to kill them. patterson reveals that it was lassiter and varys, the man who was killed at the beginning of the movie was a former member of gemini. agitated, henry tells patterson to leave dany out of this and cut the phone. years ago, henry and baron were offered to become a member of the gemini, but they had refused. the group decides to stay in the hotel that night. henry notices a sniper climbing to the roof and alerts dany. he walks out of the hotel himself to divert the sniper's attention. meanwhile, danny and baron move to a safer place. henry and the sniper get into a shootout. henry runs away on a motorbike as the sniper follows him. henry is surprised to notice that the sniper looks exactly like him. the police arrive at the scene and the sniper flees. the group then decides to fly to budapest to meet jack's informer yuri. the sniper's name is jackson brogan, more commonly known as the junior he is a part of gemini and works for varys. that night, he talks to varys about the shootout, feeling weird, but varys dismisses it. the next day, we see junior and varys at the gemini camp where he assigns junior to go to budapest for henry. danny takes the dna sample retrieved from junior and henry's and gives them to test. the results show that their dnas are identical. dany suggests that gemini has made a clone of henry using his dna. the group finally meets yuri. he is a russian agent. he tells henry that they share a common enemy, varus. yuri confirms that varys has created a clone like him because he is the best assassin in the world. the doctor killed at the beginning of the movie worked with varys to create the clone, but they had a fallout, and the doctor had found out a way of mass cloning, so varys had to kill him. henry is shocked to hear this. now the group's only way to varys is the junior. henry calls lasseter and threatens her to send him to them. she agrees. at night, they leave to meet the junior. henry stays in the car, while dany goes in first. junior demands her to strip to check for any microphones. when he is done, he calls henry and tells him to come to a place. he then takes danny to the basement of a building and sets a trap for henry. danny talks to him the whole time about the traps. he then ties her to the wall. a noise is heard, so he moves towards the entrance, where he is attacked by henry. within seconds, junior falls to the ground, and henry has the upper hand. he takes him to dany and unties her. it turns out dany had a microphone inside her mouth. henry then tries to explain to junior that he was made a clone by varys for his own benefit. but junior refuses to acknowledge that. henry tells him everything about himself. but junior thinks he is just trying to rattle him. agitated, he attacks henry. after an intense fight between henry and his clone, both of them fall off the railings and into the water. drowning is henry's biggest fear. and so is juniors. the junior almost drowns henry, but dany comes to his aid. the junior runs away. then baron takes an injured henry back to georgia on his demand. on the flight, henry tells dany that he feels bad for the junior. they both go to sleep. meanwhile, the junior has many questions about his existence. he goes to varys for the answers. varys asks the junior why it is so hard for him to kill henry. varys soon realizes that the junior knows that he is a clone of henry. his excuse for never telling him is that he always believed the junior would be happier without knowing the truth. as the junior protests, varys reminds him that he has given him the love of a parent. this makes the junior believe his father. varys hugs him as the junior cries. meanwhile, the group finally lands in georgia. when they do, they are almost immediately attacked by the junior. he shoots henry with b venom, which henry is allergic to. he has a hard time breathing as he lies on the ground. baron tries to help him, as dany asks the junior why he is doing this and pleads him to stop. after some time, the junior uses his epipen on henry and saves him. he then apologizes for doing that. baron asks the junior how he knows where they are, to which he replies that the officials are tracking them at all times. he then asks henry if he trusts him. he then proceeds to cut henry's arm to bring out the tracker that had been inside him the whole time. varys had planted it during henry's surgery three years ago. the group then asks the junior to take them to varys. on their way, the junior asks henry about his parents. he figures that henry's parents are eventually his as well. as henry talks about them, the junior gets a call from varys. he tells him to run away from henry as soon as he can. just then they see a huge war weapon pointed towards them in the middle of the road. the junior, henry and danny managed to run out of the vehicle in time, but baron dies in the explosion. the group separates. the junior runs to varys and demands varys to stop all this. while henry and danny run into a nearby grocery store. varys poses this as a shootout with terrorists and keeps the city's police away. henry and danny are still being attacked by the soldiers. the soldiers attacked them with several laser guns. but the duo manages to hide inside the grocery store and not get shot. they then decide to fight back. they easily kill the first set of soldiers that enter the store. they take the soldiers as guns and go outside. they overpower the other soldiers outside. meanwhile, varys suggests the junior shoot him and take the command. he wants to test the junior's loyalty towards him. junior points his gun at varys, but he attacks him first. they get into a fight. as henry and dany are still in the shootout. varys gets agitated and overpowers the junior. he hits him several times, but the junior manages to point a gun at him in the end. however, he cannot shoot him. dany's leg gets shot. she is dragged into a safe place by henry. they are short on bullets as well. the soldiers from outside surround them. they take an axe as a weapon and are just about to run out when someone shoots the guards around them down. it is the junior. finally, there are no soldiers left. as the three of them talk, we see varys send the last sniper towards them. he attacks him through the roof. while the boys fight, dany sets the new sniper on fire, but he still walks with his body in flames. the junior then hits him several times with a gun. he shows no signs of pain from his demore, but falls. later, they remove his mask to reveal that he too is a clone of henry. and the junior, dany asks him if he can feel pain, but he dies before he can answer. then varys arrives at the scene. the group gets altered. he tells henry that he was the inspiration for all of this. he used to see henry work and wondered if all his men could be as good as him. he worked hard to bring his idea into existence. varys explains that his motive behind all this is not a bad one. he wants the american soldiers to be replaced by the ones who do not feel pain or sorrow. the junior is about to shoot varys, but henry stops him. according to him, the junior will regret this his whole life, having had the burden of killing people already. henry shoots varys himself, killing him. cut to a few months later. henry talks to patterson, who informs him that the gemini lab has been closed for good. no more clones of henry are left, except for the junior. henry finally retires from his service. six months later, he meets with junior and danny again. jr has enrolled in college under the assumed identity of jackson, brogan after henry's mother's surname. the movie ends as henry and danny plan jackson's future. thanks for watching. make sure to like and comment on the video if you enjoyed it. and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries. 