before I begin, let me start by saying I'm explaining this movie for the last generation because I'm looking around and somebody else type out, eating and condoms, not in videos. and I'm thinking, the end is not the stars of a movie today. ah, all the same people who were in the last can movie, except this guy right here, that Jeb met at the New Orleans Comic Con. he was smooth F and smelled like Colt 45. and yes, my mama was there, and she did almost give herself an asthma attack yelling, oh my god, his Billy Dee is Billy Dee. I imagine in his knocking he was thinking, I'm 70 years old now, still got it. childish gambino, you could never, you really always cool now that but when it comes to Lando, just leave it to the real Mac Daddy. and how the hell can we sell most Star Wars dolls? oh, excuse me, action figures. that's just a made-up words to them boys, that big. damn Mama's for $2.99 to buy one. wouldn't feel weird checking out their little mounds of plastic where everything all to be. look, there's even new ones. check out this. don't you just love that one eyebrow. I better not buy one and accidentally leave it in the bathroom. my momma might confuse it with a douchebag. but look at this, all one smooth as [ __ ], all right, I'm not being insulting now. I'm not playing. our story begins with more scrolling backstory text to let us know what we're looking at again. and if you think these opening sequences are cool, it's not. you're experiencing a hallucination induced by the music of John Williams. he is the master of making dumb concepts seem cool. okay, so let's summarize. the Rebel Alliance has repeatedly been bailed out weapons by the Empire, and now they are hiding out on a planet that is colder than a witch's tit, and big dead it doth want to go [ __ ] that lil Skywalker Hynek, pardon me, I was under the impression that once you started a movie, the movie was supposed to stop. trying this again. play. our story really begins with an empire ship sending out some probe droids to the big round snowball. I don't know exactly what they probe, but guards your orifices. so Luke gets attacked by a bumble who was just honoring because he done seen Harry and the Hendersons and understand why he was passed up for that role. and that's about it, dear Lord. I can see y'all's comments now, explained Harry and the Hendersons. so here comes Han, who was on patrol and left like a minute too soon, just long enough for Luke to get whacked. and just to cause a recurring problem for the story, the Millennium Falcon is undergoing routine maintenance, and the only major part that's broken is the pot - helps them get out of tight spots convenient. but this put Han and his pet in another kind of tight spot, because he need to take them earnings he's obtained from the rebels to pay off Jabba the Hutt, because they drug this damn plot device out way too long. so of course, it created a sad romantic rift between Han and the royal one. and did anybody really think he was gonna leave? I can just imagine little eight-year-olds in the 70s with their bold haircuts and polyester bell-bottoms, crying into their popcorn. gives me a little warm, fuzzy feeling. and Han and Leia look at each other and have a conversation where Leia says, don't leave, baby. don't you know? we need to make it so we can have that chip fugly emo Chow, so he can stab you right through the content, and you can die just like you always wanted, while Chewie watches. and I connect remorseful, but not very well, because the Botox made my face to take to show emotion, and then I can tragically die a day before my mama. and is Nick and disrespectful, it turn max into a space to find cosmic boy, flying Mary Poppins. and hyung goes, I love it when you talk dirty. Oh, Bert and Ernie over here, still at it. so they go to tell Han that Luke still ain't back yet, and if he don't get it back in this place soon, at best he might forget which Disney movie he's in and stop singing let it go. and the worst, he's gonna think he's into Mel Brooks movie and freeze the Spaceballs off. Lord Jesus, I can see y'all's comments now. explain Spaceballs for people who hate Rick Moranis, well, I can't fit that on a damn thumbnail. back at the bumbles pad, Luke wakes up inverted, uses the false to do some Stephen King's carry telekinesis, and he bumbles out into the snow, collapses and hallucinates beard. what am I supposed to do? go see Master Yoda. dumb bit. being, why are you back from the dead? because I'm a better actor than you, dumb bit. two minutes of me is worth more than two hours of you. they even paid me more, probably. man, why do they pay you more than me? because I was in Lawrence of Arabia sand so before your dumb [ __ ] self was born. dumb bit. man, why are you talking like that? for dramatic effect? dumb [ __ ] I'd do it right and you don't. that's why they pay me the big bucks, probably being, much Jesus like, wrong religion. dumb [ __ ], see you later, Ben. love you muffin. dumb [ __ ] here. come here on good timing, it's all. and then he saves Luke by that's nasty. then, spoiler alert, they'll die. I don't mean to sound disappointed, but I am their co Base. this is rogue to who I just got full seconds of screen time because I saved the heroes of the story. dummy. you ain't do [ __ ]. and this is where George Lucas begins utilizing deep symbolism to show that the old Luke died out in the tundra and is gonna be reborn as a big Jedi man fetus. and I am so full of right now, just like that daddy Luke swearing. and you know how you always got that one over bear and get the workplace to make everybody nervous? that's Darth Vader. and this to go around choking just left and right. you such a fuss master. use it to find amps on yourself. then some big metal dogs go to fetch the rebels, and the base is stomped, pun intended, while the rest of the rebels flee, flee. and let me just say that this level on a Nintendo 64 was a and a half first year, delighting the mutha [ __ ] up. what Joe? didn't you gotta shoot him enough with the cable? didn't you got a rep around the legs? it was just a pain in the dick. then Han Leia Chewie and c3po take off for the rendezvous point. but of course, they won't make it, because too much would go right. and Luke tells our - oh, I'm just abandoning our friend so I can go learn some Voodoo's - by you. maybe they'll be able to comic-con and I can meet Billy Dee Dee Dee. Luke crash lands in a swamp. well, duty are to swallow some swamp junk and Bluffs back on the Empire's ship. we get a glimpse of beta's crusty, old, pale, raisin looking head. and haunted friends land on their ass toroids. then more sexual tension, and hans like, is that? where did that? gave me a stiffy. too bad we got time to bone and lay just sit there like, yeah. well, he just looking at the only other pair of balls on this [ __ ]. but you Barker's and I don't do furries making the Bayou. Luke eat some granola. he almost shoots a wrinkly headed Pony had toad. and then the green thing trust a bunch of damn Papa Bob, because he's tired of eating. okra - right there. look like it will tear. yo :. oh, it looks like. help me find a great Jedi Master and get your tiny, little green bonus out of my back on an imperial ship. now, hideous tells Darth Vader they've got to destroy our most powerful weapon in the first move. it might be a problem later, and it might be a son, but I'm not sure, because George ain't thought of that yet. then we go back to Luke, who finds out that old toad with old man ear hair is really goda. then we go back to han and Leia, who are having problems with some kind of freaky space pterodactyls and find out they've been in the gut of a big, giant space tapeworm in an asteroid. and then we go back to Luke, who's being trained by Yoda to become a Jedi Master in a setting that looks perfect for a great music video with a song that goes, sometimes you do that, I think it'd be a hit. and I'll just starting to make me dizzy, so I'm glad they go on Parker here for just a damn minute. and now we got to deal with some deep [ __ ] again, where Luke ventures into a cave and fantasizes about beheading Darth Vader. and then the mask busts open and he sees himself, which means he could turned off in a Big Damn hurry. and you're just sat there shaking his head like, who white folk get it cuz he green. I guess it ain't easy. oh, Hades, I can see y'all's comments. now do the Muppets explain for a muppet of a man. then we'll go back to hunting Leia. and they go buzzing the tower, and the guy inside is like, damn son of a I don't know how they got by, but dummy, you can't hit Oh, can't you see y'all's comments now, you Top Gun. I already did build a day. I swear to god. I gotta come in do the Godfather bit. so back at the swamp, Yoda tells Luke that size doesn't matter, which is just something you say to people with small appendages. and he lifts Luke's x-wing out of the water a little too slow for my taste. I mean, I get that he's 900 years old, but when was 880 he was flinging around like nobody's business. well, I guess that's what retirement are do for you turn your brain to mush. oh, well, they do say that the last 20 is the shittiest. anyway, what era was this happen? and Yoda just says, that's why they pay me the big bucks, probably. hold on. let me see how far we are through this. oh my god, holy son of a Jezebel dip. give me one to take potty break. I mean, even get to see bill of D yet? okay, I'll be back in a little while, like right now. be sure to click episode 5. 5, 2, 2, 4 movies. explain far. I'm Jeb a diner bottom. and since I didn't say this whole video, I'm just gonna get it out now. kiddies, 