Hi, what would happen if you lived in a city that didn't get any sunlight at all, so that the city only relied on the light of the lamp as a source of lighting . The cities were called the city of buckets, a city where mankind lived an underground life that was very different from life on earth.  In general, once Central scientists gathered to keep a secret in a box that had been arranged to be opened after 200 years later years over time the box began to be forgotten and no one knew about the existence of the city 200 years later the city of buckets still shows life in even though the city should no longer be inhabited, the same as in the past, the city of Bucket still never touched the sun at all, the residents there only depended on the light of the lamp. For your information, there is a rule that every child who has graduated from elementary school must determine and choose a job for the rest of their life. Later two children named Lina Dandun came to the event to get their job but unfortunately the job they got was not what they wanted .  they wanted the two of them to finally exchange jobs where Lina, who initially got a job in the generator section became a mail carrier. On the other hand, don't work in a generator to realize her dream of freeing the residents of the city of buckets. The next day Lina started working as a mail carrier to support her sister and brother.  his old grandmother as well as the world began to do the job he dreamed of for a long time bucket city is a city that has many problems and dangers that threaten one of them is a big animal where no one is allowed to approach its territory  and also the leaking generator pipes that are always added and never replaced and the only way to stop the leak is to cover the leak because the generator is in trouble, the city of embers often experiences blackouts and the result of this blackout is that the city will be pitch black because there is no light source.  another time, because the generator burned, the city of buckets again experienced a blackout when Lina went to the mayor's building and looked at the previous mayor's painting there. Lina realized that one of the mayor's paintings was Lina's great-grandfather who in the painting seemed to be holding a box that Linda met  at home then he rushed to tell the mayor At that time about the box he had at his house at home Lina got curious and opened the box she tried to solve the mystery of some of the objects in the box but she couldn't find any code the lights went out again until the next day  and unfortunately Lina's grandmother was found dead one day when Lina returned to try to solve the mystery of the box when Lina and her sister moved to a new house assisted by Bun, they began to find out the mystery of the box. in the box they spontaneously ran to avoid a large animal in the form of a rat that suddenly appeared and chased them after they managed to escape they found a helmet whose owner was said to have drowned at the bottom of the pipe my flight was the name of the owner of habitu who was Lina Lina's father then found out  the person who was known to his father and mother told that his father died while looking for a way out of the city of embers then Lina and first went straight into the tunnel which was deleted from the map then in the tunnel there was a lot of food that should be destined for the residents of the city of embe  r but was kept by the mayor himself. Hai Bisa Adlina tried to report he was immediately arrested by the mayor's personal bodyguard but luckily when the mayor was going to be interrogated there, the lights went out immediately. Lina took the opportunity to escape temporarily and also ran when the police started chasing the dunker At his house he ran into a room where Lina was waiting then they saw a carriage made by Dun's father lively and immediately boarded the train without knowing where they would be taken by the train line while the Mayor of Tengah was engrossed in his arrogance where he felt he had succeeded in commanding the residents of the city of buckets and  make the city better when Lina Dandun arrived at the end of the rail they went down and immediately returned to the city to pick up Lina's sister and continued their mission to go to the locked generator door they managed to find the door key because Lina followed  the note from the box which has the exact same design as the back of the lock is behind the locker but when I first tried to open the locker it turned out that there was a boat in it they turned a lever near there and the boat went into the generator room where there was a river but a windmill  Lina immediately destroyed the boat and was confused, they tried to find out what it really meant. They opened another door where the key came from Lina's box and from Mayor Yang Lina stole it. They fixed the moving pinwheel and then stopped with the help of friends named Question.  However, because the force was too strong, damage began to occur in the city of buckets. The cunning mayor rushed off and saved himself to a food storage area for the residents of the city of buckets. Unfortunately, there was a giant rat and the Mayor immediately became the rat's meal .  unlain A and his sister boarded the boat with the help of problems that held the pinwheel to keep it moving Hi the boat they made it through the pinwheel then after going through several challenging paths They arrived at the end of the river there they found a match and a guide paper they made  it was as a light and guide they kept walking and arrived at the earth's surface but they were frustrated because they hoped that after getting out they would find a better and brighter place but all they got was darkness But a few moments later the sky began to emit light where it was  is a sign that the sun will rise They are happy at that moment because their hopes of getting out of the city of buckets finally come true Doodle Lina then sends a message with a paper and stone through a hole that leads to the city of buckets down there the message reaches the hand  The world's father and Bun's father were also happy when they found out that their son managed to find a way out of the city of buckets. Okay, that was the synopsis of the film, entitled City of three, I hope this film can be the right film recommendation for all of you, watch it. forget to like share subscribe or follow this channel so you can get recommendations for other exciting films [Music] 