[Music]. chilling Adventures of Sabrina has finally been released so Netflix. the ending of its first season totally changes the character and leaves a lot of questions and potential story arcs for a second season. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the ending of chilling Adventures of Sabrina, as well as what I think could happen down the road. there will be heavy spoilers, and it may be worth skipping this video for now if you're yet to watch the show without the way I'm definition and I ruin the show so you don't have to buy the ending of chilling Adventures of Sabrina, the titular character seems to be a complete polar opposite of how she was during the season. after miss Waddell tricked the teen into signing her name in Satan's book, Sabrina was forced to choose between her mortal and magical side. this was in order to save Greendale. however, the sacrifice that she made to came at high cost. when Sabrina released the Hellfire to turn the red angel of death and thirteen witches to ash, she also gained the foresight that keeping her mortal side would put the one she loved in danger, whilst her friends and harpy are now accepting of the fact that she is a witch, it doesn't exactly make things any easier for so she chooses to leave that life behind and decides that, in order to keep them safe, she must lose one of the things that makes her personality the most endearing. it looks unlikely that Sabrina will return to Baxter high by the show's close, but with production already underway for a second season that there's no way of ruling this out. Satan too, can call on the character any time he chooses now, and I would hypothesize that the second season could be about her arc of fully embracing the dark side of her life before eventually returning to the light and her friends. miss Waddell is revealed to be madam Satan, and she clearly has it out for the girl who is thought of as having the potential to become the queen of Hell. that's obviously gonna cause a lot of problems and conflict between the two, and I can definitely see that being a further proof that the show could travel. then, of course, there are both of Sabrina's hands. the two of them find themselves in predicaments. by the show's closed, with Hilda dating a doctor that hides the fact he is a warlock from her, and Zelda a high priest whose daughter she has kidnapped. each one of these will most likely come into play in the second season and be the reason that three realize that, other than each other, there are very few that they can actually trust. I can't wait to see them come together as a family, and there's definitely a lot to look forward to down the line. Sabrina could embrace the dark side, but I think we all know deep down that she will eventually turn into the light. but it has been a great first season for reintroducing the character to a new generation. so what are your thoughts on the chilling Adventures of Sabrina? are you excited with the new direction that Netflix are taking, and what would you like to see in a second season? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this, then please like it and check out my other spooky, wit related video, in which I break down 2015's our movie, the witch. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 