welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this week were breaking down the movie that changed everything, for better or worse. The Avengers kick-started the Shedd Cinematic Universe trend that so many would try to imitate. since its release, it's been picked apart and videos and breakdowns, and there are a ton of those out there. so instead of focusing on all of the details that you've seen before, I'm going to be going over the ones that people haven't really picked up upon. this is purely because when those videos were created, the films that these Easter eggs pay off in hadn't been made yet. there probably will be a couple of things you've seen before, but hopefully this video is full of brand-new information. I'll be sleeve. there will be heavy spoilers here itself. you haven't had a chance to check out the film yet, then what the hell? yeah, I don't need to give a spoiler warning, but just in case, this is your last chance to check out without the way, thank you for picking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of the Avengers. The Avengers begins at a remote shield base that is centered around studying the tesseract. though the location is destroyed during the introduction, it actually makes another appearance in the MCU during the prequel story, Captain Marvel. in the introduction, they walk past the sign for the area, and if you pause it, you can see the words project Pegasus. this was, of course, the lace throughout Captain Marvel. and Nick Fury and Carol both traveled there to learn about her past. this isn't the only link to Captain Marvel either. and in one of my previous videos, YouTube uses simple for pointed out that in the film, at one point, when discussing the tesseract, Bruce says, the Black Widow, what does fury want me to do? swallow it. in Captain Marvel, gusta Kat swallows the tesseract and contains it from the finale of the film all the way until the last post-credit scene. this isn't the only thing that Bruce talks about putting in his mouth during the film. and whilst this is probably the worst link I've ever done, there's also lip service paid to banner putting a gun in his mouth and the other guys spitting it out this is actually a reference to a deleted scene from The Incredible Hulk, starring Edward Norton, in that we saw banner travel into the wilderness to attempt to finish himself and the Hulk. however, upon attempting to do this, The Hulk emerged and stopped him. this scene was unfortunately cut for being too dark for audiences. but it's nice that he at least gets a nod here. that film ends with Bruce finally gaining control of the Hulk. and when Black Widow meets him for the first time, he says that he could unleash the beast should they try to take him forcibly. Black Widow says that it's been over a year since an incident, and that he won't want to break his streak. to which Bruce replies, I don't every time get what I want. yeah, yeah, that's that's the line. I don't every time get what I want. it doesn't make sense. anyway, while saying this, Bruce rocks an empty baby cradle. this shows that he wants a child more than anything, but due to his curse, he's gonna be unable to have one. later in the franchise, we learn that Black Widow was sterilized during her training in the Red Room. and it feels like this inability to have children and the pain that comes from that, ties them together in some ways. during the scene, Natasha also gives details of the tesseract Banner. and in this shot you can see an image of guru chela in Hindu culture. this is a man with two faces, much like banner, who has two identities inside of him. where his widow provides spanner information on the phone, when fury goes to give the same to Captain America, he does so with a piece of paper. as we discussed in our breakdown of age of Ultron, Steve gets his mission briefings on paper due to him being out of touch with technology. in that film, it was a blessing, as all, Tron wiped all digital copies of files, whereas here, it's just a nice character beat that shows he's still a man out of time. in Iron Man 2, we actually see what could be a drawing of the tesseract in Howard Starks notebook. this ties directly to this film and also Avengers endgame, in which we learn that Howard was studying it during the scene in which Tony receives his briefing on the cube. Agent Coulson overrides Java says protocols in order to gain access to his private elevator. Stark says, security breach. and this breach would later enable dr. Selvig to get onto the roof of the building in order to open the tesseract portal at the same location. later in the movie, we see Pepper and stock looking over holographic plans for the building. in them, we can see that they are planning for a Quinjet hangar bay. and this makes an appearance in age of Ultron as well as spider-man homecoming. speaking of spider-man homecoming, the vultures theme in that is actually the Avengers 1 in tonality. this is because the vulture represents the twisted version of a superhero that uses their powers for bad start cause the character to lose his job. and though the disgruntled villain that hates Tony Stark is getting a bit out of hand, it's nice that they decided to give a nod to this film and the theme of the main villain. the opening of homecoming actually takes place right after the events of this movie, during the cleanup of New York. the monster we can see them salvaging from in Central Station is a beast that we actually see get killed in this film. this is carried out by Thor and Hulk, and it shows the attention to detail that goes into these films. in addition to this, the clock on top of Grand Central Station gets replaced after the events of this film. and in age of Ultron, we can see that it's become a monument to the first responders during the battle, tony confronts loki at stock tower. and there are actually a couple of nice things that tie into other movies. we can see that there is a photograph of tony and pepper, and this was actually taken during the scene in Monaco. and Iron Man 2 stock tries to talk down the god of mischief by saying, there's no version of this way you come out on top. however, in avengers endgame, an alternate timeline is created in which loki manages to get the tesseract and escape, thus coming out on top. so, yeah, there what? there was one version. what happens to loki? we will find out in the disney plus show. but there are some great little callbacks that he and his brother get in the movie. tony is thrown out of a window by loki, and he is only saved by his mark 7. the character barely misses the ground and nearly dies from the fall. an end game though, we can see how far the characters tech has come, as when he jumps out of the window, the suit goes over him much faster, showing that he's come on leaps and bounds. in our end game breakdown, which you should definitely check out if you haven't, we stated that tony is constantly learning from its mistakes. after his nanotech was depleted in his battle with Thanos, the character decided to use an energy shield going forward. this constant desire to improve is also shown in this film. and what would follow. Stark becomes trapped in the turbine at one point when trying to repair the Helicarrier, and his suit is severely damaged by it. in the Winter Soldier, we see that helicarrier's now have rubble. this engines just to stop the aforementioned point from happening again. as mentioned earlier, loki features an endgame and a nice couple of scenes. and when stark returns tower. we see door say that they're gonna go out for lunch. this is, of course, a reference to the post credit scene for the film, in which they all go and gets warmer. stark says he knows somewhere nearby. and this is because during the final battle, he lands beside the SHhhh, warmer restaurant that they would return to. you for the final scene, Chris Evans has his hand over his mouth during this because the scene was filmed after the premiere as a joke. Evans was filming snowpiercer at the time, and he had to have a prosthetic jaw in order to cover up his beard. and the other post-credit scene, which features the debut of Danis, we learn that to challenge the Avengers is the court death. this is a big nod to the comic books, as in that Thanos was actually in love with death, and he wiped out half of all life in the universe just to try and get her attention. Dan ass is commanding Loki in this movie, and the to have a sort of Ted Ted over in infinity war. however, it is possible that Loki was also fueled by the mine stone, which was corrupting him. I don't know whether it's his skin, his eyes or what, but this isn't the Tom Hiddleston that the world would come to love. before being captured, Loki attacks Germany, and cap compares him to the the old Chancellor of Germany, whose name I can't say, because, yeah, YouTube liked it and monetized videos that mention him. what's interesting is that that guy died in 1945, which is six years after World War two started. Loki died in infinity war, which is set six years after the events of the Avengers. that's probably just reaching though. when Loki is held in isolation, you can actually see a small panel that is scanning for heat signatures in the room. Loki's body temperature is pretty much non-existent, and this is because the character is a frost giant. Tony also calls Thor Point Break. and this would come to be his voice recognition password for the Quinjet. and Thor Ragnarok. in the film, Thor headbutts Tony. you can actually see a dude in his helmet from it. yikes. now, a key character arc in Avengers and the Infinity Saga as a whole, is that of Tony Stark in the film, he's accused of not being willing to make the sacrifice play. however, by the end of the movie, he proves that he would when he flies a nuke up into the tesseract. Paul, why this is significant to the rest of the MCU is because the music is actually the same that is used when Tony takes the Infinity stones from Thanos in endgame. both show that he actually was willing to make the sacrifice. and this a really nice callback. the movie ends with fury talking to the world security council, and most of them would reprise their role for the Winter Soldier powers booth would go on to feature an agents of shield. and pretty much all of these returned for other projects. they also discussed phase two, which is, of course, a very meta thing to say in the MCU. the film ends with a montage featuring Stan Lee. and we can also see a canvass of the Iron Man image that stark hung up in Iron Man 2. and fun fact, I also used to have that as my phone screensaver. as always with the MCU, I had a hell of a lot of fun making this video, and I hope you enjoyed it too. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the tidbit, so comment below and let me know if you want something else to watch them make sure you check out or breakdown of the insane details that we notice in Avengers age of Ultron. there's some crazy things in that. so definitely check it out after this. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, which gonna be linked in the description, or a definition whitey on Twitter. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition, you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 