so after terry got shot in the first episode, there was always going to be revenge in the second. as terry laid in hospital, which was in the streets looking for the guy who was responsible for shooting his brother. but this is where lamar silas really uses to his advantage. as we know from last week, he's a ruthless gangster, and someone who took advantage of this whole situation with terry being shot, put the word out that it was james responsible for putting the hit on terry. b miki put him down, while lamar paul flemel down. and now we could see lamar climbing his way back up to the throne. but we're gonna talk all things episode 2 in this review and recap. but of course, if you're new to the channel and you haven't done so already, remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything bmf and power universe related. but this episode started with big meech telling us that benz's was the [ __ ] in the 80s. tea got his before he was even old enough to drive. when he got shot, i got my gun and said, i'm ready for whatever. and this is where the episode kicked off with meech and his benz, with mitch telling us that him and his brother, they wanted to be like the chambers brothers and the yba young boys incorporated with a big drug organization back in detroit when it emerged in the late 1970s. and it's because they were the first crew in the city to only hire kids. they had money, women whips, but more than anything, they had respect. and that's what mitch and terry wanted at a very young age, especially respect. mitch was going to do everything he could do to protect his brother, because he feels as if it's his duty to protect his baby brother. so we saw him running through the hospital with a peace in hand, until he runs into detective brian, who, of course, does favors for meech and gets laced in cash in return, just like he did him another favor towards the end of this episode when he bought j-mo to meech, which we'll get to later on in this video. but me sees just how bad his brother's looking, and terry thinks his time is coming. he's then rushed into surgery twice. but the true story behind this is the hospital actually botched up his surgery. and this resulted in terry losing his eye. because, as chad said to the doctor, his vision was fine before he went in for a second surgery. so somebody messed it up, and they definitely made a mistake. and the money he got as a cash settlement was then used to start a private car rental company, which they then used to transport money drugs through their hidden compartments, just like we saw with b mickey towards the end of this episode. but why mitch was at the hospital for the brief period that he was, this is where his mom's, lucille and charles, threw all the blame on meech, and just as i said in my previous predictions video, that as the older brother, your parents will hold you responsible for what happens to your younger brother, especially if you've dragged them into their life that you're in. and their baby sister, nicole, even lies for them, telling her parents that she doesn't know anything about terry being in business with meech, but all this conflict wasn't going to stop me from trying to protect his family and finding out who shot his brother. he had his soldiers watching his family while he went out looking for whoever was responsible for shooting tea. and the first person that he stepped to was kwame. but he quickly realized that kwame wasn't the one behind the hit. and we don't actually know who was behind the hit just yet. but lamar silas was back in town, and he wanted to take back what he believed to be his. and we actually learned that he has a history with slick, from j-mo's crew from back in the day, when they used to call him pm. but lamar's crew fell apart back in the day. when he went inside, slick tried to hold it down as best he could, but he had no product, and he had to work for the person who did. and this is where the 12th street boys came in. but lamar silas's play here definitely wasn't to work on no corners. he wanted to be back on top of the game, on his throne. and this is why he planted the information that he had jmo put the hit on terry. because in the hood, rumors passed around fast, as the older mages narration told us. and this information didn't take too long to reach his way to meech and to meet you did make sense. because, as we saw in the last episode, terry did pull a strap on them. but b miki tells meech that he needs to find a better way to communicate with jmo, but he shuts b mickey down, not for the first time in this episode, and he tells him just to move the stash. and as i said before, i really wouldn't be surprised if we saw a falling out with b mickey, because him being a third in command, sooner or later, he's gonna be done with taking orders from meech and terry, especially being shut down a number of times in this episode, just like how the two brothers want to be kings of their own [ __ ] and come out from working on the pet there are some others who are happy working on the corners. then you get the others who are more ambitious, just like b mickey. but after meech found out, apparently jmo put out the hit on his brother, even though b miki told him that they should communicate things a little different with him, he was trying to find a way to sort this out without starting a war, and something that wouldn't result in bodies piling up. because if they would seek revenge. it's just going to be a constant back and forth between the two crews. and that's not good for anyone. it's going to end up with bodies dropping, people being locked up, and it's just going to be bad for business all together. and this is why he stepped up to fl which was a very smart move, because he was trying to take out the 12th street boys from inside. he wanted them to work together, because he said he's all about business and money, and he was giving an opportunity to make even more money than he was making. and all he had to do was help him take out the one person who was holding them both back so he could become top dog. but this was for mel he was loyal to jmo because they went to school together and they've been boys since they were kids. but this starts to raise questions within the 50 boys when they start to question b mickey, why me chosen pop jamo? and they were saying, if he ain't gonna ride for his own brother, then what makes them think that he's gonna back them up? and this makes me, mickey tell me that they need to dead jaimo. but the thing is, nobody is even sure that he was responsible for putting the hit on terry. they're just acting on the word on the street, which lamar cleverly put out. but because the word on the street was people think that james was responsible, he had to respond. but as i said before, mitch wanted to find a way which would have resulted in bodies piling up and people getting locked up. and this was the second time in the episode where meech told me mickey to do what he [ __ ] said. now, be me kid's third in command for a reason, he told him earlier on in this episode, never to hire goons. and because they did, they lost the rec center because the 12th street boys bought them off and moved the 50 boys off their posts. and they needed to make a move. and as i said before, there will come a time where he wouldn't listen to me. so let's talk about jaymore being dropped and detective brian coming in with yet another favor for meege, bringing j-mo to him. but just before he handed jaime over to him, he told him, just ruffled his feathers, nothing else. and as we learned from detective brian's character description, the question is, how long can a person protecting and serving his community continue to play both sides of the fence. so the fact that jmo got popped in this situation after detective bryant specifically told meech not to, it's going to be another issue for mich but miesh tells jmo that this doesn't have anything to do with the move that he made on the rec center. it was about terry. but as pat told him in the last episode, that if anybody tries to step on your toes, you gotta back them the hell up. and meech was doing just that. but jmu said he ain't got [ __ ] to do with what happened with terry. it was just lamar cleverly planting misinformation because he knew that meech would have no choice but to respond, otherwise he'd look weak if he didn't. but mitch was never going to pull the trigger, because, as he said before, dead bodies equals the war as well as people getting locked up. but b miki did pull the trigger. and this is the problem here with b mickey, which i raised earlier on in this video. he wants to start making decisions, but meech told him, as long as he's running [ __ ]. he ain't making any calls. and while lamar planted the information, which resulted in mitch and b mickey killing james for lamar, he dealt with lamel. lamar really is crazy. he's willing to do anything to get back to the way things were before he went inside. and now he really has a clear path after jaime and flamel were killed in the mature moments. and i do think lamar has an even more violent and crazy side to him, and we haven't even touched the surface with what he's capable of. so this is definitely just the beginning with this character. but elsewhere in this episode, we saw lamar. he didn't have it all his way in this episode, because he went to go see his daughter, zoe, but she didn't want anything to do with him. and he took the advice that slick gave him after he told him that he needs to be a little more refined. there was nicole, who's meech's younger sister, who feels like the attention is always on the two brothers, and her mum and dad couldn't even remember her field trip. he gives her some cash, and he tells her not to tell mum or dad. but i'm sure this, sooner or later, will be found, just like the gun was, and it'll cause yet another disagreement, especially between charles and meech. we saw lucille telling meech to stop dealing drugs, because he's just going to end up with him either being dead or in jail. and a mother's love can only go so far, but when you're in, you're in. and that's his choice that he made. we had lucille who was praying for meech, and then we had zoe who was praying for lamar. and these are two characters who are definitely going to clash again at some point, especially with jaime are now being taken off the board. and there's also b mickey and cato, who will at some point get together. and this is something that could jeopardize the integrity of their whole crew. so keto and b mickey is definitely something to keep an eye on. but that was episode two. another very good episode, lamar, showing us just how crazy he is and how he's willing to do anything to get control of the streets. once again, there's going to be some issues with b mickey, and this has already been foreshadowed. and not just with meech, but when he gets with cato, which no doubt will happen at some point. but with the rec center being taken by the 12th street boys, mitch and terry are gonna have to come up with a new idea to move their product. and that's what we're gonna see next week. but let me know what you guys thought of episode 2 down below in the comments section. let me know what you guys think about lamar's character, because he really is crazy. so drop all your thoughts down on lamar's character down below in the comment section. but of course, if you're new to the channel, you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything bmf and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 