no more. sad boy. in flashpoint, berry is loving his new world, living at home like a loser and creepily stuck on that poor girl. Bosh's now Wally. Cisco is ballin. everyone's like this cake. then Barry loses memories as I made a huge mistake. yeah, reversing the death of returning to present were in subtly different. and that it's a fall for Cisco is sad. and iris ain't bad, and we'll see, is that. but he's dumber. ain't no with busting. it don't take too much to get everyone's fluff packing gears, though, because that's what it's like when you're dumpster right? breaking 23 EPS in a year. from since we feared Caitlin's mind been chopped and screwed with, torn between being a genius and an angry AC unit. now, boys in the cast now, when he blacks out Cohn alchemy and uses the Philosopher's Stone. in the biz, they call that synergy. they have mini playing even Joe gates again. man, this romance is ramping up. man. Cisco's girl, that's enough. 19 and nerdier. excuse that. Canada crossover action when the alien factions come to the city and invade and Jordan. after the errors cast, can relive the past abroad. it wouldn't be flashed without trying to catch his feet. sir, connected two pair. he don't have metal, though, he mr. Barry clone. you to put gel in his hair. and to stop the tragedy of Barry having an even worse do in the future, find an adorable physicist to build them as fevers. bazooka. get that alien jewel at the anthropomorphic shard. then freaky furnace, which rip HR Caitlin sweat skills, sabotage. mother mana teske Speed Force needs a prisoner for reasons. and Barry's gotta go. so let's postpone that wedding till next season. the show goes off the rails. ain't no reason to hate it. his mood. keep it tight. he still can't deny all the jobs and it created kill. it's nothing but checks in the bank. you we telling agents and execs to take. so the world at the steel mill - grocery bag in while Ryder's props in sound, Makdessi force bazooka back bed. and oh, sure that Bloods got inconsistencies. the 23 fzo this job security in Street, it's pickle and jobs, a guaranteed. but let's get back to the recap, cuz that's what y'all want to see. no more old flash, just Kid Flash, and he'll have the same essence. Mary comeback is praying as a whack. like a beautiful mind, makes less sense, crop-dusted a bustle, dimetric buttload of dark matter and gave her and the people a grab bag of powers, least now that they've got any faster. just stretch here like Ralphie here for my gum shooter, dumb dude, cartoonish laquifa, cuz that's what was missing. but that's what this show has come to, a fund a job for Jay and Silent Bob and Trejo to make cameos. I counsel the Bulls. just Cavanaugh workshopping his one-man show. and OS down in that ship will be making its next stop. though they have a same chemistry. is a damp rag and a wet mop. and I'm trying to just go with one small exception. not these appear from another dimension. it cause I've awaited that very Marisa sister. let's turn to the real threat that guy in the chair with the armrest. no need for speed, no letter, just tweet. that's riders taking a hard left. two casualties. the same catastrophe, the turn. demanding human Google. his master plans make it stupid fun. alright, that's what he says. okay, very strange for the murder of the boat. so he goes to the joint, buddies up with Goldberg and attempts a beard, but Davos mind swaps and wait, hunter folks. and his wife got the best one in Florida near meanwhile, blacksmithing really practice a British accent. and now Barry's outrun and flashed on route like none of this. half plan is unfolding me. telekinesis to stop them. it's a ferry incident. phobia to my ball, keeping that baby from pomp and and talk about stress parameters. mess. the evil is back in remission. then West I will to chicken in with the catchphrase, this house is bad chance. yeah, it's off-the-wall. this premise is insane. but with fun in its corn and Teen Choice Awards, can anyone really comply down set that sigh? fine nonsense to decide and realize that you're witnessing the crime Jesse. I'll one who wants his Broadway chops to keep cash in his wallet, tucked over my head and the odds, but his kid's gotta get through college and stuff that editors keep. it's a tease. people need employment there. why not take this wacky jog when they get a little enjoyment? says, write your tweets and blogs, as long as you keep watching. all these people keep their jobs. but that's not a bad thing. that was the fly of seasons 3 &amp; 4. y'all. this is recap reps, and they speak into it. this is kind of my job, you know. I live in a booth and I need to pay rent. so y'all gotta keep watching, dummy. hey, what's up y'all? thanks. watch. if you want to see another flash video, click the box to the left. or to see another dope video, pick the box on the right. well, we'll see you next week, unless something weird happens with the timeline that we all know about, until it actually happens, or for now, 