on a deserted highway, a heist crew driving three modified black fifth generation honda civic coupes, assault a truck carrying electronic goods, steal its cargo and escape into the night. the following day, a joint los angeles police department and fbi task force sends lapd officer brian o'connor undercover to locate the crew. he begins his investigation at terreto's market, ordering his regular tuna on white, no crust, and flirting with its owner, mia, sister of the infamous street racer dominic tiretto. while dominic sits in the back office reading a newspaper, dominic's crew, vince in a 1999 nissan maxima, leon in a 1995 nissan skyline gtr r33, jesse in a 1995 volkswagen jetta gls and his girlfriend, letty, arrives. vince, who has a crush on mia, starts a fight with brian, until dominic intervenes. that night, brian brings a modified 1995 mitsubishi eclipse to an illegal street race, hoping to find a lead on the heist crew. dominic arrives in his 1993 mazda rx-7 and initiates a drag race between himself, brian and two other drivers. lacking money, brian is forced to wager his car. dominic wins the race after brian's car malfunctions, but the lapd arrive before he can hand over his vehicle. brian, in his car, helps dominic escape, but they accidentally venture into the territory of dominic's old racing rival, gang leader johnny tran, and his cousin lance, who destroy brian's vehicle. later, dominic reiterates that brian still owes him a 10 second car. the two then walk back to dominic's house together, where an altercation between vince, who was upset that brian is at the house, and dominic, breaks out. brian brings a damaged 1994 toyota supra to dominic's garage as a replacement. dominic and his crew begin the long process of restoring the vehicle, and brian starts dating mia. he also begins investigating tran, convinced that he is the mastermind behind the truck hijackings. while investigating one of the garages at night, having driven a 1999 ford f-150 svt lightning, bryan is discovered by dominic and vince, who demand an explanation. brian convinces them that he is researching his opponent's vehicles for the upcoming desert race wars. together the trio investigate trans garage, discovering a large quantity of electronic goods. brian reports the discovery to his superiors, and tran and lance are arrested. while the toyota supra is restored and built, the raid fails. however, when the electronics are proved to have been purchased legally, brian is forced to confront his suspicion that dominic is the true mastermind. brian is given 36 hours to find the heist crew, as the truckers are now arming themselves to defend against the hijackings. the following day, dominic and brian attend race wars. after test driving the newly built supra off us. route 101. at race wars, jesse wagers his father's mk3 volkswagen jetta gls against tran in his honda s2000, but flees with the car. after he loses, tran demands dominic recover the vehicle and accuses him of reporting him to the police. enraged, dominic beats up tran. later that night, brian witnesses dominic and his crew leaving and realizes that they are the hijackers. he reveals his true identity to mia and convinces her to help him find the crew. dominic letty, vince and leon attack a semi-trailer truck, intending it to be their final heist. the armed driver shoots vince and runs letty off the road. brian arrives with mia and rescues vince. he is forced to reveal his identity to call in emergency medical care to save vince. dominic, mia and the rest of the crew leave before the authorities can arrive. some time later, brian arrives at dominic's house to apprehend him as he is getting his father's 1970 dodge charger rt out of the garage. he demands brian leave since he is not running, but is going to rescue jesse, who has no one else to look after him. instead, jesse arrives at his house and pleads for protection. tran and lance ride by on motorbikes and shoot jessie dead for reneging on their bet, hitting the volkswagen in the process. ryan and dominic give chase in their separate vehicles, finding and killing tran and injuring lance. bryan then pursues dominic, with them both eventually acquiescing to a quarter-mile drag race. the pair barely cross a railroad before an oncoming freight train passes, which ends the race in a draw. but dominick crashes his car into a truck, injuring him. instead of arresting him, brian gives the keys to his own car to dominic, asserting that he still owes him a 10-second car from their first race. dominic escapes in the supra as brian walks away. in a post-credit scene, dominic is seen driving through baja california, mexico in a 1970 chevrolet chevelle ss. after letting dominic tereto escape from the authorities, former lapd officer brian o'connor flees from los angeles to escape prosecution. he subsequently relocates to miami and makes a living participating in illegal street races driving a heavily modified silver nissan skyline gtr r34. the races are organized by his local mechanic friend, taj parker. after winning a race, the police show up and brian is arrested. he is taken into custody, but given a deal by his former boss fbi agent bilkins and u.s customs agent markham to go undercover and bring down argentinian drug lord carter verone, in exchange for clearance of his criminal record. agent monica fuentes, who has been undercover with varon for a year, agrees to assist bringing brian in to the organization. brian agrees on the condition that he is given permission to choose his own partner. this prompts brian to travel to barstow, where he enlists the help of childhood friend, roman pearce, who served jail time for housing stolen cars in a garage and currently makes a living as a demolition derby driver. roman, currently on parole, gets into a brief fight and blames brian for his arrest, but reluctantly agrees to help in exchange for the same deal brian was offered for their mission, they are issued two confiscated modified cars, a mitsubishi lancer evolution 7 and the mitsubishi eclipse spyder. gts. roman and brian are later hired by verone, who tasks the duo to compete against rival drivers to obtain a package from a confiscated ferrari located in a lot. during the race, some of the hired drivers crash, while a few are injured by big rigs. marcum, who mistakenly thinks that the duo is trying to run away, follows them to the lot. the police ambush spooks roman, who shoots at markham to help maintain his cover. roman later confronts the agent for interfering with the mission. brian is able to salvage the situation, telling billikens that varone is allegedly aiming to launder his money in miami before escaping on his private jet. brian and roman challenge a pair of muscle car drivers they raced when competing for varron's hiring for pink slips. despite engine and power output handicaps, they win the race and obtain the rival cars, a 1969 yenko camaro syc and a 1970 dodge challenger rt. roman later confronts brian about the constant threat of veronese men. however, they patch up their differences and focus on completing the mission. at the vip section of a nightclub, brian and roman witness verone torturing mpd detective whitworth into giving his men a window of opportunity to make their getaway. the next morning, monica warns them that they will be killed once the drop is made. despite this, markham refuses to call off the job, claiming that it is their one chance to catch ferrone. on the day of the mission, brian and roman begin transporting duffel bags of veron's money, with veronese associates enrique and roberto riding alongside to accompany them. before the window is set, whitworth decides to call in the police to move in for an arrest of the drivers of the cars used by brian and roman. this results in a high speed chase across the city, with bilkins and us. customs also tracking them. the duo leads the police to a warehouse, where a scramble by dozens of street racers organized by tej disorients the police. following the scramble, the police managed to pull over the evo and the eclipse, only to find out that they were driven by tej and tsuki. as it turns out, the duo had switched cars and had escaped in the two muscle cars they had won earlier. as brian approaches the destination point in his camaro. enrique tells him to take the tarpon point marina exit instead of heading to the airfield. meanwhile, roman gets rid of roberto by using an improvised ejector seat in his challenger powered by nitrous oxide. at the airfield, customs agents have varon's plane and convoy surrounded, only to discover they have been duped into a decoy maneuver. while verone is at a boatyard several miles away, varon reveals he knew monica was an undercover agent and purposely gave her wrong information on the destination point. when brian arrives at the marina, varon forces monica onto his private yacht and orders enrique to kill brian. as enrique prepares to kill him, brian's ejector seat fails, but roman suddenly appears and helps brian to incapacitate enrique. varon makes his escape, but brian and roman use the camaro to drive off a ramp. crashing on top of the yacht, brian shoots and wounds varon, who is then arrested by monica. marcum grants brian and roman full pardons, and in return, roman turns over the second half of her own's money. the two agreed to stay in miami, and brian suggests opening a garage funded by a cut of varone's money. roman kept for themselves. oro valley, arizona, troubled high school student sean boswell and athlete clay, raced their cars, a 1971 chevrolet monte carlo and a 2003 dodge viper, to win the affection of clay's girlfriend, cindy. when sean cuts through a structure and catches up to clay, clay, desperate to win, hits shawn's car repeatedly until they reach a high speed turn, which causes both cars to crash. clay and cindy's wealthy families help them escape punishment. but because sean is a repeat offender, he is sent to live in tokyo, japan with his father, a u.s navy officer stationed in tokyo, in order to avoid juvenile detention or jail. while in tokyo, sean befriends twinkie, a military brat, who introduces him to the world of drift racing. in japan, sean has a confrontation with takashi, the drift king, aka, dk over sean talking to takashi's girlfriend, nila. though barred from driving, sean decides to race against takashi, who has ties to the yakuza and drives a 2003 nissan 350z. sean in a 2001 nissan sylvia s15 spec s loaned by a racer named han, but loses his first race with takashi due to his unfamiliarity with drifting. to repay his debt for the car he destroyed, sean agrees to work for han, who drives a 1997 mazda rx-7. this leads to the duo becoming friends, with han agreeing to teach sean how to drift, explaining that he is helping him because sean is the only person willing to stand up to takashi. shan moves in with han and soon masters drifting by practicing in a 2006 mitsubishi evo, gaining respect after defeating dk's right-hand man morimoto. sean soon asks nila out on a date and learns that after her mother died, she moved in with takashi's grandmother, which resulted in their relationship. an enraged takashi beats sean up the next day, telling him to stay away from nila. nila subsequently leaves takashi and moves in with sean and han. takashi's uncle, kamada, the head of the yakuza, reprimands takashi for allowing han to steal from him. takashi and amuramoto confront han, sean and nila about the thefts. twinkie causes a distraction, allowing han sean and nila to flee, who are then pursued by takashi and morimoto. during the chase, morimoto is killed in a crash, leaving takashi to pursue the trio on his own. han allows sean to overtake him in order to hold takashi off, but the chase ends when shawn and neela crash. meanwhile, moments after escaping from takashi, han's car is t-boned, and the car explodes before sean has a chance to save han. takashi, sean and his father become involved in an armed standoff, which is resolved by nila agreeing to leave with takashi. shan's father prepares to send him back, but sean pleads him to let him fix his own mess. his father then agrees and makes amends with him. twinkie gives his money to sean to replace the money that han stole from takashi, which sean then returns to kamada. sean proposes a race against takashi, with the loser having to leave tokyo. kamada agrees to the challenge, but on the condition that the race take place on a mountain, revealed to be the mountain where takashi himself is the only person to make it down successfully. sean and han's crew restore sean's father's 1967 ford mustang fastback to drift specification using several components of the previously wrecked sylvia, including the engine. that night on the mountain, crowds gather to see the race. takashi takes the lead initially, but shawn's training allows him to catch up. determined to win, takashi resorts to ramming sean's car, eventually missing and driving off the mountain. while shawn crosses the finish line with takashi's car almost falling on him in the process. kamada keeps his word and lets shawn remain in tokyo, and is now christened the new drift king. some time later, nila, twinkie and sean are enjoying themselves in their newfound home place and freedom. dominic toretto shows up to challenge sean, and he accepts after the american proclaims himself as han's family. five years after escaping from the u.s, dominic tiretto and his new crew, consisting of his girlfriend, letty tego, rico, cara and han, are hijacking fuel tankers in the dominican republic. dom suspects that the police are on their trail, forcing the crew to disband and go their separate ways, with han deciding to go to tokyo. realizing that he must leave, dom runs, leaving letty behind to protect herself from harm. three months later, dom is now residing in panama city. he gets a call from his sister, mia toretto, who tells him that letty has been murdered. dom heads back to los angeles to attend her funeral and examine the crash, and finds traces of nitromethane on the ground. he visits the only car mechanic that sells nitromethane in la. and forces him into giving him the name david park, the man who ordered the fuel and informs him that the only car that uses nitro methane in the area is a green 1972 ford gran torino sport. meanwhile, fbi agent brian o'connor is trying to track down a mexican drug lord, arturo braga. his search leads him to david park, and he tracks him down using an illegal modification record on his car. dom arrives at park's apartment first and hangs him out of the window by his ankles before brian arrives. brian saves park, and park becomes the fbi's new informant. park gets brian into a street race. brian selects a modified 2002 nissan skyline gtr r34 from the impound lot. dom races in his modified 1970 chevrolet chevelle. ss, giselle yashar, the liaison for braga, reveals that the winner will become the last driver on a team that traffics heroin between the mexico and united states border. dom wins by bumping brian's car while it is in nitro, making him lose control. brian uses his power as an fbi agent to arrest another driver and takes his place on the team. the team meets up with braga's personal henchman, phoenix. and dom notices that phoenix drives the same torino the mechanic described. they drive across the border using tunnels to avoid detection. dom confronts phoenix and learns that he himself killed bloody when she tried to escape him. a standoff ensues, though not before dom creates a diversion by loosening his car with nitrous, sparking a vehicle explosion that destroys his car and several others, including brian's. in the ensuing chaos, dom and brian hijack a 1999 hummer h1 with 60 million dollars worth of heroin in it. dom and brian drive back to la and hide the heroine in a police impound lot, where brian picks up a modified subaru impreza wrx sti hatchback. they subsequently drive back to dom's house where they reunite with mia. dom finds out brian was the last person to have contact with letty, which results in dom attacking brian, until he explains that letty was working undercover. she was tracking down braga in exchange for clearing dominic's record. brian tells his superiors that in exchange for dominic's pardon, he will lure braga into a trap, forcing him to show up to exchange money for the heroine. at the drop site, the man who claims to be braga is revealed as a decoy, and campos, the real braga, escapes with phoenix, and the pair flee to mexico. in the ensuing chaos, phoenix nearly runs over giselle before dom saves her. brian and dom travel to mexico to catch braga with the help of gisele, who gives them directions as a favor in return for dom saving her life. brian and dom find him at a church and apprehend him. as braga's henchmen try to rescue him. ryan and dom drive through the tunnels back to the united states. brian crashes his car after taking fire from braga's men. he is then injured after being t-boned by phoenix. before phoenix can kill brian, dom drives into phoenix and kills him. as police and helicopters approach the crash site on the american side of the border, brian tells dom to leave, but dom refuses, saying he is not running anymore. despite brian's request for clemency, the judge sentences dom to 25 years in prison. brian resigns from the fbi, and dom boards a bus that will transport him to prison. as the bus drives down the road, brian, mia and the rest of the crew arrive in their cars to intercept it. as dominic tiredo is being transported to prison by bus, his sister mia toretto and friend brian o'connor lead an assault on the bus, freeing dom. while the authorities search for them, the trio escapes to rio de janeiro, awaiting dom's arrival. mia and brian join their friend vince and other participants on a job to steal three cars from a train. brian and mia discover that agents from the u.s drug enforcement administration are also on the train and that the cars are seized property. when dom arrives at the train with his accomplices, he realizes that their leader, zizi, is only interested in stealing one car, a ford gt40. dom has mia steal the car herself before he and brian fight zz and his henchmen, during which zz kills the dea agents assigned to the vehicles. dom and brian are captured and brought to crimelord hernan reyes, the owner of the cars and aziz's boss. reyes orders the pair interrogated to discover the location of the car, but they managed to escape and retreat to their safe house. while brian, dom and mia examine the car to discover its importance. vince arrives and is caught trying to remove a computer chip from it. he admits he was planning to sell the chip to reyes on his own, and dom forces him to leave. bryan investigates the chip and discovers it contains the complete financial details of reyes's criminal empire, including the locations of 100 million dollars in u.s cash. diplomatic security service agent luke hobbs and his team arrive in rio to arrest dom and brian. with the help of local officer elena neves, they travel to dom's safe house, but find it under assault by reyes's men searching for the chip. brian, dom and mia escape. dom suggests they split up and leave rio, but mia announces she is pregnant with brian's child. dom agrees to stick together and suggests they steal the money from reyes to start a new life. they organize a team to perform the heist, which includes han roman, tej giselle, leo and santos. vince later joins the team after saving mia from being captured by reyes's men. since it would be difficult to steal from 10 different locations, dom's team attack one of those locations and burn 10 million dollars in front of reyes's staff. afraid of further attacks, reyes consolidates the remaining 90 million in a new vault inside a police station. dom's team buys cars and equipment and creates a plan to steal the money. hobbs and his team eventually find and arrest dom mia, brian and vince. while transporting them to the airport for extradition to the united states, the convoy is attacked by reyes's men, who kill hobbs team. hobbs and elena are saved by dom brian, mia and vince, who escape the assault, but vince is fatally shot. wanting to avenge his murdered team, hobbs and elena agree to help with the heist. the gang break into the police station and tear the vault holding reyes's money from the building using their cars, dragging it through the city. after an extensive police chase, dom has brian continue on without him while he attacks the police and the pursuing reyes, using the vault attached to his car to smash their vehicles. brian returns and kills zizi, while reyes is badly injured by dom's assault. hobbs arrives on the scene and executes reyes. though hobbs refuses to let dom and brian go free, he gives them a 24-hour head start to escape, on the condition that they leave the vault as it is. however, the vault is empty, as it had been switched during the chase. after splitting the cache, dom's team go their separate ways on a tropical beach. brian challenges dom to a final no stakes race to prove who is the better driver. in a mid-credits scene, hobbs is given a file by monica fuentes concerting the hijack of a military convoy in berlin, where he discovers a recent photo of dom's former girlfriend, letty, who had been presumed dead [Music] following their successful heist in brazil. dominic tereto and his professional criminal crew have fled around the world and are living peacefully. dom lives with elena neves, his sister, mia toretto lives with brian o'connor and their son jack. giselle yashar and han solo are together. and roman pearce and tej parker live in luxury. meanwhile, dss agents luke hobbs and riley hicks investigate the destruction of a russian military convoy by a crew led by former british sas major and special ops soldier owen shaw. hobbs persuades dom to help capture shaw by showing him a photo of his supposedly murdered girlfriend, letty. dom and his crew accept the mission in exchange for their amnesty and allowing them to return to the united states. in london, shaw's hideout is found, but this is revealed to be a trap, distracting them and the police, while shaw's crew performs a heist at an interpol building. shaw flees by car, detonating his hideout and disabling most of the police, leaving dom and his crew, along with hobbs and riley, to pursue him. lety arrives to help shaw, shooting dom without hesitation before escaping. back at their headquarters, hobbes tells dom's crew that shaw is stealing components to create a deadly device, intending to sell it to the highest bidder. meanwhile, shaw's investigation into the opposing crew reveals letty's relationship with dom, but she is revealed to be suffering from amnesia. dom's crew learns that shaw is connected to a drug lord who was imprisoned by brian arturo braga. brian returns to los angeles as a prisoner to question braga, who says letty survived the explosion that seemingly killed her. shaw took her in after discovering her amnesia. with fbi's help, brian is released from prison. regrouping with the team in london, dom challenges letty in a street racing competition. afterward, he returns her cross necklace he had kept. after letty leaves, shaw offers dom a chance to walk away, threatening to otherwise hurt his family, but dom refuses tej tracks shaw's next attack to a spanish nato base. shah's crew assaults a highway military convoy carrying a computer chip to complete his device. dom's crew interferes, while shaw, accompanied by letty, commandeers a tank, destroying cars on route. brian and roman flip the tank before it causes further damage, resulting in letty being thrown from the vehicle, though dom saves her. shaw and his crew are captured, but reveal mia has been kidnapped by shaw's henchmen. hobbes is forced to release shaw and riley, who is revealed to be shaw's covert accomplice, leaves with him. leti chooses to remain with dom. shaw's group boards a moving antonov an-124 on an exceptionally long runway. as dom's crew gives chase. dom letty and brian board the craft. brian rescues mia, escaping in an alpha romeo julieta. the plane attempts to take off, but is held down by excess weight. as the rest of the team tethered the plane to their vehicles. giselle sacrifices herself to save han from shaw's henchmen. letty kills riley and escapes with hobbs to safety, but dom pursues shaw and the computer chip. as the plane crashes into the ground, shaw is thrown from it, and dom drives a car out of the exploding plane. dom reunites with his crew and gives the chip to hobbs to secure their pardons. dom and the others return to his old family home in los angeles, where dom and his crew have a gathering to share a meal. meanwhile, hobbs and elena work together arrive to confirm the crew's freedom, and elena accepts that dom loves letty. in a mid-credits scene, han is involved in a car chase when he is suddenly broadsided by an oncoming car. the driver walks away after leaving letty's crossed necklace by the crash, and calls dom, saying, dominic tyrell, you don't know me, you're about to. as han's car explodes, apparently killing han. after defeating owen shaw and his crew and securing amnesty for their past crimes, dominic tiredo, brian o'connor and the rest of their team have returned to the united states to live peaceful, normal lives again. brian begins to accustom himself to life as a father, while dom tries to help letty ortiz regain her memory. meanwhile, owen's older brother. deckard breaks into the secure hospital in london where the comatose owen is being held, before breaking into dss office in los angeles to extract profiles of dom's crew. after revealing his identity, deckard engages luke hobbs in a fight and escapes when he detonates a bomb that severely injures hobbs. dom later learns from his sister, mia toretto, that she is pregnant again, and convinces her to tell brian. however, a letter bomb sent from tokyo explodes and destroys the toretto house. just seconds after, han, a member of dom's team, is apparently killed by deckard in tokyo. dom travels to tokyo to reclaim han's body and acquires personal items found at han's crash site from han's friend sean boswell as dom, brian tej parker and roman pearce mourn han and gesell yashar's deaths at han's funeral in los angeles. dom, in a 1970 plymouth roadrunner, confronts deckard in a 2014 maserati ghibli in an underground tunnel. deckard flees when a covert ops team arrives and opens fire, led by a man only known as mr nobody at his airbase of operations in san diego. mr nobody says that he will help dom in stopping deckard if he helps him get god's eye, a computer program that uses digital devices to track down a person. mr nobody also wants dom to help save god's eye's creator, a hacker named ramsay, from a nigerian terrorist named mosaic akande. dom brian leddy roman and tej airdrop their off-road modified cars over the caucasus mountains in azerbaijan ambush jakande's convoy and rescue ramsay. and they go to abu dhabi and steal the flash drive containing the godzi chip from a billionaire hidden in a lycan hypersport with god's eye near telecommunications repeaters. dom brian, mr nobody and his team track down and capture deckard, but are ambushed by jakande and his henchmen and are forced to flee, while jacondi obtains god's eye as the injured. mr nobody calls for medical attention. the team returns to los angeles, where dom plans to single-handedly fight deckard alone, while letty bryan, tej and roman resolve to protect ramsay from jakande. later on, brian promises mia that he will fully dedicate himself to their family after he defeats deckard and chikande. as jakande pursues brian and the rest of the team with a stealth helicopter and an aerial drone, ramsay attempts to hack into god's eye. hobbs, discovering the situation, leaves the hospital and destroys the drone with an ambulance. brian battles and kills jakande's henchmen before hijacking a signal repeater tower, allowing ramsay to regain control of god's eye and shut it down. meanwhile, dom in his 1970 dodge charger, and deckard in a 2005 aston martin db9, engage in a one-on-one brawl on top of a public parking garage. jakande soon intervenes and attacks them both. dom uses the distraction to defeat deckard by causing part of the parking garage to collapse beneath him. dom then attempts to crash his car onto jakande's helicopter. he leaves a bag of grenades on the helicopter and crashes on the rubble of the garage. hobbs then shoots the grenades, destroying the helicopter and killing jakande. after brian and hobbes help letty bring out dom's unconscious body, she cradles him and fully regains all her memories by remembering their wedding. dom eventually regains consciousness. after letty tells him this. deckard is taken into custody by hobbs and locked away in a secret, high security cia prison. the rest of the team relaxes on a tropical beach. brian and mia play with their son jack, while dom leddy, roman taj and ramsay look on, acknowledging that brian is happily retired with his family. dom in a 1968 dodge charger and brian in a 1995 toyota supra, drive away, and dom remembers all the times he had with brian. they bit each other farewell by giving one last smile and drive off in separate directions. [Music], following the defeat of deckard shaw and moses akande, dominic tereto and letty ortiz are on their honeymoon in havana. when dom's cousin, fernando, gets in trouble owing money to local racer raldo. sensing raldo is a loan shark, dom challenges raldo to a race, pitting fernando's 1950 chevrolet fleet line against raldo's 1956 ford fairlane crown victoria, and wagering his own 1961 chevrolet impala. after narrowly winning the race and destroying the fleet line in the process, dom allows raldo to keep his car, saying his respect is enough, and leaves his cousin with his own car. the next day, an elusive cyber terrorist named cipher coerces dom into working for her by showing him an unseen photo or video on her phone. shortly afterward, dss agent luke hobbs recruits dom and his team, comprising of letty, roman, pierce, tej parker and ramsay, to help him retrieve an emp device from a military outpost in berlin. during the getaway, dom goes rogue, forcing hobbs off the road and stealing the device for cipher. hobbs gets arrested and locked up in the same high security prison which holds deckard shaw. after deckard and hobbes both escaped the prison. intelligence operative mr nobody and his protege, eric reisner, recruits deckard and hobbes to help the team find dom and capture cipher. deckard reveals that cipher had hired his brother owen to steal the nightshade device, and mozachikande to steal god's eye, ramsay's software program from the last movie. the team tracks dom and cipher to their place, moments before the latter two attack the base, causing injuries to the team and stealing god's eye. roman suggests that they call brian in to help them on why dom betrayed the team, but letty rejects the idea as they made a promise not to bring him and mia into any more dangerous activities for the sake of their children. when dom questions cipher's motives, she reveals that she has held hostage dom's ex-lover and dss agent, elena neves, and their son, of whose existence dom was unaware. elena tells dom that she wanted him to decide the child's first name, having already given him the middle name marcus. in new york city, cipher sends dom in a 1971 plymouth gtx to retrieve a nuclear football held by the russian minister of defense. prior to the theft, dom briefly evades cipher with the help of raldo, and persuades deckard and owen's mother, magdalene to help him. cipher hacks into the electronic system of many cars, remotely controlling them via autodrive, causing them to disable the convoy so that dom can take the football. the team intercepts dom in their vehicles, but dom escapes, shooting and seemingly killing deckard in the process. leddy catches up to dom, but is ambushed and nearly killed by cipher's enforcer, connor rhodes, before dom stops him from killing letty. in retaliation, cipher has rhodes execute a tied up elena in front of a helpless dom. dom in a 1968 dodge charger, infiltrates a military separatist base in russia to use the emp device to disable their security and to disable a nuclear submarine, enabling cipher to hijack it and attempt to use its arsenal to trigger a nuclear war. they are once again intercepted by the team, who were able to shut down the sub's nuclear weapons and drive out toward the sea gate that would prevent the sub from leaving into open waters, while being pursued by the separatists. meanwhile, deckard, who faked his death, teams up with owen and at magdalene's behest infiltrate cipher's plane to rescue dom's son. once deckard reports that the child is safe, dom turns on cypher and kills rhodes before rejoining his team. infuriated, cipher fires an infrared homing missile at dom, but he breaks away from his team and maneuvers around it, causing the missile to hit the submarine instead, causing an explosion that destroys dom's vehicle. the team quickly forms a vehicular blockade around dom, shielding him from the ensuing explosion. as the submarine is destroyed, deckard reaches the front of the plane and confronts cipher, who escapes by jumping from the plane with a parachute. mr nobody and his protege visit dom and his team in new york city to report that cipher is still at large. in athens, hobbs has his record cleared and has offered his dss job back, but he declines. in order to spend more time with his daughter. deckard delivers dom his son, putting his differences aside with dom and hobbes. dom names his son brian and celebrates with his friends in london. hattie shaw and her team of mi6 agents attempt to retrieve a programmable super dubbed snowflake from terrorist organization etion. brixton lore an etion, operative with cybernetic implants that allow him to perform superhuman feats, arrives and kills all the agents, except hattie, who injects snowflake into herself before escaping. brixton frames hattie for killing her team and stealing snowflake, forcing her to go on the run. luke hobbs and deckard shaw, hattie's brother, are both informed of the missing virus and are reluctantly assigned to work together to track it down. after a brief meeting at a cia black site at leaden hall building, deckard goes to hattie's house for information, while hobbs manages to find hattie. after a brief scuffle, he brings her to the cia office. as deckard then returns, the office is attacked, and hattie is taken by brixton, whom deckard recognizes as an old colleague turned enemy. he'd previously shot and supposedly killed. hobbs and deckard pursue and rescue hattie during an ensuing car chase, managing to escape from brixton, who crashes into a double-decker bus. however, brixton frames all three as traitors via etion's control of global news media. the three locate professor and draco, snowflake's creator, who informs them that to prevent snowflake from eradicating humanity, hattie, while the virus is still dormant, must either be killed or have the virus removed with a specialized extraction device located in etienne's headquarters in chernobyl after flying undercover to moscow and rendezvousing with deckard's girlfriend margarita to re-arm, the three infiltrate the facility. however, andrako is killed and the device is damaged during their escape. hobbs takes the trio to his childhood home in samoa to visit his estranged brother, jonah, a talented mechanic, to repair the device and lay low before confronting brixton again. hobbes has a tense reunion with his family, but jonah is eventually persuaded to help them by their mother. the makeshift battalion prepares for etion's arrival, setting up a variety of traps around the island. jonah successfully repairs the device and starts the virus extraction just as brixton and his army arrive at daybreak. in the ensuing battle, all of brixton's soldiers are defeated. brixton retakes hattie via helicopter. however, hobbs, deckard and the samoans bring the aircraft down. working together, hobbs and deckard defeat brixton, who was remotely terminated afterward by etienne's director. hobbes and deckard send a message to the director, promising to find them, in particular, hobbs, whom he claims to have a history with. the group celebrates their victory in mid and post-credit scenes, hobbs brings his daughter to meet their extended family in samoa. deckard and hattie are implied to bust their mother out of prison. and hobbes receives a call from his partner, locke, informing him that he had broken into a facility and discovered another virus worse than the snowflake virus 