[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna speed through the 2018 hunt themed slasher Hellfest. let's get to it. we opened on orange groves Community horror night. three young ladies are practically getting their pants scared off at a fairly elaborate haunted house. they run and scream and have an all-around lovely time, until they get disoriented and split off. this lone lady finds herself confronted by a scarer who has been following her all night and giving her the willies. she asks to be left alone, but instead gets stabbed in the gut, the opposite of being left alone, and has turned into a decoration for everyone to enjoy. the narrative then shifts to NAT greeted by her old friend Brooke, who she's come to visit, and apparently is living with Nats frenemy Taylor, who does, in fact need to be taken in small doses. this initial awkwardness is resolved by the power of their friendship necklaces, which make everything all better. we come to find that Nats romantic interest, Gavin, has scored them all VIP tickets to Hellfest, a traveling haunt. we meet Brookes boyfriend, Quinn, an event that truly does not matter, and then we're off on the way. we get next positional conversation that confirms the events of the cold open occurred three years prior and are well known. they meet the final two members of their group, Asher and Gavin, have some classic young adult conversating, do some pre gaming, and then head into what must be an incredibly lucrative business not far behind the mentors, who we're left to assume will be our slasher for the evening. we arrive back with our group, who seem to love chatting and provide expositional dialog that informs us the haunt is set up with a series of progressively scarier mazes, some of which have to be completed before getting to the final maze, Hellfest, a McCamey manner style haunt where anything and everything goes so prepare to be touched. meanwhile, the stalker starts feeling out his potential victims, like the creeper, getting off on turning out the fearless. he picks up a casually available knife and gets to work. our protagonists VIP their way into the first house, where they continue to talk incessantly. and then have a scare Tosh that figures out the formula to the maze, eradicating the general sense of wonder and ruining the scares. in the final room, they cross paths with the sassy lady from before, who's now running scared. nat, now free of fear, attracts the stalkers attention before directing him to his victim and then egging him on and staring him down as he murders her. NAT is momentarily disturbed, until she steps outside and witnesses a similar, clearly fake instance of a stabbing by a scarer. we then find ourselves locked in our own health fast as the group continues to walk and banter, NAT and Gavin finally overcome their awkwardness and start making some racy photo. in the picture booth, Brooke witnesses the stalker stalk off with them, so she chases him down. she acts hard, but we see the fear in her eyes as she's confronted with paralyzing loneliness. in mild singing, having talked enough, it's now time for the Deadlands, the prerequisite maids for Hellfest. beforehand, gavin tries to counteract his prior poor performance with the carnival games. when he can't buy a prize straight up, he pathetically resorts to stealing our stalker confronts him the locker room, where he's told to get out of there and also to have a nice trip. his problem is your stupid face in the stalker now has Gavin's phone. the rest of them take a ride to the Deadlands, where they have a confrontation with a whole group of similarly masked men. the men disperse, and the group is led off by several burlap children. they opt for his-and-her mazes, the dudes looking for an experience that's more extreme. the girls are stalked, and then gets split up in disorient and leading to another confrontation. but not wisely, declines to invite him in, and manages to group up with her friends, except Asher. he fell behind, and we see him get slow stabbed in the eyeball. hey, that is extreme. I guess I'll just have to catch up. neck gets splurged upon and goes to clean up. while drying her hair, she gets Buffalo building, but doesn't notice this one's just for us. she think it's a full-on confrontation in the bathroom stall, requiring her to crawl along the ground in a disgusting manner. but it ends up being kind of worth it, because she manages to get away. she engages security, who has the safety and well-being of their guests as a top priority, with the secondary priority of being obstinate and belittling. outside, after realizing for the first time that Asher's missing, they get distracted by a stage show starring Tony Todd Taylor, unable to ignore her love of pomp and pageantry, has volunteered to be guillotine. it's a fake out for the crowd. but backstage, she finds herself in a more dire situation as the prop laid is dropped on her neck. she manages to escape. as the slasher sets up for a second try, he runs her down and stabs her and then Quinn, in full view of the public. and this time no one mistakes it for a fake for some reason, the crowd goes into a panic. while security puts the park on lockdown. the ladies head for an exit, even though it's not marked as such, but then find themselves inside health fest itself. oh man, if only they had no oh, well, I guess they're gonna have to own that one. once again, that figures out the fundamentals of the haunt. now, careful to avoid the lasers, they hide away, only to discover their phones have no reception with the main entrance now block. they realize they have no choice but to venture deeper into the crevasse. they call upon the power of the friendship necklace and begin their dark journey. they find some prop torches that work as makeshift bludgeons, and begin working their way through the doll room gives them trouble, however, when Brooke gets her hammy shredded with an axe, they hide in a dead-end room, which the stalker adeptly figures out. unfortunately, the secret door triggers a congratulatory recording that wasn't playing before, so he knows he didn't find it. he picks wrong when he buries his axe into a mannequin. but then NAT also picks wrong when she starts to pummel him with a paper mache prop. as Brooke gobbles off this doll Kerr pursues Brooke, but is also pursued by NAT, who he didn't bother to double tap in traditional fashion, in a fantastic turn of luck for the ladies. the stalker manages to trigger the very door NAT was hiding behind, allowing her to manage a little pokey pokey between his ribs. however, since she's an amateur, he likely only sustained a hesitation wound, because when the police charge in, he's gone. that leaves NAT and Brooke wondering what this means for them, and hoping their friendship charms level up to a point where he can neutralize their crushing anxiety. meanwhile, we get a rare insight into the killer's personal life, showing that he lives in a nice suburban home and has a family, only going out on a murder spree every few years when the compulsion overwhelms him, just like normal people. and that was Hellfest, a pretty decent movie released in 2018. on an unrelated note, I did want to officially thank everyone who subscribed to the channel. I don't typically outright ask for subscribers at the end of my videos because I figured at this point people know what to do if they enjoy the content. but if you do watch and enjoy it, it is nice to know that you're out there. so thank you. it is truly appreciated. and if you're not subscribed, I would love for you to be a part of the channel. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 