listen, I really liked all three of these. let me explain. so if there's one thing that these two have in common, it's the box office narrative that's been going around because of it. something that fleabag doesn't have to deal with since it was streaming. but on the week of both of these openings, I read more articles talking about how they stumbled at the box office. and people were actually talking about the movie itself. I heard people blaming book-smart and its release date, because it decided to go wide right away, as opposed to releasing it in limited theaters first, which is something I always say, being stationed in Chicago. but when late-night decided to go limited, it worked even less. I know that there's this whole cinema versus streaming debate going on right now, and I do get the dream of wanting to see your movie at a theater. but the question is, how do you get the general audience to pay the same price for an indie that they did a two billion dollar blockbuster? I mean, if we look at the streaming numbers, we see more people are starting to stream at home. and you can ask people who hate paying $12 to go see a movie at the theater with a lot of noxious people. then there's even the theater chains themselves that have acknowledged the problem and are trying to fix it. AMC has this new thing they're doing called artisan films, where they highlight certain independent movies to give them an extra push by, I guess, adding a logo to the poster. now I don't know what constitutes something as being more artisan than another, but what I do know is that AMC has done this exact program before with a different name. so I don't know what's gonna happen here, but what I do wish is that there was another way to release a movie and that it can reach the widest audience possible. you know, if it could cut down on distribution, if they didn't have to spend 33 million dollars on marketing Late, Late Night did, and it didn't even bring back a quarter of that. now, I really like these movies, and I've seen the multiple times in theaters, which is why I've always thought that the numbers, the the projections were, we're kind of off. because you're comparing book-smart to others, like it did pretty well, even compared to its own numbers. I didn't expect it to beat Aladdin, which was, for some reason, the narrative. but the irony of setting these crazy financial expectations on a movie that's about these two girls trying to subvert their own expectations, it's quite fascinating. I always thought projections were supposed to be made by professionals who would have seen that Annapurna rarely makes a hundred back unless they got a partner love their movies. not the greatest at spreading the word, but that's okay, because I believe that both of these movies will find its audience and be successful once they're on the streaming platforms that bought the rights for it. so, the super bad comparison, I've actually been watching a lot more insecure season 3 right now, and book-smart reminds me a lot about that one, with how blunt both of the art but I understand the super bad comparison. I have heard people, you know, kind of be upset, acting like it's disrespectful to compare book-smart to another successful team movie. but people also thought it was disrespectful to call peeled the next Kubrick and not the first peel. meanwhile, Pele was dressed as Jack Torrance during interviews. so I personally see it as a compliment, because it's not the only movie this year that's a lot like super bad, trust me. and the story itself precedes super bad. anyways, the story of two friends at the end of their senior year, who never got frisky during high school, so they set out to smash that summer with a specific person in mind, before college, everyone at the school has pegged them as losers. they have the quirky third friend who gets them in trouble. they're trying to get to a party throughout the entire movie. when they finally do, the main to have a fight as they realize that they're about to go their separate ways after high school. they both have characters who try to do it at a party, and it ends up really awkward, and then they end up getting arrested. there's this, there's that. there's the fact that these two are siblings. and the thing is, I think you can still enjoy both. how dare you say that about my best friend? you [ __ ] slap my biggest grab. but the movie is really the name. Superbad is engaging. I would get two tickets for that. but when I searched up book-smart on IMDB, I get other short dramas about literary geniuses appearing. when asked mine on film friends about this movie, they actually thought it was a chess prodigy movie. but even pawn sacrifice had a better name than that. either way, it is a junior price for me. like I said, I've seen it multiple times since I caught it at South by Southwest. and I think it gets funnier. I remember when I graduated, and there was a couple of people who were like them, that had dedicated their lives to school, sacrificed all parties, spun relationships, and then the jocks joined them at their Ivy League. I'm incredible at hand jobs, but I also got a 1560 on the SATs. don't judge me. it was my fifth choice, Harvard. I'm not going to college. I got recruited to go code for Google. I mean, it's not a tallboy. imagine everything, you know, being allowed. that's like a mom committing to his life of abstinence, only to learn on his deathbed that the word was celebrate, not celibate. now, I'm not gonna lie, I was a part of the 90% of our senior class that just became our freshman community class. so I wasn't having random parties on it yet. but boy, do I know these parents. Selam, me being your dad was the greatest honor of my life. there was a lot of parts that I loved in the movie, but all the parents bits I thought were equally hilarious. I loved the scene with the Scranton strangler. surprisingly, the person I related to the most was George. a little bit more flamboyant than I was, but yo, he didn't give off sort of [ __ ]. the Malala reference was funny. not so much because of the word, but it's hilarious because I know we all have our own version of that word with your friends, where they better stop everything. if you summing up that card and marker his name. I think seeing Olivia Wilde's husband in it was cool. who's that cardi B always good to see couples supporting each other in films. but on top of all of the comedic bits, the message is a bit different, you know, then what we usually get in our average teen guy comedies. dudes always see couples and movies, and let's just say it's always in their favor. so we usually don't have bits in our movies that call out unrealistic expectations, even though we pretty much good y'all seeing that picture of Jason Momoa supposedly being out of shape. if he's out of shape, I'm out of luck. there was a line that's said by Annie, who's this smart student going into Yale, and yet she's the only one who's always getting called by her nickname because they slut-shame her. and I'm sure we all remember that girl. probably don't even remember her name, but the nickname that they gave her in high school. but what's focus about this one is that even in the IMDB for her character, they put the [ __ ] nickname instead, though we key even put her real name in parentheses. I just want people to know my real name, of course. and if [ __ ], dude, no, not right now. overall, I think it's a good movie, and I think it'll do well on streaming. I got this one at Sundance and I liked it. but yo, did they fumble this one. see, Amazon had purchased this one, I guess, assuming it be their next big sick. both were huge at Sundance with me getting denied three times to see the big six a year that was out. and then this year for late night, there was reports that it was so buzz. were these people with actual tickets, who had already purchased their seats were denied entry. something that wasn't the case at the box office. both of them had similar budgets. Amazon paid big bucks for both. both were limited releases that went wide around the same time. and while they sent it around similar cultures to one made money and got Oscar buzz. the other lost 33 million dollars and got an exact fired. he still stuck my boy Kumar in an uber though. pretty much the story revolves around this British late-night host who's about to get replaced by Dane Cook 2.0. so she pulls in a diversity hire for her all-male writing staff, hoping things get better. here's the thing though, my girlfriend and I went through every movie dealing with a basa. was a female yo. why are they always mean? like, unless we get an Ava doc, this trend seems to be continuing. this lady is so mean. she's firing people left and right. she's making fun of youtubers just cuz they're youtubers. she won't even give her colleagues of almost 30 years a name. five, six, seven, that's what I'm gonna call you all from now on. it's just easier. then there's Molly, who was handling quality control for a factory, and really, by chance, ends up getting the writing jobs. and she has absolutely no writing experience, and you have no experience in comedy. now, that's a sound like grace randolph with lala land or anything like that, because, i mean, it is completely impossible. but i do like how mindy puts parts of herself in there and makes it feel special. while some things could be exaggerated, because early on, she was an intern on conan, one of the few late night hosts i'd keep. there's a play on her name being molly, but people are calling her molly instead, just like her real name. that had to be altered to sound one more american, and to because i could just imagine the terrible jokes mcs made trying to announce her during her stand-up. and probably the one that got me the most on the rewatch was reading up on how her mom had actually passed cancers. and so in the movie, she dedicates a stand up event for that honesty. besides Amazon miss handling the theatrical release, the only complaints I have for the movie is that it wasn't a show, rest in peace, rip, but something like the Larry Sanders showed, but updated for Amazon. would have been great. considering Mindy's known for TV. there are a lot of jokes and events that happen so fast in the movie that I think it not only merits REE watches, but I think certain jokes would, I hit better if we actually got to know certain characters, that that we knew they were actually good guys before they made like a hash tag joke. there would be room in between to develop Tom's character better, so he's not going from humiliating Molly to being her crying buddy at her apartments. I think I season would have even made Molly more intriguing, as she learned from Kathryn, and not just Katherine learning from her, even though she's the one with all the accomplishments. the scene with Walter would have hit even harder if we would have seen all that history that they had and how he had cheated first. overall, I liked it to the point of wanting more and I think it'll find a better audience on Amazon, which is where this next one is thriving. [Music]. this show is great. I wanted to talk about it with these other two, mainly to bring it up to people's attention, in case they've only heard about the other ones and not this one, or maybe even vice-versa. but I also put it here because I kind of see it like a movie. since this is only six episodes, and a season is like less than three hours. but this one went straight to streaming, so you don't even have to worry about theatres or then losing money. you can watch it right now. seriously, as you guys know, I put spoiler warnings before everything here. go watch it. but if you still need some convincing, I can spoil it for you, and you will still find it entertaining. afterwards, we follow fleabag, who, I don't even think she has a name. she's literally just known as fleabag. and she runs a cafe. it talks about her farts with her sister. and as Oscar winner, Olivia Colman as a stepmom, I'm sorry you had to hear that, but you did have to hear it. no, no, she'll do it. she's the greatest fleabag also does this fourth wall break with the audience, I assume, but it's acted in a way where she's doing the bit during the scene, just off to the side. did you totally get one of those vagina? yeah, no, I've already got one, really? nope. you you've got one? I take it with me everywhere. no, you lie. you don't have one on you? no, yep. yeah, we're gonna get it where. might be done yet. yeah. where's my vagina? yeah, oh, you got me. I don't carry a vagina around with me. we waiting for Vox. it didn't get it. it's like a cartoon Lizzie McGuire, but with more side I in fact, that's the thing I'm most excited about, because in the second season, someone notices it. well, lost a week. wha, what would you, where'd you just go? what? he's just once someone there. hey, we're just gonna know that, yo. I tripped out so hard with that. got noticed because narrative, Li it's genius. but it also kind of like embodies her mentality, her viewpoint, the way she sees the world, or at least abides by it. and then my episode six, it turns out that this isn't a comedy, but a drama you should have been paying attention to the whole time. turns out the show's called fleabag, not because she has more space in a Chicago pothole, but because she cheated on her best friends. man, that I say best friend, I meant business partner who opened up a cafe with her. did I say living? the friend walked into traffic to teach her boyfriend a lesson. so what, in the beginning ended up being like a comic relief thing with the fourth wall side I ends up becoming a glance for help. and she's looking at you saying, hey, you know, me, even watching this show, I'm like, yo. I was looking at my TV going, do not look at me, man, people might restraint. so if it rubbers on the ends of pencils, it's a fantastic show, and hopefully, if you haven't seen it, you'll give it a chance. and if you need more convincing, let me just spit out some more highlights over here, which, again, has spoilers. one, she's writing the new Bond 25, so it'd be cool to say that you knew her before she becomes extra, extra, extra famous. the other would be the shower scene, which was one of the funniest scenes I've seen all year. [Applause]. there's a scene with Brett Gelman, who I've been seeing so much. this man everywhere. he gives us major speech to his life while the relationship is on the rocks. and man, I am NOT going to leave you until you are down on your knees. please leave me. she really did that. even if you sat through the spoilers. like I said, all three of these are still worth your time. I've seen them all multiple times. and since it's easy to consume, this last one especially, it's kind of like a those good music 7 track tapes from last year, I hope more people tune into it, and all of them, once they're available for you to watch in the comfort of your own home. thank you guys checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. another good one. if I can add some recommendations here, because I know it takes me longer to make these videos. but catch the farewell. we have a video out over on the intercom podcast where we talk not only of all of our favorites of this past year. but we mentioned a lot of the August releases that are really our number ones, but, you know, we couldn't really put them because they're not out yet, but we got them at festivals. definitely want those to be on your radar as well as these. I know a lot of people have been telling me that they haven't been playing near them, which really sucks, and which is why I'm always big on it streaming. you know, I may not be the cinema experience, but movies go to the theaters for a little bit. what are they irrelevant afterwards? now they either end up in a home video or they end up streaming. and then, if the movie is good, the movies still good, right? so I highly recommend all of these. check them out. if you wanted to see any more of the recommendations that I had. like I said, a lot of people always ask us, like, why don't you cover this movie? we usually do. if you check out our Sundance and our South by videos, which are right here, you can see all of our picks for a lot of the movies that haven't come out this year. get a little heads-up so, you know, really to keep an eye out for these movies, especially when some of them get released so limited, they're in theaters for like a week or less. and maybe give you the heads up on that thing. you guys for watching this video. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, so we don't bomb at the box office 