[Music] wasn't to the breakdown. will we break down all the messed up stuff? many families of our killers tend to be some of the most messed up [ __ ] films like murder, set pieces, the untold story, they show us a more concentrated side of killer points of view. Henry, portrait of a serial killer, is one of the films that started this. it's a fictional story based on real-life serial killer Henry Lee Lucas and a serial killer buddy, Ottis. Toole is fictional, so don't take anything we see in the movie is real. in portrait of a serial killer, Henry kills many people and eventually brings his prison friend Otis on to killing as well. this is a pretty well-known, disturbing film that people often sort of like. they even looked at this portrayal of Henry as a possible candidate for a classic cinema villain of the century, you know, like Darth Vader in them. if you want to see what happens, including all messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. [Music]. the movie starts off with a victim left dead in some wooded area, kind of reminds me of that whole black doll your murder case. we didn't see a man leaving a diner after doing lots of travelling. like most famous serial killers, he seems to be polite and normal. he, off-screen, murders two waitresses at some bar. later though, as he drives around what I'm guessing is Chicago, he looks for any female victim, child or grown woman. but it also shows his previous victims that he killed before, like this prostitute who seems to have a bottle stuck in her face, and also this woman facedown in a body of water. he eventually follows behind some woman, taking note of where she lives to kill her. later. after leaving the house behind, Henry decides to be a nice guy and gives a hitchhiker her last ride. meanwhile, in an airport, a woman named Becky is picked up by her big brother Otis. apparently she has left her abusive husband, but the relationship between these two is pretty awkward. Otis loves to reference her last job of stripping, even though she isn't a big fan of talking about the past like that. Otis and Henry shared this apartment and Henry comes home with the same instrument that the hitch-hiker had, gifting it to Otis right away. there is some attraction between Becky and Henry. and it also seems that Otis doesn't know anything about Henry's murderous activities yet. workwise, Henry is like a bug sprayer, really a drifter in real life. I guess that's how he is in a movie. but he was so used the job as an excuse to gain access to that woman's house. we followed. the next cut shows her body. audio in the background makes it seem like she could have been raped before she was killed. back at home, Otis is telling Becky about how he met Henry in prison. he says Henry was in there after killing his mom and her friend with a baseball bat. later, Otis leaves to go deal with drugs or something, leaving Henry and begi alone to get to know each other, even though Becky is Otis's sister in his movie. in real life, it seems she is his nice real name Frieda, and who was 12 years old around the time she met Henry. Henry tells about his family, but she explains about her rapist. father told me to take my shirt off, and he told me that he had a riot because he was my daddy and I was his daughter. then he started coming to my room a lot after that. tried to tell mama, but she didn't want to hear about it. you think Henry's you just told you a whole chapter of her life. well, Becky messes up by asking if Henry really killed his mom, something she wouldn't he was supposed to mention. it causes him to bring up mom memories, calling her a [ __ ] who was getting piped out by different men, even when Dad was home. even worse, Henry's mom made him wear a dress and forced him to watch all the hardcore sex or BBB. well, I think the same thing actually happened to Otis - and he was a kid. well, that's just in real life. well, Becky reacts to the story with a strong interest for Henry, believing she was meant to meet this man. weirdly though, Henry seems to flip-flop on how he actually killed his mom. first it was beaten, then it was stabbed, then shot. he was 14 when he killed her, by the way. later, oh, this is guaranteed to be a weirdo. he trees Becky like she's not his sister. in other words, like he wants her or something. he even really makes her try on a typical ass t-shirt, just the PCAT are changing. but she knew didn't wish she could have just stepped in a room right next to her. Henry can feel ODIs being in sensuous and makes him apologize. either he tries to kiss his own sister. Becky tries to mend their bad blood by suggesting that they go out and get a beer. little does she know them going off for a night is gonna create a deranged serial killer do all the to pick up two prostitutes to get their health bar back up. but things turned sideways for both of them. now she's a hashtag and now she's a tattoo. oh, it is a surprise. but not bothered. he's just scared they might get caught. but Henry done this before and knows how to stay under the radar. he even shares his philosophy of it's either you or them. sounds like some Mickey would say later, to to go to some black-market TV dealer to buy a TV half price, but only got fifty dollars on them. everything else is above that. so it makes the dealer pretty angry when they insist on something good. just as Henry was about to let him live by being polite, he curses at them to pay him for wasting his time and Henry's staff. they're doing in the hand with some TV wire before using it all over his body. while ol just hose him down. he didn't hit him over the head with the TV that cost $50 been purposefully plugs it in to electrocute his head. later at home, the three make a home video using a stolen camera and TV. also, Becky kisses Henry finally, like she's been wanting to for a while. now. they'll be using this camera for some murders and observations later. later, Otis deals drugs with some teenager. as he passes it for him to try out, he grips the dudes leg, only to get punched into next week. how did you expect that [ __ ] to go down? Otis, personally, I think he left you off easy. I will did more than that. oh, this is angry. but Henry directs his anger into killing random ass people. they start by shooting some random, nice ass man, who decided to stop his commute to help them with their cart rolls. the reason why you don't find people like this man is because they are taken away way too early. it's not fair at all. Henry explains that do kill everybody the same. it's the same as leaving a trail, a pattern or a modus operandi. you'll get caught soon enough. so you gotta kill everybody different. they later watch a video of them murdering an entire family. they break the necks of both fat and Otis disrespects their bodies further. once it's over, Otis rewinds cuz he wants to watch it again. it seems Otis slick, is sicker than Henry. that's only in this fiction. meanwhile, becky is calling her daughter at work. it looks like she's about to quit her job and reunite with her grandma and daughter. hopefully Otis would be cool with that, because he's turned into a damn near bigger villain than Henry. and after an argument, he gets kicked out of the car back home. Becky Regas she's going back home to be with her daughter. she does as Henry if he wants to come with her though, her old husband is in jail. surprisingly, she's leaving the next day. then they leaves he could have steak dinner after they eat out. she wants to get it out. things get pretty close, but Henry obviously looks kind of weary of having sex. soon Otis wakes up and surprises them, drunk, oh, it is catching. I'm about to have sex, makes Henry embarrassed. so he excuses himself to go buy cigarettes. on his way back, he has an awkward encounter with a dog and her pet human, considering killing the woman before stopping. back inside, though, Otis is raping his sister while Henry walks to the apartment building. soon Henry catches Otis and knocks him right off. Otis gets the upper hand though, and right before killing Henry, he is stabbed in the eye by Becky. he has then stabbed many times by Henry, finally ending the rapist killer brother. in real life, Henry was the one to rape the real-life Vicki, who I said was the niece of Otis, and was like, probably 12 years old. Henry makes a quick decision to butcher the body and then throw to remains over some bridge. after all, the murder committed. in the movie, Henry take Becky with him to go to his sisters safe farm. he also promises to reunite her with her daughter soon enough. she says she loves him, and he says, I guess I love you too. pretty much like that. the two soon get a motel room together, but they don't talk much after Henry less ideas go through his head. the movie ends as we see Henry, without Becky, taking a bloody suitcase off-road and leaving it behind. so without a doubt, Henry didn't want to be tied down to Becky at all, which kind of sucks, considering she had a daughter waiting for her to come back. now that kinda reminds me of the ending of grand theft auto 3. I'm a big GTA fan. now that we seen a pretty famous serial killer film, let's talk about the mostess thermoman and most enjoy a moment and that spooky stuff. so let's get right into it. the most disturbing me, for me, is probably the rape of Becky. honestly, close second would be the murder of the family. but let me tell y'all, they could have made it even worse to watch I mean, all Henry did was break everybody Nick. they could have just, I don't know, cut the child's head off in front of the parents and laugh as they sit in anguish and despair, but that's just evil. spooky speaking, the most enjoyment was when Henry killed the TV seller with the [ __ ] TV wires or some I don't know what exactly use, but it worked out. and end it pretty shocking. hope you guys enjoyed this video. if you did, make sure you check out some of these other serial killer focus films. like I forgot what they recall, but they're right on the screen. just click any one of them. if you haven't seen these videos before, thanks for watching. spooky out 