[Music]. what we'll do right now when we break down all the messed up [ __ ] big spooky [ __ ] today. I don't know if y'all stay up to date on spooky rice lore, but a few months ago or so, I watched the film called woman's flesh my red guts, directed by Tamaki Chia Naru, the same guy who directed suicide dolls and tumbling dollar flesh. at the end of women's flesh my red guts was a trailer from a Roma planning sy label baroque, detailing a piece of media called rare a dead person. I was shocked for the first time. I never seen something like this before. and could only watch like ten seconds before I just started to feel queasy, and overall, just scared. but what scares me away is a challenge. I've been charging my key to deal with this movie. and I present you all the first installment of rare a dead person series, which details about five or six deaths. I have no idea what happened, because it's not subtitled, so I can only infer from what I see. warning, this is a real death. shocked you memory, meaning real instances of deceased bodies are going to be discussed. I want you all who care to watch to get a feeling of what it's like to watch a film such as this. our promise that you will not fully see an actual dead person. in other words, you will not see any actual dead body or anything that can make you hide in your hands. this will be heavily censored. I did it. I [ __ ] did it. I watched rare in its entirety. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for a breakdown. q2, Gohan, [Music], rare, a dead person the only piece of media that made me run away. I'm believing. this entire film takes place in Thailand. the first body is someone who's been in a motorbike accident. I think even had I held it on, but things still went terrible. it's, without a doubt, a completely real version of Glen's gruesome death from The Walking Dead. head is smashed. you can see his teeth and an eyeball is separate from everything. this cameraman zooms up on a lot of the most gruesome area. so that's why I can be so descriptive. you can see exposed muscle on his leg. I've never seen anything like that before. it's dark purple, and a bone is sticking out. the victims belongings are very important to this cameraman as well. okay, so I was in the kitchen, right and I had some leftover chicken nuggets. I'm thinking, maybe out anyone. but in the midst of chewing, I imagined this dead body and had to spit it out. eating and disturbing breakdown. does it mix? well, another thing we see is the faces of everybody there watching. it's always regular people who find the bodies. first of all, mostly in this field. so anybody know what language this is? tell me if I'm right. if this is in Thailand, they soon pick up the body, wrap it up and use newspapers to scoop up all the brain matter. I'm sure he wasn't in pain very long. more likely, a different night brings in a different body. this person has also gotten into some kind of motor accident. his face is covered in fact, I say that it seems as if his skull is all out. his left arm is covered in a black substance, probably some oil. listen to me, like his brain just flew out they finally turned his body around, and we see his face was just like a Halloween mask in terms of how a blanket looks. look at this dude touching on the body like he was a close friend. but then he just kicks the body. what a [ __ ] demon. I I've never seen such disrespect. another night, we got a new person. [ __ ] happened, this time ataxia, stuck somewhere, and somebody is dead in the back. I'm thinking that somebody murdered the taxi driver. he's been stabbed many times in the chest area. ooh. they dusted for prints and [ __ ] I feel like a detective. blood is dry, stab marks on the backseat. also, the person has had his throat slit. but his death face is nightmare fuel. I've never seen a slit throat before, except in fiction. they try prying his fingers open, but they are stiff because of rigor mortis. I should put some gloves on or something, though. also need the chip, no fingernails. another night in Thailand, another dead person found in a man-made water embankment. this body is quite d composed. I guess I rather say that it's kind of bloated though from the chest up, he's blue and his face is puffy. his arms are stuck straight in the air because of rigor mortis. I guess this guy died accidentally on his own, probably discovered by all these people. a bloody substance does seem to be dripping down his face, though. I don't know how he died, but I guess the damage was more internal. they carry his debt that carry his death away. they carry his body away. soon. another night, another person. it's an older man, and blood is sweeping out of his chest. a gun is discovered right next to him. the incident here seems obvious. he was in a gunfight with somebody and lost. but what's all this they discover next to the body? another night in death town. what happened this time? this is the first car accident we see for sure. somebody has literally been crushed. in fact, you can barely see anything but his feet. five minutes into the scene, they use machinery to bring the twisted metal backwards, showing the body of a dead man crushed against his dashboard. I've never seen somebody crushed before. it looks like his insides have been forced outside of his mouth. soon they have to pull him up by splitting his legs. this is his identification records. regardless, they wrap the body up. so here's your warning. this next case is honestly, really sad and bothering. but another sad part about it is that this is the world sometimes at daytime, people are gathered around and abandoned. the building is full of reporters and investigators. inside the building, a few stairs up is a room. hidden away in that room is the highly decomposed body of a child. the first half of the recording focuses on the underwear of the child. she's only wearing some kind of small blouse. I'm thinking the idea is that this girl was raped and killed and left at a rotten rigor mortis really does set in, doesn't it? she's basically legs apart, in arms stuck in the air. two men pick up the body and place it on this green dudu man. I flinched when the cameraman zoomed in on her face. is tough to describe. I never seen something like this before, because it looks like the inside of what I think is her mouth is pulsating. it's like producing liquid bubbles of some sort. death there's a tough thing to view in real life. they soon cover her body up and carry her outside as everybody watches the end. that's the end of rare a dead person. it just ends with some small screen. keep in mind, there was no music mostly her, just emergency responders barking orders or whatever. I thought that this song would play, this song right here. you all probably don't know what this is. it's the music that played at the end of women's flesh my red guts, during the duration of the trailer. turns out that the trailer was seven minutes long, and wasn't just a trailer for the original rare dead person. it was an entire broke trailer showing content from all the rare films. so yeah, I watched the trailer that was too scared to watch a few months ago. it's mostly the same thing, accidents. it's the murders and deaths of children that are the most disturbing. we see a dead little boy stabbed to death and hidden. another fully nude girl who was raped and murdered, another dead boy who might have been in an accident, and woman leaning on a wall. so now that we got through rare a dead person and burr Oaks twisted experiments. let's talk about the mostess third moment, animals enjoy moment, and that spooky stuff. cooter Gohan, so this was my first shocking memory ever. I guess that would be what you called it. I can't find out anything about it, so this video might literally be the only source of info on what happens in this film on the entire internet. like, I don't know. I mean, you can buy it, sure, but nothing else is left but pictures of the bodies. those are sever cinema review of it, but when they revamp their website, that review is gone. now there's a page talking about the creators and the other works, which is where y'all can get a look at the death yourself via the screenshots. some of y'all probably already have them. the most disturbing moment is easily the last case, with the little girl. not only was her death gruesome, but she didn't get a proper burial. she had to be found. and the effects of nature have caused her to look heroin. I don't even know how she died. the most enjoyment was [ __ ] y'all such a [ __ ] geek, right? when I [ __ ] watch this whole film, I stuck my fist in the air, like I just be moderate or something. but I don't like being anxious about anything in life really, especially not any shocking memory. after all the disturbing films I watched. and that's it. so I hope y'all know that I don't intend to disrespect any of the victims in this film, but his purpose was to shock us, and my purpose is to show you how shocked I was. and again, death is a part of life, no matter how gruesome. and I truly feel for the innocent, especially now. I would be willing to make a video based on other shocking memories if you desire. you just gotta let me know. and of course, I will be extra, extra careful on what I show. I think I can use sleight of hand techniques against YouTube nowadays. though, thank you for joining me on this journey as I break through something that truly, truly scared me and gave me nightmares, spooky out 