[Music], hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a science fiction thriller film titanium. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. a thousand years ago, the planet earth was deserted and no longer suitable for the human species to extend their dying civilization. humans began to explore the deep space and found many alien planets suitable for their colonies. the first human pioneers fled the planet earth and took those planets for refuges. people in those scattered alien refuges started to establish the freedom alliance, bonding them together. on the planet called titanium, which has an earth-like environment, but is covered with heavy clouds for most of the time, though, humans have built a model utopian city under the control of a central ai supervision system to manage and supervise people's daily life. in the name of protecting people from the harsh alien environment. the city is made isolated from the outside dangerous primitive land. what's more, the people there have to endure surveillance all the time and give away most of their freedom that they're supposed to enjoy on earth. upon arriving at the utopian city, anna is assigned with her least favorite job and a disgusting husband, resulting in her hate of such a system. the ai supervision system, however, detects anna's tendency of disobedience. because of that, it deletes her legal citizen status and as a punishment, exiles her with other prisoners into the primitive land, which is inhabited by some unknown, horrible creatures. while standing before such a creepy landscape, they realize that this is actually a death sentence for them. the only hope to survive is to make their way through the unknown places and reach the so-called paradise, an island said to be the only safe place outside the city. before starting the dangerous journey, the outcasts are given an iron box with some foods and weapons inside, which, however, are later taken over by a bully guy who wants to play as the dominator and directs the rest to follow his way. a hormone mature guy, owen, however, only wants to make his own way to the paradise, where he seems to know very well about the primitive land. without any clear ideas, anna chooses to follow on only because his hormone smells better than others, during the following fighting for the supplies, owen takes one of the bully guy's men hostage. in exchange, he successfully grabs the iron box, which he wants most of all the supplies. after the entrance gate to the city closes up and the radiation guns are activated, the outcasts have to begin their journey into the mystery land. the bully guy makes his way with his men in a direction slightly different to that of owen, who drags the heavy box with anna and moves ahead slowly. a few moments later, however, a suspicious girl previously in the bully guys team turns horny and runs to owen, begging to join him on the following journey. smelling of her rival's hormone, anna interrupts and distracts owen away from the horny girl. but right at that time, they nearly get shot by the radiation gun from the city. owen then refuses the girl to join him. trying to avoid further attack, they have to take cover from the rocks and crawl their way slowly to the magnetic region where the radiation gun is made and validated. while cleaning her dirty body carelessly, and is almost attacked by an alien creature bearing horrible electric tentacles. owen, however, risks his life to control its deadly tentacle and makes anna cut it off. stabbed, injured, though, on turns the tentacle into a whip as his new weapon, which proves to help deal with the bully guy and his men who come to the same area for the iron box. but when an ana later, set out on their voyage, while the bully guys team follow tightly behind, to a place where owen smells the danger, he drags anna down on the ground quickly, trying to avoid a trap they've got inside. unbeknownst to the other outcasts, the creatures soon trap them with tentacles. some stay still on the ground and turn to be safe, while a boy who runs in a panic, however, gets entangled and taken away for food. after the attack, owen and anna rushed to get out of this area. on the other side, the commander orders the soldiers to track owen down and bring him back to the city. it seems that owen is a vip to the military. waking up from her nap, anna is horrified to find that swarms of giant alien bugs are approaching near from the hilltop. she tries to run away, but owen stops her and hides with her inside the iron box. after the bug army sweep over, the cou only finds that the iron box is left broken with holes. they have to discard the damaged box before continuing their way through the primitive land, seeing owen going far away, the suspicious girl leads the team once again and one ahead for owen. the bully guy tries to catch her back, but gets submerged into a swamp. the girl explains that only owen knows how to reach the paradise safe for he's the engineer of the city. everybody just goes in owens direction in a hurry, while leaving the desperate bully guy alone, who's, however, pulled out by a priest before he's totally sucked into the smash. anna later learns of owen's real identity as an engineer of the as system, who indeed hates the inhuman surveillance and tries to put an end to the tyranny on this planet by having the ai system infected with a virus, which spreads rapidly and definitely will shut down its whole defense system. the virus was created by himself, and only he knows how to remove the virus. on her way to search owen with the rest outcasts, a suspicious girl encounters the cannibals who hunt the outcast for food. during the chaos, a boy gets caught and killed, while the rest take shelter by the rocks. the girl, who's still in a great panic, however, is found by the coming bully guy and the priest. under the interrogation, she confides that, in exchange for her freedom, she plays as a spy for the military, intending to get close to owen for secrets. as the bully god tries to remove the gps tracker from her body, the girl struggles to free herself, but gets entangled and assimilated by the seaweed like creatures. learning a failed mission, the commander sends a sniper out to continue their hunting of owen. meanwhile, the bully guy loses one more man, who gets killed by his curiosity to a discarded bag. moments later, the bully guy approaches owen and anna and takes control of the two by force. having noticed owen's importance, bully guy plans to take him as an exchange with the military. owen knows that he may not escape this time. he then tells anna the safe way to reach the paradise. turned emotional by such a kind man, and it kisses him soulfully, but without hormone, let go due to too many close eyes. kept in place there. the sniper leads the soldiers to an abandoned shelter taken up by the cannibals. they clear it up with gunfire, attempting to ambush the outcasts there. as expected, the remaining outcasts come to the shelter later, where the bully guy meets the sniper and begins to negotiate on the exchange, while owen seeks the mere chance to free himself. after finding their target has escaped, the sniper hands the bully guy a gun with no bullets, pretending to let him get owen back first. the bully guy, who smells the danger, however, wants to strike first with the empty gun before getting shot deadly by the sniper. the sniper later locates the priest and shoots him dead, but he keeps ana alive as a hostage, trying to trap the hidden owen with the help of an old man outcast. owen makes himself a hostage, attempting to exchange himself for anna. during the exchange, however, the sniper changes his mind and is about to shoot anna, but he gets punched dead suddenly by the bully guy, who recovers temporarily before dying from the deadly gunshot. anna loses her consciousness due to a tranquilizer shot. right following the battle, the remaining three set out their ultimate journey to the paradise island. they drift with the water current slowly on top of the floating sea plants. anna regains her consciousness on the way, while the old man, due to his worsening injury and sick of the smelly hormones filled in the air as well, chooses to jump into the water and end his life to the sea monsters on the other side. learning of the failed mission again, the military sends out more soldiers right away to hunt owen. the soldiers soon locate owen and approach them right at that time, however, the virus begins to infect the central surveillance system, causing the spaceship to collapse into the sea thanks to the sea plants. after they managed to survive, a vast waterfall. they're brought by the water currents all the way to an island, which they found is actually the so-called paradise and turns out to be a secret military base used by the commander for emergent evacuation. thanks to owen's past engagement in the project, he recalls the missing passwords. finally for the gate. as the gate opens, they soon find a spaceship for emergency use, which, however, seems able to hold only one person inside. owen tries to urge anna to leave alone, while anna is unwilling to leave her darling behind. with no choice, they squeeze into its narrow cabin and flee out of the planet titanium. wait a minute, two guys like that fat could even be squeezed in such a narrow cabin? i can only picture in my mind that they have to stack themselves up and down in two layers. but is on the up and who's on the down? or perhaps with one inverted i'd better call the police to give them a ticket for overloading and a six and nine violation while driving. ten years later, after the collapse of the utopian city, the freedom alliance rebuilds a new city on the planet titanium, with a new management system, which, however, is far more oppressive than ever. this is daniel cc. movie channel. bye. 