in Russia, the media covers Tony Stark's disclosure of his identity as Iron Man. Ivonne Vanko, whose father Anton Vanko has just died, sees this and begins building a miniature arc reactor similar to Starks. six months later, stark is a superstar and uses his Iron Man suit for peaceful means, resisting government pressure to sell his designs Jiri Institute's the stark Expo in Flushing Meadows to continue his father, Howard's legacy. the Palladium core in the arc reactor that keeps stark alive and powers the armor is slowly poisoning him, and he cannot find it to substitute. growing increasingly despondent and reckless due to his impending death, and choosing not to tell anyone about his condition, stark appoints his personal assistant, Pepper Potts, CEO of Stark Industries, and hire Stark employee Natalie rushman to replace her as his personal assistant. stark competes in the monaco historic Grand Prix, where he is attacked in the middle of the race by venko, who wields electrified whips. [Music], dark dances, mark-5 armor and defeats panco [Music], but the suit is severely damaged. Benko explains his intention was to prove to the world that Ironman is not invincible. impressed by vanko's performance, Starks rival, Justin Hammer, fakes vanko's death while breaking him out of prison, and asks him to build a line of armored suits to upstage Stark during what he believes is his final birthday party. start gets drunk while wearing a mark 4 suit, disgusted. US. Air Force Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes Don Starks mark two prototype armor and tries to restrain him. the fight ends in a stalemate. the Rhodes confiscates the mark 2 for the US. Air Force. Nick Fury, director of shield, approaches stark, revealing rushman to be agent Natasha Romanoff, and that Howard Stark was a shield founder whom fury knew personally. fury explains that vanko's father jointly invented the arc reactor with Stark. though an Anton tried to sell it for profit, stark had him deported. the Soviets sent Anton to the gulag. theory gives stark some of his father's old material a hidden message in the diorama of the 1974 stark Expo proves to be a diagram of the structure of a new element. with the aid of his computer, Jarvis stark synthesizes it. when he learns Vanko is still alive, he places the new element in his arc reactor and ends his palladium dependency. at the expo, hammer unveils vanko's armor drones led by Rhodes in a heavily weaponized version of the mark to armor. Justin Hammer is arrested, while etosha Romanov and Tony Stark's bodyguard, happy Hogan, go after Vanko at hammers factory. thank Allah escapes, but Romanoff returns controlled the mark to Armour to Rhodes. Stark and roads together defeat Benko and his drones. [Music], Edyta briefing, while news footage of a rampaging Hulk plays. theory inform starts that because of his difficult personality, shield intends to use him only as consultant. Stark and Rhodes received medals for their heroism. in a post-credits scene, SHIELD agent Phil Coulson reports the discovery of a large hammer at the bottom of a crater in a desert in New Mexico. you 