in 1995, chuck noland, a time-obsessed systems analyst executive, travels the world resolving productivity problems at fedex depots. he is in a long-term relationship with kelly frears, with whom he lives in memphis, tennessee. chuck's busy schedule often interferes with their relationship, and he is shown to be somewhat distant emotionally during the family christmas dinner. chuck is summoned to resolve a work problem in malaysia. flying through a violent storm, his fedex cargo plane crashes into the pacific ocean. chuck escapes with an inflatable life raft, though the raft's emergency locator transmitter is ripped off. the next day, chuck, in the damaged raft, washes up on an uncharted and uninhabited island. several fedex packages also wash up on shore, three as well as the corpse of one of the pilots, whom chuck buries. he tries to signal a passing ship an escape in the damaged life raft, but the incoming surf tosses chuck onto a coral reef, injuring his leg. he is able to find sufficient food water and shelter. he opens the fedex packages, finding a number of potentially useful items, but leaves one package with a pair of wings painted on it unopened. while attempting to build a fire, chuck cuts his hand. in anger, he throws several objects from the packages, including a wilson sporting goods volleyball, leaving a bloody handprint on it. he then draws a face into the smeared blood, names the ball wilson, and begins talking to it. he continues to talk to it regularly during the rest of his time on the island. over four years, chuck survives and has since taken shelter inside a cave. wilson is his only companion. after a large section from a portable toilet enclosure washes up on the island, he builds a raft, using the plastic as a sail. chuck successfully launches the raft that he has stocked with food, water and the one unopened fedex package. after some time on the ocean, a storm damages his raft. wilson falls off the raft and floats away. since chuck is too weak to retrieve him. soon after, a passing cargo ship rescues the barely alive chuck. upon returning to civilization, chuck learns that he was given up for dead by his family and friends. kelly has since married and has a child. at the airport, chuck meets kelly's husband, jerry lovett, who tells him that kelly is too overwhelmed to see him and needs more time. through a window, chuck sees jerry leading a distraught kelly away. that night, chuck goes to kelly's house and finally reunites with her. they share a faltering conversation, and chuck expresses regret for leaving. upon leaving, they share a kiss, but knowing kelly cannot abandon her family, they sadly part. chuck recounts to a friend his despair and isolation on the island and his survival instinct that resurged after a failed suicide attempt. although sad to lose kelly all over again, after overcoming the odds to find rescue, chuck resolves, similarly, to keep breathing and face the unknown future. chuck drives to texas to return the unopened fedex package to its sender. finding no one at home, he leaves the package at the door with a note saying that the package saved his life. he departs and stops at a remote crossroads. a woman in a pickup truck stops and gives information about where each road leads. as she drives away, chuck notices the wing graphic painted on her truck is similar to the one on the parcel. he looks down each road, then at the one the woman took and smiles. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 