avengers end game is probably one of my favorite comic book movies of all time. it's packed from top to bottom with references to other films in the infinity saga. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down 200 of the best easter eggs in it. as always, welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. now let's get into the breakdown. okay, so endgame opens with hawkeye teaching his daughter how to fire arrows. not only is this actually joe russo's daughter, ava, but we can also catch a glimpse of the tracking device that was placed on clint's ankle after the events of civil war. this ankle monitor would of course, pop up in ant-man and the wasp, with scott lang two being forced to wear one after breaking the sokovia records. the bullseye that we see actually appeared in age of ultron in clint's barn, just before tony came face to face with nick fury. we can hear birds in the background chirping away, but after the snap is carried out, these suddenly disappear. after this snap is reversed. we get a scene of ant-man coming across some birds on a tree, showing that things have returned to normal. in the bible, birds are very symbolic, and noah, of course, used several to determine whether the earth had returned back to normal. similar to what we see in these moments, you can catch the faintest glimmer of dust blowing in the wind, which, of course, symbolizes that hawkeye's family have been killed. dust is also symbolic of the bible, as the phrase ashes to ashes and dust to dust is used to describe death. half of all life in the universe has been wiped out. and this too is later hinted at by the title scene, in which the avengers theme is actually played by half the orchestra. this was purposely done by alan silvestri in order to emphasize the way that the world was speaking of title sequences, when the marvel studios logo comes in, all of the characters that were dusted don't actually appear in it at all. we can see in the one for infinity war and the one for endgame, that a lot of the characters are missing, which hammers home that they have been completely erased from existence. speaking of infinity war, there's actually several details set up in the film which pay off directly. in this one, when talking to dr strange, tony stark and wong, bruce banner is surprised to learn that ben and jerry's have named an ice cream flavor after him. this gets a big follow-up in endgame when we see hulk eating it during the planning stages of the time heist. in infinity war, tony used a nanotech shield to cover himself from an attack by thanos. and this severely depleted his supply of the microscopic machines and led to him almost being killed. in order to make sure this doesn't happen again in end game, stock instead uses an energy shield as protection, which won't drain on his armor. kurta, tony playing paper football with nebula, and he flicks it with amazing accuracy, probably because they've had not much else to do out in space. it's a bit bit like lockdown, i suppose. now, tony later does this with ant-man when he flicks him across the room at avengers tower. we can also hear the song, dear mr fantasy, which contains the line, make it snappy. is is that a reach? probably. anyway, this scene is full of fun little nods in easter eggs. and we can catch tony at one point wearing his black tank top as he and nebula try and find a way to fix the ship. not only is this referencing the cave scene in iron man 1, in which he and yinsen built the ark reactor in suit, but it's also something that's appeared throughout the saga in iron man 2, and tony is trying to create a new element, he dones it there. and he also puts it on in iron man 3 when he's sleeping and suffers from a ptsd dream. typically, this is worn when tony is in a vulnerable position and he has to use his smarts to deal with the situation. the cockpit of the ship also resembles iron man's helmet, and i love the composition of this shot, which shows both aspects of tony's personality. he records a message for peppa and tells her not to post it on social media, which is a reference to the star of iron man, when the character took a picture with a soldier and told him not to post it online. tony also recorded a message for peppa and nine man 3, which was played back when she put on a helmet. so this is a nice little continuation of that theme. tony says, it's you. it's always been you when the character made her ceo. this idea of recording a final message into the helmet is, of course, brought back up at the end of the movie when tony leaves one to his family at the character's funeral. this shot of the helmet on the table echoes tony putting the mark 1 helmet on one during the cave scene in iron man 1. so we get this idea of things coming full circle with the first and last appearance of the iron man helmet being set up exactly the same way. tony also dies whilst carrying out the snap, with the focus of the scene being brought towards his hand. this too mirrors how he was first introduced all the way back in iron man 1, as in that the very first shot we get of him is the character holding a whiskey glass. symbolically, we get the idea that tony has gone from this self-centered, morally bankrupt weapons manufacturer to someone who is willing to sacrifice his own life so that others can have theirs. infinity war was all about making sacrifices in order to win. and this was echoed in several of the characters. doctor strange saved tony in exchange for the time stone, and loki saved his brother in exchange for the tesseract. cap famously said that they don't trade lives when vision offered up his in order to destroy the mind stone. and it showed that the avengers wouldn't make the hard play. thus thanos was able to collect all of the infinity stones in win, and this is because he was willing to sacrifice gamora. however, the avengers win an end game because they do make sacrifices, which include the death of black widow and of course, tony stark dramatically. it's amazing, and it really pays off what was set up in the prior film. now, the pair are saved by captain marvel, and they return to earth, where we see cap shaving off the glorious beer that he had in infinity war. pepper and tony hug. and this shot is later mirrored when the pair hug once more as the latter dies. now, peppa leaning in and kissing tony two mirrors the bath scene in civil war in which tony's mother said goodbye. so we have this repetition of tony's wife and his mother saying farewell in the exact same way. tony and cap have an argument, which also calls back to several moments from avengers, age of ultron. firstly, tony mentions a suit of armor around the world, which is the reason why he created the mad machine. and he also says that he told them they'd lose, and cap said that they'd do that together. now, from here, the avengers travel into space, and we get a close-up shot of captain america's eye. this actually mirrors a close-up of tony's eye in the avengers when he too traveled into space for the first time. cap looks at a photograph of peggy carter, and the character did the same thing at the end of the first avenger when he was about to crash the ship. at the end, upon arriving on the planet, we see thanos armor being used as a scarecrow. and this is actually a call back to the comics in which the character two did something similar the avengers bum rush him. and you may notice that one of the hulkbuster's arms hasn't been painted. this is because that one is actually a replacement, as the original was used to kill cull obsidian in infinity war. nebula says that her father isn't a liar, and we've seen throughout his appearances that he always keeps his word. he also says to gamora that he never told her to lie, which is why she's so bad at it. but the character likely did this on purpose so that his children couldn't betray him. though. finally goes for the head, which is, of course, a call back to the prior movie. but this idea of beheading thanos goes far beyond that. in the final battle, every time thor attacks the villain, he goes for the head. this was of course, up in avengers infinity war, when, due to his need to gloat, he went for the chest rather than the instant killing blow. because of this, thanos was able to wipe out half of all life in the universe and retreat to the garden. now during the final fight, we watch the awesome moment in which captain america lifts ammonia and gains the power of thor. this helps him to go toe-to-toe with thanos on a level playing field. and as danos can not lift the item himself, he instead grabs cap's wrist rather than the hammer. now i brought this up in a prior video, and did get some people saying that this is untrue, as thanos is able to lift stormbreaker. however, they do work in different ways. if you cast your mind back to thor odin put his spell on the hammer so that only he who was worthy could lift it, whereas he never put it on stormbreaker. and as the handle is made from grutsom, thanos is able to wield it. when using on thor, he then pushes it into his chest. this actually mirrors how thor drove the axe into his chest at the end of infinity war. and we get this nice little parallel of the two trying to kill each other in the same way. you might also notice that cap's arm has scales on it. and you can actually see these under the upper layer of his outfit in the prior movie. these scales first made an appearance in black panther, and could show that after dropping off bucky and wakanda shuri gave him some upgrades. thanos also breaks cap shield, similar to the way that it was destroyed in tony stark's vision, all the way back in age of ultron. cut to five years later, and we see that the earth is in complete ruins. now, whilst thanos thought he was doing good by wiping out half of all life, we can see that this really isn't the case. half of the infrastructure of the planet has been destroyed at random. and thus chaos has caused things to collapse on a grand scale. steve holds his survivors meeting, and we see joe russo as well as jim stalin, who created thanos in the comics. steve goes to natasha, and we can actually see ballet slippers sitting on a chair beside her. and this is a call back to age of ultron, in which we learned that she was trained in ballet. when natasha tells steve that she has to work on fixing everything, the soundtrack is also a variation on the soul stone sacrifice music, which foreshadows her death. later, steve mentions that there are whales in the hudson and okoye 2 talks about an underwater earthquake. though we don't know what marvel are going to do with black panther 2. since the passing of chadwick boseman, it has been rumored that the submariner neymar will be popping up in the film. and this definitely could be a setup here. now, if you haven't subscribed to the channel yet, then this is the perfect time to do it, as we make videos like this each and every day that you'll definitely love. three thousand. as mentioned earlier, my name's paul. if you ever want to come talk to me about movies, tv shows, or just things in general, then you can hit me up on my twitter at heavyspoilers. anyway, curtis scott lang being saved by a rat. and the number on the lockup is 616, which is a reference to the main marvel universe earth, which carries this designation. we can catch community alumni ken jong, who is guarding the lockup, and he's reading the book terminal breach, which features a short story in it called endgame. he's not the only community actor that pops up either, as yvette nicole brown gets in a lift with tony and steve when they travel back to the 70s. from here, scott travels to a memorial, and we can spot a name for roberto de costa, who you may know as sunspot. sunspot was in the new mutants. and just like how he was killed in the mcu, he also helped to kill that franchise. i'm just kidding. it's fine. it's fine. so much worse. anyway, natasha makes a peanut butter jelly sandwich, which scott then shows up and eats. she cuts it diagonally, which is a call back to nick fury telling carol that he can't eat toast that's been cut diagonally. could she be in the habit of doing this to stop nick from stealing her lunch at work? we'd like to think so at the channel. anyway, the group will team up, and they decide to go to tony for help. tony now lives out in the real world countryside. and there are several things here that actually call back to the earlier movies. if you cast your mind back to the ending of age of ultron. tony actually says that he might retire in bell pepper, a farm. his daughter, morgan was, of course, referenced in infinity war, and we see her wearing the rescue suit helmet. this is a special anniversary gift for peppa, and the colour has been purposely chosen as it's the same as the dress that peppa wore and iron man won when attending the party. tony warns that time travel could create several branches in time. and mordo too warned doctor strange of this in his solo movie. doctor strange, in infinity war, also said that he'd only seen one timeline in which they won, which is why he holds up one finger in the final battle. this also signifies that there is one minute between him doing this and tony carrying out the snap. his finger also shakes, as the character is still recovering from the car crash in his solo movie. speaking of timelines, you might remember in avengers that tony told loki there was no version in which he would come out on top. however, in this film, the character actually does, showing that tony was wrong. time travel is fascinating, and it actually seems like several characters may have a gift with time itself. in thor ragnarok, when loki and thor are outside shady acres, the former said he could not see into the future as he's not a witch. in end game, friga can tell that thor is from the future because, as she says, she was raised by witches. this implies that witches can tell the future in the mcu. and i love the way it references this line from my favorite thor movie. it's not the only touching exchange between parent and child either. as when howard asks tony about his father, stark junior says he did his best. this is a nod to the bath demonstration in civil war, in which tony shows that he wishes he told his father, i love your dad, and i know you did the best you could. jarvis too, pops up as his butler. and if you've seen agent carter, then you'll know he was a big part in that series. after failing to convince tony to help them, they go to bruce banner, who we learn has melded his mind with the hulk. this was actually foreshadowing in thor ragnarok, when bruce looked over the recording from age of ultron, and we could see, as the two characters faces lined up, the kids that come to take a photo with him are also children of the russos, who too appeared in the winter soldier. from here, we watch as tony manages to solve time travel after inverting a mobius strip. this idea was inspired by a photo peter parker, who he saw holding up his stock internship certificate upside down. tony even says that he got some mild inspiration before running the final simulation, showing that peter somewhat helped to save the universe. now there's a ton of callbacks to their friendship throughout the final battle. and you may remember that in spider-man homecoming, there's a hilarious scene in which peter thought tony was going in for a hug. tony said, we're not there yet. but in end game, tony hugged peter when he saw him, to show just how much he changed. tony also hugs his dad upon seeing him. and in iron man 2, he did tell fury that his father never hugged him. a photo of howard is also placed in front of the one with peter, hammering home these father and son relationships. peter and tony can be seen holding up two fingers behind each other's heads. and this could be interpreted as being a peace sign. in iron man, tony said that with peace, he'd be out of the job. and he mocked this idea by holding up two fingers with the soldier in the fun b however, upon escaping the cave, he held two fingers up to the rescue chopper to show how much that had changed him. he also did it when exiting the senate hearing in iron man 2, and when repairing his relationship with cap he said, i just want peace. in civil war, spider-man told tony that he'd never get a chance to play football due to his powers. but we do see him get the opportunity in the final battle, in which the character literally runs the gauntlet. you can also see peter's traditional spider-man costume under the suit when it becomes damaged. this is because he had it on under the iron spider armor all the way back in infinity war, and as he died on titan and then came straight to the final battle, he didn't have time to change. tony can also be seen cleaning up some dishes, suggesting that steve nat and scott did stay for dinner, they just didn't talk. shop morgan says i love u3000, which tony, of course, says back to her in his recording at the end. and on top of this, the total run time of the infinity saga is three thousand minutes. cut to hulk and co trying to figure out time travel. and we actually see the big green giant having to use a pencil to press the buttons on the control panel as his fingers are too big. time gets pushed through scott. and the actor that plays the teenage version of him also played brandon in bright burn. kill him. kill him while you still can. now it is possible that if they want to bring banner back, then they could use this machine to reverse him to his prior form. and we do know that a younger version of the character will be popping up in she-hulk, so i i'm just saying, fan theories abound. anyway, from here, they traveled to townsburg in order to get thor. this place is actually critical to the mcu, and it was the ground in which the asgardians fought on centuries ago. it also appeared at the beginning of captain america as the hiding place of the tesseract. and in ragnarok, before odin died, he said to thor and loki, remember this place home? here we see that the asgardians have turned it into a little fishing village. and you can also see a gladiator walking around in the background as they pull up. this is actually the same one that was in korg's uprising all the way back in ragnarok. now how these guys survived the attack by thanos in infinity war is actually hinted at right at the beginning of that movie, as we can see that the ship itself is split in half. thanos, of course, had been traveling the universe and halving the populations of locations. and as these were the remaining survivors of asgard, he allowed half of them to live in thor's house. we can catch a couple of cool little easter eggs, including moss and korg. mars tends to only gather on a stone when it's been stationary for some time, and thus this hints towards his very, very lazy lifestyle. korg is playing fortnite against noob master 69. and we can also see that his screen name is ragnarok and roll. thor talks about a cable problem, and this is a reference to how josh brolin played both cable and thanos. we can also catch your hulk and iron man pez dispenser as thor is walking about the property. and i really, i really want to buy these. i don't, i don't care if i've been wasting my money through lockdown. now, door is pretty beat up about the whole thing with thanos, and throughout the movie we see him putting eye drops in. however, he only ever places them into one eye. as you may remember that the character now has a synthetic one. black widow travels to get hawkeye. and you might notice that along the skyline in tokyo there are several buildings that all have their lights completely out. this hints at how low the population now is. and once more, it's great attention to detail. hawkeye and black will go on a big journey together throughout the movie. and after the latter dies, we actually see that he takes her wristband. throughout the saga, she has worn this, and in the final battle, we can see him donning this on his left hand. you may remember that in winter, soldier nat wore an arrow necklace. so i like how there's this continued idea of friends carrying the symbols of each other. it isn't the only call back between buddies either. as when steve sets out on his mission to return the stones, he says to bucky, don't do anything stupid until i get back. bucky replies, how can i? you're taking all the stupid with you. this is actually a call back to captain america, the first avenger, in which the conversation was reversed, with steve delivering the opposite dialogue to bucky before he went off to fight in world war ii. before leaving on his mission, cap looks in the direction of where his old version would later be sat, and he says, i'll be back. at the end of the film, steve and peggy finally get that dance. and in the background, we can hear the same song from when steve found few in his apartment, all the way back in winter soldier. the song is called, it's been a long, long time, which is, of course, a reference to the journey that steve has been on to finally get to his long lost love. tony calls thor lebowski because he looks like the big lebowski who jeff bridges, aka obadiah stain, played stark, also gives rocket the nickname ratchet. and this is a nod to the furry sony character, who's great with technology. speaking of technology, the quantum realm suits themselves actually bring together a lot of different technologies from the mcu. the blue visor tech is from the guardians. the pin particles help to shrink them down. and the nanotech that creates the suits was developed in wakanda and adapted by tony for his suit in infinity war. hawkeye tests out time travel. and he journeys back to his home, picking up his son's baseball glove along the way. this is actually very important, as when his children were dusted at the beginning of the movie, they dropped their baseball mitts. so him picking this up is symbolic of him having another chance to get them back after he's returned to the present. we can see that scott is carrying some orange slices, and this is a call back to civil war, in which the character asked for some due to being in pain because of the airport battle. the groups suit up and head out. and when they put their hands together, it's actually meant to resemble a top down view of the ark reactor. the first team arrive at 2012, and we watch as tony enters stock tower, the feet on his armor retract first so that he can land silently in the building. we see loki impersonate captain america, which is a callback to throw the dark world, and it also becomes the reason that cap thinks loki is impersonating him. later, during the fight, older cap holds the younger one in the headlock and tells him about bucky, which is a call back to civil war, in which crossbones threw the character off by also mentioning his friend on the ground floor, thor says that they're going for lunch, which is a reference to the schwarma scene. from the post-credits scene of avengers, we see alexander pierce from the winter soldier. and two get an amazing call back to that movie with the elevator scene. cap realizes that he should use his smarts instead of his fists, and drops the phrase, hail hydra to get the stuff, which is an odd to the to the rage inducing time it turned out that he was a hydra agent in the comics. i'll never forget. now, there's also a lot of similarities in the way that the scenes are shot, including some gun readying just in case things go to hell. now, when exiting the building, tony does a similar suit up to what he did in the first avengers movie. however, his suit quickly engages over him, instead of when he almost hit the pavement in that movie, which shows just how far his technology has come. he also goes out the same window that loki threw him through in that film, and it's a nice little repeat of that scene. after that, loki gets the tesseract and goes off the star in his own show on disney. plus, the avengers are then forced to go to the 70s, namely the camp that we saw in both captain america, the first avenger and the winter soldier. upon arriving in the decade, where sean stanley, who looks exactly the same as how he did in a picture from the era. his bumper sticker also says, enough said, which is a famous line that he used to use when writing editorials for the comics. tony sneaks into the basement, and this is actually the place where cap and that would find zola's consciousness stored on data banks at the back of the room. we can actually see zola's face on a computer screen. and not long after, when steve is sneaking around, you can catch what looks to be the doctor. tony is able to find the tesseract because of its gamma signature. in the avengers, we learn that bruce was brought on to find the tesseract because of the gamma that it emitted. so it's nice that it's brought up here again. tony and his dad have a farther distant moment, and when going to shake each other's hands, tony grabs his dad's finger, to which howard says, shake, don't pull. you may remember that in infinity war, tony tried to pull the gauntlet off thanos's hand, but this didn't work. so at the end of the movie, tony shakes the stones free of thanos's gauntlet instead of trying to pull the entire thing. throughout the saga, we've also seen as tony has refused to be handed things. this happened at the start of iron man 2, when he was served, later when he refused to take strawberries. and at the start of the avengers, however, he happily holds flowers for his father because he trusts him. steve catches a glimpse of peggy carter, and we also hear her talking about braddock, aka brian braddock, aka captain britain. when taking the pin particles from hank, steve takes four in total. this is two for him and stark to return to the present, and one for him to go to the past, and another to eventually return to the present. and as god, rocket manages to get the ether from jane foster, and he's chased through the location by asgardian forces. they say, get that rabbit, which is a nod to when thor called him one in the prior film. one by one, they get the stones back, but there's actually a clue that an altered timeline has been created. when black widow dies, we can see blood stains beside her. and these also appeared beside gamora when she died in infinity war. that event actually happened after what we see in endgame. and thus the fact that widow's body isn't there when gamora dies shows that a branched reality was created. now the group get the stones and return to the present in order to carry out the snap with them is an old version of nebula, who is still loyal to thanos. and had the avengers only paid attention, then they would have noticed this. now, when removing the power stone, we can see that nebula badly damages her arm, but the one in the present is fine. thus there's clearly been a switcheroo. however, the avengers are too devastated by the death of natasha to know is this. and you may have seen several posts stating that they represent the kubler-ross stages of grief. thor represents denial because he believes they can use the stones to bring her back. hulk represents anger as he throws a bench across the lake. steve represents bargaining, as he promised natasha that their sacrifices would be worth it. and tony represents depression as he's barely able to speak. hawkeye is the only one who represents acceptance, as he says they can't go back and get her, and it can't be undone. atoni rocket and hulk place the stones into the gauntlet. and this scene massively resembles the one in captain america, the first avenger, in which howard too moved. the tesseract about rocket jokingly says, boom. but in the first avenger, it did actually explode, which is a nice little nod to that movie. thor puts himself forward to carry out the snap, and he says that he's the strongest avenger. however, hulk ends up doing it. this is something that the pair went back and forth over in ragnarok. and after thor failed to access the quinjet by calling himself the strongest avenger, hulk was able to, and was greeted with the computer calling him the moniker. or guy's wife calls him. and as she was the first person to get dusted in the movie, i love how she's also the first person that we know returned. thanos is pulled through the portal, and he then attacks the base just before nebula signals for him. we can see that there's a date on the screen which says 2988 bc. this is actually the air that the opening of thor the dark world took place in. so it shows that the avengers had a contingency plan in case they were unable to get the ether. scott only manages to survive the attack by shrinking. and we can later see the upgraded war machine armor behind him as he looks about for survivors. when war machine is at avengers hq, he also gets out the suit by saying, canopy, canopy, canopy, which is code for a jacket. eject. eject in the air force. the trinity of the avengers meet thanos outside, and he can be seen playing with stones, foreshadowing his goal to collect the infinity stones once more. now, the final battle has a ton of tiny little things in it that you may miss if you're not paying close attention. when fighting thanos, cap throws the shield and then the hammer added, which knocks thanos off balance. and this is a call back to when the two struck one another in avengers. cap gets the hammer, and he swings it round as a weapon, whilst using the shield to guard himself. peter parker would later do something similar with a drone gun. and signpost at the end of far from home, showing that he learned from the avengers that came before him. when falcon returns, he says, on your left, which was, of course, set up in the winter, soldier. and when old joe biden cap is on the bench at the end, sam also approaches him on his left. thor uses lightning to charge your pine man's armor. and as we discovered in avengers, this powered up the suit exponentially. the wasp exits a tiny portal, and she also calls captain america cap, which he mocked scott for doing in ant-man in the wasp. we can also see howard the duck for a split second in the crowd. and i know you noticed that, but on my last breakdown, i thought was, i was. it was so obvious i just left it out, and i got absolutely hammered for it, so i'm not doing it this time. we catch spider-man swinging on ant-man in order to move forward. and black panther calls hawkeye clint. this is coming full circle from civil war, in which the latter tried to introduce himself, and panther said, i don't care. the end of the film culminates with tony carrying out the snap and killing thanos and his forces. he says, i am iron man, which not only ended his first solo movie, but it was also what he said at the end of iron man 3 to end his trilogy. it also comes at the end of his last appearance. and i'm not, i'm not crying. you're crying. now, not only can you hear tony's nano machines taking the stones out of thanos's gauntlet and putting them into his suit, but there are also a couple of neat little callbacks to the prior film. the first time we hear thanos talk an infinity war, he says he knows what it's like to lose and how it turns the legs to jelly. when dying, the first thing he does is sit down. why this scene is also perfect is because the camera movement mimics his victory at the end of avengers infinity war, and it pans across exactly the same way to show the victory and defeat in a similar light. at tony's funeral, everyone stands there looking really sad, except for mantis, who sways in a rocking motion. this was put in place because it's actually typical of mantids to sway when they're stood still. we also see the kid from iron man 3 all grown up, who, and i really hope the rumors are true that he's gonna become iron lad morgan, tells happy that she wants some cheeseburgers. and this is a reference to the first iron man, in which tony made happy get him some after returning home from being held hostage. we also see in peter's school that there's a blonde head girl with a white web pattern on her skirt. and has been theorized that this is gwen stacy. the credits end with the clanging noise of iron man building his suit in the first film. and this brings everything full circle. all 22 films before this are also paid lip service to buy stock. in the beginning of endgame, who says they've been adrift for 21 days, no, 22. anyway, that's our entire list, and i just want to give a huge thank you to you for staying until the end. a ton of work went into this video. so if you enjoyed it, then please, please drop a thumbs up. i know you've probably seen some of these easter eggs in not only my videos, but also ones by new rock stars, canadian lad beyond, epic and screen crush. so also huge shout outs to them as well. these easter eggs have been floating around in my head for for the best part of a year now, and it's always difficult to remember exactly where they first came from. and i have nothing but appreciation for my fellow easter egg hunters out there. so yeah, definitely check out those channels as well. now, the next saga we're going to be tackling is the dark knight trilogy. but i will of course be popping back to cover the marvel movies that i haven't so far, such as doctor strange and ant-man. so definitely stick around for them. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come check this on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. now, not only can you hear tony's nano machines taking the stones off thanos's gauntlet and putting them into his suit, but there are also a couple of neat little call backs to the prior film. 