welcome to the man of recaps. this is the man in the high castle season for the final season. at the end of season three, Julianne Crain was a prisoner. but, oh, she's meditating, and, boom, travels to an alternate reality. and good news, she made it to one where the Nazis did not conquer America. and guess what, Good Samaritan happens to find her Nazi, John Smith. there's a little bit of a time jump. Juliana settled into a new life here. she's even got a boyfriend. who's that? oh, actually, it's not Joe Blake. it's just a random dude. I was a hundred percent sure that after Julianna killed Nazi Joe Blake last season, she was gonna meet him in alternate earth where it's a good Joe Blake, and they were gonna get together. but I guess not. speaking of good characters not returning, trade minister to go me has been assassinated. yeah. the Crown Princess of Japan was visiting town when there was an attempt on her life. and Tacoma, he's the one that got it. all the evidence points to a member of the black Communist rebellion. but Chief Inspector Takeshi Kido knows this was too easy. his commanding officer tells him to drop it. so it was obviously an inside job, and Kido basically tricks this guy into admitting it. now what is the black Communist rebellion? well it's exactly what it sounds like. one of their leaders is this woman, Mallory. and they're planning an attack when a bunch of Japanese bigwigs will be at an art auction hosted by none other than Robert childen. his antique business is doing really well these days. he's even got himself a cute Japanese assistant slash girlfriend. so the BCR reaches out to the regular resistance, led these days by our Irish friend Wyatt price. they pose as caterers and have to test all the food for poison, but they don't check inside the pig where they've hidden a bunch of guns. so the auctions going well till they come out blasting. and it's a huge success. they take out a bunch of Japanese generals. now, Nazi John Smith is burning all the high castle films. in fact, they've given the man in the high castle his own Twilight Zone type show. this discredits any of the real films. makes it look like just a publicity stunt for a new show. of course, the only reason he's doing it is because they've got him and his wife prisoner. the Nazis have basically perfected their stranger things type dimensional portal. they've been sending spy teams through, collecting intelligence, and have now basically mapped out the multiverse with intentions to conquer at all. John Smith has a personal interest in the closest world, where his son Thomas is still alive and well. but wait a second. who's that in the background? it's julianna crane. yeah, she in the Smith's are friends in that world. so Nazi John an assassin there to kill her. but good John Smith saves her, and, oh, the assassin kills him. guy has to report that awkward news to his boss. but this is good for John Smith. remember, you can only travel if your doppelganger in that world is dead. so John Smith's going to America. John Smith steps right into his doppelgangers happy life there, where his wife still loves him and his son Thomas is still alive. he hugs him for a super awkwardly long time. it's like, dad, I see you every day. things are awkward though, when his best friend comes over, it gives John panic. flashbacks to the end of his World War two, when the Nazis occupied America. the Nazis were offering amnesty to any American soldiers that joined them. John Smith had his wife and newborn son to think about, so he's like, yeah, I gotta do it. unfortunately, though, the offer did not apply to Jews. so later, John did nothing as his best friend was carted away to be killed. and it was a scarring moment in this world, though. Vietnam starting up, and Thomas wants to join the Marines. good John Smith might have said the right things to talk him out of it, but not see, John Smith tries to talk him out of it, but for all the wrong reasons. so Thomas gets mad and enlists right then in there. so Thomas goes off to die for his country, just like his thomas in nazi world. now, after the art auction attack, they took Robert childen hostage. he talks his way out of being killed once again, and offers to use his contacts to set up a meeting for peace talks. the Japanese command has a complicated situation this season. basically, the Crown Princess and some of her friends are thinking about pulling out of America because they can't really hold it. but some of the generals are not gonna let that happen. the peace talks go well until the black leaders assassinated. yeah, at f8, I tell them. and the good generals under arrest for meeting with terrorists. they charge him with treason, which inspector Kido is okay with. but when they add on conspiring to assassinate trade minister to go me, Kito won't let that stand. he makes a last-minute decision to call off the execution and arrest the real general who did it. Julianna crane and Good Earth realizes she'll never be safe while the Nazis still control the other one, so she meditates herself back over there and quickly rejoins the resistance. now remember John Smith's wife, Helen left him at the end of last season. she and the girls have been living in the neutral zone with her brother, but John Smith's like, hey, it's time to come home. her time away, though, has made Helen realize the Nazis are super evil. one day, Himmler comes for dinner. he survived his assassination attempt. he's brought with him a hot new over group and Fuhrer, who is made very clear will be John's replacement if he and his family don't get their act so Helen's gotta keep up appearances as the perfect nazi wife. their youngest daughter is totally indoctrinated by the party. but her teenage daughter, spending a year in the neutral zone has made her realize all this Nazi stuff is crazy. she talks to her friend about how her mom's just faking it, and the resistance was listening. Juliana realizes getting to helen is the best way to get to Johnson. if she approaches Ellen secretly, trying to get her to help the resistance take down John. Helen's got a new handler now, though, who's not letting her out of her sight. why? it's disguised as a janitor. they have a big knife fight, and Juliana's got to choke her out. helen sees this and is like, no, thank you. no resistance for me. meanwhile, the black Communist rebellions in disarray with their leader dead. but Mallory steps up and wants to plan a new attack on the oil pipeline. so boom, it's a series of coordinated attacks all up and down the California coast. and after that, they have to admit they just can't hold California anymore. the Japanese are pulling out. childen asked his Japanese girlfriend to marry him, and they're trying to go to Japan, but they won't let him through. he's too white. he goes to see the head of the Yakuza, who could definitely get him over there. but just then Chief Inspector Kido bust into we met Kido son this season, who was having PTSD war flashbacks, and so racked up a huge opium debt with the Yakuza. yugudah bosses like, hey, we'll forgive your son's debt if you join up with us. and Inspector key votes like, yeah. the world's falling apart. why not? Robert children still there? he's like, um, so can I go and it's like, yeah, I get out of here. but with the Japanese leaving, clearly the Nazis are gonna roll right in there. in Berlin, they have a big war meeting, where John Smith is the outcast because he's not German. in fact, they bring him J Edgar Hoover with a case against John. he's had John and his family under surveillance for a while, and he's got a mountain of evidence of Helen and John saying treasonous things, similars like, John, don't you have anything to say in your defense? John Smith's like, not really. only that, I'm gonna strangle you right here. hold moob, John. how you gonna get away with this though? oh, he doesn't have to. looks like this was part of a planned coup. he was working with sexy new obergruppenfuehrer. these two have agreed to split the Reich in half. he's gonna take Europe, and John Smith's gonna be Fuhrer of America. Helen's like, wow, this is amazing. you're in charge now we can stop being evil, right? but John's just too far gone down the Nazi path. now she finds out he's planning concentration camps in the western states. so she calls up Juliana like, hey, I'll help you take him out. so next time he's taking a train over to portal the resistance is gonna blow it up. John and Helen have their final confrontation where she's like, hey, you're not just doing what you have to to survive anymore. you've become the bad guy. it has to stop and boom, train explosion. Oh, big ol crash. John Smith's a badass, so he survives. Helen, though, is not so lucky. Juliana tracks down John Smith, and he's like, you know, I realized I am the bad guy and, oh, he kills himself. over in California, they're ready to defend themselves against the Nazi invasion. but now, with John Smith dead, the next guy in command is like, whoa. call off the attack. he's like, yeah, um, is everyone cool if we just stop being Nazis? yeah, let's do that. the resistance, meanwhile, has taken over the dimensional portal. just then it activates itself, and a bunch of people coming through. who are these people? oh, they're just a bunch of random it's left super unclear. I think the implication is that, like, the portals just all the way open now, and people can just go travel to whatever world is the best for that no one knows. but in any case, that's how man in the high castle comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 