[Music], welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. firstly, I want to say thanks for all of the positive comments and emails after my last video to update y'all on it. I do feel that I may have had a bad reaction, in particular to this rare film I talked about. it was more the camera quality in and the points of views of death that gave me anxiety, rather than the dead bodies themselves. perhaps that's a good way to put it. I guess I don't really want to cross that line with shocking memories and stuff like that. before we get into the film of today, let me introduce scrappy week. next week is scrappy week, in which we would do a lot of cool things. so make sure y'all have your bills clicked and stay tuned on to this film, girl hell, 1999, or just girl Hill. this title isn't just some random English assortment. it literally refers to this girl, Misaki, and her inhabitants in a girl hell, one where all the men are perverts, war murderers. now, I think we should get into it. I don't want to say too much off the bat, so do you want to see what happens, including all the rest up parts. stay tuned for the braids. now, cue to go on. [Music]. let me formally introduce you to Misaki, a real weirdo. she's alright, I guess. but to be truthful, this scene right out there here is after disaster. let's go back to the beginning to get an idea of how she ended up all bloody. it all begins in this industrial city. these two workers are chatting about romantic experiences like dating into such. the one on the left, I'll just call it Nezumi, and the one on the right is named Kenji. if it went obvious, they have no dating experience. but what they do have experience in is rape and murder. they don't see murderers, especially since they talk about their deeds like they're talking about any other regular subject. Kenji here says he is tired of rape, and that's because he fell in love with some girl from a distance. that girl is Misaki, who was on her way back to Grove Street. she looks happy go-lucky on the outside, but really she only finds enjoyment in one thing, visiting this homeless woman. she's a few sandwiches short of a picnic. so is good someone is helping her out. her fascination with this baby doll reminds me of the crazy lady from Tara fire. anyway, Misaki alerts herself to the lady calling her Barbara, which is like a nickname, cuz if bob-bob means hag, damn, all you brought was a loaf of bread, no meat, no spread. she attempts to feed that baby doll, but it seems like all he wants is milk, and not from a bottle. but Saki seems sad, seeing something related to motherhood. meanwhile, inside a storage closet, a middle-aged man is having sex with a schoolgirl doing compensated dating. the audio you're about to hear is someone do that too good of a time. anyway, the client wants the tissue she used. I'm not saying what's on the tissue, but the takeaway is that she's about to make more money, because he wants to keep a souvenir. anyway, back with Misaki, someone jacked her bike. see who still his bike seats not she gotta walk all the way home. while walking, she Nisa with the girl who was doing compensated dating. it looks like they're best friends over although she seems to be a little jealous of Misaki. she finds her way home, but it's clear she dreads going back. that's how I look at the realizing, I gotta get out of bed. inside is moaning from two people. first look at this house. the sink is a mess. if I lived in a place this dirty, I might as well go rest outside. a painful scream scares Misaki into dropping a dish, and her deadbeat father, nasty ass father, comes out bullying her. her incestuous dog of a father causes her to break commit this gruesome self-harm. it's not the first time since her arm is all bandaged up that morning we heard was actually her father raping her big sister. but that's not the worst part. her sister is disabled after a vicious car accident. it means he taped her up in this position she shouldn't be in, and also dressed her up in this old school uniform. every dude in this movie is sick and perverted. the sister has a deeper voice than I thought. but she questions why her cowards sister didn't call for help. believing Misaki to be jealous of her past and happy that her sister is invalid. now I don't know whether that's true or not, but I wouldn't count it out. later that night, a Blood Moon luminate, a sign of disaster, and possibly also a sign that this movie is based on another earth. I'm not just saying that. it just literally feels like another universe. the thing about this household is that misaki's mom left the whole family behind. this is spoken about from Kenji here, which is weird how he even knows about this in the first place. Kenji believes he can make amends for all that he's done if he days Misaki, a girl seemingly selfless and good. meanwhile, Misaki is hanging with Barbara, but becomes intrigued seeing her give that titty milk to her baby doll. the baby doll is called Haruka. wait, like, here, use daughter. I'm sorry for mission to kill you so much, but it's just like, like, what a guy, you know? anyway, Misaki looks into the mirror. what I mean by that is that she sees herself as Haruka. in a way, she really misses her mother. unexpectedly, Barbara gives Misaki a big old hug, just out of sheer happiness, I guess. but even Barbara's crazy ass didn't think Misaki would grab ahold of her titty and start getting herself some baby food. honestly, he's presenting in a sexual way, almost. but truly, I guess she just wants to feel loved like Haruka the doll was, even if he was fake. back at home, Misaki stops her father from raping her sister with a knife in hand. sorry if it's a bit too dark, but we already know how this is gonna end up. the father is like, you hate me? well, your mother is the one who abandoned us for another man. Misaki thought she left cuz she wanted to escape her abusive husband. either way, she's trashed. like, why would you leave your kids behind? this random black and white zoom in happens a lot. maybe is representing some kind of mental break in misaki's mind. the next morning, while Misaki days is off, she suddenly gets interrupted by an awkward kingi without even introducing himself. obviously nervous, he hands her a note saying to meet him at this bridge after school. oh, brother. after school. she then show up, not cuz she didn't care, cuz she talks all about it to her best friend. here. kenji takes it personally, and his friend prematurely convinces him she isn't coming and that they should take revenge on her for not meeting up with him. how should the attacker? the cunning warrior attacks neither body nor mind. they feel that they must attack her heart. her heart lies with Barbara. they roll up on Barbara like she stole something. this is probably not the last time, but how many times do I gotta say this is why we need people like here. you he wouldn't stand for no hobo harassers. and the struggle, they tear off the dog's baby's head and knock her to the floor. but one wrong step on, Barbara gets to do covered in a milk facial. last time I said that was on goes ooh. she's didn't beat brutally with the back to death. after she is dead, Candy's friend has sex with the body. later, Misaki comes to the bridge. she came a little later than usual, meaning the two idiots didn't have to try to take revenge if they waited a few more minutes, not to mention. she feels stood up too. this is a funky situation back at home. Misaki stands in dread of going inside like usual, but randomly, some man startles her. he knows her full name too. he presents himself as some kind of educational worker wanting to talk about a scholarship. she didn't want to talk inside her toxic household, so he suggests a brief talk in his car. I wouldn't expect him to have a serving though. sure enough, looks like this educational workers, some kind of rich pervert. meanwhile, the father is interrupted from his habitual rape of his daughter. somebody's knocking on the door. his kin G and Nezumi, and they do everybody a favor by killing the father. I love when bad people kill other bad people. the two men didn't torture Misaki sister by spraying water all over her. I don't think that's good for the scars and stuff like that. they both then rape her, and blood is left all over the shower floor. back with Misaki, turns out he was the one who stole misaki's bike seat. the rich man gives it back to her in addition to some money, but she rejects him, saying she didn't want help from a weirdo like him. she runs back home, discovering her dead father, and also heard the C's sister see how she running out yelling for help. wish she would've did that any other time. she walked in on her father assaulting her sister. the rich pervert hears the commotion and hoser as she passes out from the grief. she later wakes up, but she is tied up and gagged. this rich pervert is going to take advantage of her, and one of the weirdest ways I've ever seen, he brings out some weird sraw device, sticks to pipe in inside of her meow and drinks up something nasty. P drinker. he didn't let her out. she walks away with the final mind break. you would think she is now about to let loose. she's walking to find Barbara, but the two murderers surprise her in the middle of her walk. she gives them a ghostly, detached look before getting heated on the ground. she seems dead, if anything, depriving the two of the predatory satisfaction. they won they want her to scream in bed. but since she isn't, Kinji can't get hard. Nezumi makes fun of him for it, but gets murdered by Kinji with the screwdriver out of humiliation and anger. in the midst of the depraved moment, Misaki gets up and walks away. finally, we are where we started. but that's not at all like what I thought would happen. I thought she was about to murder everyone. well, she does kill someone, but not we might expect. when Saki goes tors Barbara's Kim but instead of a dead Barbara, she finds a bruised Barbara. I'm surprised she's alive. but also, she has a new doll in her hand. and you remember Haruka, the other baby dog got her head cut off. Misaki asked what happened to her ago, but sees Haruka on the ground, abandoned, just like.how misaki's mom abandoned her. Misaki lashes out in a psychotic rage by beating Barbara with a bat. it's a surprise she's even alive after so many bad swings. when Barbara does call out Haruka, I'm guessing it's like either taking back what she did by changing dolls, or understanding misaki's emotion Misaki rejects it and kills Barbara with a bat to the head, knocking her head out of the park. and that's it. I went into this movie thinking I'd see some innocent idiot turned into a cold-blooded killer. I guess the film was more for the sake of just showing perverts and sickos. now that we got through this film, let's talk about the most disturbing moment and most enjoy a moment, and that spooky stuff. okay, let's get right into it. the mostest thermoman is easily when Kinji and his friend broke in and raped and murdered Misaki sister. I can see that seeing scarring a lot of people really. it just kind of came out of nowhere, and now you were stuck with seeing it for a bit. plus, any kind of rape is usually the worst part of a movie. the most enjoy moment is probably the ending. and I'm not saying that because I'm glad it's over. I'm saying that cuz that corny little killing scene was laughable. I wouldn't be surprised if Barbara is literally misaki's real mom and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video, and if you did, make sure you check out some similar videos if you haven't seen them before. stay tuned for next week, scrapy week. we got a lot of cool things to talk about. thanks for watching. spooky out 