so there's this movie out there that's supposed to be for kids, like it's a kid's film, since obviously families definitely want to go to the theater for this. but you know me, I'm the guy who makes the sacrifices, right? I'll go watch the movies that I know I don't want you guys to go see, that I wouldn't wish upon my worst enemy. and I'll tell you what, I was about to give this movie or rent it, until I knocked some common sense into me, and I realized what this movie was doing and that I was duped. let me explain. see, if you saw that trailer and survived, then you would know why everyone hates America. but after coming out of this movie, I realized what they were trying to do, right? how they were trying to trick you, how they were trying to dupe you the movie, thinking it was slick, that it's cunning. and I ain't the first one to figure this out, because this movie gave us a terrible trailer, so that when we go into the movie, we would come out going, Oh, ain't that bad when really it's mediocre. you see half of the things that are in the trailer, aren't even in the movie, right? they ain't got the bad puns, they ain't got the fart joke staying got this majestic twerking [Music]. so it's kind of like they wanted to lower your expectations to get away with making this mediocre movie. bet I'm on to the reverse catfishing. and you see this franchise, hot damn, it's a franchise. it's pretty much becoming Toy Story with gnomes, like they come alive and they prance around the UK. I also going all wish upon a time with it, because they're bringing fairy tales and like the old novels and literature to life that they have had with these last year, right? and they hint at making other things, like a game of gnomes, Indiana gnomes known for maniac volume 2. and I ain't gonna lie and say that, you know, it can't be interesting, right? movies like hoodwinked have done it correctly, in my opinion. but these guys are too busy who winking. you like when your last movie came out like, three decades ago, and then you come up and you switch up the characters, not a right? like they pull a Justice League. Batman on your boy Romeo over here, right? I remember when Batman was so tough and brooding in one movie, and then in like, the follow-up, he's like a punk, right? he's being pushed around, no meals, a pleb. in this one, there's this whole thing going out there by all the dogs. and people are complaining about racism and appropriation. but have y'all seen this movie? this movie has this scene at a certain point, it becomes like this random musical, just because they got mary j blige, right? they got gnomes kissing other living creatures, even though they're inanimate objects. but I'll be straight with you, it's not like the entire movie is bad, right? and it's not like there's too much to say about it. Wow. I wasn't it by saying good things. I like the 2d animation. I like the twist with Watson. and I know that there's a stigma with Johnny Depp, but, I mean, he tried. it's almost like Johnny Depp's been trying to be Sherlock Holmes for the longest time, but, like, Robert Downey took his job, and then Mordecai didn't work out. so he had to settle. yeah, it is that over a no. but all that said, I've never trusted gnomes when they were just chilling on their lawns, right? and I trust them less in their movies, especially when they try to trick you with these mind games. no way, Jose. thank you guys for checking out this video. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. you guys wanted me to cover this, and like I said, I'm trying to cover as many things that I can. ain't much to say about this one. like I said, maybe if you got a kid, drop them off at the theater two years old. you ain't gotta waste your time with this movie. but let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section, what you want me to review next. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you'll be nominated to get a No 