it's been a month. you're sleeping on our floors. you're wearing clothes made from our grapes. it is high time to reopen the academy of unseen art. i do have an idea, a portal, which i will allow you to use in the forest of torment, la fleur de mal it is the original flower of evil. praying to the dark lord who wished our enslavement, whom we unseated. this lion settles me. i mean, why don't we pray to lilith now? sabrina, how wonderful. you know why i'm here. oh, you mean young nicholas scratch, hello michelle. mel we live. what is it you seek? not a what? [Music] scotland. and who do you propose? with rules taliban will restore stability and do what lucifer failed to do, conquer the earth? i am sabrina, morningstar, and that throne is mine by blood and by birth. you cannot fulfill your father's duties. i can with lilla. a king or queen may be challenged, it's true, but a certain number of signatures are to be got a little crumbled. my aunties may have reopened the academy, but they've never reopened the dungeons. i cast out the devouring worm meal of the deep one. i thank you for saying. spent 15 years inside a temporal church of my own creation, purifying myself to wield magics you couldn't possibly fathom. and we will bear witness to the birth of the unspeakable. together we can. sorry. sorry. sorry. you. okay, i'm so sorry. i wasn't looking where i was going. yeah, robin, don't kill our father, please. judas, we'll take him and the egg back to greendale. there we will interrogate your father, and then he can pay for his crimes. i thought the dark lord was bad. i thought he was dangerous. i couldn't just leave nick in hell all himself. auntie, you two know each other. that makes the soul transference a little easier, doesn't it? nancy? judy and judas will be your arm [Music]. and what starve will they? it's a living doll spell. caliban, demon, prince of hell, challenge the morning star to her seats on the throne. i have gathered 666 signatures of the highest born of hell. legend has it, he who finds and collects the relics, they take his seat on the throne. i accept heaven is in crisis. the warlock dead. coven members stricken with fevers and weakness. the crown of heroes might be able to harness its power, restore coven's strength. the islands where zephyrs breathed, sweet and low. for we wanted to make it one hell of a show. hildegard antoinette. spellman, will you marry me? yeah, i wasn't born. theo, i really like you. theo. the first round's yours. enjoy it. it's the last one you'll win. the kinkle boy, you can smell the innocence on him. the spinster wardwell too. she's a virgin. his vestal as well. let the green one be reborn. it is our fault. the covent's powers are waxing and waning. he offended the dark lord in some way, and so he withdrew his gifts from them, a little at a time, and then all at once. are you really so petty you'd render our entire coffin powerless vulnerable? i'll sneak into the snake charmer's tent and touch something of hers, maybe her hairbrush or something. well, you've saved me. a trip. my family and i, we follow many roads. so greendale is just one of your many stops, and you'll be moving on soon. perhaps we were here first. no, we were here first before the false god, before your dark lord. you let me sacrifice myself for you. you weren't worth it. bow and pray to our gods. you have three days to decide. sisters, come to us. nick. nick, nick. can you hear me that i acquired in loch ness harbours, properties that [Music] identical to it. start too quickly. quickly. she has returned with one of the most pernicious of arcane artifacts. i give you the bowl of pontius pilate. lucifer escaped from the academy. nobody knows where he is. what i need space, a break. i think you do too. so you're doing this for me, to protect me. why did you bring us here? grila pesto sycorax. mama murray, we face a common enemy, and our choice is simple. unite or die. what is it? your magnificence? the fetish doll given to me by adam. this gift is from the dark lord. and robin's one of them. they are planning a slaughter that i will not be parted. came to greendale to resurrect the pagan gods, starting with the oldest one, the green. a spell, a pagan spell, will occur, and then there's nothing that can be done. i've tried everything. i've tried. i'm going to die, i think, mary. someone's after me, someone bad, someone dangerous. and i need you to hide. and i've been thinking about those witches we summoned ambrose and your stone circle, and how it's time we go on the offensive. reveal thy self-deceiver. [Music]. [Applause], what turned you into a spider woman, that's why you have to shoot. separation ritual is quite simple, like splitting a yolk from an egg. now that lucifer is asleep, we have business to discuss. and quickly. [Music], this is for adam. we need help. here it is. so i choose in limbo, different words for the same place you separated me from, that buffoon, blackwood. black was gone. i gave him the mark of cain, which means no one can hurt him. he gave me your seat. what the satanic. miracle of miracles, i am with you. i seek an alliance with you. your enemy is my enemy. the church of night betrayed me, and i wish them death. you wouldn't kill your own son. i'm a hobgoblin. cool. um. what does that mean exactly? i can run. we are in the middle of a quest for the three objects of the unholy regalia. contest must be seen to the end. ambrose has a plan to re-energize the church of night's members. it's literally a matter of life and death. but i can't do it without your help. ross, thank you so, so much. father, she was already dead. talkers, but who did this to you? child? i did come to ask you, judas, where are the 30 pieces of silver you were paid to betray the nazarene? buried in a crypt with the first vampire, deep beneath the field of blessing. now, i want to play with you. this is stoppable. did you get them? i did. your son nearly killed me. let me feel their weight. [Music]. your warlock friend had to die the end of all flags. first day the house of morning star fell, the pagans beat back caliban and his armies. the earth was theirs. she was where caliban had left her, entombed in stone between her father and lilith, decades. in fact, she didn't know that they'd all died long ago, and that in the end, the only person who could save sabrina was herself. get the regalia, save greendale, and when you're done, it'll be your turn. sabrina. future, [Applause], can the eggs magics be used to send someone backwards through time? i have it. i have the answer. i know how the coven can regain its power and defeat the pagan. if she hasn't resurrected on her own, then i'll use what i learned in the next life to drag her back into this one. [Music], the witch of disease. she's good with decay. i killed your pathetic plant. god. now i think it's time you and your carnival left greendale. prudence, i won the unholy regalia and the throne, but you're right. i do have to go back to hell. that's not judas in the wall. it's caliban and the glamour. and the second you hand him that silver he'll win everything. i can meet you here in this moment in time, before there's even a timeline. the challenge has been won. the final item of the unholy regalia is mine. all across the realms, things returned to their natural balance. dr c, hilda, if i'd killed black one in scotland when i had the chance, all this can happen. he could have been avoided. but you wouldn't let me watch you. you gave up the throne at all, did you? i wasn't lying. i'm not the queen of hell. no, not cool. not at all. no. the ramifications of this, oh, horrifying atmosphere, but it worked. she's her. i mean, you're saying there are two of you, so if you're here, then that means she's behold the queen. starry abyss of night we shall commit our atrocity. haggadah, the egg, i am your priest. [Music], the beginning of the end. agatha. [Music], 