Oh. in a recent interview with Variety magazine, actor Idris Elba stated that James Bond should be played by a woman, emphasizing that it would be something different. whilst I respect the actors work and even championed him to be Daniel Craig's replacement, I massively disagree with the statement. while some may think this is sexist and just as bad as when Doctor Who fans cried out that the female replacement was the worst idea ever, I love that take on the character, and it seemed wholly refreshing for the archetype. this instead, is a look at the lack of creativity in Hollywood that is abundant at the moment, and how, rather than develop something different, they would rather just subvert the established in all honesty, I'm sick of the mentality of just make the character this demographic instead. it is lazy and shows a lack of understanding towards values. why not just make the female equivalent of bond and also leave James Bond as a male? not every character has to have a gender swap. if a character isn't for you, either let them be and die off, or invent a new one that focuses on the issues that you want to raise. case in point, Black Panther sees its release next month, and many fans, including myself, are very hyped for what the film will do in theaters and the Hollywood infrastructure itself. never before have we had a black superhero lead that seemed to be in the limelight in such a positive way. this could truly be revolutionary and changed the thinking of the way studios and the world approached the comic book genre. now imagine how lessened that effect would be if they'd already made the movies where Black Panther had been played by a white actor. in just swapping out the race, you also lessen the meaning. this was made evident by the race swap of Mary Jane in spider-man homecoming. sure, it was a good choice and something different, but did it really enforce the values of equality and give the black community something that they could rally behind? personally, I don't think it was anywhere near as creative as the new black love-interest, Liz. this original character was far more interesting and massively overshadowed Mary Jane Tudor originality. she ended up being more empowering, and her interracial lineage much more relatable adresses statement doesn't really seem to do anything other than pounded towards people. another example is Wonder Woman. Wonder Woman has always been a woman, and therefore, at a call, she is always a tentpole for women's rights and strong female leads. when the movie was released, there was an Oscar talk. this was all centered around an original female character. now Wonder Woman is opening the door for other female superhero characters. we've seen confirmation of a black widow and Batgirl film. and this all seems like a positive step forward. again, imagine if Wonder Woman used to be a man. I'm not exactly sure how that works, but just imagine if all that happened, and Wonder Woman man was suddenly swapped out to a different genre. then would the movement be as progressive as it was? I doubt it. and that is why we should always look for new characters to be at the forefront of new ideas. in relying on the past, we constantly remain there. also, I don't really think any audience member could keep a straight face if they ever heard the names bond Jane bond in a movie. so that's my thoughts on the Idris Elba, female James Bond debacle. do you agree? is it time we had a female bond? why is this better than just creating a new character? comment below and let me know, because I'd love to hear your thoughts. thanks for checking out the video. and if you'd like to see more points of views on films, comics and games, make sure you subscribe to my channel, even though I'm clearly a massive sexist. take care. peace you. [Music]. 