welcome to slash forward. continuing the trend, in this episode, we're going to attempt to avoid wrapping our brains up in knots with the 2009 film triangle, this sisyphean loop perfectly represents 2020. subscribe to discover the best pathway out. let's get to it. [Music]. we open on a sad mommy, gaslighting her special needs son about how everything is going to be different after her most recent emotional outburst. now he returned to scenes of suburban bliss, laundry, painting, cleaning, [ __ ], pooping, just leaves with her son, tommy, because she's going on a boating excursion for the day at the harbor. we meet sally and downey, greg's bougie friends, who brought their pal, heather, whom they intend to pair with greg for mating. but he's the one who invited jess. and she arrives shortly with his cabin boy, victor, and exhibits dazed and disoriented behavior, and is without tommy. she wakes up after a short nap feeling somewhat better. victor is a bit weirded out about her confusion regarding her son, but she and greg talk and he convinces her she's a great mom and deserves to have some time for herself. as they're led along by an albatross, sally expresses disapproval of heather's carnal interest in victor. but at this point, he's the only uncoupled male and he's a hemsworth. all chit-chat ends, however, when they suddenly lose their wind, strange considering there's a gale-force storm bearing down on them, they check in with the coast guard, but are interrupted by an sos call before the radio goes dead. and pretty soon it's time to bat down the hatches and whatnot. they seem to know what they're doing, but they do capsize regardless. very soon they find themselves in sunny skies, soaking up the rays, except heather, she never came to the surface. and then they're rescued by a random ghost ship. they hop on and delight in the possibilities of having an entire cruise liner to themselves. so they head to the bridge, while looking for signs of life. and jess is overcome with deja vu. greg tries to convince her she's crazy, but then a nearby stranger drops their keys and runs off and just recognizes them as her own, causing them and us to pee just a little bit. they find the banquet room set up with a royal spread, but still no people, until jess catches a glimmer in a nearby mirror, sending victor off down the musty hallways. jess and greg continue on, while sally and downey stay behind. but they're distracted by the sound of running water and find a room with instructions. greg assumes it to be a prank and continues on, but just feels compelled to go check on sally and downey. when she returns, we find this has turned into a ponderosa buffet, and she's soon joined by victor, who's drenched in blood, so maybe more of a golden corral. he begins to spontaneously choke her, and he would have kept at it if she hadn't managed to slip a finger into his neck hole. just then follows the sound of gunfire. arriving at the theater where everyone's pissed at her for inviting them there and shooting greg. she claims she didn't do it, and then tries really hard not to gloat when someone else starts slaughtering them, as you were saying. she runs but is eventually confronted by a bag-headed gunman. she manages to dodge all the buckshot, but not the gun, and then she engages in a game of axey crowbar. now cornered, the assailant says something about killing them all to get back home. and then she ends up completely alone. she attempts to regain her composure, but soon hears the cries of her capsized boat compadres looking for an assist onto the cruise ship. she then runs around, and we see her acclimating herself to all the events we previously witnessed, but from the other perspective. back in the water room, she finds the message already on the mirror, but when she peeks in on them, they're all where they should be. so she runs out to meet up with victor at his expected location, and tries to convince him there are multiples of her, and the rest of them all died, and therefore need to get off the ship. i mean, if we're dead and there's two of you, how we all gonna get off the ship? touche. this conversation leads to his cool new body mod which is a clear accident, so he shouldn't be trying to choke her later. she wrestles with this in the locker room, where the situation really comes into focus as she finds ample evidence of multiple repetitions of the cycle. now the instructions make more sense, but she opts to find a different way out getting all up in that cycle and feeling encouraged that it appears she can change outcomes. she doesn't manage to save greg, but she helps the others and leaves them momentarily to find victor. upon her return, she has to chase them down, since they've left with a baghead jess. in this cycle, they get knifed. sally manages to wander off, makes the sos call they heard on the boat, and then ends up at her favorite spot where she always goes after being gutted. jess runs up and tries to convince her that she's not a bad person, but sally's kind of busy dealing with some stuff from her higher vantage point. she witnesses the final fight, which ends in a different way than before. and when sally expires, she recognizes the boat comes back only after everyone dies. she tries to use it to escape, but she's not fast enough. she realizes she has to be ready next time. and so she sets to initiating its return. thinking she's got a grasp on things now. she runs off to go write the theater message with a juicy dollop of blood. then she invites sally and downey to a show. before donning full backhead regalia, she gets down to business, working hard to make the boat come back. but in the final stages, she fails to remember how to beat herself and ends up having to take a side dump into the water. surprisingly, this isn't the end. as she washes up onto a beach and regains consciousness. seeing her chance at a new start, she rushes home and watches jess act like an ass to her son. and she'll be damned if she lets that [ __ ] occupy her life. so she runs in through the back with a hammer to regain control of her family. afterwards, she acquires her lost locket and packs herself up for her trip. now she feels like she's home free and ready for a fresh start after taking care of this situation. when she goes to give the albatross a burial at sea, she sees that this is not the end of her loop, as she's been here before many times. when tommy freaks out about the blood, she gets distracted, crossing the center line and getting flipped by a truck. as she and tommy lay dying, she stands at a distance and is ushered away by a driver who has arrived to take her wherever she wants to go. she chooses the harbor, forcing her back into her incessant punishment cycle. and as she meets victor for the first time, the albatross continues its journey. i want to take a moment to mention that i have a website where you can support the channel through donations or merch and also give a huge thanks to my donors memorialized in the hall of head shots. man, i can't believe you've all been sleeping on this movie for so long. this is probably one of the most underappreciated films of the last decade. everything about it is top tier, and i'm still picking up new details after a handful of viewings. honestly, there are so many connections and references in the film it would take far too long to discuss it all here. all i can do is give a strong recommendation that you actively seek the movie out to give it a watch. and if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 