movie recap. this movie tells the story of wallace brighton, a comedian who works as a host for a podcast on the internet. he visited the maker of the video that was going viral in canada. however, he died after the action, before he arrived. in the end, he couldn't interview the person. then he got a free lodging flyer and got an interesting bonus story when he went to see named howard howe. apparently, the old man turned brighton's body into a walrus. they discuss various funny and viral things on the internet. they were watching a viral video showing a teenager swinging a katana. but the fateful thing was that he accidentally cut off his leg when he saw this. instead of being concerned, and teddy actually laughed out loud and said that he also felt sorry for her. instead, commented that the child should be grateful because the video was watched by many people. you're the master of self mutilation. going to help you like plums, like low hanging plums. finally, he decided to wake him up to canada. brighton took the initiative to meet the child for an interview. long story short, finally, brighton has arrived at the intended address. it turns out that the child who is going to be interviewed is now gone. said he killed himself. maybe he couldn't stand the ridicule of people and lived on one leg, then he ended his life. disappointed, brighton went to a bar and quickly called teddy inform him of the news of the child's death. brighton lamented on the phone that he thought the kid should have waited two days so he could interview his stupidity. went into the toilet and found a board full of paper, sports information, job advertisements and so on. then find something unique, notes from an old man who confesses that he has an amazing story to share. he was interested, and he was planning to meet the old man instead of having to go home empty-handed. then he rushed to the intended address. visited the supermarket to buy a drink dot and asked the cashier the address of the bifrost. then the cashier informed that the place is still far away, and it will take at least two hours to get there. then he used a car to travel that he rented with the help of directions from google map. finally, he made it to the address. and he was greeted by a paralyzed leg named howard. howard was welcoming. after they got acquainted, the old man began to tell about his experience. he told me that he was a chef on a shark hunting ship, but in the middle of the voyage, misfortune befell him. being ridden, crashed into a wall of ice and salt to the bottom of the sea. he floats alone in the middle of the russian black sea. in the end, found the island and was saved by a walrus. he also asked where brighton came from. he also said that he was not from canada. he's from los angeles. he also said that he was an announcer of a program on the internet, but not radio. he was interested in howard's experience, and so he was curious to hear the story of this house and used it as material. later, while drinking the tea given by howard, he continued to talk at length. he also likes the aroma of the tea he serves. after a while, brighton started to get a little weird. then suddenly, his vision started to blur and he felt dizzy. and it turned out that what was served to him had been mixed with drugs. it didn't take long for wales to lose consciousness and fall on the floor. after being hit by sleeping pills and tranquilizers, brighton dreams of meeting his girlfriend. he remembered the memories of making love to his girlfriend. actually, his girlfriend had warned him not to go to canada. he insisted, and was going to canada. brighton was starting to wake up and come to his senses. he knew he was in the middle of a room. she sits in a wheelchair. then howard came over to say hello and give him a drink. he said that brighton was unconscious because he was bitten by a spider like an elephant. so his feet are swollen. he asked his phone if he wanted to call his friends and girlfriend back home and ask the doctor. the doctor left here an hour ago. howard replied. moments later, felt strange because he couldn't feel his legs. then he said, so that the poison wouldn't spread. then he cut off his leg. brighton then removed the blanket covering his legs. then he was surprised, because his left leg was gone. the old man had an alibi. his leg did need to be amputated because it was bitten by the spider. of course, this fact is hard to believe. continue while asking for clarity to howard brighton asked the doctor. then he answered with a strange answer. he said the doctor was around. makes brighton feel cheated and distrust him. night has come. now he can only sit still because his whole body is paralyzed. because of the anesthetic, all he could do was scream hysterically. after it was time to eat, he couldn't move his hands. he just watched and listened to howard was talking about unintelligible spiders. brighton just fainted and couldn't do anything else. then brighton, called a fool, damn, ordered to get out of the wheelchair. but then howard suddenly stood up and walked over to britain and immediately slapped him. turns out howard wasn't paralyzed. it's just a trick data. he tricked his prey. howard says, start revealing his plans if it's going to turn b titan into a walrus. hearing this, of course, brighton, who was already panicking, became even more violent. elsewhere's ally, who is brighton's girlfriend was worried because his girlfriend had been missing, no news for three days. teddy had heard her vent when she said that she wanted to have another girl. actually, it was just a joke by brighton, and teddy agreed. an ally also believed in teddy's words. teddy kept trying to calm ellie. then ellie started to suspect that brighton went to have an affair. suddenly, the phone rang. brighton was awakened by the sound of his cell phone. it turns out that his body can be moved. trying to pick up an incoming call, the call stopped before he could reach it. tried to call ally back, and there was no answer from her boyfriend. then bryden tried to call teddy. teddy had seen the incoming call. he ignored it. teddy is busy at home with his girlfriend. brighton, he said in a voice note that now he was being held hostage in the house of a crazy psychopath. his leg was cut off. he told the police to call. while still busy reporting his condition via voice notes, suddenly came and hit brighton until he was unconscious again. fly wake up and clean up. and when they check their cell phones and find many missed calls from bryto which showed teddy the voice note. meanwhile, at the crazy psychopath's house, brighton is being operated on by howard to be turned into a walrus, looking for his body with the combination of human skin that he has designed in such a way, fitted with a pair of fangs made of leg bones. after a long process, he finally succeeded in perfecting his work. brighton has turned into cash completely. ally tried to report to the police officers and explain the incident, but the police did not respond. then the two of them immediately rushed straight to canada. meanwhile, at the crazy psychopath's house, brighton is being operated on by howard to be turned into a walrus, looking for his body with the combination of human skin that he has designed in such a way, fitted with a pair of fangs made of leg bones. after a long process, he finally succeeded in perfecting his work. brighton had turned into a full on sea bear. ellie and teddy continue the search. visited a car rental place to inquire about brighton. later, they also visited the police station to inquire about his whereabouts. the cop they talked to gave them the contact of a detective happened to have been searching for a serial killer for 10 years. he said, until now, he has not been able to solve the case. he also mentioned that the victims who were found always had no legs because they were amputated. they are sewn to the body, mouth and nose. they are also fitted with a pair of fangs like a walrus. he wanted to stop and close the search for other victims, but after hearing from ally and teddy, he always offered to help. if brighton becomes a victim this time, then he becomes the 24th victim of the serial killer. then brighton was invited by howard to swim and adapt to his new body. he then continued to be dragged into the pool, and because he couldn't hold on, he drowned while underwater. a view of the brighton man carcass, it seems. [Applause]. while at the supermarket, they met a detective. his name is guy lapointe. he has worked for 20 years. then he told his experiences. he also recounted cases of incidents similar to the cases that killed several people. his skin and body had been crushed like he had been mutilated elsewhere. howard is talking to brighton. he feeds the fish and tells him to eat. but brighton, man, he doesn't want to eat raw fish from his face. he was angry and annoyed. meanwhile, the detectives, accompanied by ali and teddy, were trying to get information from the cashier there. lucky they still remember the wireless. armed with the information from the cashier, ellie, along with teddy, and detectives continued their search. here they managed to find a brighton rental car. the car owner thought he drowned in the lake. slowly, brighton was taught to swim by howard. he imagined the old time when he helped by warless he can now float. alaka, happy the old grandfather, because he wanted to obey his orders. before they act, the detectives give them a gun for self-defense, two guns. and he carries a bigger gun because he is an old psychopath who is crazy. middle howard wears the same walrus costume as brighton. then he invites brighton to fight like a fellow walrus. after the three of them arrived at howard's house, detectives, ally and teddy heard screams coming from a house. they immediately ran towards it. upon entering, they saw two walruses fighting. then howard stood up and wanted to hit brighton, but he stabbed his leg first after falling. then he pierced howard's chest with his fangs, and he managed to beat howard on the verge of death. howard spoke of relief at his guilt for killing the walrus that had once helped him. he assumed that he had already avenged him the same way he killed himself dot eli earlier as well. as the detective managed to get to the source of the sound, saw the scene before his eyes, screaming hysterically. i've changed that way. took the initiative to kill brighton to relieve him of his suffering, but ellie stopped him. one year passed, ally and teddy are seen visiting a deserted old zoo, no visitors at all there. apparently wheels brighton, that used to be left alive, is now living there. ally reminisced about her good times with brighton for the last time, that he still loves her. then he gave brighton raw fish. he left wells wheels brighton, who is lonely now. can't help but cry, living alone there. and the movie ends 