in a foreign country. do not arbitrarily communicate with strange men. there are two girls under 20 years old from california. they went to paris to travel. as soon as they got off the plane, they met a man. he said that he wanted to take pictures of the two girls. he said the price of the taxi there was very expensive, so he wanted to share the taxi with the two girls. amanda and kim agree. since peter's house was quite far away, they went to the two girls hotel first. amanda has feelings for peter because of his look. she told peter every detail of where she was. but a few hours later, several men broke into the apartment and arrested her. kim was talking to her father at the time, so she avoided this. kim prayed to her father for help. brian immediately took out a toolbox. he connected the speakers to the recorders. brian told her to tell him what happened and hide under the bed. brian also told his daughter to throw the phone on the ground and describe the kidnapper when they came for her. as the father just finished speaking, the others have arrived. beard, 1m82, moon and star tattoos on the right hand. hearing his daughter's screams, brian was very worried. suddenly, there was no more girl's voice. he knew that the kidnappers would pick up the phone, so he intimidated them and i will kill you. good luck. brian is an outstanding retired special agent. after his daughter was taken away, brian found his former comrade and asked for his help. brian sent the recording to him. not long after, brian received the results. it is a group of traffickers and thugs from albania. they were currently in paris and trafficking in women. they use all kinds of cruel ways to force them into prostitutes, according to their way of doing business. brian only has 96 hours to save his daughter. after that, he would never see her again. he called kim's stepfather to get a private plane to paris. after arriving there, he only had 80 hours left to find the kidnappers. brian did not call the police. he looked for clues by himself. he found a bit of evidence where they disappeared. but those kidnappers were very cunning. they leave nothing behind. his daughter's phone was also trampled by them. fortunately, the memory card still exists. brian watched it carefully over and over again. inside the photo gallery, he saw a reflection of the man they met at first. peter was at the airport at that moment. to trick the other women, he just fooled one to get in the car with him. tried, where were the two american girls yesterday? i do not know. ryan punched peter in the stomach. peter was in so much pain that he could not breathe. then brian was dragged out by his comrades. brian quickly knocked them out. but when brian returned, peter ran away. brian drove after peter. peter jumped off the bridge unexpectedly. when peter landed on the ground, he was hit by a car. brian has to think of a new way. he asked for the help of a former colleague. right now, the traffickers have more than a few hundred members. he told brian their locations are in the red light district. that night, brian went there. he did not stop harassing a girl. the boss of that girl was angry. while they struggled, brian stealthily installed the wiretapping device on that boss. brian finds a translator to translate the man's conversation with his accomplices. after knowing the location of their base, he hurried over there. so are the clothes that kim gave her. she told brian the lair of the traffickers. soon he found it. he went inside alone. he knew that for such a large organization, they certainly had some official involved. he took out the business card of his teammate as deputy director, and asked to meet the leader, marco. they agree next. brian was taken into a room with a lot of bodyguards. there was only one path inside. in the room, on the top floor, are the five leaders. as soon as he entered the room, he asked the leaders to make him a coffee. his morale overwhelms them. negotiate the race. we already negotiated the rate with mr mcconnell. mr mcconnell has moved to another division. brian says firmly that there are satellites monitoring their movements every day. the traffickers were so frightened that they could not believe it. they immediately gave the money to brian. brian took out a piece of paper and asked a leader from earlier to translate this sentence for him. he translated good luck. that voice was the voice of the kidnapper. brian has heard this voice over and over again. brian knew that the one who kidnapped his daughter was in front of him. he looked around the room and determined the positions of each person. you forgot me two days ago, i said, i will find you. ryan grabbed a gun and destroyed each of them. after killing them all, he went upstairs to find his daughter. but he only found a friend of his daughter. but this girl had stopped breathing. he was very angry. brian tortured marcus, forced him to speak out about the location of his daughter. at first marco didn't say anything, but after a few hits, marco painfully spoke the truth. it turns out his daughter was sold to an auctioneer. brian left. before he left, brian turned on the power switch to kill the other man. brian sneaked into the place where the secret auction was located. only those with money are bidding on women. here, the last item was his daughter. brian immediately took a gun to threaten the rich man next to him, forcing him to buy back his daughter. he obeyed, but just as he went out of the door, brian was knocked unconscious. when he woke up, his hands were handcuffed and hung up. a group of people looked at him. the auctioneer asked, what are you here for? that girl is my daughter. said brian. the guy said that the sold goods cannot be returned. then he told his subordinates to take care of brian and left. they wanted to strangle him to death, but brian was so tough, he destroyed them all. he found the other guy. brian was enraged. he shot three times into the guy's limbs. he came out to tell brian that his daughter was on a boat at the river dock. brian shot and killed him. he immediately reached the dock and jumped onto the boat. brian killed each and every guard in a fierce gunfight. but when he found his daughter, he saw that his daughter was being threatened by a rich man with a knife. brian shot him in the house. brian ended their crime. the daughter was finally saved. kim hugged her father and cried. brian consoled her, i told you, i'll save you 