welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka that spoiler guy from YouTube. and this video we're breaking down some big new Easter eggs found in spider-man into the spider verse. this list contains a ton of cool little tidbits and things that have been pointed out since our last video on the film. and as it's one of my favorite movies ever, any excuse to return to it is good enough for me. now, throughout this video, we'll be breaking down all the spider suits you might've missed, the crazy Green Goblin Easter Egg, Wolverine callbacks and a lot more. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the movie yet, then I highly recommend that you all crawl your way out of here and come back when you have. you enjoy the video, then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into the new Easter eggs in Spider Man into the spider verse. okay, so the first Easter Egg actually contains an amazing callback to the Sam Raimi spider-man films. you may have seen that when creating the soundtrack for the Winter Soldier, the composer actually took the screams of Bucky from the First Avenger and slowed it down and made it the winter soldiers theme. [Music]. [Applause]. something similar also happens in enter the spider-verse, and the green Goblin's scream from the rhyming movies is used for the theme of the Green Goblin in this one. [Music]. on top of this, there are also callbacks to other Marvel characters throughout the film. when the Prowler is chasing down miles through the subway, he opens his claws, and we can see that the sound effect they give is a snikt snikt, is, of course, the onomatopoeia sound that Wolverines claws make when he brings them out. it's a cool, at least, a reg that kind of gives you a brief idea of just how sharp that the prowlers quotes are. and yeah, you don't want to bump into this guy ever. now, speaking about the characters, the movie, of course, lets us know that within the spider-verse, there exists several versions of Peter Parker. the first one we meet tells us that he's the only spider-man. however, if you pay close attention to the signs in the background, you will see one that says wrong. and this is to subtly let us know that the character is well wrong. the universe in the film is also earth 42, and we know this because the number itself is dotted throughout the film. I already went through this in my last breakdown and discussed how there were certain signs that things were wrong in the world, such as movies that hadn't been released, as well as chants the rapper's hat containing the number four instead of three. well, in addition to this, in Times Square, we can also see that snapchat is called Picabo. and when miles hands in his test at one point in the film, the day at the top says December, where II, which, of course, shows us that in their world, the months are slightly different to ours. the movie is full of subtle little details, including language knots and the use of text on-screen to demonstrate what character is thinking or doing. there's a brilliant bit in the film in which the Japanese text for I'm scared appears on penny Parker's spider robot. and this shows just how much thinking the creative team put into the movie. penny is also dubbed instead of subbed, and thus, when she talks, her lips are slightly out of sync with what she's saying. on top of this, there's a hilarious thing that the producers do with miles to make sure that the movie can get a PG rating. when were first introduced to the character, he sings the song sunflower by post Malone. instead of seeing the line, she wanna ride me like a cruise, miles mumbles through the song and says, she want to drive me so yeah, kepta. PG, there'll be no talk of riding here. in our last video, we talked about how Doc Ock had octagonal glasses, which, of course, tied into her name. but this is also included in the design of the furniture around her room. the lights that hang from the ceiling are also octagonal, aka, eight-sided. and this is some really nice attention to detail that shows just how much the animators were tying everything together. and finally, I thought I'd break down all of the suits that we see in this spider cave. everyone dropped the ps4 one on the last video, which we can of course see in the background. and this also appears at the end of the movie in the credits scene, at one point, making for a cool Easter egg. along side it also appears the rubber one, which Spiderman used to fight Elektra. within the comics, there's also a costume with a cape. and is possible that this is a callback to the start of the movie, when we see that in miles is room as a picture of a superhero with a cape above his easel. you also see what looks like the iron spider sit from the Civil War comic book run. and this was later referenced at the end of homecoming, which is when we got our first look at it, before it popped up in Avengers infinity war. we can also see what looks like the stealth suit, which was introduced as a way to avoid the spider-slayers, and since then, a lot of the time when the character needs to go incognito. there's also the mark 2, which Peter ended up making after he lost his spider sense and needed more protection for his body. it's covered in a very fine layer of armor that makes it bulletproof. but since getting a spider sense back, he sort of stopped using it. was also the empty, empty mannequin with a noose light on. because, as we know what the character, he never came back that night. anyway, that's all the extra details that we've noticed since doing our first breakdown on the movie. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these Easter eggs. and if you want to watch our other video that goes about all of the film's insane details from start to finish, and make sure you check it out after this. it's our most in-depth video ever, ever, ever. so definitely give it a watch. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and there's a thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat - so after the show, either follow us, that heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people our subscribe to the channel. and this Monty come on the MCU infinity Saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July in the cell be shipped out from then to ever gets the price. so best of luck to everyone who takes part, and thanks for watching the video. take care. peace. [Music]. 