welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 10, episode 17. that's right. this is not season 11 yet. you may have heard that season 11 is announced to be the final season. for now, though, this is the extended 10th season. we've got six bonus episodes. so here we go. this episode features maggie. yes, she's back on the show. remember she came back right at the end of last episode to help save father gabriel from the whisperers. she's got a cool new style, wearing a cowboy hat, carrying a bow and arrow. first, she has a chat with judith, who is cute and precocious as ever. but the very next person she sees is negan. negan's been on a bit of a redemption arc, but maggie hasn't seen that last time she saw him he had killed her husband, glenn. this interaction is something i am super excited for. will he apologize? will she accept it? but come on now, it's the first five minutes of the new episodes. of course they're gonna make us wait for it. maggie meets up with daryl and carol and introduces her new friends. this one guy, cole, seems very normal. but this other guy, elijah's the sweet ninja wearing a mask. what's his deal? now, remember maggie was the leader of hilltop, and they break the bad news to her that hilltop was burned down. yeah, i remember that big game of thrones style fight with the whisperers. and with the kingdom fallen too. it's like, well, i guess we'll all just live in alexandria. now, first though, they have to go pick up the rest of maggie's friend she brought with her. they're kept over a day away, though, so they got to stop for the night. they find these shipping containers with a bunch of zombies in them. and, you know, it's zombie killing time. yeah. that night, daryl comes for a talk with maggie, and she tells us a little bit about where she's been the last six years. remember, she left to go hang out with georgie and the sunglass twins, who are apparently going around teaching communities how to build windmills and stuff. and that's what she's been doing, cruising around, finding communities, teaching them how to be self-sustainable with ancient human technologies. but seems to be the rule in the walking dead. no community lasts forever. something always goes wrong. they've all fallen. kelly came with them, hoping to find her sister, connie, who, remember, was trapped in the mine back in the middle of the season. at the very end of last episode, we finally found out that connie did survive, but our group doesn't find her yet. finally, we make it to maggie's camp, but it's all burned down. oh, they were attacked. apparently there's some evil group they were running from called the reapers. so they go out into the woods looking for survivors or reapers. a perfect episode for coveted social distancing filming, because it's just daryl and maggie wandering around the woods looking suspenseful. now, elijah doesn't talk. he's the silent, mysterious type. kelly tries to make friends with him, and he's gonna take off his mask. oh, what's he got under there? is he super scarred or something crazy? oh, he's just a normal dude. eventually they find some of maggie's friends. but they're not alone out here. oh, they're being picked off one by one. but finally maggie tracks down the shooter oh, some big guy in a ghillie suit. they have a bit of a fight, and this guy is tough, but eventually they get him surrounded. maggie tries to interrogate him, who are you? are you with the reapers, or are you just some random loony? but all he says is, pope marked you. who's pope? we'll find out. but for now, this guy pulls out a grenade, goes to blow himself up. boom. oh, gross. luckily though, all of our characters, who are standing five feet away, are totally unharmed. and now finally, maggie finds her son, herschel. oh, he's so cute. he looks like little glenn. so now the gang makes it back to alexandria, which is a little worse for the wear after beta brought his horde in here. but for now, maggie is excited to be home once again. who are these new threats of pope and the reapers? and what will go down between maggie and negan? find out next time on the walking dead. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member 