movies. in short, here today we'll discuss a 2008 drama, romance movie called slumdog millionaire. sit back, relax and enjoy. [Music]. eighteen-year-old jamal malik is detained for questioning and tortured by mumbai police. he is suspected of cheating on the show who wants to be a millionaire? prior to being detained, the show's host prem kumar introduces the young, uneducated jamal to the audience, telling them that jamal works as a chai wall at an indian call center. the police inspector arrives at the police station after jamal has been tortured overnight and has still not confessed to cheating. police constable srinivas attaches a battery to jamal's toes, attempting to shock a confession from him. when jamal regains consciousness, he tells the inspector that he knew the answers to the questions through a series of flashbacks. jamal recounts the incidents in his life that provided him with each answer. five-year-old jamal lives in the slums of mumbai and plays cricket with his older brother celine. and their friends on the airport runway. the police arrive on motorcycles brandishing their batons and follow the children as they chase them away. jamal and saleem run through the streets to evade the police. they reach a parked car where they see the crime boss, javikan, for the first time. the brothers arrive late for their lessons, and their teacher hits them over the head with the novel the three musketeers, written by alexander dumas. back at the police station, constable srinivas and the inspector watch the footage of the show and wait for jamal to explain how he arrived at the correct answers on the show. kumar explains to jamal that there are three lifelines to assist him. the first question he asks is, who was the star in the 1973 hit films anger jamal remembers a childhood incident. answers the question correctly to win 1 000 rupees. as five-year-old jamal sits in the pit toilet, he sees a helicopter fly overhead. as the crowd shouts that the bollywood star umitab bakshon has arrived. celine places a chair against the pit toilet door from the outside, locking jamal inside. he looks through the wooden slats and sees the crowd run towards the helicopter. as it lands, jamal reaches into his pocket for a photo and decides to jump down through the pit into the sewage. he stands up, covered in feces, with the photo safely in his outstretched hand, and runs towards the crowds. jamal pushes his way through the crowd and hands the photo to the bollywood star saleem watches as amitabh autographs the photo and hands it back to jamal. at home, while he is being scrubbed cleaned by his mother, celine takes his autograph and sells it. in the present at the police station. the captain continues to watch the show rerun with jamal's options. for question two on the show, jamal decides to use a lifeline to ask the audience. the captain ridicules his intelligence. the audience answers correctly, and jamal wins 4 000 rupees. question 3, for 16 000 rupees, is based on god rama and what he holds in his right hand. in a flashback to his childhood, jamal and saleem play in the river while their mother washes clothes. she notices a group of armed men approaching the boys. watch as she is killed in the ensuing riot, leaving them alone in the chaos. as the brothers run away to safety, they see rama standing in front of them holding a bow and arrow in his right hand. jamal answers the question correctly, winning 16 000 rupees. the audience applauds loudly. jamal and saleem take shelter from the rain, away from the burning slum. a small girl in a yellow dress has been following them in, stands alone in the downpour. jamal calls latika to join them and introduces himself and saleem to her. back on the show, kumar asks jamal the fourth question about a song written by a famous indian poet. jamal remembers that after latika had joined them, she was digging through the landfill waste, hoping to find anything of use. she tried to alert jamal as a yellow van from the orphanage arrived at the site. two men approached the makeshift tent where the brothers are sleeping. maman wakes the boys and offers them a bottle of coke each. he is a gangster who trains street children to become beggars. jamal is excited to travel with latika and saleem to the orphanage, where they see other children playing. mum watches them as the hungry children sit at the table, eating and chatting amongst themselves. the new intake of children are lined up and told to sing. selene gets very angry when everyone laughs at his effort. mulan smiles as saleem tries to attack his henchmen. jamal and latika watch from the van as saleem walks through the group of orphans, asserting his newfound authority. malone is training him to teach the children how to beg. celine takes a baby from a young girl and hands it to latika, insisting that she take the baby. he tells her that she will earn triple by holding a crying baby when she begs. the group of orphaned children are then sent to the streets to beg mama listens to a young boy sing as saleem stands in the shadows, watching them. the boy struggles as he is chloroformed and then dragged away towards a burning lamp. mullen plans to blind the children as a blind beggar brings in more money for him than an able-bodied one. a man slowly heats a spoon of hot oil over the flame. he pours the oil into the child's eyes. saline turns away and vomits. salim hesitates. when momona orders him to collect jamal. he eventually runs to find his brother. jamal and muttika sit talking on the steps. he tells her, if maman likes his singing, they will be rich and live in a big house together with saleem. they will be the three musketeers. salim calls jamal and latika follows behind. as they walk. the brothers call themselves athos and porthos, who are two of the characters in the novel, the three musketeers. mohan is waiting and tells jamal to sing the devotional song, darshan dugansha. as jamal begins to sing, salim runs forward, throwing the chloroform into the henchman's face. the men chase the three children, who escape and run towards the train station. the brothers successfully bore the moving train, but latika is unable to keep up. salim grabs her hand as she runs along. the platform, but purposefully lets go of it, lying to jamal that latica had let go. she is recaptured by maman as the train speeds away. jamal wants to get off the train to save her. saleem refuses, saying she will be fine. he explains to jamal that maman intended to blind him. in the present, at the game show, jamal gives the correct answer for the name of the poet who wrote the song, winning 250 000 rupees. salim and jamal travel the country on the trains. jamal stills thinks about latika, and saleem tells him to let it go. the brothers make a living by selling boots to the travelers as they continue across the country. a few years pass by, and the brothers reach the taj mahal, which is considered to be the finest example of mughal architecture and is a unesco world heritage site. after joining tour groups gaining knowledge, they each steal a pair of the shoes left outside by the tourists before they are allowed to enter the taj mahal. two tourists approach jamal, thinking he is a tour guide, and pay him well. jamal then shows an american couple. the tourist sites and put her pradesh, while saleem organizes the street gangs to strip the couple's parked car. the show for beats and kickster mall. jamal hears classical music in the distance while he washes his face in the river. after being beaten. he climbs the scaffolding of the seating for the audience during the concert and steals the ladies handbags. jamal pauses to watch the opera and sadly remembers latika as she stood alone on the platform in present time. prem kumar continues with the next question on the show, who wants to be a millionaire? he asks jamal which american president features on the 100 bill. he replies that the answer is benjamin franklin. as he sits at the police station, the police constable questions him again as to how he knew the correct answer in one, one million rupees. jamal explains that he returned to bombay with saleem to search night and day for latika. no one recognized his description of her or had seen her. jamal walks through the subway and hears a blind boy singing. he stops to give him a hundred dollar bill. the beggar asks him whose face is on the bill, and jamal describes benjamin franklin to him. the boy arvin recognizes jamal's voice and tells him to be careful of mama. arvind says that latika is alive and lives on peeler street. she is now called cherry. jamal thanks him and leaves. suleiman and jamal continue to search the streets and allies for latica. a woman they meet makes a call and shows the brothers where to go. they burst into a room where latika is dancing and start to pack her bags. as they turn to leave, maman and his henchmen arrive at the door. he asks them if they really thought they would get away with latika his prized possession. saleem pulls out a gun and orders mum onto his knees, demands money and then shoots him. back on the show, kumar asked jamal who invented the revolver. he replies correctly, that it was samuel colt. winning two and a half million rupees. in a flashback, celine leaves the hotel room they ran to after shooting muman. he goes looking for javed, the crime boss. he draws his gun and tells jabez henchmen that he killed maman. javed walks up behind saleem and tells him he has been looking for someone like saleem to join his organization. in the hotel room, jamal tells latika that he had never forgotten her, and it was their destiny to be together. saleem arrives back at the room and tells latika to go with him, ordering jamal to get out. as jamal shouts in the passage, saleem opens the door with a gun pointed at his brother, saying, the man with the cult 45 says, shut up. latika comes to the door and quietly asks from all to leave. salim closes the door in his face. we can only imagine what happens with latika after the door closes. and under the rule of java the next few years, in present time, in custody, the police inspector asks jamal if he ever saw them again, which he hasn't. jamal tells him that latika is the most beautiful woman in the world. jamal tells the inspector that while he was at work serving tea at the call center, his colleague asked him to sit in for him, briefly telling him he was on millionaire duty. after jamal disconnects a call, he searches the center's database for salim and latika. jamal finally connects to saleem, who recognizes his voice, and they arrange to me. in a flashback to the game show, jamal is asked in which uk. city cambridge circus is situated by process of elimination. he decides on the city of london. he is correct and wins five million rupees. jamal goes to meet saleem at a high rise construction site. as saleem walks towards him, jamal punches him and calls him a liar, telling him he will never forgive him. celine tells jamal that all the buildings and construction sites on the former slum belong to javik khan. he learns that saleem is a high-ranking lieutenant in javed's crime organization and confronts him. while jamal is staying at saleem's apartment, he hears saleem pray for forgiveness for his sins before he goes to meet with javed. jamal lies his way into javed's residence to reunite with latika by pretending to be a dishwasher. jamal and latika embrace each other, and jamal tells her, i found you. she asks him why he is there, and he replies, to see you. latika says, he sees her, and now what? the show who wants to be a millionaire is on tv. jamal asks why everyone loves the program. latika replies that it provides a chance to escape and to walk into another life. javed arrives home, not recognizing jamal, thinking he is a cook. he demands a sandwich. jamal quietly asks latika to leave with him and tells her they will live on love. when he says saleem will help them, she asks why he still believes in saleem. javed approaches latika and spits out his sandwich, asking her, what is this [ __ ]. as jamal leaves, latika asks him to forget her. he says, no one promises. he will wait at the vt station at five o'clock every day until she joins him. he tells her he loves her. she says, it's too late. back at the game show, kumar asks jamal which cricketer has scored the most first class centuries in history. he reminds him that he will lose everything with the wrong answer. jamal remembers a specific qriket game related to the question, and thanks of latika, he hands back the last check kumar gave to him, indicating that he wants to continue the game. jamal arrives at the crowded vt. train station at 5 15 and searches for latica. he sees her on the other side of the train and calls her name. latika attempts to join him, but she is captured by javed's men, led by celine. jamal watches her being driven away at knifepoint. during a commercial break, kumar meets jamal in the men's room, telling him he will win. although jamal says he does not know the answer to the question, he attempts to trick jamal by writing b on the mirror before he leaves the room. jamal joins kumar back on stage to answer the penultimate question. he decides to use his 50 50 lifeline, and the computer removes two wrong answers. the question is worth 10 million rupees, and he has to choose between options b and d. jamal chooses d as his final answer, it is the correct answer. as kumar begins to ask jamal the final question, worth 20 million rupees. their time is up. they will continue with the show. the following evening, kumar meets jamal in the passage and walks with him to the exit where the police are waiting to arrest him, all for cheating. at the police station, the constable says that after watching the show footage, he finds jamal's answers and explanation bizarrely plausible. he tells jamal that he is too truthful to be a liar and that the investigation is over. as the inspector leaves the room, jamal tells him that he doesn't know where javed has taken motika, he tells the inspector, after he had lost contact with her, he decided to go on the show as he thought she'd be watching. latika sees jamal on the news and turns to see saleem watching her. javit approaches. as saleem is deep in thought as he continues to watch the tv. javid changes the show to a music channel and orders the women in the room to dance. latika cries as she watches the show in another room. saleem follows her. he hands her his car keys and tells her to leave, as there won't be another chance. javed paces up and down in the passage, talking on his phone. latika tell saleem that javed will kill him when he finds out. saleem says he will take care of him and hands her his phone. he apologizes for what he has done to her and asks her forgiveness. latika picks up her yellow scarf and leaves. saline wishes her a good life as ludtika makes her get away, with the phone on the seat beside her. saline goes to the bathroom and poses the door behind him. back at the police station, constable srinivas throws a glass of water over jamal and informs that he is back on the show. jamal is released and driven through the crowds and the media to rejoin the show. as jamal arrives at the tv station, he is surrounded by the public who wish him well. let's makes her way through the crowds in the street towards an electronic shop where she watches the show. kumar asks jamal if he is ready for the final question to win 20 million rupees. when jamal says he is. the audience and the crowds gathered in the streets cheer for the final question. jamal is asked the name of the third musketeer. he recalls being hit over the head with the book by his teacher. he laughs, remembering when he tried to convince saleem that latika could be their third musketeer. jamal uses his phone, a friend lifeline, to call saleem. it is the only phone number he knows. latika is watching the show on one of the tvs in the street and realizes that saleem gave his phone to her before she left. she runs to the car to answer the call. latika answers and tells jamal that she is safe, although she does not know the answer. jamal chooses aramis. he is correct. at the same time, saleem sits in a bathtub filled with money, waiting for java and his men to break down the bathroom door. he kills javed. the men kill saleem, who says god is great before he dies. jamal receives the winner's check for 20 million rupees and leaves for the vt station to wait for latica. they meet on the platform at the train station and jamal kisses the scar on her face. he tells latika, it is written that this is their destiny. don't forget to subscribe and turn on the notification bell if you want to watch more videos like this. thanks and see you again soon. [Music]. you 