welcome to the men of recaps. this is Marvel's agents of shield seasons one through six, leading up to the seventh and final season. travel back in time with me to the first Avengers, which was a huge hit, superhero mania sweeping the nation. agent Phillip Coulson was stabbed and killed by Loki. any agent with clearance level six knows Coulson's dead. but he survived. welcome to level seven. yeah. they patched him up, and he's been recuperating in Tahiti. it's a magical place. now he's starting his own special team to find and deal with superhuman activity. first group two specialists, grant Ward, he's one of the best shields got. then there's agent Melinda may, who's been working a desk job after a mission went bad. they called her the cavalry cuz she's an incredible fighter, a one-woman army. Science Guy is Fitzsimmons, but actually they're two separate people. fast Simmons, the final or crew Coulson wants, is not even a SHIELD agent. her name is Skye. she's a hacktivist living in her van, trying to expose shield as a shady government organization. but Coulson, tracks are down, convinces her that they're the good guys. so she's on the team. they're working out of a mobile command base, this big old plane they call the bus. they spend season one flying around the world dealing with various superhuman threats of the week. they deal with dangerous Chitauri artifacts, ancient Asgardian weapons, lady SIF from Thor makes of cameos. there's also a crazy gravity manipulation elements called gravitonium. more on that later. but anyway, after facing certain death together countless times, our team has become more than a team. they're a family, a family with some sexual tension in it, though, because Ward and Skye have become really close. he's training her to be a real SHIELD agent. they have a flirtation going, but it's actually agent May who calls Ward in for some no strings attached. coworkers X also, Fitz and Simmons bicker a lot, but they clearly love each other. now, problem that keeps popping up his project centipede. basically they're trying to create super soldiers with this implant that shaped like the centipede. in Episode one, Mike Peterson was a good hearted father who joined the program. he almost became a villain, but the team was able to talk him down without killing him. they bring him in to help fight other centipede super soldiers, but then, Oh, they've kidnapped his son. during the exchange, he gets exploded, but he survived. the bad guys turned him into a half robot guy named Deathlok. they still have his son. so for now he has no choice. he's working for the villains. leading project centipede is the girl in the flower dress, Raina. and her boss that she's never seen is the mysterious clairvoyant, who's apparently psychic. one thing the clairvoyant couldn't see, though, is how they brought Coulson back to life. Fran captures him and puts him in the memory machine to see that Tahiti was a lie, some sort of freaky, cutting-edge procedure, then they modified his memories. Coulson finds out in the mysterious project, Tahiti came from a blue alien guy whoa supposin. teams up with another veteran SHIELD agent, John Garrett, and together they track down and take out the clairvoyant. now, remember, the show is part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. and we've caught up to Captain America, a Winter Soldier, in which we find out that Shield has been infiltrated by Hydra. so while Captain America is running around doing his thing, it's a very confusing time for our shield agents. they don't know who to trust. in the end, though, they're betrayed. it turns out to John Garrett is Hydra. and more than just Hydra, he is the real clairvoyant. he's not actually psychic, he just had high-level shield access, so he knew things. but Coulson knocks him out, and he's under arrest. he's got one more trick up his sleeve, though, grant Ward is also Hydra. meanwhile, Coulson and the team have gotten to hide out at one of Nick Fury's off-the-books shield bases. it's run by agent Koenig, a real funny guy who's a stickler for lanyards. but they don't know that Ward is Hydra yet, so they invite him into the base where he and Skye make out. it's not till after the smooching, Skye finds out Ward killed agent Koenig. he's Hydra. Skye is real mad at him, but he tries to explain, hey, I'm not a bad guy. I was just recruited by Garrett at a young age. he was my mentor, a father figure. so you know where I'm just on a Hydra sighs. she left a message for the rest of the team. so Coulson comes to save her, and they escape in his flying car Lola. Fitzsimmons set off an EMP that knocks out Garrett's heart. thing, yeah, turns out he was the original Deathlok, and his heart's mostly robots. so he orders were to kill Fitz and Simmons. now, award, I mean, you just said you were a good guy. you wouldn't actually do that to us. we're family. but Oh, Ward does it. throws them off the plane. irredeemable. Ward. Fitz and Simmons are trapped at the bottom of the ocean. they can get out, but there's only an oxygen mask for one of them, so if it's basically confesses his love for Jemma and sacrifices himself so she could survive. meanwhile, Garrett is dying. he's got one dose left of the Tahiti project formula, and it's like, give it to me, baby. and boohoo. not only is he alive, he's super strong. now one weird thing though, he's compulsively drawing these strange symbols and is talking like a crazy person. but anyway, it's time for the final showdown. make Hicks Ward's ass. and Nick Fury makes a cameo to help Coulson take down Garrett. Garrett still has a Deathlok bodyguard, though, until Skye rescues his son. then Mike Peterson turns on Garrett, boom, boom, blows him up. so the day is saved. but shield is officially dissolved, and Nick Fury going dark. but he gives Coulson his toolbox and names him new director of shield, tasks him to rebuild it. so in season two, Coulson is rebuilding shield. they were officially disbanded though, so they are outlaws. general Talbot is tasked with hunting them down, but Coulson's always one step ahead, and eventually they agree they're mostly on the same side. they're setting up in an old shield headquarters run by agent Kane egg. no, it's not him. the one Ward killed was his twin brother. and it's a running joke through the series. just how many twins are there? or are you guys robots or clothes or something? now, there's a lot of new faces this season, like Tripp, who was working for Garrett, but was not Hydra. so join the good guys, this big guy Mack, who's an engineer, and this British guy, hunter, who's a soccer hooligan, also badass, super spy Bobby, who is hunters ex-wife. they fight a lot, but they can't keep their hands off each other. and Fitz survived the ocean, but the lack of oxygen left him with some brain damage. he has trouble getting his words out right. luckily, he's got Simmons there to help him through it. except, no, she's not there. he's just imagining her. she briefly went undercover at Hydra, and when she comes back, things are awkward cuz, you know, he confessed his love for her last season. they get word of some dangerous new weapon and have to race hydrated get it. hydras got this bad guy, krill, though, who could turn his body into whatever he touches. the diviner ends up with the girl in the flower dress, who's working with this new guy, Cal who is Skye's father. yeah, he's some sort of back-alley doctor with a huge Deborah problem. and it's unclear for a while if he has super strength or is just fueled by rage. but eventually we find out, yeah, he's been Juicin. he takes the diviner to Hydra, whose current leader is Daniel Whitehall. he's the original Nazi Hydra that found this thing back in World War two. long story short, he found this woman with regenerative properties and did a full-body blood transfusion. that's why he's still young ish. turns out, though, that woman was Cal's wife, Skye's mom. so he's here undercover to get revenge. now, grant Ward is still around. he's a prisoner shield. he's helping them against Hydra in exchange for his Redemption arc. but no one on the team will ever forgive him. so one day he breaks out of there, goes to rejoin Hydra, but it's unclear where his true loyalties lie. he doesn't kidnap Skye though, and take her to meet her father, where he tries to explain he's not a bad guy, he just went crazy with rage. now's his chance, though, to get revenge on Whitehall, but Coulson shoots him first, which makes him very mad. wart still has a crush on Skye, so he's helping her escape, but she will never forgive him. shoots him multiple times. Ward. meets his new girlfriend here. though she was a SHIELD agent brainwashed by Hydra one time. she put on the mask that made her look like me, which was fun, but they zapped her. she was stuck with a half's card may face. and it's like, hey, we're both damaged goods. let's get together. now, ever since Coulson saw Garrett's crazy carvings, he's been compulsively carving them too. it looks like he's gone crazy for a while. but eventually he figures out. it's on to an ancient alien underground city. turns out the diviner is the key to something there, and rain of flower girls got it first. there's some sort of crystals inside, and, oh, wait, farts on him. all woods turn in sky to stone. Oh, awaits guys breaking out. it was just a cocoon, and boom, it's awakened her latent superpowers. yeah, he's got quick powers, and they are strong. trip, though not so lucky. he dies. flower girl, Rina, also not so lucky, she turned into an ugly porcupine monster. but boom, what's this? she's picked up by a no eyes teleporter guy. eventually he picks up sky two and takes her to the inhuman City. thousands of years ago, the Kree. that's what that blue alien was, the genetic engineering on ancient humans to turn them into super-powered warriors. some people still carry that dormant gene, awakened by the terrigenesis crystals, and they're called Inhumans, hot, fast guys. talking to is Lincoln, and he's got lightning powers. their leader is this woman, jiying. she's like, Skye, I am your mother. what? this guy is reunited with her parents. her dad is calmed down a lot now, and they have a nice whole time. but on a father-daughter field trip, Hydra shows up and kidnaps Lincoln, and also death Locke was there. Scott joins back up with her shield team to rescue him. but also grant Ward is there. Coulson's willing to offer him amnesty if he helps them infiltrate Hydra. and words like, yeah, man, I tell you, I'm a good guy. I just want to chill with my new girlfriend now. so to sneak in there, they sacrifice the bus. Oh, end of an era. so they bust in their sky with her newfound superpowers. and also, she's been training with me, so she is now a fully realized combat badass agent of shield. their rescue Lincoln. but Simmons will not forgive word for what he did to Fitz. she's gonna kill him. but, oh, this guy steps in front at the last minute. and Ward's like, wow. not cool. Simmons. turns out she was right though. he was playing them. he captures bobbi, because I guess it was her fault that his new girlfriend got captured by Hyder in the first place. they set up a trap where whoever comes to rescue her will get shot. and hunters in there, trying all the doors. when he gets to her, she puts herself in the way and takes the bullet for him. she survives though, and ends, okay, May it was also there to save her, but ward, Oh, shoots her. no mercy. but no, it was his new girlfriend who fixed the mask. Oh, Lord. you killed your own girlfriend. by the way, there was a whole thing where Bobby and Mack had some secret to know. they weren't working for Hydra they were working for the real shield. they take over the facility. basically, they thought that Coulson had gone rogue. just then comes age of Ultron or. it turns out Coulson secret project was building the new helicarrier's that saved the day. so now that Coulson saved the day, they all trust each other again. this guy wants to make introductions between shield and the Inhumans. but the Inhumans don't trust shield. ever since the incident where May got her name, the cavalry, she kicked a ton of butt to save this little girl from a superpower villain. but turns out the little girl was villain. she was a mind controlling inhuman. and may had no choice but to kill her. so when the shield guy comes in to negotiate, Skye's mom breaks the Terrigen crystal, which, if you're not in human, it turns you to stone. then he grabs his gun, makes it look like he attacked her so the Inhumans will follow her to war. Skye's got a tough choice to make. but luckily, pretty soon she realizes her mom's the bad guy. so the you Nieman's take the shield boats. Giants plan is to release the Terrigen crystals everywhere, turning everyone into a human or dead. Mack rescue. Skye grabs an axe and goes to fight teleporter dude. boys join in. together, they take him down, but he's dropped the crystal, so Coulson's gotta, I'll catch it. it starts turning him to stone. but oh, Mack cuts his hand off to save him. Coulson gets a robot hand after this, which gets more and more upgrades over the years. our mom's gettin away. this guy's gonna blast the Terrigen crystals off the ship. her mom's got life absorbing power. so they're in a big fight. but Skye's dad comes. he's realized his wife has become a villain, and kills her to save his daughter. so Skye's dad has been redeemed. they wiped his memory and let him live a happy life as a veterinarian. Fitz is doing much better, by the way, with his brain damaged. and over the course that season, he and Simmons have reconnected. she makes him sandwiches. they are so cute, he finally gets the nerve to ask her on a real date, and she says yes. now, they found this weird alien obelisk that doesn't seem to do anything. but right when he leaves, oh, the obelisk turns into liquid and stalks her into it. what? so season three begins with Fitz determined to get Simmons back, but no matter what he does, the obelisk is silent. meanwhile, the Terrigen crystals sunk to the bottom of the ocean where they got absorbed into the fish and into fish oil. he no longer kills normal people. but all these people with the laitanan human gene are finding they have weird superpowers. Skye is here to help them, though this season she's going back her birth name, Daisy Johnson. Coulson and I both have trouble getting used to that. it stands mr. captain Daisy. right? Daisy shield is really cookin now. they got these sweet containment pods that fly up to their brand-new plane, the Zephyr. they recruit a lot of good Inhumans, like lightning boy Lincoln, who is now officially dating Scott. Daisy, Daisy Tanis and Elena Rodriguez. they call yo yo cuz she's got super speed, but she always bounces back to where she started. long story short, over the course of the series, she and Mack are a thing. speaking of shield couples, bobbi and Hunter are together, but after a mission gone wrong in Russia, they have to be disavowed and have a tearful spies farewell as they leave the team and the show. but there are bad Inhumans out there too, like this dreadlock monster lash. long story short, he's dr. Andrew Garner, who was May's ex-husband, and they've just recently got back together. he Hulk's out into lash, though, and uncontrollably hunts down in humans. so maze gotta put him on ice. Coulson's got a girlfriend too this season. this woman Rosalind price. she's in charge of the official government task force to deal with Inhumans. and though she and Coulson butt heads at first, they eventually agree they're on the same side and start doing it. now. finally, Fitz has a breakthrough on the obelisk. they find this ancient castle with a special chamber that will open the obelisk portal. he dives in to save Simmons. all a sandstorm, buddy grabs her and, OH, brings her back. yeah, the obelisk is a portal to this alien planet. and Simmons survived by herself for a long time, until eventually she found this other guy. he was an astronaut that was sent here years ago to explore it. but his whole team got killed because they went crazy. and there's like a monster that lives in the sandstorm. anyway, months went by. they lost all hope of being rescued. so these two started dating. but then they saw the portal open, so he stayed behind to fight the monster while she escaped. so Simmons relationship status is complicated, but these two aren't waiting anymore. Fitzsimmons finally together. now, grant Ward blames Coulson for the way his life's turned out, so he kills his new girlfriend. now, ward, I was rooting for your Redemption arc, but you keep making it harder. with nothing better to do, Ward's decided to restart a younger hipper Hydra. but he's eventually recruited by old Hydra, Gideon Malick. Malick fills him in that there's a branch of Hydra that way predates the Nazis and red skull. long story short, their mission is to go through the obelisk and rescue that monster. it is there, Hydra God, hive, words like Yolo. sounds fun. kidnaps Fitz and goes through the portal, but Coulson, fueled by vengeance, is right behind him. they find Simmons, astronaut boyfriend, about turns out he is hive. yeah. hive is a zombie body reanimate er. so Fitz has to take him out. Coulson catches up to ward. they have their final fight. Coulson, who is normally the voice of mercy and giving people second chances, just can't forgive Ward and crushes his heart. they escape and blow up the portal. so the day is saved. but they were too late. I've escaped in Ward's dead body. Ward is looking not great at the moment, but they bring them in some human sacrifices. and, oh yeah, full-on sexy again. he walks around in clothes from the Matrix movies. yeah. this is my favorite version of Ward. now, he does have Ward's memories, but it is not Ward. it's a purple tentacle monster. sky slash days. he brings her new team of Inhumans in to fight him. but turns out, I've power is he mind controls other Inhumans. he got to Skye. and so warden Skye are reunited. it's actually Daisy Grint knew you as I changed it. so I have recruiting all the Inhumans. he can just like jaw hitting his playing this to turn the whole world inhuman. but this time they'd be under his mind control. for that, he recruits dr. Holden Radcliffe, who was half kidnapped but half excited to be doing mad science. so to take down hive, the team sends a monster of their own lash. he fails to kill hive, but he does manage to make Daisy immune to the brainwashing. so hives gonna nuke the world with his inhuman serum. they have a big ol fight where Mac debuts his new shotgun axe. yeah, he had this idea a while back and has now engineered it. it is a so wheat. now, earlier in the season, there was a homeless inhuman that had the power if he touches you, you see the future of someone dying. by the way, he has a daughter named Robin. she'll be back later. but anyway, when does he touched him, she saw the vision of the Quinjet in space exploding. one of the team will die. they tease us all episode, passing around the Bolton cross necklace. Daisy wants to sacrifice herself, but in the end, it is Lincoln who grabs the jet and flies off into space with hive. and the bomb, boom, exploded, and the day is saved. but there's an immediate time jump where Daisy has taken on the superhero named quake. she's wearing real heavy eyeliner now, got this sexy Punk vibe. so in season 4, quake has gone rogue to be a vigilante, which is possible because shield is now legal. again. closin a step down as director, though. the new director is Jeffrey Mesa real charismatic guy, a good face for the public, and in fact, to alleviate public fears about Inhumans. he isn't inhuman. yeah, he's got super strength. turns out he's not inhuman, though. he's been faking it with super steroids. so Coulson's back in charge again. so Daisy's out there hunting down the watchdogs, an anti inhuman terrorist group. while on the streets one night, she meets another vigilante. it's Ghost Rider. yeah, he's this good kid, Robbie Reyes went after a bad car accident. the devil made him a deal, and he's possessed with the spirit of vengeance now. shields currently dealing with a ghost problem. and so they team up with Ghost Rider, who is a great Ghostbuster. there were a bunch of scientists that found this evil ancient text, the dark hold. long story short, though, Robbie's uncle was the real bad guy. he finishes his experiment, which now gives him the power to create matter, and in the process, blam, it trapped Coulson, Fitz and Robbie in the ghost world. to get the Mack may goes to Ratcliffe, who was pardoned for helping hive. he was mostly kidnapped after all. she's like, hey, scientist of ambiguous morality, I need you to get our friends back by reading this ancient, evil book. he takes one look at it, but it's like, no way. I shouldn't do that. luckily, though, there's someone in the room who can read it without being corrupted. his new assistant, ADA. because she is a robot today, clothes are a life model decoy. and LM, meant to, you know, save agents in the field or whatever. but in practice, it's just a superhot assistant for him. anyway, she reads that are cold and learns how to create a portal that rescues the guys. long story short, they take our Abbie's uncle, and quake is cleared of all charges. they say she was working undercover the whole time. but unfortunately, ADA was corrupted by the dark hold. yeah, she's a killer robot. now. the team stops her, but come to find out, she wasn't corrupted. it was radical if who was corrupted, they figured that out too. but they're too late. he's replaced himself with a life model decoy. the rear. Radcliffe is on a submarine with the leader of the watchdog's this hot russian dude they call the superior. you know, i could kidnap one of the agent Cain eggs, cuz they hit the dark hole. turns out there's a sister Koenig too. and it's pretty much confirmed. they're not clones or robots, or are they? meanwhile, May and Coulson have been flirting a lot lately. they've had sort of a romance going this whole time. and finally, the timings right. these two starts solution. but wait and may steal the dark hold. may was replaced with the robot. the team goes to fight the superior and quake takes him out. but when they get back, they set off the lmd alarms. a bunch of them were replaced with robots. long story short, it's just Simmons and Daisy. you were still real, and they escaped. now Radcliffe's just a little corrupted. he doesn't really want to hurt anyone. he has the real people plugged into a virtual world he created called the framework. this is his new calling, to create a paradise world for all of humanity, where everyone's biggest regrets has been erased. in fact, he tells Ada to protect the framework at all costs, so she kills him and traps his mind in there, just so we can never destroy it. oops. so Daisy and Simmons have got a Jack into the matrix. boom, they're in the framework. there's some major differences between here in the real world. for example, Daisy is dating Ward. I can get down with that. but there's another big problem. they're not agents of shield. they're agents of Hydra now, none of the people plugged in remember the real world. this is real to them. they're all living wild alternate lives, like Coulson's just a high school teacher and one of the top heads of Hydra. the doctor is evil Fitz. his regret was his father abandoning his family young. but turns out his father was an awful person, and he raced Fitz to be totally evil. and he's dating that top head of Hydra. it's a de go and by Madame Hydra. virtual ward, though, turns out, is in the resistance. yes, he's finally got his Redemption arc. and the leader of the resistance is actual super strong and human, Jeffrey mace, the patriot. now, long story short, to escape the framework, they basically have to take down Hydra. Jeffrey may sacrifices himself in the process. and in real life, eventually they find the exit that managed to escape. all of them are a bit disoriented having just lived double lives. but Mac doesn't want to leave, because in this world, his daughter, hope, never died. he's gonna stay in the framework with her, even though he knows it's not real. yo-yo has to go in there herself and basically drag her man out. but the day's not saved. ada has managed to print herself a brand new real girl. body. it kind of looks like she's gonna be a good guy, until Fitz dumpster, by the way. she's giving herself all the inhuman powers and goes on a crazy murder rampage. she meets back up with the superior whose body was destroyed in the fight. but she built him a new sexy robot body and got his head in a jar. they make a robot of quake and have her bust in and shoot general Talbot. they want to use this to turn the world against Inhumans and rebuild the framework Hydra in the real world. but just then, ghost right here comes back from his adventures in Hell, and his powers are the only thing that seemed to hurt data. so they lure her into a trap where Coulson has taken the Ghost Rider. yeah, boo, made a destroyed ghost ride. it goes back to Robbie, and he takes the dark old back to hell with him. but after the shenanigans, shield is very much wanted again. so they go to a diner for a last meal before turning themselves in. but they don't end up in prison. they end up in space. what has happened here in season five? these mystery man have teleported our gang to space with another obelisk. this star-lord looking guy flies in. he is deke job. they soon realize the question isn't where are we, it's when are we? cuz this is the future and the earth has been totally destroyed. they're in a bunker called the lighthouse, where the last remnants of humanity are slaves to the Kree. there's an ancient prophecy though, that one day the agents of shield will come to save them. what happened to the earth, by the way? well, turns out it was destroyed by quake, who they now call the destroyer of worlds. now, the station's run by a real pretty boy Kree named Casillas. and turns out the real value here isn't the mining, it's the Inhumans he's creating to sell his gladiators. days he goes to stop him, but gets caught. and now he's got quake destroyer of worlds. he's having the biggest auction yet. and one of the potential buyers is Fitz yeah. this was not taken with the rest of the gang, so he was arrested for real with a cameo from hunter. though he soon breaks out and meets up with the guy who captured them. he's not exactly a guy, though. I'm a sentient chronic calm from a planet which revolves around a star in the constellation, you know as Cygnus. his name is Enoch, and the chronic comms are impartial observers, unless there's an extinction-level event, which there is. so he's met up with the seer, the homeless guys daughter, Robin. he's following her pictures of the future to save the world, which involves sending the team ahead. Fitz has a different mission, though. he's got to meet up with them now to save him. but they're not sending him through time travel. he's taken the long way, going into cryo sleep for 70 years. so in the future, Fitz is woken up, and he's going undercover as an intergalactic evildoer. long story short, he rescues Simmons, and sick of being pulled apart at the end of every season, proposes to her on the spot, begin escapes to the planet surface where a resistance live. in the old shield Zephyr. they're led by the old seer, Robin, all grown up. in fact, there's a lot of questions brought up about, is the future fixed? can it be changed? this guy thinks it can, if he kills quake right now. of course, she's a huge badass. it clearly wasn't gonna work. but he does kill Robin, so she can't help him anymore. and there's a touching story here, as May became her adopted mother. but Mae doesn't remember this because she hasn't actually done it yet. anyway, before they can get back to the past, they have to fight Casillas and free humanity. yo-yo meets her future self. whoo. casaya says, prisoner. they have a long talk about how to stop this future, and it's like, well, the only thing I can think of we have to let Coulson die. but for now they fight Casillas, and it's shotgun, axe to the rescue, in front of this inhuman kid called Flint who can control rocks. and he helps build them a new obelisk, a teleporter back home. so they're back in the past, but still in the lighthouse though, which turns out is a shield apocalypse bunker built under a lighthouse. everything they heard about the end of the world is happening already, and they're gonna do everything they can to stop it. some bad guys are here to stop them, though. and this villain with disc weapons throws, oh man, oh yo. Joe's arms cut off. the future is coming true. losing limbs in the show is no big deal, though. pretty soon she gets some sweet-ass robot arms upgrade. now, that bad guy was a teenage girl named Ruby. she is general Hales daughter, and they're working for, you guessed it, Hale is Hydra. hail Hydra. now, deke was helping the team in the future, and he ended up getting himself sent back to the past. he's very happy to be on a not destroyed earth, and goes on an awesome Zima bender. and Fitz and Simmons are having their wedding. they're not taking any more chances of being separated. and pretty soon they figure out that deke is their grandson. by the way, in the basement of lighthouse are three obelisks, do - and Anakin's they get blown up, and it hope. it's a crazy rift in space-time. and long story short, they seal it up for now. anyway, Hale kidnaps Coulson and uses an alien teleporter to talk to these aliens she's been talking to they warned him an alien invasion coming to earth, and they're offering protection in exchange for resources. hell's got her own plan for protection. she wants to give her daughter, Ruby, superpowers by infusing her with gravitonium. yeah, the stuff from the very beginning of season one, it finally came back. wilson realizes that is probably what breaks the earth apart. and it's like, no, you can't do it. but Ruby's a headstrong teenager. she's doing it anyway. she does now have gravity powers, but she can't control them. so yo-yo slices her throat, killing her right there and saving the world. or did she? because now aliens show up. they attack the lighthouse. our gangs got a big last stand, just like the mines of moria. general Talbot is there with him. he survived the fake Daisy gunshot, but has been held prisoner and tortured by hell this whole time. but he sees a chance to save the world, puts himself in the gravitonium machine, and, boom. he's got full-on gravity powers and seems to be totally in control. he grabs Coulson and flies right up to that alien mothership. it's like, hey man, are you okay? you going crazy or anything? he's like, not bill. I'm good. but then start saying things like, kneel before me. he borrows some of their clothes for a fashion makeover. and, yeah, looking like a full-on supervillain, he meets what the rest of the alien council and the invasion they weren't he'll about was Thanos. yeah, we have caught up to infinity war. so Talbots like, cool. I'm gonna go join the Avengers and kick the noses, but first I got to absorb some more gravitonium. Coulson's like, hey man, I'm not sure that's a good idea. and it's like, you dare defy me? yes. the comic relief side character has become the big bad the team comes to rescue Coulson, and during the fight, may and Coulson kiss for real. this time. neither of them are a robot. they think they found a way to stop Talbot, hilariously involving the centipede serum from season 1. but there's a problem. Coulson is dying. yeah. when he took on the Ghost Rider, it burned out. all the crew blood in him. so his old wound is slowly killing him. the centipede serum could save him, but they only have one dose. they have to choose between stopping Talbott and saving Coulson, which is, of course, exactly the dilemma that future yoyo award yourself about cousins. like, hey, you gotta let me go. but may makes the decision for the group and destroys the stopping Talbot ingredient. she's like, I'm not losing you, Coulson. so Talbots flying his ship down to Chicago, where he illegally parks. there's a bunch of gravitonium under the ground here, and he's absorbing it to power himself up. The Avengers are busy with a nose, but quake is here to prove she's an Avengers level superhero. in the end, Talbot gets the upper hand. he's going to absorb quakes powers into his own, which would certainly be the thing that cracks the world. but turns out Coulson did not take the serum. he hid it in Daisy's gauntlets. so she grabs it and powers herself up. boom, blast Talbot up into space, and the world is saved. I mean, except from Thanos, but that's the Avengers problem. unfortunately, during the fight, Oh a cave in on fit, and no, Fitz dies. but wait, this Fitz came back with us from the future. isn't the original Fitz still in cryosleep? Coulson, no, is truly dying. he doesn't have much time left. it is a tearful farewell. Coulson was the heart of this team. he retires to spend his last few days somewhere he's never actually been, Tahiti, gotta say, it's pretty magical. and right there with him is his true love, Melinda. may to spend his beautiful final days together. now, the king saved the world from Talbot, but of course, then Oh still snapped. but season six doesn't mention that at all. so maybe they're in an alternate timeline where that didn't happen. so in season six, the gang's taking a quick trip to space to pick up a sleepy bits. but the timeline has changed now. and in this one, Enoch and Fitz a ship is destroyed. it turns into a year-long space adventure looking for him. quick as dyed her hair blonde, and Simmons has bangs. now, agents Davis and Piper are with him on this quest. they're hilarious. background characters have been around for a few seasons, and their roles just keep getting bigger. they have some wacky space adventures, but they're always one step behind finding Fitz. back on earth, Mack is the new director of shield. he was unanimously voted in. he's come a long way from being just the engineer who tried to quit when he found out they were dealing with alien stuff. one day, some post-apocalyptic portal travelers show up on earth, and their leaders got a big-ass truck. and turns out their leader is Coulson. what? he's clearly not the real Coulson, though. I could call him evil Coulson, but I think I might call him sexy Coulson. his team just calls him Sarge though, and they are super cool riding around in their invisible truck. long story short, may eventually tracks him down, and he has no idea who Coulson is. they think he's a villain because he's going around stabbing people. but not people that alien bat parasites inside of them. yeah, they get inside, you pull them, turning the crystal oh, it's bad. sergeant's team have been traveling the galaxy hunting down their leader, eyes Elle, and she's on her way to earth. back to Fitz, he's on his own wacky space adventure with his new best friend, Enoch Lana puncta. seen a planet with just one ship, and long story short, get caught counting cards. Daisy and Simmons have finally caught up to him, but they stop for a little alien puff pastry. but turns out it's a very strong hallucinogen. at least you have a hilarious girls night out in space Vegas. they finally find Fitz, but he's immediately captured again, this time by the chronic comms. turns out their home planet was destroyed, and since they know our team just saved earth via time travel, it's like, hey, teach us time travel. unfortunately, they're not asking nicely. they're basically prisoners. so Fitz and Simmons are finally reunited, except as prisoners inside a mine develop matrix machine, which leads to some interesting shenanigans. by the way, this fits missed all of season five because it happened in his future, which is now totally changed. anyway, they're rescued by their new best friend, Enoch, who has decided the other chronic comms were being kind of dicks. they traveled back to casino planet, where they're still in trouble for counting cards. but this pink haired girl pays their fine and is like, hey, I actually need some human help. you guys can roll with me. I'm heading to her. unfortunately, it becomes quickly apparent that this pink haired girl is eyes ow. so back on earth, the crystal pocalypse is starting. Sarge's plan is to crash his truck into it. he needs help with the tech thing, so they bring in Dee job. after last season, dick decided to go find his place in the world, and turns out it is as a douchebag Silicon Valley billionaire. yeah, he's kind of cheating, using his knowledge of future tech to make sweet VR video games, which includes a super sexy Daisy. he's got to give Mac 10% of his company to not tell her. deke meets his new crush though, in the form of Sarge's teammates, snowflake. she's got him a psychopath who likes killing people with knives and saying they'll be reincarnated as butterflies. but the deep Meister is not concerned about that. he'll take what he can get. anyway, part of sargent plan, he didn't tell them, is that there's a nuclear bomb on his truck. uses his portal gun to piece on out of there and hijack the shield plane. so to save themselves in the nearby town, quick. gotta hold the bomb while they crash, stabilizing it. Mac not Sarge out and locks him up. but the big guy and his team is gonna help him go on to isael ship, their rescue, Fitz and Simmons and CIL. but when they get up there, she's disappeared. so after they all leave, big guys going back solo. she's still gotta be here somewhere. boom, boom. blows up her ship. so the day is saved. make us to talk to Sarge, but then shoots him afterward. she has no memory of that. wait, what happened? yes, eyes L is a Body Snatcher. they can't fight someone who keeps jumping between them. and to prove that she means business, she kills Davis. Oh, so what's I sell after? anyway, she's here for the obelisks. they're all destroyed. of course, but their energy is still contained within the speaker. it's arginine. while is not dead, in fact, he is crazy healing powers. he's fine. he goes down there to finally kill isael, but she is immune to bullets. he drops a crazy truth bomb on him. they're not enemies. in fact, they're the same species of interdimensional ancient Incan gods. when they cross dimensions to get here. the body of manifested for him was Coulson's. because I guess Coulson's like, spent time near the odd lists. it's fake magical science, don't worry too much about it. but in any case, he ended up with amnesia and thought that isael was his archenemy. Sargent doesn't remember this, though he still wants to kill her for, you know, destroying planets and stuff. so she takes Mack and yoyo as hostages and pieces out of there. Mei tries to get through Sarge. she's starting to remember some of Coulson's memories, but he's like, no, I hate that. Coulson being killed though, seems to awaken some of his superpowers. stays. he goes to take him out, but he calls her sky something only Colson and I would still do. so it's like home. he because it really isn't there somewhere. let's work together to stop Mizell, and maybe we'll get him back. so I cell has traveled to the Temple of Doom. machan yo-yo accidentally manifests their friend, Flint, I guess, because their fear is, I thought would possess him and use him to rebuild the monoliths. oh, she's doing the ritual - whoa. open the portal. sergeant may are here to stop her. now, though, he's gonna stab her with the sword of destiny, but, oh, he can't. yes. just then he's remembered everything maze-like. now, Golson, my love, I know you're in there. and he's like, no, I don't think so. stabs May and kicks her through the portal. meanwhile, the chronic combs have decided that their time travel plan is too convoluted. the best way to get a new planet is to conquer earth. it's at Simmons in dire straits. but, oh, what's this? they're saved by their best friend, Enoch, in disguise. so may is now in the underworld, I guess. and finds that death doesn't mean anything near the ancient priests are opening the door - I think the brenden fraiser mommy series, they figured she'd better put a stop to that. so I cells got to go in in person, and they have a sword fight outside. the rest of the gang confronts Sarge, who is not human at all anymore. max still thinks he can punch this ancient Incan God, but it doesn't really work. I shall beat me, and comes back to help Sarge, but o'may followed her through the portal, stabbed she alley-oop, throws the sword to Mack, who a bow, takes him out. the portal closes, and the day is saved, although back in the Material Plane, Mays died now. but wait, what's this? Simmons shows up with like a whole team in hazmat suits. she shoots me with the medicine to worry. she'll be fine. this whole thing is very surreal. she's like, sorry, guys, no time to explain cuz we got a teleport out of here. where did they teleport to? the questions not where. it's when again, cuz they're in 1920s New York. this is all part of their new best friend, Enochs complicated, crazy plan to save humanity from the chronic comms. and another key part of this crazy plan, their team's missing their most important member. they've made a life model decoy of Coulson. yeah, Coulson's back in a robot form. the gangs time-traveling to the 1920s. how will this wild ride come to an end? find out on the seventh and final season of agents of shield. if you let me is recap. hit that subscribe button. I'm doing the best recaps of deviant movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 