welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about brothers. sam cahill is a u.s marine captain about to embark on his fourth combat deployment. he is a steadfast family man, married to his high school sweetheart, grace, and together they raised two young daughters, isabelle and maggie. sam's brother, tommy, is being released from prison for an armed robbery before sam departs to afghanistan in october 2007. sam deploys, and after a bit of time, news comes that sam's blackhawk helicopter had been shot down during an operation in the helmand province, killing all of the marines aboard. in reality, he and a hometown friend, private joe willis, have been taken prisoner in a mountain village by taliban fighters. with sam gone, tommy attempts to redeem himself in the eyes of his family by wrangling old friends to help with a kitchen remodel for grace and the girls. grace slowly sheds her previous resentment towards her brother-in-law. as months pass, grace and tommy bond over their mutual morning, culminating in a passionate fireside kiss they immediately regret it and do not take their attraction any further. though tommy continues to win the favor of his nieces. meanwhile, sam and joe are tortured by their captors, forced to make videotaped dismissals of the military and their mission. though only joe cracks. the captors eventually deem him useless and force sam, at gunpoint, to beat joe to death with a lead pipe. sometime later, sam is rescued by american forces. once he returns home, sam drifts through a cold, paranoid days, showing signs of severe post-traumatic stress disorder due to the traumatic events he experienced in afghanistan, refusing to explain to his family what happened while he was there. sam also lies to joe's widow and claims he does not know how joe died. his paranoia also leads him to believe grace cheated on him with tommy in his absence. during maggie's sixth birthday party at her grandparents, hank and elsie's home, a resentful and jealous isabel falsely claims that tommy and grace are having an affair. after the family returns home, sam becomes enraged, destroying the newly remodeled kitchen with a crowbar and pulling a pistol on tommy, who arrives and tries to calm his brother's violent breakdown. the police arrive, and after a violent confrontation in which sam holds the gun to his head and contemplates suicide, he reluctantly surrenders after a frantic plea from tommy and grace. after the police arrest sam, he has admitted to a mental hospital. grace visits him and tells him that if he does not tell her what is tormenting him, he will lose her forever. faced with this decision, sam finally opens up about the source of his pain, confiding in her that he killed joe. as sam and grace embrace, we hear sam wondering via narration, if he will be able to continue living a normal life. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 