hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 1978 horror film halloween, starring jamie lee curtis. warning, spoilers ahead. on halloween night, 1963, in haddonfield, six-year-old michael myers places a clown mask over his head and stabs his sister judith to death with a kitchen knife. michael then walks out of the house, where his parents are shocked to find him holding a bloody butcher knife. mr myers removes michael's mask, revealing his face, which is blank and expressionless. fifteen years later, michael, psychiatrist, dr samuel loomis and his colleague, marion chambers, arrive at the smith's grove sanitarium to transfer 21 year old michael myers from the hospital to the hardin county courthouse so that he can stand trial for his crimes. loomis warns marion about how dangerous michael is and that he hopes the outcome of the hearing is that michael will never be released from the sanitarium, as he believes that he is a psychopath. loomis leaves marion alone in the car to check the sanitarium's gate, michael appears and jumps onto the car. marion exits, and michael jumps inside the car and drives away. on his way back to haddonfield, he kills a mechanic and later steals a mask from a store. on halloween, michael sees high school student lori drop off a key at the long abandoned myers house that her father is trying to sell. laurie notices michael stalking her throughout the day, but her friends linda and annie dismiss her concerns. loomis arrives in hatton field in search of michael and finds judith's tombstone missing from the local cemetery. he meets with annie's father sheriff bracket, and they investigate michael's house, where loomis tells bracket that michael is pure evil. brackett is doubtful of the danger, but goes to patrol the streets while loomis waits at the house for michael's return. that night, laurie babysits tommy doyle, while annie babysits lindsay wallace across the street. michael follows them, spying on annie and killing the wallace's dog, lester, tommy, looks outside the window and catches a glimpse of michael across the street at the wallace house. he runs back to tell lori, but she does not believe him. annie later takes lindsay to the doyle house to spend the night so she can pick up her boyfriend paul. when she gets into her car, michael appears from the back seat, strangling her and slitting her throat. soon after, linda and her boyfriend, bob arrive at the wallace house and find it empty. after sleeping with linda, bob goes downstairs to get a beer. michael appears, shoves bob against the wall and stabs him with his knife, pinning him to the wall. after that, michael drapes a bed sheet over his body. he covers the sheet with bob's eyeglasses to deceive linda into thinking this is her boyfriend. linda chuckles as he enters the bedroom wearing the sheet and teases him to no effect. annoyed, she calls lori to find out what happened to annie. as she waits for laurie to pick up the phone, michael discards the bed sheet and begins strangling linda with the phone cord, while laurie listens on the other end, thinking it is a joke. linda collapses to the ground, lifeless. meanwhile, loomis discovers the car michael has stolen and begins searching the streets. later that night, laurie goes to the wallace house across the street. she finds annie's body sprawled out across the bed. at the head of the bed is judith meyer stolen tombstone. lori starts screaming and turns around to find linda and bob's bodies. she flees to the hallway in terror, where michael suddenly appears in the dark and slashes her arm, causing her to fall over the stairway banister, cracking her ankle. injured. laurie narrowly escapes and runs back to the doyle house, where the door is locked and she cannot find her keys. she wakes up tommy, who lets her in. laurie tells him to lock lindsay and himself in the upstairs bedroom. after tommy leaves, michael appears in the living room. laurie stabs him in the neck with a knitting needle, thinking he's dead. lori staggers upstairs to check on the kids, but is shocked to see michael alive. she tells the kids to hide in the bathroom while laurie hides in the bedroom closet. but michael finds her. laurie takes a coat hanger and hits him with it, forcing him to drop his knife. she then picks up the knife and runs it through his stomach. michael collapses onto the floor. she then tells tommy and lindsey to go down the street to a neighbor's house to call the police. after they leave, michael awakens once again. he comes up behind lori and begins strangling her. laurie rips michael's mask off, forcing him to release her, and allowing her to see his face before re-putting his mask on. loomis arrives at the house and shoots michael six times, making him falling off the house's balcony. ledge when loomis later looks down over the balcony, he notices michael has vanished. loomis looks off into the night unsurprised, while lori sobs in terror. michael's breathing is heard during a montage of locations where he had recently been indicating he is still alive and could be anywhere. thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time 