so I'm pretty in touch with the female side of myself, aka, I see these movies as guilty pleasures, because I still stand that a walk to remember is a masterpiece when it comes to the Romantic genre. that is my opinion, and I will state it as fact. so imagine my face when I see another movie about a musician being raised by a single father, getting flirted on by a high school athlete while she has a terminal illness. I'm a sucker for those. I'm not saying that this one is great, that it's phenomenal. it's got its cheesy moments. it's a quick stream in in my opinion, but it also stars Arnold Schwarzenegger son. let me explain. so if you saw this in theaters, the place was probably going to be packed with middle schoolers, like it was for me. since this is like a CW cinema release. Bella Thorne has this thing called XP, which means she's got to live like most rappers, under house arrest, since she's not allowed to see the Sun because it'll hurt her. but every night she's able to go out, and she sneaks to the train station and plays her guitar by the tracks like she's the greasy strangler. until one day, Terminator jr. over here walks up to her, and of course, she nervously walks away because she's moonstruck, but leaves behind her notebook. dude obviously finds her. they take a walk to remember, and they chill until dawn breaks, and she's got a dip before sunrise. here's the thing, my man here is clueless, and she doesn't say anything about the big cygnus she has and keeps him out of the loop. I find that funny, because this is one of those movies where they like, explain everything to the audience. there are moments where the dads breaking down his daughters onus to the doctor who diagnosed her. but besides all the exposition that they put in the movie to, you know, inform the audience, she doesn't tell commando anything, right? and they just keep hanging out. right after Twilight, they travel and go all Sleepless in Seattle, until it happens one night. so, yeah, it's like 2 o'clock in the morning in the movie, and randomly, they enter into a coke commercial while she's playing on the street. as if all these people would really show up. they then waste more time when they go skinny-dipping, since, you know, screw XP. let's die of hypothermia. and then, of course, they end up losing track of time as the eternal sunshine breaks through at 5 in the morning. and she gets extremely sick. now, look, I get it. if you've never been kissed, now, you don't want to ruin any chance to, you know, get it right? you'd show up on that boat that he keeps buh, think about sailing, even though you know you're sick in the middle of the day, some blazing looking like spongebob when he was in Sandy's dome, just cuz you don't want to ruin it with Bay, right? you want them to like you. but girl, you can't love no one when you're dead, obviously. what they have is love, actually. and he helps her live on her final days of the full list as her condition gets worse. and he even surprises her at a certain point at a studio as they record her song that all of the musicians randomly know as well. but little does she know that it would be her last song. okay, I'm done with those. here's my thing with this movie, right? I know me before you did something similar and people went crazy over it. and for some reason, this one isn't getting any attention. but that ending, that ending when she decides that she wants to actually go on that boats and sail with the dude, know and good and well that she's going to die, and yet the dad, friend and boy toy, I'll allow it. ain't that assisted suicide. I mean, y'all, Jason kiddin it over here with this murder, right? I get she only has a limited time to live, but you at least got a hope for the best. not leave her out to fry. either way, her song makes it big on the radio, which I guess means she lives on. her family and friends move on in memory of her. and the audience of middle schoolers in my screening is left with the biggest lesson of the mall, don't drag long in your dates, or you'll die thinking either. checking out this video, as always, let me know your thoughts down below in the comments section. of course, it wasn't going to be as good as a walk to remember. if you haven't seen that, then go watch it and have a night that you will remember it, because it is the best romantic movie that's out there. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you some sunscreen 