the film joker starts in such a city where lower and upper straight live together, but wealthy people did not support the poor people. the movie revolves around arthur, who lives in this city with his mother. [Music], he loved comedy and wanted to become a great comedian one day. his ideal was a host who had a great comedy show. he wished that one day he will be with him on his show. he used to work hard for it. [Music], then arthur is shown, who is standing holding a signboard of a company. some mischievous boys appear there. they run away after teasing him and snatching his sign. he runs after those kids to take back his sign, but those kids make him run and hit that board on his face. as a result, sign is broken, and then they also beat arthur. being disheartened, he directly moves to his employer. he tells the whole story of what has been done to him by the kids. he says, are you in your senses? how can the kids do this? he says, i will also not pay your wages. author has low confidence, so he cannot argue in his favor here. being dejected, he goes outside. he thinks that he is too worse that no one believes him. coming back to his house, he begins to dance. it is shown here that he is also physically weak. next day, author tells about those kids to his co-worker. his co-worker says to him, it was wrong, and you should take care of yourself, he says, giving a gun to him, that keep it in your possession. this will help you in the time of trouble. then arthur leaves for his house. he is in a bus and there is a kid sitting before him. he tries to make him laugh. the boy begins to laugh loudly. his mother is infuriated on this. she says to arthur, don't disturb us. but arthur starts laughing on it. actually, arthur suffers from some sort of the mental disorder. he cannot control his laughter and starts laughing anywhere. so he then gives a card to that lady in which his condition is explained. coming to his house, he takes his medication. this medication was costly, and he was not financially well, so he used to take this medication from the government medical store. one day he visits his psychiatrist. she says to arthur, show me your diary. opening his diary, she finds a statement that, i don't want to die awfully as i have spent my life. then arthur goes to his house, and his mother asks him, have you received any letter sent from thomas? arthur responds no. his mother says to him that he will surely support us after knowing our condition. next day, arthur encounters a single mother with her daughter on the way returning to his house. when he returns to his house, his mother again asks about the same letters. arthur says he will not support us and asks, what is your connection with him? on next day, that single mother comes to arthur's house. she says to him, i am noticing that you are chasing me. author replies, i like you. that girl begins to smile. they soon develop a friendship. arthur again receives an opportunity for comedian job at the children's hospital. when arthur is dancing at the hospital, the gun falls out from his pocket. all kids are scared and the whole faculty is surprised. he is then also fired from this job. as the news spreads, he calls his employer and says, it is just a toy gun. his employer says, don't lie. your co-worker has told everything to me. arthur is again disheartened, thinking his co-worker had done wrong with him. then it is shown arthur is returning back by train. there are also three businessmen in the train. they are harassing a girl in the train. author begins to laugh because of his mental disorder. but those three men think that he is laughing at them. they beated him up. arthur was trying to tell them about his condition, but three of them didn't hear him at all. being aggressive, author takes out his gun and kills all of them. he flees, thinking he has murdered three persons. he then locks himself in a lavatory. in the beginning, he was fearing, but suddenly he starts to dance as he was not regretful. tv is broadcasting the news as he comes home. thomas is talking there. he tells that three people who were murdered, they were his men, and they were killed by a clown. here, the poor people are supporting the clown. instead of feeling sorry for these three people, they are protesting against the rich people in the appearance of clowns. arthur visits his psychiatrist. she tells we are meeting today for the last time because government has stopped funding us, and i cannot treat you without any cost. arthur is again dejected. then arthur comes on the show where he is making others laugh. he is unable to make them laugh. in anxiety, he begins to laugh loudly. and his show is disturbed. when he comes back to his house, his mother says, my son post his letter, which is for thomas. author does not believe when he reads it. he asks his mother, why did you keep it secret from me? his mother tells him she did not do it deliberately. thomas and i had feelings for each other, even we wanted to marry, but i belong to the poor family, while he was rich. arthur leaves to meet his father. when he reaches there, thomas own son is there behind the back of the gate. author begins to show his childish behavior before him. he also tries to make him laugh. meantime, thomas domestic work approaches there. he says to that kid, it is not good to talk with a stranger. and he asks arthur to leave. arthur says, i will leave after revealing the truth. my mother served for 30 years for thomas house. they used to like each other, and i am not the son of another person. but thomas, the domestic worker, says to him, you and your mother are both mad. hearing it, author feels ill and leaves from there. coming to his house, he comes to know that his mother had a heart attack, and she is shifted to the hospital. two police officers arrive to him as he is sitting outside. they ask him, do you know about the three victims who were murdered in the train? arthur says, no. how can i know? he knows that her mother has also been interrogated, which caused the heart attack. then on the tv comes arthur's favorite tv host. he starts watching his show. finally, at the first sight, his own face is shown on the tv. actually, arthur's ideal was making fun of him when arthur was unable to control his laughter in a comedy show. in this way, author is badly hurt, thinking, my ideal is making fun of me. i had got motivation from him. he is not believing on it. thomas comes to the house, and tv is broadcasting news that city's circumstances have gone worse. poor strata has come on the road, putting on the clown makeup. and they are protesting against the aristocratic people. much enmity has increased among them, and they are all opponent of thomas. arthur is much excited, knowing it all, had put on the clown makeup. he feels that his work has been complemented for the first time. now, the place where the poor strata were revolting was a theater. the aristocratic people were watching a movie in the theater. thomas was also there. police arrived there in order to stop that riot. taking the advantage of this, alpha moves inside the theater. he goes to the lavatory of theater, where thomas had also come. arthur says to him politely while going to him, i am your son. thomas says to him, i don't know about any lady by this name. and he strongly punches him. as a result, his nose begins to bleed. author returns to his house. he receives the call of police officer. they wanted to interrogate arthur about that day when those three men had been killed. author also comes to know that his best-loved comedian has invited him on his show. actually, the comedy clip of arthur, which he had played in his show, had gone viral. he is extremely excited. but he thinks that thomas, domestic worker, had told that, my mother is insane. so he visits a psychiatric hospital where her mother had been treated. he asks the record of his mother from them. he runs away after stealing that file record, there was a written statement that arthur's mother was in a relationship with another person. he used to torture her physically. arthur had also received an injury on his head, so he is suffering this disease today. he directly moves to his friend's single mother. from there, here it is revealed that she does not exist. she was just the part of his imaginations he used to visualize her. arthur is much worried because of his mother's wound. going to hospital, he chokes his mother to death with pillow. coming to the house, he finds a photo with a written statement at its back, that and this photo belonged to his mother. he realizes here that his mother was not telling a lie. he begins to apply his clown makeup. being dejected, he is blank about the happenings around him. then his same co-worker appears there. he says, i want to interrogate about your mother's recent murder and the killing of three persons in train. author thinks they have again come to make their life a chaos. and here he kills his co-worker violently. after this, now he was preparing to go to his favorite comedians show. he is very excited, and he is going while dancing on the way. both police officers also arrive there, who were detecting the train incident. but arthur runs away. he boards a train. while running, there were also many people wearing clown costume. police cannot search him among number of people. getting chance of it, he comes out from there, and he goes to his favorite comedians show. he asked, are you also in clown? look, are you also revolting against aristocratic people? author requests him, don't expose me before the people accept this fact that i am an ordinary clown. then their live transmission is started onlookers get excited watching him. they are appreciating it. arthur's favorite comedian asks him a question there, that, why have you come here putting on the clown makeup? he replies, i always wanted to be happy, and i also wanted to distribute the bliss among people people liked me in this look, so i preferred to come as such. here he also talks something shocking. he tells everyone in this live transmission that the killed people and train have been murdered by me. he says, i revealed it before you because many poor people ended till now, many people of upper class violently killed the poor people. has anyone given attention or tell me, if someone missed the victims, why do the people are raising their voice? if i have killed any wealthy man, it is not your sympathy at all. if you have invited me in this show, you did it as such because the popularity of your show was increasing due to my presence. but arthur's favorite comedian says it is not at all. arthur is angered, saying, are you still telling a lie? he fires his gun on him before everyone taking it out. people are frightened and begin to run outside. but arthur is seen confident here. he is not fearing anyone. police seizes clown arthur on this crime and begin to take him far, getting him into the vehicle. but arthur observes that there are many people supporting him on the way. some of them get in the ambulance and they crash it, driving speedily with the police car. so the police car is crashed, and the clown has come outside. now he stands on the same vehicle, uniting with those people. all people were looking at him and complimenting him with joy. his mouth and nose were bleeding, but he draws a smiling curve with the blood and begins to laugh, spreading his hand. actually, it was such a smile which concealed pain and grief. now he had become the ideal of everyone. he was satisfied with it, as people were complimenting him. in the end, on the other side, thomas comes on the scene, who is leaving this city with his current wife and son. but a clown standing aside kills them firing his gun, but he does not harm their son. then the location changes and arthur is seen with psychiatrist. he is also laughing. there. that psychiatric says to him, why do you continue to laugh for no reason? arthur says to her, you will never be able to understand this feeling, saying it. he comes outside. his outsole of shoes were filled with blood. it reveals how a pious man turned into a murderer. and the movie also completes on this scene 