welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, we're going to be breaking down the new Netflix film, the platform. the high concept movie has a lot to unpack from it, and in the wake of what's currently going on in the world, the film feels extremely relevant. throughout this video, we're going to be discussing the ins and outs of the movie's plot, its ending and the real meaning behind it. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to catch the movie yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now, make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please click the thumbs up if you enjoy it. with all that out of the way, thank you for clicking this, now let's get into our breakdown of the platform. okay, so the platform has several metaphors about society, with there being clear comments about class warfare. the platform is set in a dystopian future in which resources are short, and clearly the structures of civilization are failing. we follow gang, a member of a prison called the pit that is made up of 333 levels. goring has voluntarily entered the prison in order to get a degree. but he soon realizes that he signed up for more than he bargained for. on each level, other than zero, there are two prisoners placed in the cell and a platform of food that descends from the top downwards. level zero is the location of the privileged, and they create the food and thus the economy of the pit. the platform remains on each level for two minutes, and in that time, the prisoners can eat food from the table. if the levels above you eat too much, then you will likely starve. and the movie very much centers around the aesthetic that those higher up on the chain get to live lavishly, whilst those further down must feed upon the scraps. the film very much carries the message that if everyone only took what they needed, and there would be enough for all. however, as I'm sure you can guess, the majority of the people on the levels are very self-centered, and thus they tend to overindulge whenever they get the opportunity. it's a motif that is extremely relevant to our times. and this movie definitely struck a chord with me after seeing the the crazy panic buying of toilet paper recently. that was a situation in which many people took more than they needed. and thus, because of this greed, we've been left with shortages. so the more vulnerable members of society left with very little. this film is very much about how greed and being self-centered can often lead to the downfall of others, even if unintentional. take for example, Evangeline Lilly, who was recently refused to self isolate because she says she values the freedom of life. that's fine, and I'm sure we would alter to love to go running through the hills. but the reason that people are locking themselves away right now isn't because they're worried about dying from the disease. it's because, if they get it, they could pass it on to others who will die from it. and this selfish attitude is putting people at risk. this self-centered thought process is what has led to a pandemic, and now because of it, everyone is worse off. I don't want to get too preachy, as everyone has the right to do what they want, but the movie is definitely about the thoughtful versus the thoughtless, and how even just a handful of the latter can have a knock-on effect most of the prisoners in this movie start off very wide-eyed. however, due to the situations that they're put in and the greed of others, they end up becoming greedy themselves. the prisoners changed levels, and do so every month. and we initially start with Kerrang being partnered with a man named Reema gassy. all prisoners are allowed to bring one item in with them from the outside, and tremor gassy has brought in a self sharpening knife, which he was pretty much tricked into buying. this exemplifies his personality and how he will always try and keep ahead of others, even if it means he loses out eventually. he's a cruel man who spits on food, just a lord at over those below him. and is very much someone that will climb up the rope and then pull it up with them. this is because he views society is tricking him into hedging his bets on one thing and then making him realize that it was all a scam. he killed an illegal immigrant by throwing a TV out of a window. and anger after he was fooled. and he refuses to take responsibility for the things that he's done. he only gives grain what he gets in return, information-wise. tries to take ownership of the word, obviously, and won't even let Goren come to his side of the room. it's very petty stuff, and it does showcase how certain members of society act. the food in the pit could be rationed out fairly, but trimmer gas II would rather have the opportunity to potentially get more one day, even though we know that this is a trick to keep those who are truly empowered constantly above him. there are comments on communism, and the movie definitely paints out the message that if things were more equal, than we would live in a fairer society. however, trimmer gassy doesn't wish for this, as he does not view those around him as equal because he wants the opportunity to get more. this never really works out for him though, and there are times where he has to resort to things like cannibalism in order to potentially get to a higher level, when if things were fairer, he would be fine. every single month. he's basically that guy at work that you start off with, you know, the one? then they became a supervisor, and it completely changed the way they act. you know the guy. I think he's called Steven, but, but he's got a lisp, so he's called even now, because of the outbreak that were in, my friend was actually given a month at home to do work. however, for some reason, the people that had to remain on site said that it wasn't fair that his department were going to be off. so now he has to go back to work, even though the people who made an uproar will have to be in anyway, they made things worse for others, even though they didn't have to, because they viewed things as being unfair. it speaks to human behavior and how he will often try to bring down others with us. similar to this tremor gasps, he has very little power, so the power that he does get has completely corrupted him, and he uses it to crap on others. those above him will never accept him, but he's driven so much by his own ego that he sees himself as powerful. and thus he becomes a figure of hate. juxtaposing this gang rises throughout the film. and this is exemplified in his choice of his item, which is the book Don Quixote. in that a nobleman goes through so much to to the splendor that he receives that he loses his mind and ends up becoming a knight that serves the community instead of himself. that's a real top-level view of it, but the book is very much exemplified in Greg's journey. he's criticized for doing this, and represents the academic not having first-hand experience of what they're talking about. but it does eventually provide him with the knowledge of how to help others. Greg initially starts off refusing to eat the food, but of course, hunger gets the better of him, and he ends up giving into the system, much in the same way that my wife ended up buying 900 toilet rolls because everyone else did. one day, another prison in Miharu come down on the platform, searching for a child. it's believed that this is a son. but as we get into the movie, we discover that this isn't true. she's an immigrant, and because of this, she falls into the other tree. magazi villain ices her with lies, and you get the sense that he blames her for the way things are. rather than realizing that it's a system at fault and not her. society dumps on her and even when she stands up for herself, she's further detested. in this first month, Greg makes the most of what he has worth through magazi and his lip service paid to the latter, believing in God this month, because he's had a good one. this kind of reminded me of when actors and sports stars gain awards and they thank God for it. when they lose, they don't blame God for making them lose. so, yeah, it was a nice little line that shows human psychology. anyway, they both wake up on level 1 7 1, which is the lowest one that tree magazi has ever been on. and because of this, he pulls the drastic measure of tying goring up in order to eat him. when the platform comes down with no food, he blames those above and calls them animals for not leaving anything. however, he did the same he purges Greg's flash in order to make him taste better. and Gio says he's about to start the long and agonizing process of eating him, Miharu comes down and rescues him. goring resorts to eating trimmer gassy. and he learns perspective on what it is to be as desperate as the man before him, showing that being less judgmental to others is very important, as you don't know what they've been through. he wakes up in a cell on level 33 with EMU. Gary, who was an interviewer for the pit. she's been diagnosed with terminal cancer and is wracked with guilt for being part of the system after sending so many to hell, she's decided to join them to try and help. she represents the higher up, feeling remorseful for their privilege, and actually sacrifices herself in order to help Greg. initially, she talks to the prisoners below about rationing, but they don't listen. this showcases those in positions of power using their voices to try and influence those below. gal gadot recently did a video in which celebrities sang imagine by John Lennon. and it was meant to show that we're all in this together. however, as you probably know, this didn't go down well. celebrities, due to their privilege, on in the desperate situations that others are in, and thus sending thoughts and prayers, it does very little. similar to that video, what the words McGary fall on deaf ears and Gaurang is forced into making threats that change things. he threatens to defecate on the food if they don't listen. and thus the ones below do, but the ones above don't, because they have no threat to them. thus we can take from this that the power structure of kindness must start from the top. all this adds to a really engaging film, and it's certainly one of the most unique metaphors of society structure and how things are set up. Miharu arrives on the platform and they save her, but she kills a mcGarry's dog. and though she sent back down, Emma Geary says that the woman is an actress and her prejudices get the better of her. she says that she interviewed her, and as she didn't have a child with her at the time. in McGary brandishes a liar. upon waking up on level 2 or 2, we realized that emu Gary has killed herself in order to give something for going to feed upon. there our last supper metaphors as well as her and trimmer gases ghosts acting as angels and devils on his shoulder. after surviving an arduous month, he wakes up in a cell with a man named baharat, who brought a Robin with him in order to climb up, but those above don't let him ascend. this could have destroyed the pair. however, the two decide to ride the lift down, rushing of the food to the cells. they've put their differences in race, attitude and background aside, and thus there's a positive outcome. this shows that when we work together, instead of divided, we can survive and get by. though this rationing is initially hated by the masses, after proving it works in convincing those through the process, they send a message to level zero, they initially think of the best way to do this is through protecting a perfect dessert and sending it back up. which shows that when we bond, we can showcase that things can change. through the descent, they see people coveting money, their possessions and anything they can, even though it's completely pointless to the predicament that they're in. upon arriving at the bottom, they discover mejores child, who is actually shown to be a girl, showcasing how things get twisted and changed when we do not know the full story. they give the desert to her to eat, cementing that she carries the message with her. after baharat dies, meringue puts the child on the platform and it travels back up to the top. this cements that it is possible to teach the children of our future that there are other ways to do things, and that they must not become trapped into the same routines as us. those higher up believe that no one will. sixteen was in the pit, and they enforced these lies, perhaps to free themselves of guilt. however, this showcases that there were indeed younger people suffering, and they would likely go on to grow up and become trapped in the same systems. if we are able to teach those going forward and not to fall victim to the same mistakes as we did, then there will be progression that will eventually elevate us all. it shows us that we can use our actions and words to let the higher up to know that things must change. however, we too must be willing to make sacrifices in order to achieve this. and the bottom g\xc3\xb6ran goes off with the ghost of prema cassie, showing that the old ways have died, and it is possible that there can be a new way of thinking. now before we get into the review, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the film in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. now, what did I think of the movie overall? well, whilst I definitely don't think that the platform is for everyone, those who appreciate films that have a lot of social commentary in will definitely that this up was a lot going on, and it carries a powerful message with it. the movie is well acted and presented, and it stands is probably the best Netflix original this year. due to the times that we currently live in, I feel like the platform is extremely relevant and should definitely be something that people check out. even if they don't agree with all of the key themes, the platform is great and I think it will be a big talking point going forward. it's a movie that stuck with me long after watching it. and because of that, it gets a 9 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the platform and what you took from a movie. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out a breakdown of Westworld, season 3, episode 1, which is going to be linked at the end. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. there's a thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. you 