[Music], if you were forced to play a game to the death against your high school classmates and only one of you can survive, what would you do? in this video, i'll break down the mistakes made, what you should do and how to beat the high school death game. in the movie kings game, this girl's life is about to turn into a nightmare. chimi here is about to go to bed when she receives a strange message forcing her to play something called the king's game, but she doesn't know who it's from. rule number one is no one's allowed to quit the game at any time. and rule number two is the players must obey the king's command within 24 hours, or else they'll be punished. the first order is for a boy in her class to confess his love to a secret crush. she has no idea what punish means, and the whole thing sounds like a dumb prank. the next day, all the students arrive at school and pressure the boy to admit who he likes. pushing him forward, the classmates watch as he asks this girl out on a date. he gets rejected and returns to his seat completely embarrassed. but all of a sudden, everyone gets a message on their phones from the king confirming that the order was obeyed. they'll soon learn that somebody in this room is not who they think. and by the end of this game, they're all going to wish they were dead. okay, these kids think this is an innocent game, but the stakes here are going to become so high that murdering your classmates wouldn't even be the worst thing they could do. by the time this game is over, they have no reason yet to think this is going to kill somebody. but at the very least, we should try a little harder to figure out who's sending these messages. the person who sent the message is disguising their identity, and it's in our interest to keep it a secret so that we can get in on the game to avoid being targeted. to figure out who this person is, i would send another text to the entire class from my phone, posing as the king, making another order that people must follow from the information we have. it's not against the rules, and whoever the real king is will probably look annoyed that we just posed as them. that way we can identify the king without the others knowing, and help control the game. now, if they did this, they would quickly realize that the center of these messages is not a student at all. and when they learn what will happen to them if they don't obey, they'll wish they took it a lot more seriously. that night, the girl receives a new message from the king's game. the second order commands that students number 4 and 19 must kiss each other tomorrow, or else they will be punished. the next day at school, the girl who was given the order to kiss isn't bothered by it at all. obeying the command, the girl approaches this boy and gives him a kiss on the lips. everyone gets excited, but as she walks back to her seat, they all receive a message from the king that confirms the command was obeyed. okay, if i'm looking for who the king is, nobody is more suspicious than this kid right here. if we all think that one of these students is controlling this game, it's not hard to imagine that the first thing they'll do is try and make out with the prettiest girl in the class. and no one will ever know that he was the one who made the dare in the first place. when students are bored, of school and stuck in class with no teacher to supervise us. there's no limit to what we might do with ourselves, given the right opportunities. the only problem is everyone has forgotten the second rule of the game. if you don't follow the orders, you will be punished. and nobody realizes that this game is going to get really twisted when the dares escalate. that night, the student gets another message for the next order and finds out that the class delinquent, hideki, must grope her chest, or else they will both be punished. she plans to avoid the dare at all costs, but staying home will be the worst mistake of her life. the next day at school, the boys are talking to the class delinquent, and they're all excited to watch him fulfill the order he's been given. but when this girl gets off the phone and tells them her friend doesn't want to be groped and is staying home, the guys are upset. that night, the students receive a message from the king saying that the orders have not been fulfilled, and as a punishment, the two students will be erased from existence. suddenly, the fourth order comes in, and it says, this nerdy student must have intercourse with this girl, who already has a boyfriend, or else to both face the punishment. chiami calls her friend to find out more, but that's when she sees a class photo and suddenly realizes her two classmates disappear from a photo on her wall. this isn't just an innocent game. the consequences are real. and if they fail to obey the commands, any record of their existence will be wiped off the face of the earth. okay, that's two down, and 29 more students to go. seeing your friends disappear from a printed photo in your bedroom turns this into a supernatural scenario, and that's not something i want to be a part of. no matter how many girls i might get to kiss. playing games with ghosts and demons is a surefire way of getting yourself haunted, killed or cursed. we know we'll have to obey every order from the king, no matter how horrible it is. in order to survive and win this game. we need to keep a cool head and be prepared to do whatever it takes when things get a lot worse. but if we're going to stay calm throughout this game, there's one thing that we have to prevent at all costs wet socks. fessy are 100 waterproof and snow proof sneakers. they are comfortable, stylish and wearable even in the winter. if it's a life or death situation, you do not want to have to deal with wet socks. and with vestis, you don't have to. these sneakers make rain and wet weather fun again, because they keep you protected, they look great, feel great, and they're super easy to clean. i've had my vessies for a little while now, and after wearing these waterproof sneakers, there's no way i'm going back to boots. they are a truly everyday sneaker that you can wear in any situation or weather condition with one less thing to worry about. and even better, they are also sustainably made with no animal byproducts, from a material called dymatex, which is a dual climate knit that keeps you cool in the summer and warm in the winter. vesti's keep you focused when your life depends on it, especially for the upcoming rainy season. fesies are my go-to shoes by my door. check them out in the link below, and use my code how to beat to get 25 off of your bessy shoes. thank you to vessi for sponsoring this video. now, if people's entire existences are being erased, then we might be dealing with the supernatural here. so we need to cover our bases and confirm that this isn't a prank and doesn't have a natural explanation. the first thing to do is to call the two arrays to students to see if they answer their phones. if they don't, then we need to contact the rest of the class and ask them all to check their yearbooks for any record of their existence. this is the quickest way to figure out if the punishment is real, because re-printing everyone's yearbook without those two students in them is way too elaborate to be a prank. and if their pictures are missing in everyone's copy, then it confirms that we have a perfectly logical reason to freak the out. now i find it strange that a ghost wants to watch students kiss and grope each other. and so far, the king has made orders that sound way too much like it was created by an immature and opportunistic student. so the most logical assumption we can make is that one of the kids in our class is a ghost in disguise. this is horrifying, but it might actually be a blessing, because ghosts have patterns of behavior that are easier to identify. ghosts tend to haunt the place of their death and stay the age that they died. so with this in mind, i would check the school records and local news archives if any students died on campus. ghosts don't typically change their names or appearances either. so if we find a picture of any student that may have made a tragic end here, we might be surprised to discover it's an identical match to someone in our class. the next thing i would do is check all these students home addresses to make sure that no one happens to be living in an abandoned or empty house. if we can figure out who the king is this way, then we might be able to figure out why the ghost wants us to play this game. if it's linked to their cause of death, they might have some unfinished business and be looking for revenge on someone else in the class. and following this lead is going to get us a lot closer to the answers than we were before the next day, the class discovers that not only are the two students missing, but their desks are completely gone as well. this girl on the right notices that even the phone number of her friend has been deleted. and everyone is terrified as they realize exactly what happens if they don't follow orders. their teacher enters the room, telling them all to sit down. and the girl the glasses asks about their missing classmates, but the woman insists there are no absent students. she doesn't notice that there are two empty spaces where desks should be. and the students can't believe what they're hearing. later that day, the friend of the girl who stayed home calls the girl's mother to reach her, but the mother claims she doesn't have a daughter. the friend can't understand why the adults have no memory of the missing students, but her classmate points out that any information about them no longer exists when they get erased, and only the students playing the death game know what is going on. the girl the boyfriend amisky here, realizes she'll be erased too if she doesn't have sex with a nerdy student. but her boyfriend gets angry. he threatens the kid not to touch his girlfriend. but if he wants her to survive, there's only one way to save her life. okay, it normally doesn't work when i tell someone that they need to sleep with me in order to save the world. but this is the one time it might actually be true. the nerdy student is actually between a rock and a hard place, because if he doesn't sleep with this girl, he'll be erased, but if he does, he'll be murdered by the boyfriend. if you ask me, i don't want to make anyone cheat on their partners, but i'm definitely putting my own survival over someone else's relationship here. i would tell the girl that i'm willing to do it if she is, and that we can make it as short as necessary just to fulfill the order. but there's also one more thing to consider here, because if the king is able to confirm that we obeyed that he would have to be there when it happens. that sounds to me like it would be a perfect trap descent, because we can count on the king to be watching somehow. if it were me, i would turn this into an anti-sex tape and fill the room full of cameras that are pointed away from all the action. if the king shows up to confirm that we followed orders, then we can catch him spine with video evidence of who it is. the boyfriend would still be rightfully angry, but we could point out that we used the opportunity to save everyone else's lives, including his, by catching the king. if it wasn't enough, i think it's only fair to offer him a clean punch to my face and let bygones be bygones. after school, the main character, chiami, is hanging out with her friend at nobu when he gets a notification on his phone and finds out that today's order has been carried out. that means their classmates got busy in order to survive, and the boyfriend is going to be absolutely furious. they start feeling bad for him, but that's when they receive another message. order number five says the boyfriend will now become the king of the game for one day, and everyone must obey whatever command he decides. the next day, the students are walking to school together when the nerdy kid calls them into a nearby alley. he's terrified that he's going to get beaten up. begging him to see if the boyfriend has cooled down. and they agreed to help. as they arrive, the boyfriend here slaps his cheating girlfriend in front of everyone. the other students defend the girl, saying she was just trying to save her own life. but he ignores them and commands his classmates to die on the spot. suddenly, the nerdy kid stumbles out of the alley and collapses to the ground. these adults check to see if he's okay, but their memories are suddenly erased, and they walk away. the kid no longer exists. and the rest of the class is notified that the king's orders have been carried out. the boy's desk vanishes right in front of their eyes, and no one can believe what just happened. chiami here is horrified as the class photo loses another student, and now three are dead, with 28 left to go. okay, i completely understand. and if the nerdy student slept with my girlfriend like this, i would want him dead too. but there's one problem. his status as king is only going to last long enough to make one single order, after which he won't be king any longer. so he needs to consider his options here before he wastes his power. now it's going to be hard for him to make a rational decision because he's overrun with anger and embarrassment. but there's actually a solution here that might save his life. since there were no terms that clarified when the game would end, it most likely means that there can only be one winner. so if he wanted to save vengeful as king, i would declare myself the winner and give the order to the entire class to die. it might sound cold-blooded, and that's because it is. but if there could only be one winner out of 31 students, we only have a 3 chance of surviving this death game. i want to live more than i want to keep my classmates and we can find a better girlfriend later. we don't know if this is possible, because there are no rules stated for what happens if you become king, but it's definitely worth a try. if there wasn't a way to win the game with a single order, the next best thing is to use your power to find the original king and kill him. i would do this by making an order for a single student to touch the original king. the player would then have to touch every student, and once the king was touched, we would get text messages saying that the objective was accomplished. once you've identified him, then we might be able to kill him and escape this death game once and for all. later that day, the class discusses if they should tell the police about what's happening, but this kid points out that their story is so unbelievable that nobody would help. they ask if this is the work of a ghost. but that's when the main character's friend, nobu stands up. he points out that the king is trying to get them to turn at each other, and that whatever the next command is, they should work together to survive. after class, the quiet girl approaches nobu and invites him to talk, revealing that she has a theory about the game. he joins her in the library, and she tells him that she thinks one of the students doesn't know that they are the king. as crazy as that sounds, she's very close to figuring out the truth. the next day, the class is ordered to hold a popularity contest between two students, one male candidate and one female candidate. they're all horrified that they have to choose which of their friends must die. but good guy nobu here has a solution. realizing that there's an even number of students left, he suggests that they vote for each candidate equally, so it will end in a tie. since it doesn't break the rules, the plan should work. all the students put their votes inside of this box and the results are counted. but when glasses girl reads out the last name, they're all shocked that one more person voted for the boy to live. that's when everyone's phones go off, telling them that they've chosen the girl to be erased from existence. okay, to me, this is the scariest order they've gone so far, because your fate is entirely in everyone else's hands, and you have to trust that people actually like you enough to keep you alive. now they had a foolproof way of helping both of these students survive, but instead, soon here knowingly voted to kill the other player. and that's really cold-blooded. but it also offers a great opportunity here. right now, it's impossible to get help because all evidence of these students are completely erased and nobody remembers who they are. but if we have some way to prove this is happening to us, then we might be able to solve this problem. since we know the female candidate is about to be erased, we need to use it to our advantage and record the event. i would try to video record her disappearing, but first make her interact with the environment. if she kicks over a chair, opens a window or picks something up to throw, and then gets erased, the video might look like it was all being done by a ghost because the loser of the vote will be erased from existence. this gives us proof to take disowned outside the game, and they might take our claim seriously enough to help us. now it's possible people might think it's just visual effects, and they won't be impressed. so we have to consider going one step further and get our hands dirty to survive. if the female candidate managed to kill a teacher before she gets erased, and we recorded the murder, they would have no way of explaining a video that shows a teacher being stabbed and killed by nobody. we can frame this ghost for a crime he didn't commit. and when people see the video in the teacher's dead body, they'll have no choice but to get the police involved and take her claim seriously. the loser of the vote here doesn't want to disappear and starts freaking out. trying to escape a punishment worse than death, she runs to the window and quits her life in order to quit the game. suddenly, everyone gets a message from the king, who has decided to punish another student in the dead girl's place. the new student is ordered to confess her sin. and this girl here reveals that she was a deciding vote in the popularity contest. ashamed, she runs out of the room, and the group receives another message. the king reveals that the girl didn't confess the right sin. it has just been erased. when they check outside, they realize that the female candidate who lost the vote has disappeared too. and that makes it 5 down with 26 students left. after school, the main character, chiami, meets up with the quiet girl in the library and finds out there have been other classes that have gone missing in the past. the girl shows her an old photo and points out a student that looks exactly like her close friend, nobu. she reveals that every time a class went missing, he was there. the girl can't believe it, because she's known him since they were kids. but the quiet girl here explains that the king can change people's memories and implant fake ones. okay, this girl's theory about the king is a serious problem, because if he can implant false memories, then nobody in the class can trust what's real. and that is a terrifying revelation. if we can rely on what we remember, then we need to bring other people into this game to help us figure out what's objectively true and what isn't. now if someone disappears, nobody outside of the game will remember them. but the one thing that doesn't seem to disappear are these text messages. this is the only remaining evidence that these missing students ever existed. and we can use this information against the king to escape the game. i would bring a teacher into the room to witness an order being fulfilled. because even if they don't realize students are disappearing, they can still read the messages. every time the king sends a new order. they will also notice that we all receive these messages at the same time from an anonymous source. now this might not be enough to convince a teacher, but there's a huge giveaway here, because each text associates the student's name with their attendance number. and when they disappear, their number disappears with them. eventually you'll have someone with a number like 31 and a class of five people. and the teacher won't be able to explain what there are significant gaps in the numbering of this class. it might be enough to convince the teacher that it's not just a mistake and to look for a way to find the king from outside the game and help us escape. we could check other classes in the school records to find any other gaps in the student numbers. we might even find a graduating class with only a single student. and will know that student was the winner of a previous kings game. we could then track them down and ask for advice on how they beat the game and what orders to expect in the next rounds, to make sure we're prepared to be the last survivor standing. the next day, the students prepare for the seventh order. they all must take turns dry one to three pens from the box, and the last person to take one will be erased. when this bully here approaches the box, he finds only three left, and realizes that depending on how many pens he takes one, of the next two students will die. deciding to give them a choice, he turns around to ask them what he should do. if he takes one pen, then nobu can take one, and this student will be erased. but if he takes two, then nobu will be erased instead. the main character, chiami here, tries to intervene, but the boy starts getting power hungry. he offers to let her choose who to save if she strips in front of everyone, the girl starts taking off her clothes, but nobu here stops her before it goes too far. the bully takes the pens inside the box, but when the other student approaches to take the last one, he finds it empty. suddenly, everyone receives a new message confirming that the bully here will be erased. he took the remaining pens and sacrificed himself, leaving the classroom behind. he becomes the sixth person to be erased, with 25 students remaining. okay, there are two loopholes that we can exploit here to make sure we beat this game. first of all, taking these pens one at a time in an orderly fashion was not a rule. the king gave them, but something the students did on their own. if i were one of the last two students to pick up a pen, all i would need to do is simply run up and grab two pens before the bully even gets a chance to decide how many he will take. this will make him the last player to pick up a pen, and he'll get erased. it's the perfect payback, because he spent all of his time making people beg for their lives, and that's not the kind of person that deserves to be remembered. now, there's also one more trick we can do here. this challenge is very similar to an ancient chinese game called nim or jinshitsu, where players had to select pebbles or matchsticks and not be left with the last one. it was so famous that it also inspired someone to turn it into one of the first computer games ever built, in 1940, called nematron. and almost nobody could beat it. a way that old chinese con artists have cheated this game is by sneaking in an extra piece without their opponents knowing, so they won't lose. since it was never stated whether or not pens could be put back into the box once they were removed, we could use the same tactics as the ancient con men by stealing a pen from someone who's already taken one, and when it's our turn, we slip it into the box as we take another out. this way, even if this guy takes three, there will be one left in the box, and it forces someone else to be last instead of us. after class, these two girls are waiting outside the school and tell their classmates that they have a clever plan to escape the game. the other students are interested, and nobody realizes that it's going to get them all erased. meanwhile, noble here is hanging out at chiami's house and asks her about these pictures hanging on the wall. she tells them that they're photos of her mom's hometown, but has no idea these are a major clue to the origins of this death game. suddenly, they're interrupted by a message revealing that 17 students have broken the rules, and as punishment, they'll be erased from existence. nobu calls his friend and finds out that their classmates have blocked the messages from the king's game. but that was against rule number one, which states that quitting the game at any time isn't allowed. chiami here checks the class photo and is horrified to see there's only eight players left standing. that's when they get their next order. the king commands that student number 16 must send a message to two people in her class reading die and they will be erased from existence. okay, this one stunt just wiped 17 people off the face of the earth. and that's horrifying, but it's also the best news we've gotten since this death game began. not only are there 17 less competitors, but we also have a gift wrap strategy here to eliminate as many students as we can without needing a single order to do it. if this many people can be tricked into breaking the rules, then i would exploit this by lying to the remaining students that someone in our classroom is the king, and we can figure out who that is if we go to the send messages of everyone's inboxes. this excuse gives them hope that we can finally end this game, and they'll be willing to hand over all their phones to figure out who the king is once and for all. then i would take their phones, along with their trust, and break them both from this point on, they won't be able to read the orders from the king, and after 24 hours, i'll be the only student that ever existed. it sounds cold-blooded, and that's because it is. but in a death game, i don't give a crap about good sportsmanship. i only care about surviving. these are not our friends anymore. they're our competitors. and if we don't start looking at the situation to win it all, then nobody will remember you existed. the next day, they arrive to class and find only eight desks left. and the students are horrified at how many classmates just disappeared in a single night. the teacher walks in and asks if there are any absent students. but that's when glasses girl here reaches her breaking point. she tells a teacher that all of her friends are being erased, and the woman tells chiami to take her to the nurse's office in the hallway. the girl insists she's feeling better and excuses herself to the bathroom. but letting her go was a huge mistake. she sits down in one of the stalls and decides she's going to quit the game the old-fashioned way. her friend walks in the check on her, but when she sees a pool of blood spill out from under the door, she realizes what's happened. that's now 24 students down and seven to go. the door swings open, showing that the girl has disappeared. and the king sends out a message telling everyone that nobu must now fulfill the girl's order in her place. he has to send a death message to three people instead of two. but they have 24 hours to come up with a plan to survive before they need to obey. okay, if i was nobuwaki, i would make them all offer me reasons not to choose their names. whoever offers me the most incentive not to kill them is exactly who i would kill. whoever is going to offer the most is willing to do anything and say anything to stay alive. and whoever decides to stand up to me is more interested in their principles and morals. now, if we've already started to suspect that there can only be one winner in the game, it all comes down to who you want to be your last competitors. if your last remaining competition is people who will do whatever it takes to survive, you're going to have a harder time winning, but people who are more interested in their principles are going to be more hesitant to do terrible things to save themselves. this game is all about obeying horrible orders, and we need people who have enough moral fiber to stay alive, because they will make for easier competition when the game escalates. in the last stages, after school for the students go to yonaki village. one of them found a strange newspaper clipping that mentioned an entire class had gone missing, and it's their only lead to find out what's going on. they arrive at the campus of an abandoned school, and nobu feels like he's seen this place before. but the boy doesn't realize that he's walking right into a trap. back in the nurse's office, the quiet girl tells chiami that the other students are at a deserted school in another town, and shows her an old newspaper clipping about students vanishing. this school is the oldest incident of a class going missing that they could find on record, which means it could be the origin of the king's game. but the quiet girl suspects the students went there believing that nobu is the king. at the abandoned school, their friend nobu is looking through a storage room and finds a strange letter about the king's game. he's so distracted reading it that he doesn't see his classmates sneak behind him, and he gets knocked unconscious. when he wakes up, nobu discovers he's been tied up by his classmates, and they show him an old photo that looks like him as proof. convinced that he's the king controlling the game, they tell him that if the players kill him, then they might be set free. feeling around for something to cut him loose, nobu here finds a pair of scissors and picks it up. when his phone suddenly starts to rain, his classmate takes it and ends the call, and no one will be coming to save him. okay, we don't have enough time to slice through these ropes before we're killed, and we're too far away for anyone to hear our cries for help. all we have to rely on is the photo they've just shown us. in their classmates beliefs that we're somehow immortal. they're dead set on killing us to end the game. but we can use their fear against them, i would lie to them and confess that i am the king. but this also means that i make the rules, and that there is a secret third rule that wasn't dimensioned. whoever discovers the king is excused from rules one and two, and they are free to quit the game without consequence. they might be skeptical, but i can point into the picture again as proof that i'm the king without a doubt. they don't know that this picture has been planted by the game to turn people against each other, so they will have to accept it as undeniable proof. once they're convinced, i would remind them that as the king, i control every aspect of the game, including the supernatural ability to erase people from existence. if they try to kill me, they'll get punished immediately. and that's not a risk they would be willing to take. now, if i were them, i would take this deal in a heartbeat and set him free. because if nobu is the king, then we want to accept the deal and quit the game. but if he isn't the king, then all they need to do is take away his phone so he can't send three death messages. the logical solution here is to release him because they're already convinced they've captured the king, then they might be stupid enough to accept the king's deal and declare they quit the game and get erased for breaking the rules. in the nurse's office, nobu's best friend here is trying to call him to find out if he's okay. but when the call is rejected, he knows his friend is in trouble. thinking quickly, he runs over to the computer, and the quiet girl gives him a clever idea. the classmates prepare to execute the student, but they're erased at the last moment. he cuts himself out of his restraints and checks his phone, discovering the king's orders have been fulfilled. his best friend here logged into nobu's email according to the quiet girl's suggestion, and they sent the death messages on his behalf to obey the command and save their friend's life. that's when he looks at the letter he found earlier and discovers it's the same photo that he saw in chiami's house. there's a connection between chiami and this death game, but he isn't sure what. suddenly, his phone rings, and it tells him that because the king's orders were carried down on his behalf. his friends will now be erased for breaking the rules. that makes 29 dead and two players left standing. later that night, nobu calls chiami and tells her to meet him at school. but the girl has no idea that he's going to try and kill her. she finds him sitting alone at his desk. and the kid has finally figured out the secret to this game. he shows you the picture he found and explains there was one survivor from the kings game at the abandoned school a long time ago, and that winner was chiami. she was supposed to become the king after winning the game, but refused, and was cursed to be stuck in this death game forever. and her memories are erased every time it happens. okay, this girl is the only surviving winner of this death game. it has been cursed to become ageless, which means that she will never die from the death games that she's forced to play. now there's one obvious thing she can do to avoid ever getting yourself into a death game in the first place, and that's to stop going to school. if she was born a long time ago, then her parents and relatives must be dead, and nobody is forcing this girl to do anything, so there's no reason to go. she can enjoy her life and use her immortality like it's a superpower, as long as we don't ever become a part of a large group for the king's game to activate. the only other problem here is that her memory is erased. but this can be fixed with a simple tattoo that says school's out forever. so even if she doesn't remember getting it, she should have every reason she needs to stay away for good. jimmy here runs out of the classroom and tries to escape her friend nobu, but he cuts her off, demanding to know the truth about her past. she pushes him to the floor and grabs his scissors, realizing that killing him is the only way out of here. nobu's family is sitting down for dinner, but they notice there's one extra plate, and nobu's existence has been erased from the family's memory forever. that's 30 down, and chiami is the winner. once again. going back to the now empty classroom, she receives a message that she's won the game and the curse will continue forever. but the girl has had enough approaching the window, she throws herself out, and the last desk is erased from existence. half a year later, a girl has transferred to a new school and introduces herself to her new classmates. that's the student next to her. turns around and it's chiami. the curse. has had through life with no memory of her old class, and she still hasn't passed the 10th grade. but what do you think? how would you beat king's game? let me know with a comment down below. thank you so much for watching. leave a like and subscribe. and check out the how to be playlist for more videos like this. until next time, have a damn good day. 