[Music], welcome to the breakdown. will we break down all the messed up [ __ ] today we are coming back to the weird film set of Takashi Miike. excuse me, to Kashi me K it's how it's pronounced, I believe. but this man directed a pretty weird film called visitor Q, or BJ doc Q. visitor Q is almost a climatic film about how a strange man this is an already strange family, helping them cope with their strangeness by letting them be open about it. the visitor almost seems Yakuza like in appearance. maybe I'm just the opposite of observator. but he stays with the family as they dwell into awkward weirdness. that reminds me, in a way, of the film dogtooth, which is also about a strange family. so this movie is easily a classic disturbing movie. you will always find on a list of most disturbed movies. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts off dirty. what a girl asking, how you ever done it with your dad? this girl is Mickey, who is being recorded by her father. it's a bit of conversation not worth mentioning between the two, but let's just say she is very hopeless. Mickey asked the father, Kiyoshi, if he wants to touch her. he's saying [ __ ], like this is wrong and all, but his hands is rolling. and he's crossing the line already. before they get too far, though, she gives him the going rate for her services, cuz her vajayjay got a barcode. her prices are about 450 for 6 to 74 that throat coat, and about 180 just to watch her play with herself, plus an extra 270 for a video. hey, yo, she get seduced by his own daughter. Amy, gotta pay for it too. I'm not gonna show nothing. but Kyoshi climaxes after like five seconds. he's a mini man, and I'm talking about no high school time traveler. y'all won't get that reference. but why here addresses. she keeps saying, early bird, first in line. what the hell you talking about, hard-headed ass girl. but turns out she's saying, you didn't last long. and now, for that, the price is over $900. now, his wallet dry as hell. before he leaves, though, he realizes that the camera was recording the whole time. nasty ass man. I guess he needed that footage for something else. leaving, as the girl calls him, speedy man, for coming so quick. the next question asks, have you ever been hit on the head? we see Kyoshi sitting at the train station for work, but a weird, cocky, horror looking ass man is right behind him. he looks at the father's big old peanut head and smashes a fatal rock on. turns out this man is visitor. cute. the next question is, how you ever hit your mom? we see the boy with some pretty bruised hand. oh, damn, my fault. this is a woman. this is the wife of Kyoshi, Hamm kyoko, spending her time building a jigsaw puzzle. but we see she's bruised from being beaten. then suddenly, the teenage son named Takuya comes downstairs, acting damn crazy. he bust in saying, it's the wrong coat brush. notice how I said they in a [ __ ] voice? cuz if you hit your mama, you little kitty, kitty [ __ ] ass boy. he starts whipping his mama for a damn toothbrush, throwing her out the damn Japanese sitting room. he then goes upstairs, putting up his note entry sign. he puts his weapons back up. but while he's chilling on the bed, he cowers in the corner, hearing some other teens outside. they shoot fireworks through his damn window on some [ __ ] [ __ ] where I'm from, people be dumping on your house with real bullets. anyway, Kyoko gets back up, while those bullies [ __ ] up her house. if that was my house, then I would have came out there with a 38. I'm just saying. Kyoko goes in her room and takes his shirt off, revealing all her wounds. she then sits down to get some good ol heroin in her system, enjoying bliss for only a few seconds due to being a regular user. while she's shooting up, Kyoshi is walking home. but do trip and relax. Kyoshi acting like he's walking down Baba's territory. he must be looking out for blue face. he's scared of getting dropped. it turns out he got a good reason to be worried though, cuz visitor cute knocks his ass out. what a rock. the crazy, funny thing is, now they cool visitor. Q literally East with Kyoshi like the old friends, even though he just gave homeboy a concussion. Kyoshi, along with Q, don't care at all that the mom got a runaway from her own son. it's also kind of funny how they just both eat normally, even though Kyoko is just screaming her lungs out in the background. after that weirdness, it's bedtime, and Kyoko goes to know Kyoshi undressed, but uses her Matt Murdock, devil of Hell's Kitchen level smelling to sense that her husband has been inside her daughter. well, really, I believe the whole time Kyoko want to have a little fun, but Kyoshi says, not today. so instead, she ain't got nothing to do but walk around the house, stopping to notice Q and his guest room chilling. maybe it's foreshadowing that they might woohoo later. Q later visits Takuya, bullying dude and asking whose room isn't downstairs. it's the sister's room. Mickey from the beginning, but looks like she apparently ran away regardless. would I be wrong to say Q was from Shinjuku or something like that? meanwhile, Kyoshi is sitting in his car looking at old footage of himself being harassed by some teenagers. as you can see here, they also violated him. down there. we see a some fascination with, I don't know, humiliation, I guess. the next morning, the visitor eats like song Goku, while Kyoko, pimp, walks around the house. Kyoshi later walks to work, but see something very peculiar. turns out, he sees and, of course, his son, being bullied by those lame-ass bullies. while dad enjoys seeing his son being bullied, a pimp named Kyoko gets ready for work. just for the slow one's out there. she's actually walking like that because she has a limp. next we see the father meet up with some co-worker of his. it seems like they work with footage or news networks, or something like that. I have no idea. but he wants to show off the footage of his son being bullied, but she leaves hearing about it. we then cut back to his wife, Kyoko, working as a prostitute, about to do some real freaky [ __ ] with this weirdo. just know he gives her 30000 yen to get whipped by ability after the job, she goes to the park to get another fix of heroin. after hitting that [ __ ] back home, she discovers her jigsaw puzzles all over the floor. she follows the crew trail into a room, and the trail stops. that a picture of her daughter in the room. visitor queue sits in there reading books, and [ __ ] he adds her awkward ask to sit down. if it wasn't obvious, cute, wants a piece of that ass, and she wanted her ass to be took because she just eases back. so it turns very explicit, but he milks her like a damn gold dedicated as actress, got real milk just shooting out her titties. it's basically a porn scene from the weird music. and all the morning from a very horny and excited Kyoko. but unknown to her, Takuya is watching from the other room, sing, milk fly everywhere. anyway, later, a dinner cue is always going ham, like a Saiga Jian or something. but we see also - cool. you mean mugging cube? turns out this big feast they eaten. it's like a thank-you for pleasuring me fees. but takuya's jealous ass throws a hot bowl at his mom. unnaturally, though, Kyoko comes back and throws his damn knife at her son. this like visitor cube gave her some confidence or something. meanwhile, those bullies light up the house again, but everybody ignores it. - Kuya system fear and Q and Kyoko normally, while Kyosho record saying [ __ ] like, this is my house. Wow. this is my wife. this is some random ass [ __ ]. what do you think of such wonderful bullying? damn, that hurt my head a little bit. anyway, the next day, the Sun really got tied up with it. the bullies are forcing him the [ __ ], and they even piss all over low dude. but turns out he is being watched by kiyoshi, his coworker and visitor. cute kill. she wants this footage to be put on air, but she just calls him pathetic and slap some when he gets grabby. in response, he runs up behind her, calling her the B word specifically. he's like, you're such a B word. and it's because I come early, isn't it? just so you know, he plans to rape her. q, arre courts but y'all know, I can't show too much. turns out, though, he accidentally kills the woman by choking her too hard. so he and Q dragged her body back home and put it into a greenhouse out back. the plan is to cut her up into tiny pieces. so Q goes into the house to ask for a trashcan, but instead finds Kyoko dressed in a trash bag. she's horny again, but basically cuts holes into the bags and Milt's herself. okay, enough of that. meanwhile, Kyoshi is getting ready to cut up the body, but it's getting hard in the progress. he gets so horny that he is about to get on some necrophiliac [ __ ] with the body. it's pretty gross, and would promptly have you to strike me, but let's just say that Kyoshi thought she was getting wet down there, even though she is a corpse. he reaches down it, but it's actually [ __ ] yeah. corpses void their bowels, don't they? you know where those corpses dude? they stiffened due to rigor mortis. her area down there gets stiff, trapping his penis inside. now, yeah, that is a nightmare. but it's not like he don't deserve it. to help him out, Kyoko puts him in a bathtub and pours vinegar all in it to get these loops. since the vinegar won't work, she injects him with heroin. not only is he crazy happy now, but his penis literally plops right out. if you haven't noticed, Kyoshi is happy. Kyoko is happy. a change from the gloomy versions of themselves from the beginning. this is all thanks to visitor cute. while we get ready to cut up that body, Takuya is outside getting bullied again. finally, wanting to do something without any worry, Kyoshi grab some tools and flying melee, kicks one bully and slicing into another one, slicing up and down his head. the third bully starts to run away, but momma right behind like, I'm catching me a body today too. and yeah, there goes the bullies. and the couple smile at each other, probably for the first time in their marriage. later, Hugh sees the son laying face down in an entire floor of titty milk. Takuya is basically saying that he is gonna start studying now, all thanks to you. wait, where'd you go? meanwhile, the parents happily clean up the woman's body. visitor queue has surely affected everybody, huh? well, not everybody. we then see the daughter, nici, basically looking for some horny men willing to pay. she randomly bumps into visitor cute, who left the house, asking if he won 6. she tells him the prices, and he smiles like, hell yeah, but hanging up his shoelace. it's a rock y'all know what Q likes to do, it rise, even if she don't. later me, he comes back home, all because of that head hit. she looks pretty bruised, but goes in her room, gets on the bed to look out the window, only to see her mom under a damn tarp. turns out she is nursing Kyoshi. this is just an invitation to come join in. but you know, you can't see no nipple, and that's enough. well, it was pretty interesting to finally see this movie, cuz it was always on her to-do list. weirdly, though, not a lot of people requested this movie, probably because they too busy requesting a Serbian film when ain't even old enough to watch the damn video. well, we got another important and famous Takashi Miike a movie we got to do called audition. but we still got to talk more about this movie. so let's talk about the mostest third moment and most enjoy a moment and that spooky stuff. so let's get right into it. the mostest third moment is, probably, realistically, the rape. I mean, it's a pretty weird film at all, but you can't just get away with sexual assault and not emotionally affect your viewers. the most enjoyment is probably when the parents killed the bullies, specifically when the mom killed her bullying. the film was pretty goofy at this point. so all of you guys enjoyed this video. I've been real busy with school and this channel, so y'all gotta understand, if I don't upload, it's not because I'm not trying to. I don't take breaks. here are the two other cool Takashi Miike films I also did, which are the famous Yakuza bloodbath, Ichi, the Killer in the eraser head, se got clues, a horror story. gozu. thanks for watching. spooky out 