ah, fantastic beasts. the crimes of Grindelwald explores a whole new corner of the Wizarding World, whisking us away to Paris in the year 1927. and if you want all the essential backgrounds, sure, you could go read every article on Pottermore, but that site said I was a Slytherin when I'm clearly a ravenclaw. so obviously they don't know everything. plus there are plenty of interesting connections to be found right in the original Harry Potter films. so why not join us for a very special, very albus dumbledore heavy edition of crannies at the opening of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, or the Philosopher's Stone, if you are British or pedantic. it's the year 1981, and Albus Dumbledore is serving as headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. we first see Dumbledore dropping off an orphaned infant named Harry Potter, fresh off an encounter with an evil wizard named Lord Voldemort. the encounter killed Harry's parents, left him with a wicked scar, and meant that Voldemort has now disappeared and is presumed dead. Harry must now live with his closest living relatives, the Dursleys, who are muggles or non magical folk. but Albus Dumbledore isn't just any Hogwarts headmaster. he's widely regarded as the greatest headmaster in Hogwarts history. he will be under the finest headmaster that Hogwarts has ever seen. Albus Dumbledore. see, Haggard regards him that way, and he's extremely wide the first movie takes place in 1991 and covers Harry's first year at Hogwarts. and yes, a lot of stuff happens in this movie that you either don't need to know or already know everything about. but here is a rough sketch Harry Potter hero, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, Harry's best friends, Draco Malfoy, bully, Professor Snape, sinister neville longbottom, super weird and awkward for now. and Quidditch confusing. but aside from all that, here are some big, significant things that we learn about Dumbledore. first off, he's terrible at applauding. could have been, in fairness, he does figure it out later. Gryffindor much better. but more importantly, Dumbledore starts the movie in possession of the famous sorcerers / Philosopher's Stone, which he's been keeping in a vault at the Goblin Bank Gringotts. he has Hagrid move into Hogwarts for safekeeping. the stone was created by an alchemist named Nicholas Flamel, an old friend of Dumbledore's, very old, currently in existence. belongs to mr. nicolas flamel, the noted alchemist who last year celebrated his 660 fifth birthday. Flamel has been using the stone to create the elixir of life, the potion that allowed him to live for so long. but someone else is after the stone, what's left of Lord Voldemort. and he uses a Hogwarts professor named Quirrell to almost get his hands on it and bring himself back from the dead. luckily, Harry defeat squirrel / Voldemort, and Dumbledore and Flamel reach an agreement to destroy the stone to keep it from falling into the wrong hands a friend Agusan - it was best. anyway, this is important because Nicolas Flamel is going to be a character in the new Fantastic beast movie. - Nicolas Flamel is a real historical figure that made it into the Harry Potter books. he was a French scholar and bookseller who lived in the 1300s. JK Rowling wrote him into the first Harry Potter book because she had a very vivid dream about him while she was working on it. my friend, but I was in his alchemist studio. so there you go. next time you have a realistic dream in which you made a famous medieval book store owner, write them into the why a novel you're working on. it's good luck. we also see a few other important magical artifacts for the first time. first, the cloak of invisibility, which Dumbledore presents to young Harry. it previously belonged to Harry's father, James. Harry doesn't realize it yet, but the cloak is one of the Deathly Hallows, a group of three magical tools that will become hugely important about six movies from now. also, Sorcerer's Stone gives us our first look at the mirror of Erised said, this mirror shows you that which you desire most in the world. and the crimes of Grindelwald, Dumbledore will see his old friend and now nemesis, Gellert, Grindelwald reflected back Adam, which itself reflects a romantic relationship between the two that JK Rowling revealed after the publication of the final Harry Potter book. how much of that will be reflected in the movie remains to be seen, but I'm super proud that we've explored so many usages of the word reflect our last Dumbledore tidbit from the first film, the guy is 100% willing to rig the annual house cup competition for his friends. I have a few last-minute points to award. it's kind of rubbing it in to wait until the actual announcement to make this switch, right? [Music], imagine if your school faculty plays favorites like this. oh, you thought you were student of the month psyche. turns out it's the person you hate the most at the school, who, by the way, broke way more rules than you ever did. anyway, can we get someone to tear down this kid's picture? well, he stood silently in front of his peers. the second Harry Potter film reveals that, not only is Professor Dumbledore okay with openly celebrating some students above others, he's really not a huge stickler for Campus Safety either. I strongly recommend caution several students during Harry Potter's second year at Hogwarts, are petrified and very nearly killed when someone opens the Chamber of Secrets, a super dangerous hidden room that contains a deadly basilisk. but though Dumbledore keeps threatening to close down the school, nothing actually ever happens. students are in great danger, so you should probably send them all home. all students will return to their house common rooms, basics o'clock every evening. No, all students will be escorted to each lesson by a teacher. okay, I mean, I guess it is a school and education is really, really important to them. Oh, exams have been canceled. okay, I give up. but beyond his lackadaisical attitude towards teaching children or keeping them alive, really, the second movie also gives us a sense for the extent of Dumbledore's magical powers and what fantastic beasts he likes to keep hanging around. Herry, on a whim, goes to stay with his pal, Ron Weasley's family, and Dumbledore somehow just knows where to forward his mail. oh, look, it's all hopeless, Lexus. oh, I've sent us Harry's as well. Dumbledore must know you're here, hurry. so he's just watching everyone all the time, like Santa, then how come so many kids are getting paralyzed? I guess he can only see important things like where to forward mail. but then check out this scene where Dumbledore can see Harry and Ron, even though they're under an extremely powerful invisibility cloak and are unnoticed by several other wizards. are we sure this guy's a wizard and not a god, that Dumbledore saw right through you? yeah, he can see through everything, that's what I'm saying. the Chamber of Secrets ends with Harry rescuing Ron's sister Jenny from the basilisk. it turns out she opened the chamber under the influence of a magical diary, which it turns out belonged to Tom Marvolo riddle, former Hogwarts student, future Voldemort and anagram enthusiast. Harry destroys the diary with a basilisk Fang, which isn't just the end of this story, but the beginning of something much bigger. more on that later. also worth noting, Harry and Ron meet up with a giant spider in the woods Aragog, and he drops this interesting tidbit. I came to Hagrid from a distant land. hmm. traveller distant land, carries around fantastic beasts on his person. could Aragog have come to America and into hagrid's possession through the hands of newt scamander? no, maybe. the third film in the series, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, introduces us to a brand new Dumbledore. Michael Gambon took over the role from the late great Richard Harris, who passed away after the second film. welcome to another year. he's got a new look, but it's the same old Dumbledore, cavalier about keeping his young charges safe, or even comfortable when they're injured. child's voice, whoever honest truth is meaning the prisoner of azkaban serves as a winding introduction to sirius black, a prisoner of azkaban who escapes and starts looking for harry. but he's not trying to kill Harry. he's trying to protect him. Sirius is Harry's Godfather, best friend to Harry's parents, and wrongfully accused of betraying them to Lord Voldemort. even though Sirius has remained in hiding, Harry now has the one thing, he's always wanted a real family member to look after him, because the Dursley suck. this is also the lone Potter film to be directed by Alfonso Quran, which is why it's filled with cool reverse zooms and impossible mirror shots. let's see, what else do we learn in this entry? nope, no, we covered that. oh, I know. in defence against the dark arts class, the kids learn how to face off against a boggart. focus the shapeshifters, they take the shape whatever particular path and face the most. in the crimes of Grindelwald, we see Professor Dumbledore back in his Jude Law days going over the same lesson with a young Newt Scamander. that's about it for this one. I mean, after all, it's not called Albus Dumbledore in the Prisoner of Azkaban. in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, we get some vital backstory about Dumbledore. I never liked these cartoons. okay, honestly, there's not a ton of stuff in this film that has a long-term significance to Newt Scamander story. it's mainly taken up with the Triwizard Tournament, the extraordinary dangerous competition that, of course, Dumbledore encourages his young charges to enter eternal glory. that is what awaits the student the wings of try it was a tournament. we do meet the French magical students at the beauxbatons academy. and since the next film is set in Paris, it'll likely feature a lot of beauxbatons grads. they also arrive at Hogwarts via flying carriage somewhat similar to the one that was used years before by Grindelwald. his is piloted by festivals rather than winged horses. more on them later. most of Goblet of fires about competitions and romance and Sons masquerading his teachers to get back at their fathers. you know, standard Harry Potter stuff. but the finale of the film marks the official return of Lord Voldemort, resurrected saans knows, to attempt world combination. yet again, we also meet Voldemort's pet snake, Nagini. the crimes of Grindelwald reveals that she was once a human known as a maledictis cursed to transform permanently into an animal. yeah, I mean, the candy seems great, but not so much the part where you can permanently turn into a snake and then get murdered by a teenager. I guess you take the good with the bad. director David Yates took over the franchise for good, apparently, with 2007's order of the Phoenix, a movie that opens with Harry being expelled from Hogwarts for using magic in front of his muggle cousin, Dudley. well, not exactly. Dumbledore does persuaded the minister to suspend, you an exposure, depending on format here or at all. charges. once we're back at Hogwarts, Harry encounters his first vest rules, they can only be seen by people who've seen dead. these are the strains, skeletal looking horses that, back in the 20s, carried around Grindelwald flying carriage. order of the Phoenix reveals that there is a secret Anti Voldemort society known as the order of the Phoenix man. these titles are on point. the members, including Sirius Black, Dumbledore and Ron's parents, pledged to protect Harry and defeat Voldemort at all costs. plus, Snape also gives Harry some a clemency lessons on the side to help him lock Voldemort out of his mind. used properly, the power of uh, clemency would help shield you from access or Gellert Grindelwald was also a master Aquaman's which helped to make him safe from powerful mind reader, a Kayla Jill amends. Queenie Goldstein, look out, Slenderman. oh, never mind. never mind. it's just Baltimore who lures Harry into a trap by exploiting his connection with him, which results in an epic battle between Voldemort's Death Eaters and the order of the Phoenix in the Ministry of Magic. one of the aforementioned Death Eaters is the vile Bellatrix Lestrange, it turns out. in addition to being a descendant of leaderless strange, leaderless change. I've heard of that family, she's also related to Harry's Godfather, Sirius Black. that doesn't stop her from taking him out at the end of the movie, though, r.i.p. SB, you were too pure for this world. in the end, Dumbledore defeats Voldemort in a wizard's duel, and the public begins to recognize that their worst nightmare has returned its back. let's see. I think that just about covers everything here. alright, of course, you should know that doors could be important later. you know, we're all the way to Harry Potter and the half-blood Prince, and I just realized that this is the first one of these videos we made where the title could be a line of dialogue from one of the movies. can't you just hear Draco Malfoy saying, cram it, Potter. but you loved that, didn't you? Potter, as half-blood Prince kicks off, Dumbledore is somehow even more convinced than usual that all of his students are going to die. dark forces attempt to penetrate this castles walls. in the end, the greatest weapon you we also get some vital Hermione backstory, dentists. this entry also introduces the concept of Horcruxes, a very powerful kind of magic that allows a witch or wizard to break off a piece of their soul and hide it in a person, creature or inanimate object. Tom Riddle's diary from the second movie was one of several Horcruxes containing bits of Voldemort's soul. Dumbledore brings Harry along on a dangerous trip to an isolated cave to retrieve and destroy another one of Baltimore's Horcruxes, Horcrux I orc orc enchanted objects. in order to get to the Horcrux, Dumbledore has to drink this horrible potion known throughout the wizarding world as Gatorade. no, no, no, it's just the drink of despair. the drink weakens the old wizard a bit, but not so much that he can't fill the entire cavern with fire. those monsters he's killing are Voldemort's evil army of the undead, known as in theory. rumor has it that Grindelwald once dreamed of raising his own army of inferi. back at Hogwarts, Draco confronts Dumbledore while Harry hides just below. it seems Draco has been assigned by Voldemort to take Dumbledore out for good. Oh some he starts well, knocking the elder one out of Dumbledore's hand, which, according to wand lore, makes the Elder Wand loyal to Draco, which will become very important later. but eventually the kid loses his nerve, you understand, to do this, and Professor Snape arrives at the Astronomy tower to finish the job. I knew that guy was up to no good. of other code over Wow. r.i.p Dumbledore. as if that weren't painful enough, Harry Hermione and Ron discovered that the Horcrux they found in the cave, was it even a real Horcrux? I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can. this one is such a bummer. I remember in this series, those all about exotic candy and making new animal friends. those were the days. Dumbledore may be gone, but the final two Potter films, Deathly Hallows, parts 1 &amp; 2, fill in a ton of backstory that will become essential to understanding some of these crimes of Grindelwald to come. but first, Nagini eats former Hogwarts teacher charity Burbage. dude. I guess we won't hold that against her. okay, on to Dumbledore. this reputable journalist Rita Skeeter, has written a tell-all about him that reveals some dark family secrets. the family moved there after his father killed those three muggles, many of them obtained from an old friend of the family. but Tilda Bagshot, my god boy. she told you the most celebrated magical historian of the last century Hermione and Harry, who, along with Ron have left Hogwarts to pursue Horcruxes full-time, head to Godric's hollow, the old hometown of the Dumbledore family. they think they're visiting with Matilda Bagshot, but it's actually a trap set by Voldemort, and Guinea is waiting for them. Oh, creepy. nonetheless, the trip isn't wasted. Harry finds a photo of none other than Gellert Grindelwald, you know the guy from those crimes Reda skeeters book has even more clues, as do some visions Harry has due to his strange connection with Voldemort. for example, he sees Grindelwald stealing an extremely powerful wand known as the Elder Wand, from a wand maker named Gregorovitch. the wand is one of three magical objects known as the Deathly Hallows. and the bearer of all three of them will become a master of death. now, the other two Hallows are Harry's invisibility cloak and the thing we've never seen before called the resurrection stone. what's with these extended universes in their obsession with stones? so, of course, Voldemort wants all the Deathly Hallows, because he hates dying. and in another vision, Harry sees the Dark Lord visiting an old Grindelwald in prison in search of the Elder Wand. Grindelwald tells him that the wand belonged to and was buried with Dumbledore, which is where Voldemort eventually finds it. and it's on to part two. so now, of all the board has the Elder Wand, but he's down to just a few Horcruxes, including the one that's hidden in his pet snake, Nagini. so he becomes pretty focused on personal security. I need to keep Harry in searching more of those Horcruxes. heads back to Hogwarts and meets up with Albus, long-lost brother. you have a source. it's here we finally learn about the key tragedy in Dumbledore's past, sort of. you really do have to look parts of it up online to get a true sense of everything. my brother sacrificed many things, mr. Bardo, on his journey to find power. they enjoy being vague, these Dumbledore's. oh, well, Dumbledore was always very private, even as a boy. here are the broad strokes. Albus Dumbledore and Grindelwald started out as good friends, and, according to JK Rowling, even more and for a time, exchanged letters where they discussed a possible magical takeover of the muggle world. the nerve. anyway, back in 1899, Aberforth and Grindelwald to a huge fight. Albus intervened, as did his sister Ariana, a powerful witch who did not have full control over her abilities. ariana was killed in the battle, but Dumbledore remained forever uncertain about who actually unleashed the curse that killed her. this caused the end of Dumbledore and Grindelwald relationship. they don't really spell any of this out in the movie, but you know, if you know how to read body language, you'll probably still want to look it up online. this is also where the two franchises begin to weave together. in Potter lore, Dumbledore gained control of the Elder Wand in the first place in a legendary duel with Grindelwald, which, well, probably happened in fantastic beasts 4 or 5. meanwhile, Voldemort and Nagini kill Snape, who, on his deathbed or death floor, really reveals that Harry will have to die in order from Voldemort to die a part of Voldemort lives inside an apparently, Dumbledore knew this the whole time. you've kept him alive so he can die. well, at least he's consistent. consistently not worried about dead students. the boy must die. also, Snape killed Dumbledore as part of a pre-arranged scheme to convince Voldemort to fully trust him. you must be the one to kill me. I knew he was up to good all along. as it turns out, in the process of destroying a separate Horcrux stored in an old ring owned by an ancestor of all des morts named Marvolo gaunt, Dumbledore became infected with a deadly curse. it was gonna kill him anyway, and Dumbledore knew the value of having Snape in close with the Dark Lord. Snape was good the whole time. he was just pretending to be bad in order to protect Harry, the son of the woman he loved, Lily Potter, a love doomed to be timeless, yet unrequited. and Snape dies a hero, fulfilling a promise he made to show his devotion to his one true love. always. is it dusty in here anyway, after death Dumbledore continues to be kind of questionable, honestly, would always be given at home, course. yeah, that's Dumbledore appearing to Harry in an afterlife vision, and yet still speaking in riddles. you're both literally dead, man. just come out with it. oh, and don't worry about the whole Harry being dead part. he wasn't really dead. it just killed the part of Voldemort that was inside of him. he came back back on planet Earth. Neville Longbottom would grow to be a real cutie pie. kills a Nagini the snake with the Sword of Gryffindor. can listen Hagen, then it's just him. and because she was the final remaining Horcrux, Voldemort is now mortal. Harry and Voldemort engage in one final duel, which should be no contest, because Voldemort has the super-powerful Elder Wand, right? well, remember back when Draco disarmed Dumbledore before Snape killed him. that made Draco the elder wands master, until Harry later disarmed Draco at an alpha manner, which made Harry the person that the elder Ahn respected. meaning Dumbledore's killing curse actually rebounds off Harry and ends the Dark Lord's reign once and for all. so I guess he's in the soulstone now or something with time travel. whatever, I'm sure captain marvel will explain it. moving on, Harry snaps the Elder Wand into and throws it off a bridge. and the series ends with a jump forward in time, where we learned that Harry's kid is named Albus Severus. oh, that's sweet, because they're both dead. which brings us to the most recent movie, but chronologically the earliest, because why set anything in present-day? it's awful fantastic beasts, and where to find them, whisks us back to New York City in the year 1926. mysterious magical attacks are happening all over the city. so this is taking place about 25 years after Grindelwald falling-out with Dumbledore. he's recently been involved in a string of attacks across Europe that had the entire magical world freaked out. the International Confederation is threatening to send a delegation. they think this is related to Grindelwald attacks in Europe. Grindelwald has become a radical advocate for the dissolution of the international agreement to keep magic a secret. this could mean exposure, it could mean more. he wants wizards and witches to reveal themselves to the world and take control of the muggles, or as they're called here in the States. no, Maja's because Americans are not super creative. so as all of this is taking place, Hogwarts grad and Majnu ologist Newt Scamander arrives in New York with a suitcase full of the fantastic beasts that the title mentioned. welcome to New York. thank you. having them is banned in America, but he brought them anyway, because he's not great with authority. I've just completed here in the fields. I'm writing a book about magical pages. but almost as soon as he arrives in town, newts, creatures begin to escape. and he accidentally switches briefcases with a regular Nomad Schmo named Jacob Kowalski. they're apprehended by Amakusa agent named Tina goldstein. that's the magical Congress of the United States of America, Mikasa. while JK Rowling thinks were really bad at condensing for complicated reasons, rather than arresting them, Tina takes them home to meet her sister queenie. queenie is a powerful legitimates who can't help but read everyone's mind all the time. they mutually agree to find it cute instead of extremely unnerving. he didn't get the money he wanted. first bakery. you baked, honey. so newt shows jacob around his enchanted briefcase menagerie of wonder best connection and protecting. and they start the process of recapturing all those fantastic beasts that got free. meanwhile, Makua chief Percival graves is investigating the source of the destructive attacks. Graves blames the attacks on newts escaped creatures and has him arrested along with Tina and Jacob. impound that case, grace and hey, check this out. during newts interrogation, one of your teachers argued strongly against your expulsion. now, what makes Albus Dumbledore so fond of you? newts close relationship with Dumbledore, who at this point is Hogwarts Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, will become crucial, in part to newts older brother also gets a shout-out. yes, commander, the war hero, this is his little brother. yeah, he's showing up in the next movie as well. eventually everyone agrees that the attack on a u.s. senator Shaw and the other explosions around New York are the work of a powerful magical force called an obscure estate, uncontrollable dark force to bust out in attacks and then vanishes. these are created when young witches or wizards are forced to repress, rather than control their magical powers. graves finds an obscure sand Newt suitcase, but Newt insists that it's harmless and was removed from a young girl in Africa who later died. he brought this obscure sin to the city of New York in the hope of causing mass disruption, breaking the statute of secrecy and revealing the magical world. Newt and Tina are sentenced to death for hiding the obscurus, but they managed to escape with help from Queenie Jacob and a creature known as swooping evil. Newt and his new friends continue rounding up fantastic beasts, while graves zeros in his obscure a search to the residence of an anti magic cult slash orphanage called the second Salem errs. graves befriends one of the orphans named credence trying to get more information. hey, you're into the deathly hallows, man. I know the deathly hallows. it turns out Creedence himself is the obscure Yeol. he destroys the orphanage and a pretty decent chunk of Manhattan. while Newt and Tina try to calm creedence down and reason with them, I'm here to help you, protect you, graves and his Makua agents go on the attack. it appears that Creedence is destroyed, but a little piece of his obscurus escapes the subway and floats away. graves, it turns out, had purposely unleashed the full force of the Obscura's destructive power in order to reveal the existence of magic to the world. he has broken one of our most sacred law that has us scuttling like rats in the gutter a lot, the demands that we conceal their true nature. because he's actually, wait for it, Gellert Grindelwald. using a powerful transfiguration charm, he decided to hide out incognito by becoming Colin Farrell. you know, a character actor are probably blend in way better. was magical? ray winstone, not available. as he's being taken away, Grindelwald whispers this to Newt, but we died just now. whatever you say, it seems like Grindelwald is one. but newt unleashes a creature called a Thunderbird carrying a vial of venom, taking from that swooping evil creature to create some amnesia. Rainn see, it wasn't really evil after all. everything gets fixed, and Jacob agrees to step out into hurricane brainwipe and forget about his new friends, even Queenie, who is clearly his soul mate. Newton Tina have also hit it off, despite some initial awkwardness about newts form a relationship with Leto Lestrange. they have a tough time saying goodbye when he heads back to England to continue his studies. and the last scene, Queenie goes to visit Jacob at his new bakery. and it seems like he might kind of remember, because love is stronger than magic. I think that sounds right. and that brings us up to date, except for all the stuff that JK Rowling tweets, or stuff that's just in the books or on the website, or debuting exclusively on Facebook live, or fanfic. that one a contest is now canon. or really anything that's been happening in the background. I was trying to figure out who does the voice of the gangster Goblin. good look back alive. it's ron perlman. thanks for watching. [Music]. 