surprise. [ __ ]. I bet you thought you'd seen the last of me. everyone's favorite foul-mouthed witch is back in American Horror Story apocalypse. so let's spend the next few minutes recapping everything we know about Madison Montgomery. GameSpot universes, one true supreme. you can't disqualify me. either i'm supreme or i'm not, and obviously i am. before we get started, make sure you subscribe to the channel so you don't miss any of our American Horror Story coverage, including our weekly breakdowns. also, let us know which other characters you'd like to see us explore. Madison Montgomery is played by the talented Emma Roberts, and she's one of the young witches we met when we were first introduced to the coven in season 3. now, Madison's childhood was extremely difficult. she grew up in a small, poor family, and her parents struggled to keep steady jobs. this led Madison's mom to kind of force her into beauty and talent pageants in hopes of grooming a child star. and that's exactly what happened as Madison's career became the family's lifeline. as the years passed, the budding starlets a party girl within Hollywood circles and was often the target of the paparazzi. but her career in front of the camera came to an end as her special talents emerged. during an argument with her director, Madison used telekinesis to drop a spotlight and kill the poor guy. the light hit him just fine. all he said was, hit your mark. that's right, she murdered an innocent man because she couldn't take any criticism. never mind, Madison kind of sucks. the first time we meet Madison is when Zoe arrives at miss robichaux's Academy for exceptional young ladies. what better way to introduce yourself to the new kid than scare the living [ __ ] out of her? [Applause]. Jesus sobrino, relax. we're just messing with you. but it's not all Madison's fault though, as nan and Queenie joined her on the prank. let's be honest, though, Madison isn't really friends with anyone. sure, she's beautiful and charismatic, but she's extremely self-centered and egotistical. after yet another fight at dinner with the girls. she's almost forced to invite Zoe to a frat party taking place nearby. within the first few minutes of the party, no surprise here, Madison catches the attention of one frat boy in particular. she commands him to get her a drink, and he does, but he also spikes her drink with roofies. in one of the most horrific scenes from the series, a half-conscious Madison is gang-raped by a group of frat boys. they quickly flee the scene, and as they drive away, Madison uses her powers to flip the party bus upside down. [Applause]. [Music]. only two of the frat boys survived the crash, including the main rapist. Zoey decides to get revenge for Madison by using her gift while he recovers in the hospital room. yes, it's one of the craziest scenes ever in the show. to repay her, Madison help Zoey bring her crush, Kyle, back from the dead. he was the only redeemable one of the bunch. the resurrection, though, doesn't go so smoothly. they collect a whole bunch of different body parts, and they do their best to make it work. we take the best boy parts, we attach them to Kyle's head, and we build perfect I'm not so sure he ends up being the perfect boyfriend, but say hello to zombie Kyle. fast forward and let's discuss what led up to Madison's first death. that's right, she dies twice. in coven. some new neighbors moved in next door, Joan Ramsey and her son, Luke. Madison makes it no secret that she likes Luke, but his mom doesn't approve. so Madison flips out and lights the Ramseys curtains on fire, which catches the attention of Fiona, the reigning supreme, takes Madison under her wing, or more likely, felt threatened by Madison's expanding powers. Fiona eventually reveals that she's dying of cancer and that Madison must be the ascending supreme that's draining her life force. one late night at the school, Fiona pleads with Madison to kill her using the same exact knife that Fiona used to murder the previous supreme. unsurprisingly, Fiona then slashes Madison's throat. no way in hell was this an accident. again, Fiona had Spaulding cover up a murder for her. he ends up adding Madison's corpse to his doll collection. creepy dude. but being the good friend that she is, Zoe seeks to bring Madison back from the dead. she tracks down the body, and after interrogating the tongueless Spaulding, she seeks out misty day to help resurrect Madison. it actually works. Madison is no longer the same person that she was before them. she finds comfort in her fellow resurrected soul, Kyle, and the two sleep together. Zoe finds out about this and isn't all that happy. but then Madison proposes they have a threesome. [Music]. apparently Zoey's powers won't kill someone who's already dead. the coven soon finds out that Fiona had murdered Madison. in one of the best moments from season 3, Madison finally reveals to Fiona that she's back from the dead and aiming to become the next supreme surprise. [ __ ]. I bet you thought you'd seen the last of me. it turns out that threesomes are messy, even for witches and dead people. Madison eventually gets jealous when it's clear Kyle and Zoe are falling in love. she takes her anger out on just about everyone, fighting with Zoe, Kyle and Mistie, stupid. [ __ ]. now Madison might believe that she's the ascending supreme, but the witches need to prove themselves by passing the seven wonders. the test takes the lives of both misty and Zoe, leaving Queenie and Madison as the two remaining challengers. Queenie fails to bring Zoe back to life during the test of the Talon Vitalis, while Madison refuses to make any attempt. instead, she kills a fly and brings it back to life. nice try, Madison. [Music], she lost fair and square. it's not my fault. if you refuse this, you don't deserve to be supreme. she then attempts to pass divination to find an item belonging to the former supreme, but she fails to do so. unsurprisingly, Madison throws a tantrum and storms off. zombie Kyle eventually tracks her down and demands she pay for refusing to bring Zoe back to life. he then strangles Madison to death, as we watched Cordelia successfully bring Zoe back to life, thus becoming the new supreme. luckily, this isn't the last we see of Madison. once again, she's brought back to life for apocalypse. a few years before, the bombs wiped out civilization, and we found out that Madison's death had transported her to her own personal hell, literally working in retail. but soon enough, Michael Langdon appeared, worked some of his dark magic and successfully brought her back to life. with Madison and Queenie in tow, a shocked Cordelia collapses at the sight of Michael's immense powers and her fellow witches that she was unable to save. in the present day of Halloween and 2021, Cordelia, myrtle and Madison returned to the Hawthorn school, now outpost three, to revive their fallen sisters. together, it seems that these coven witches are the only ones able to stop Michael Langdon from reaching his goal of the apocalypse. when I'm done, you'll all wish you were still dead. I always thought the world would end with fire and ice, not which is in warlocks. despite having GameSpot universes title as the true Supreme, Madison is not officially a supreme, sure she's strong, but she's not even close to Cordelia's Lovell. Madison has, however, mastered six of the seven wonders. obviously, her go-to move is telekinesis, like when she killed her director and flipped that party bus over later on in the season. and we see that she's mastered pyrokinesis. even Madison herself was surprised when she set the curtains on fire over at the neighbor's house. she's also mastered Concilium batalla, metallus, transmutation and ascension, as we saw during the test of the seven wonders. and if you ask her, she might tell you that she's also a master at seduction. I'll leave you with some fun facts about Madison. there's a chance that Madison is related to some other characters we've met before in American Horror Story, specifically, back in season one, Murder House, Nora and Charles Montgomery, they will write articles above man one day in the Boston Medical Journal, break everything. now we don't know 100% if they are related, but knowing Ryan Murphy's affection for connecting these stories in this universe, there's a pretty good chance we'll find out we know the murder House crossover is coming later the season, and our fingers are crossed we'll get to see the Montgomerys again. that's it for this deep dive on Madison Montgomery, but hit me up in the comments or on Twitter at Ryan Eric P let me know your favorite Madison Montgomery moments and how you think she'll play into the rest of the season. also, do you think she'll die again? I sure hope not. the choice is yours. 