Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to recap a 2020 Korean Thriller movie, called Search Out. This movie tells the story about a Hacker who tracks a serial killer that kills using social media. So, what are the methods? What is the motive behind the killings? Let\xe2\x80\x99s find it out. The movie starts with a Sociopath who receives and complies with strange missions from Instagram. The missions involve watching a mysterious video overnight, isolating himself for 24 hours, hurting himself, and a last mission which is yet to be revealed. Enough with the mystery, we are introduced to our main protagonists. A kind young man named Joon who wants to be an office worker. But in real life, he works as a cashier. He also has a religious friend, Sung. Who wants to be a police officer, but works as a courier. They live in the same building together. In Instagram, Joon is actually an influencer with 12,000 followers who loves to help people promote their business. This is how Joon meets a woman to help grow her Psychology Consulting business. Her name is Won. She gives free career counsel for low-income people, for the good cause. One day, Joon and Sung\xe2\x80\x99s Neighbour receives an odd message with a black and white whale photo from Instagram account, ereshkigal. She is asked about the meaning of her life and gets more depressing replies upon messaging. Neighbour is also among the Joon\xe2\x80\x99s 12,000 Followers. She wants to meet Joon to talk about her depression of becoming an idol star in Seoul, but Joon rejects her because he is afraid of Neighbour knowing that he is a loser in real life. A mysterious person stalks the housing and takes photos of Neighbour. On Sung\xe2\x80\x99s way home, he almost crashes into Stalker, but Stalker doesn\xe2\x80\x99t say a word and leaves. The next day, a Detective came into their building and inform that their Neighbour has committed suicide. He also questions Joon and Sung about it. Due to his guilt of rejecting his Neighbour, Joon determines to investigate it further. One day, Joon is also messaged by ereshkigal, and asked about the meaning of life. Seeing the strange message, Joon deletes it. Suddenly, Neighbour\xe2\x80\x99s Instagram account messages Joon and ask to answer the question. Surprised by the incident, Sung accompanies Joon to investigate the motive. They came to ereshkigal\xe2\x80\x99s Instagram page that is full of dark and depressing contents, with the black and white whale photo among them. They confront and accuse ereshkigal of killing Neighbour in Instagram. In another place, a Sociopath is seen looking at the whale photo that usually appears in the odd messages. Due to the oddity, Joon and Sung report it to Detective who handles Neighbour\xe2\x80\x99s case, but Detective refuses to investigate deeper. Detective states that the investigation is closed since the motives are already clear. They desperately ask a Gangster Boss to help them investigate. A gangster member named Noo-Ri. Decided to join the team as a Hacker. She found out that ereshkigal is actually an alias for a Summerian underworld Goddess. Noo-Ri tracked ereshkigal\xe2\x80\x99s IP but she failed. So, she decided to retrace those who have visited the account. To their surprise, a lot of people who have visited the ereshkigal Instagram account are dead. Joon and Sung visit the victim\xe2\x80\x99s families but are rejected due to their trauma. While visiting the families, a Stalker stalks them. Upon realizing this, Joon and Sung chases Stalker but he can get away. After the chase, Joon and Sung receive unsettling news. ereshkigal comments on Noo-Ri\xe2\x80\x99s post with the same question. what is the meaning of life? Upon realizing that she is being watched by Stalker, she lures and captures him with a taser. Stalker reveals that he knew ereshkigal from Social Media. They became friends and kept in touch. However one day, ereshkigal threatened to reveal Stalker\xe2\x80\x99s secrets if he didn't do his bidding. So, he is sent by ereshkigal to get information about the victims. Although Stalker was threatened at first, he became addicted to looking into people\xe2\x80\x99s private lives and continues to help ereshkigal. With the information from Stalker, ereshkigal will get into the victims\xe2\x80\x99 consciousness through Social Media and provoke stress to the point the victims kill themselves. The next day, the detective accuses Sociopath of being ereshkigal and raided his place. However, Sociopath has shot himself and died, as his last mission from ereshkigal. Detective informs Joon that ereshkigal is dead, and he can rest assured. However, Noo-Ri is still curious and investigates further. After that, ereshkigal messages Noo-Ri and provokes her stress. Due to her personal depression, Noo-Ri finally gets into the trap and wants to commit suicide. But, she is saved by Joon and Sung. Seeing that ereshkigal has gotten to Noo-Ri, Sung enrages and provokes ereshkigal through his Live-Streamer-friend\xe2\x80\x99s streaming. Then, Sung is contacted by ereshkigal. But it turns out that he falls into his trap. Sung is given missions similar to what ereshkigal gave Sociopath. Luckily, Joon suddenly breaks into the room and saves Sung. In the hospital, Noo-Ri talked to Joon about the reason behind her attempt. She also provides information on ereshkigal to Joon in order to help him capture the culprit. In addition, Joon also asks his Live Streamer friend for help. During the action, Joon is followed and confronted by many ereshkigal followers. Sung comes to Joon\xe2\x80\x99s rescue and saves him. However, the Detective is there and aims a gun at Joon\xe2\x80\x99s head. Joon is kidnapped to ereshkigal headquarters. After kidnapping Joon, Detective demands ereshkigal to fulfill the promise of letting his secrets go. It turns out that ereshkigal is actually Won, the woman who contacted Joon previously. And Sociopath was only one of her pawns. Won asked Sociopath to commit suicide and Detective to raid the place, to cover her identity. Won explains that she wants to take her revenge on Joon. Three years ago, Joon complained about a mouldy fried chicken using his social media. The post went viral and the restaurant was boycotted. The parent of the company was also investigated by authorities and went bankrupt. The owner of the company is actually Won\xe2\x80\x99s father who died after the incident. Won tried to kill Joon using psychological trauma, induced by her messages on ereshkigal. But, things got out of hand and she hurt many people, especially those around Joon. In the headquarters, Won commands the Detective to kill Joon. Meanwhile,Won's followers try to kill Sung in a parking lot. However, Noo-Ri and the gang members come and rescue them. Joon chases Won to the rooftop to confront her once more. Won is composed because she knows that Joon doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have enough evidence to incriminate her. However, Joon actually recorded Won\xe2\x80\x99s confession in the headquarters, on a hidden camera provided by Live Streamer. Won desperately jumped from the building to kill herself. Fortunately, the police are there and prevents her from suicide. Won is incriminated for the killings then. At the end of the movie, Joon reworks his approach in Social Media. He posts the whole story of the mouldy fried chicken and Won\xe2\x80\x99s confession, saying that he will accept any encouragement or criticism. In addition, he also confesses his profession as a part-time cashier without hiding it. Subscribe to watch more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like and comment to help the channel out. Thank you for watching, and see you, next time. 