american psycho is a psychological horror movie. its enigmatic reality is exposed before us at the end. it is the time of 1998. the main character of the movie, named patrick, comes on the scene. he is an investment banker of new york city. his life is fabricated to a large extent, which he pretends while wearing the expensive clothes and visiting the expensive restaurant. he does so in order to inspire his aristocratic companions and his fiancee. even patrick has no affections for many of them. patrick is telling them about his life as which things does he use as the designers dresses, expensive furniture, special music collection and many more. his companions and his surroundings are also like him. one of the companions shows his visiting card for ostentation, while comparing him with patrick. this visiting card is better and more expensive than patrick. all like it. patrick has got furious, thinking how his companion, paul's visiting card seemed better than mine. in this aggression and senseless state, patrick kills a homeless person with his pet dog, violently. after a time, patrick plans to have dinner with his friend paul on the occasion of christmas. the friend whose visiting card was better than patrick's card. now they reach home after dinner. a reputed background song is being played on the music player. patrick is telling his friend the artistic characteristics of this song. suddenly, he attacks paul with acts. it means he murders him using an axe. after that, he throws his dead body so that no one may find it. going to his house, he brings some changes as he keeps the photocopy of london air tickets, so that it is thought during the investigation that paul is not here. rather, he had gone to london. than a private detective is shown, who has been investigating from patrick about the his lost friend. anyhow, the story moves on. now, patrick brings two prostitutes in his house. the background music is still played as usual. he praises the singer of that musical band. they all three spend some time with one another. afterward, picking up a tool, patrick hurts both prostitutes with it. consequently, those girls wounds bleed much. then it is shown that those girls leave his house after a while, who are wounded badly. they have been mistreated by patrick. the next day, patrick invites his secretary for dinner. she says, i will come for a drink, not for dinner. when his secretary comes to his house, she is talking in her tune, sitting at a place, coming at her backside. patrick is wanting to kill her with a nail gun. all of a sudden, he receives a message from his fiancee on the phone answering machine, then i am coming. after some time hearing it, he hides the nail gun. he says to his secretary, you may go now. the next day, the private detective meets patrick at lunchtime. patrick, he tells him, you are not a possible suspect of paul's vanishing, on my part. but the question is, why did he leave his house suddenly? patrick was listening to him silently that now paul's house is vacant. patrick welcomes two prostitutes to his residence, and he murders one of them here. another girl runs to escape her life. that running girl encounters more dead bodies while searching the exit. undressed. patrick chases her. at last he throws a chainsaw on that girl. actually, the chainsaw is a hacksaw for the cutting of woods. that running girl is also dyed because of the fallen chainsaw on her after a time, patrick is going to use his atm at night. there he notices a cat. while using atm machine, a written statement is displayed on a screen as, feed me a stray cat. it means, feeds me a stray cat. this message is displayed by an atm machine. patrick is about to kill that cat, a lady forbids him, after coming, what are you doing with this innocent cat? but patrick shoots that lady. as a result, police pursue patrick, and patrick also kills his chaser, four police officers. patrick is regretful of his doing till now, so he calls his lawyer and confesses his all committed murders. it means he was wanting to be arrested. he confesses that he himself had murdered all all conversations are being recorded in the phone recording machine of the lawyer, because the lawyer is not there to attend the call. there is again a meeting between patrick and the private detective who is investigating the lost paul. he tells his source has seen paul in london a while ago. it means he has not been murdered, but alive. he has gone to london without telling anything to anyone hearing it, patrick has gone upset and worried. how did it happen? i myself murdered him? next day, patrick visits paul's house, thinking, if there are the proofs of his sin, he may remove it. but that house is vacant and for sale by someone. property states dealer reveals that paul is not the owner of this house. we notice the worry on patrick's face once more. on the other side, patrick's secretary checks in the office that patrick has drawn the different drawings of murders in the official documents. these drawings are brutal and heart stirring. now dawn breaks out, and patrick meets his lawyer in the restaurant. he reminds him about the recorded call. he again confesses that i have murdered many people in the last few days. his lawyer laughs at him and says, either you are just kidding with me or trying to before me. it is impossible, because last day he had dined with paul in london. patrick is confused and tired. after knowing and hearing it. at first the private detective told about his being alive, and now his lawyer also told the same. patrick is unable to understand anything and he returns to his house. basically, patrick is just hallucinating. all committed murders. it means to consider things true that do not exist anymore. this was all a result of his creativity, because he resented all killers and meant to intimidate them in his mind. he formed an imaginary world in which he killed everybody. actually, it was a mental disorder of patrick. 