Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an Irish and German, Dark Fantasy, Horror film called Gretel &amp; Hansel, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. Once upon a time when there is an enchantress in a small town, she is casted out by the villagers, one day 2 children are abducted by that enchantress, sooner strange and disturbing secrets are revealed. Movie starts with a woman narrating a story. In a time of great suffering &amp; Famine, a girl is born to a poor couple, they considered her the most beautiful, but she falls ill, and she is not expected to survive. The father takes the child to see an enchantress, who removes the illness but leaves power within the girl. As she grows up, she kills people with her powers, she even makes her father kill himself, so they take her to woods and abandon her. To make friends she lured children in woods and then killed them. Few years later, a girl called Gretel and her younger brother Hansel, they are seen walking to meet a man about a housekeeping job. Upon Arrival, he asks her if she can read, she says yes, after talking a bit he asks her if she is still a virgin. Upon hearing that, she leaves in rain without job. Later, her mother asks them to provide for them, Gretel says she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want to work with bad people, then her mother threatens to kill them. They leave the house, Hansel unknown to the truth, he accuses her of not working with that man. The siblings find a hut to stay for the night, upon arrival. Since they are tired, they try to sleep, a man appears in the room and attacks them, Gretel gives him a Batman Slap, and the man is taken down by a Hunter, he takes them to his home and advise them to go to forest and meet good people there, they\xe2\x80\x99ll also train the kids to survive. Gretel asks him, what does he want in return for the food he offered? he says they have nothing they can give to him but Kindness which is a reward for him. And asks them to never turn evil and live with kindness. The next morning, he gives them a map and the siblings go out in woods, Hansel tells his sister that he is hungry and wants to hear fairy-tale, she denies it tells him to be alert in the woods. Later that night, they see a lady standing in the dark. The next morning, Gretel talks to herself that she always told her mother she could see things other cannot, but her mother told her to keep it to themselves. She goes in the woods and finds Hansel alone; she breaks down and he says he is hungry. Sooner, they walk in woods, without eating for a day, and they see some mushrooms, Gretel tells Hansel that she could listen the voice of mushroom and it\xe2\x80\x99s asking them to eat it. After they eat it, they are seen laughing in middle of woods, Gretel gets a vision of a young girl asking her to follow her. Later, they come across a gate, Hansel smells a strong scent of cake coming out from a house. She stops him, sensing something is wrong, but soon they go there, he asks her to look, she looks through the window and sees table full of food, Hansel goes inside from the open door and steals some food, and a shadow appears, Gretel goes and grabs a stone and throws the stone to door, but it does nothing. Later A lady called Holda, comes out and invites her in the house. Hansel enjoys the meal, she takes a hair of Hansel and sniffs it, and tells them their bed is ready, Gretel says they should be going but they end up taking some rest. While sleeping, Gretel sees a lady with long nails and hears a scream, she soon sees spirits of many children telling her how their family abandoned them. She wakes up, and the lady offers them breakfast, Hansel says he likes meat, but their family couldn\xe2\x80\x99t afford it, which Holda replies, you can have all the meat in the world here. Gretel offers her that they can work for her in exchange of abed and food, Holda teaches Hansel how to use an axe, and sniffs him. Gretel is in the house and Holda shows her a book with some plants and craft, and offers a drink, she denied but Holda insists. Later after Hansel finishes practice, they play chess, Holda tells them there is a storm coming, he asks her how she knows that, she replies, women often know things they\xe2\x80\x99re not supposed to. It rains that night, in bed Gretel sees a girl, she follows her, and she comes across a room, she sees some bodies, they start to bleed, and she wakes up. She washes clothes and sees a doll in the rocks, then she comes across a surface that looks hollow from inside, she goes to Hansel and advice to leave the house saying something is wrong here, saying there are no animals to get meat neither any Cattle to draw milk. Hansel is happy saying they\xe2\x80\x99re safe here. Hansel practices with axe in woods and soon he hears a scream and comes across an inverted pentagram carved into the tree he then sees a woman. Gretel touches a cloth, and it bleeds, she goes in the storage to get another one, and comes across a hidden entrance. Later, Gretel notices Holda has darker spots on her hands, she then shows Gretel how to use Witch powers to provide for their needs, and asks her to practice it, after few efforts she moves a stick in the air. Holda tells her to awaken the powers inside her. Hansel hears a voice and falls asleep. Gretel goes to woods and tries to learn more about her powers that she has discovered, she uses her power to control a tree. Later, Hansel asks her what she did whole day, and Gretel now says that Holda taught her things that can help them to survive. Hansel recalls how Gretel used to say there always a price for something, so what is the price for this gift? Hansel wants to leave Gretel tells him to be quite and aggressively throws him outside the house, he then sees a young girl. Gretel wakes up, saying it was a nightmare but desire to get rid of her brother seemed real, but she can never abandon him alone in a night. Gretel then looks through the window and sees a girl walking. Gretel talks to Holda, and Holda says that Gretel is not her mother and should not worry. Gretel is still concerned and Holda gives her a drink. She then goes to her room and throws up, pretending that she drank it earlier. She then goes to that hidden door and decides to open it. She enters the cellar, and surprisingly finds her brother in there, he seems strange. The room fills with blood and sooner a beautiful girl emerges from it, the girl empties the buckets of human remains on the table, and with her magic she turns it into food, the food that they\xe2\x80\x99ve been eating the whole time throughout their stay. Gretel wakes up, and tells herself to play dumb, untl she can outsmart Holda, Gretel then sees Holda getting ready to go somewhere. As Holda leaves, she goes and opens the book that she uses to do the magic, we see Holda digging a hole in the ground. Later, Holda comes back tells Gretel that soon her brother will come back, by saying Gretel will become great once she accepts her weaknesses, Holda eats food and then plucks out human out of her mouth. Gretel says what have you done to my brother, she says, say it again and I will turn you into ashes, she then says that her little brother will be delicious. Gretel says I am not like you, but Holda claims they\xe2\x80\x99re made of same matter, and same magic that they can see visions without saying. And she shows a vision of the beautiful child, saying Holda is the mother of that child, and that she hates her, and gave her back to darkness but she was wrong, and that wasn\xe2\x80\x99t enough. The child promised to she share her powers with Holda if she trusts the darkness, also that she ate her children and disguised herself as an old woman to lure other children. Gretel wakes up locked in the cellar, and Gretel asks to see her brother, and Holda with her actual youthful appearance, she brings Hansel to Gretel. Holda lures Hansel in a cage so she can cook him, Gretel tries to use her power and chocks Holda with a stick burning her, then she uses her powers to set free. Few hours later, Hansel wakes up and Gretel says Holda doesn\xe2\x80\x99t live here anymore and they\xe2\x80\x99re safe now. She tells him to leave without her and saying she will always be with him in his heart. Before leaving Hansel says you\xe2\x80\x99ll see my face again, Hansel then reaches his old home and reclaims his axe. Gretel says she wants her brother to live his own story and nurture, and she has her own story. Gretel sees the spirits of dead children emerging from the tress, finally free. She says they\xe2\x80\x99re free to go. She is Happy. However, her fingers start turning black as Holda\xe2\x80\x99s did, she tells herself that she is brave, and she trusts herself, and the movie ends. Let me know what do you think about this movie in comment section, and please like &amp; subscribe, it really helps the channel grow. 