hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're going to be talking about the 2015 film, Terminator, Genisys v Terminator film. so let's get started. this summary relies heavily on knowledge of the previous films. if you haven't seen them already, check out my spoilers in the links below. the film opens in the year 2029 with the human resistance leader John Connor launching a final attack against Skynet, the AI system set out to eliminate the human race. just before the attack, however, Skynet uses a time machine to send back a t800 Terminator, once again looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger, in order to kill John's mother, Sarah Connor. John, in response, sends back Kyle Reese travel back in time in order to save her. this is very similar to the events the first film, as the film began with the Arnold Terminator and Kyle Reese being sent back in time. just as Kyle is about to leave the year 2029, Kyle sees John attacked by some type of robot, and then is sent back to the year 1984, while having visions of a childhood that he never had in the year of 2017. in the year 1984. the scenes in this film seemed to be unfolding just as they did in the first film. however, we see the t800 is then attacked by an older t800 as eventually shot and defeated, which did not happen in the first film. it turns out that the t800 that we see now was sent back in time to when Sarah was 9 years old. and after her parents were killed, this t800 terminator has been training and prepping her for this day. Sarah is not the untrained, scared woman that we see in the first film, but now she is a confident and trained work showing that this is a different pass from the previous films. as this t800 raised her. she frequently refers to him as pop, but he is credited as the guardian, as his primary objective is to protect Sarah Connor and ensure that she gives birth to John Connor so one day he can lead the resistance. Kyle arrives to 1984 shortly after, and is almost immediately attacked by a t1000 terminator, very similar to the model from the second film. Sarah and the Guardian rescue Kyle, and the t1000 pursues them, which they are eventually able to lead into a trap where they douse him in acid. Sarah and the Guardian revealed that they have constructed their own time machine and plan to use it to travel to the year 1997, which is the year Skynet became self-aware in the second Terminator film. Kyle realizes, however, that the timeline has been altered, because you remembers being born in a world that wasn't destroyed by machines, where his original timeline began in the apocalyptic world. Kyle convinces Sarah to travel to the year 2017 in order to stop Skynet. the time machine that they travel in requires that no artificial fibers and materials be present. therefore, they must travel naked to the year 2017, and the guardian will wait for their arrival and provide them with clothing. Kyle and Sarah materialize in the middle of traffic in San Francisco, which does cause a small explosion, leading to their arrest. and the Guardian is unable to make it there in time before they are apprehended. Kyle and Sarah are taken to the hospital to be treated for their wounds, and it is revealed that the new Skynet is called Genesis, which is an operating system that will interlock all forms of communication, transportation and government, which is set to go live very soon. while still at the hospital, John Connor appears and rescues Kyle and Sarah. the guardian arrives and begins shooting John, and it is revealed that John is no longer human, but is a hybrid T 3000 unit. it is revealed that while Kyle was sent back in time, John was attacked by a team 5,000 unit, which is the physical embodiment of Skynet. it transformed John on a cellular level into the t 3000 terminator. and John was sent back to ensure the survival of Cyberdyne systems and the release of Genesis. Sarah, Kyle and the Guardian are able to escape and prepare to destroy the Genesis program before it's scheduled release. they're chased down by John, but eventually make their way to the Cyberdyne campus. the schedule for the Genesis project gets moved forward in order to release the program before it is destroyed. they plant explosives around the facility while the Genesis system tries to talk to them, first appearing as a young boy, but eventually appearing as the t 5,000 unit that initially attacked John. John arrives in battles with the Guardian, and eventually the Guardian is able to trap John in cyber x prototype time machine. the machine is activated, and as they both have exposed inorganic materials, it causes a massive explosion, destroying John and the Guardian is thrown into a vat of mimetic polyalloy, similar to the silver like structure of the t1000 unit. as the campus is exploding, Kyle and Sarah lock themselves in a bunker, sparing their lives from the explosion, knowing that they have stopped Genesis from being released. the guardian arrives, now upgraded with him a medical poly components, and helps guide them through the debris. they then travel to the home of Kyle's younger self so he can implant a memory in a reminder that Genesis is sky and in order to give Kyle the memory to know to come to the year 2017 when he is older. the three then drive off into the countryside. initially seeming as though they have successfully defeated Genesis. however, in a scene during the credits, it has revealed that the core of Genesis was protected and survived the explosion. the should set up for the films that are planned to follow. however, they aren't 100% confirmed when they will be released. so that was the spoilers for terminator 5, Genesis. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alert. it's under various forms of social media listed below. and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 