Luke Cage season 2 follows the titular character on his journey to take down Mariah shades and Bushmaster. as with all Netflix Marvel series, there are a couple of things to unpack from the finale. and throughout this video, I will be dissecting the end of the season, as well as what could happen in season 3. there will be several spoilers, so if you don't want the showroom for you, now's the time to turn off. you have been warned. with that out the way, I'm definition. and this is my ending, explained video for Luke Cage season 2, the defeat of bushmaster. throughout season two, we see that the antagonist, Bushmaster, possesses similar powers to Luke Cage. his bulletproof skin gives him a huge advantage when invading Harlem, and this eases his quest for revenge. unlike Cage, Bushmaster uses a powerful nightshade compound to get super-strength and bulletproof protection. coming to Harlem to destroy Mariah because her family double-crossed his, he sets out on a quest for revenge, sneaking into haarlem's paradise through a tunnel from prohibition, which Mariah's door a tilde has told him about. he seeks to murder Mariah once and for all, but Luke intervenes. Luke chokes out bushmaster as Mariah screams kill him. however, Luke sees misty, who urges him to stop. Bushmaster escapes and pleas through the tunnel again before the police can apprehend it. learning that the nightshade has taken a toll on his body, he flees to Jamaica, where he is able to use a lower dosage till the Tulsa's and Ingrid that you will need rest and a medication made from nightshade, which can only be found in nine-mile that jamaica. while she may return in future seasons, I personally think that the character will remain there due to the medication and the fact that mariah is now dead. shades. shades and Mariah share a strange relationship throughout season two, and this comes to a head during the finale. horrified that Mariah murdered so many people during the Rompin massacre, shades decides to cooperate with Misty's investigation against the queen of Harlem. this grant him immunity from persecution. and even know Luke views this as a power play. shades confirms that he has now been labeled a snitch, so will not be able to progress within the market. however, after Mariah dies when her daughter kisses her on the lips with a poison laced lipstick, his immunity becomes null and void. this is due to the fact that it was reliant on Mariah being convicted. therefore, Shades has arrested by misty for the murders that he confessed to. whether or not he stays in prison remains to be seen. however, shades could return in season three as an adversary, or even has an unlikely ally. it will be interesting to see how the characters are progresses. and I can't wait to see what happens to him in the future. the sheriff of Harlem. in a shocking twist, Luke takes over Harlan's paradise and follows in the footsteps of cottonmouth and Mariah. left his inheritance to Luke. Mariah believed that the club would sway the character's morality and turn him into an overlord, much in the same way that she was. in order to stop at another crime, lord taking Mariah's place, Luke fills the role, but claims himself as the sheriff of Harlem in an attempt to distance himself from what came before. however, Luke's friends had disturbed by his willingness to take Harlan's paradise and negotiate with crime lords. when Luke says he plans to make Harlem great again, his friend DW accuses Luke of becoming a Luke Trump. and this really highlights the moral dilemma that Luke now faces. the W buys pops barbershop, telling Luke that it will once again be neutral ground. and misty informs him that he's on a slippery slope, because she knows that just because Mariah gave him it doesn't mean that he has to take it. Luke tells her, that you will be able to maintain order this way, but misty warns him that she won't hesitate to take him down. sugar, who now works for Luke, tells him that Claire has returned. but it remains to be seen if actress rosario Dawson will reprise the role in next season. personally, I believe the sheriff of Harlem position will put them at odds with other characters from Marvel you I predict a third season that may see appearances from the likes of Jessica Jones and daredevil. whether they will be friends there to try and steer them back on course, or take him down as enemies, remains to be seen. but I cannot wait to see how this progresses down the line. so what did you think of Luke Cage season two? how do you rank here against the other Netflix Marvel TV show, and what would you like to see in season three? comment below and let me know. and if you'd like to see more of my ending explain videos, then please subscribe to my channel. I release videos like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. recently, I discussed Jurassic world, fallen Kingdom, so please check that out at the end of this video. again, thanks very much for taking the time to watch this, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 