[Music]. Game of Thrones season a is right around the corner, and after a two-year way, hype has never been higher. there's been a wealth of information about Season eight that has a hell of a lot to unpack from it. so I thought I'd put together a list of everything that we know so far about the show's return, as well as what could happen in the new series. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down all of the key information that we have, as well as what it could mean for the future, based on theories, plot leaks and more. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the show before it begins, and I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I'm definition, and let's get into everything we know so far about season eight of Game of Thrones. okay, so the first thing that you need to know is that the show will return to HBO on April 14th and run all the way to May 19th. in the meantime, we have a lot of teaser trailers that showcase what the show has to offer. the latest, more general teaser that was recently released by HBO highlighted some of their upcoming shows. whilst it may seem a bit backwards to do this first, it actually ties into the earlier clips. in the Game of Thrones segment of the trailer, we can see Jon introducing Daenerys to Sansa at Winterfell. it's clear that Sansa isn't happy that Jon bend the knee. however, it does confirm that the groups are indeed working together as a coalition to take down the undead forces that are racing towards them. of course, Winterfell has plenty of revelations for Jon, who will not only discover that he is, in fact, the heir to the Iron Throne, but that he has also just had sex with his auntie. yikes. still, the family reunion has been long over to you, and there's definitely a lot to look forward to here when they finally come back together as one, which ties into the first teaser. the first teaser showcased the recently reunited Starks, made up of Jon Snow San an area, walking through their family crypt. we can hear limitations of their long deceased ancestors talking about how John Snow was initially not seen as a true member of the household, before Ned played by Sean Bean, reassures John that he is a stark, just not in name. throughout the teaser, John carries a torch, and this confirms that he is, in fact, the light bringer. you may remember that Melisandre told the prophecy of the light bringer, who was a legendary hero that will be reborn in the warrior, which this definitely cements. eventually, they reached the end of the crypt and discovered three effigies made especially for them. as they study them at the torch blows out and the cold starts to creep in. bran Stark, aka the three-eyed Raven, is notably absent from this and this could potentially be a vision that he has given them as a warning, or he may be in other lands. the initial teaser that was released showed ice and fire ravaging the lands and meeting at the river lands. personally, I think that this highlights that there will be a large battle that takes place here between the three dragons, with the ice side representing the new white dragon. also this week we saw an influx of posters for the show with different characters sitting atop of the Iron Throne. whilst they all seemed pretty standard on the surface. the Jon Snow one actually has a lot that stands out about it. most notably, John is almost in the exact same position as the ill-fated Ned Stark is father, who we of course know, died in the first season. some have theorized that this could indeed highlight that John, too will be killed in season eight. however, others have noted that Ned seems to be staring down, resigned to his fate, whereas John is defiantly looking up. personally, I think that the series will end with John on the Iron Throne, and this similarity highlights that. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the teasers so far. and if you have any theories about what could happen in the show, make sure you leave them in the comments below. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my entire breakdown of the plot of Captain Marvel, which will be linked at the end of this this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 