three years before getting caught. brigitte cardigan diane keaton lived a comfortable upper-middle-class life until her husband, don cardigan ted danson, was downsized from his position and sank into debt. the paycheck for selena, the house cleaner, bounces again. selena confronts bridget and suggests she take a job as a janitor at the federal reserve bank of kansas city. on her first day on the job, bridget hatches a scheme to steal worn-out dollar bills slated for destruction for her team. she chooses nina, queen latifah, who works the dollar bill shredder, and jackie, katie holmes, who takes bill cartes from the secret service room to the shredding room. it takes some work to persuade nina to join, but jackie joins them quickly. the plan is that in the secret service room, bridget will switch a cart's official master brand lock with a near identical lock she purchased at home depot. bridget will tell jackie the cart number and give nina the official lock. when jackie gets the chosen cart, she dumps some bills from the cart into a trash can. before taking the car to nina, who then uses bridget's key to open it and restores the official lock, and then proceeds to shred the remaining bills. meanwhile, bridget, in the course of her janitorial duties, retrieves the dumped bills from the trash and splits them among nina and jackie in the women's restroom. their first robbery is a success, though the take is not as big as they had hoped. however, they're emboldened to do it repeatedly. once don and bridget pay off their debt, don suggests they stop before they get caught. bridget rejects this idea and persuades nina and jackie to keep going. they almost get caught, but they end up cutting in. barry roger cross, one of the security guards who is attracted to nina, a federal bank examiner, shows up at a party at bridget's house, and the next day bridget sees him at work. the examiner confronts glover stephen root, who is unwilling, as a matter of professional pride, to admit anyone has stolen a single bill out of his bank. tipped off, that night, bridget and her accomplices begin trying to get rid of all the loot stashed in their houses, but the cops move in before all the evidence is destroyed. bridget escapes, but the others get caught. bridgette hires a tax attorney to defend them. the lawyer gets bridget and all her accomplices off the hook for their crimes, because neither the law enforcement nor the examiner can prove that the large stash of cash in their homes came from the federal reserve bank. technically, it isn't illegal to have a couple of hundred thousand dollars in cash lying around inside a private residence. however, they spent a large sum of that stolen cash to buy expensive objects and improvements on their houses, and did not pay the taxes for them because they couldn't justify the income. the irs demands they pay their taxes, which turn out to be equal in amount to the money that still remains. eight months later, bridget reveals to nina and jackie that she had stashed away much of the stolen money in the basement of a friend's bar. [Music], you 