welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka the Man of Steel, yo girl, and I really need to work on these intros more. Batman V Superman has just celebrated its fourth birthday. and whether you love or hate the movie, you have to admit it's still a big talking point in the comic-book community. it really is the Marmite of superhero films. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down some of the insane details that are laced throughout the film. we will be going over the extended cut, which, in my opinion, is the superior version of the movie. after seeing the theatrical version, I remember leaving the cinema feeling massively disappointed. but the ultimate edition remedies pretty much all of the problems that I have with the film. and these tidbits make it that much better. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you somehow haven't managed to see the movie yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and with that out of the way, thank you for cooking this. now let's get into our breakdown. a Batman V Superman. okay, so the movie opens with an almost flashback like fantasy of Bruce Wayne as a young boy falling into the Batcave and then ascending upwards. this is interlaced with shots of the Wayne murder after they just let the cinema. whilst this scene is predominantly to set up the super Martha bros motif that unites The Dark Knight in Man of Steel, it also has a number of things going on. firstly, there's a poster for Zorro, which is traditionally the film that the Wayne's went to see before that fateful night. however, we can also see that Excalibur, too is playing at the theater. this is important, as both films end in a similar sort of way. Excalibur ends with King Arthur being speared by Mordred, and he pulls the spear closer to himself so that he can stab the villain. this is similar to how Superman is speared at the end. and then he drives Doomsday's core further into himself so that he can kill the Beast. Martha is also a word used to carry a lot of emotion throughout the movie. and the way that Thomas Wayne says, it is meant to mirror the way the horse and Welles did in Sisson Kane. both carry a lot of meaning to Bruce and Charles Foster Kane, and the similarities of these scenes show the direction that Snyder was trying to take with it. from here we jump to the attack on metropolis by Zod. however, this Raun we see, it's solely from Bruce's perspective. now hats off to the editor here, because if you play the two scenes from both movies side-by-side, they line up completely. it's an amazing continuity detail that allows us to see the battle from both the viewpoint of a superhuman and a normal person. watching Man of Steel and bbs back to back really adds to this. and it gives to spare to the destruction of the first film, that made it look like it was just a cool action scene. in this the world engine is destroyed. however, that doesn't mean that the horror of it doesn't stay with Bruce long after. every time he has a nightmare, the loud humming sound of the gigantic machine can be heard. and this symbolizes that the characters suffers from PTSD. over it eagle-eyed viewers also noticed a Man of Steel. there was a poster in the building that said, keep calm and call Batman. this is, of course, what Jack does as he calmly calls Bruce before dying. I absolutely loved that one. shortly after the attack, we cut to two policemen watching a football game between metropolis and Gotham. the latter team is actually the one that Victor stone, aka cyborg, plays for, but he isn't mentioned in the broadcast, as this is after his accident. we also get a reference to the watchman with graffiti saying, the end is nigh. Rorschach used to carry this on a sign, and it ties together this movie with Snyder's other comic book adaptation, Watchmen. this isn't the only Watchmen reference either. as during the fight between Batman and Superman, we can see graffiti that says, and wait for it, because I'm gonna butcher it. Kier's custodiet Ipsos custodes terrible. this translates to, who watches the Watchmen? a catchphrase from the film and graphic novel the sword of Alexander, which cut the Gordian knot, also appears later in the film. and this too is referenced in Ozymandias and Watchmen. to give an example of lateral thinking, the two policemen are called to investigate 193 9 hop away. their callsign is also Delta Charlie 27. this is a reference to Detective Comics 27, which was released in 1939, and it featured the debut of Batman, much like how this scene does. now it's not too long after this that we are introduced to Lex Luthor. and he pretty much instantly brings up his father, who, throughout the film we learn was a cruel man. this is interesting because it paints out one of the main themes in Man of Steel and B yes, which is paternal relationships. mothers, of cause, play a big part, as indicated by the Martha scene, but fathers, arguable, play just as important of a role. a Man of Steel, a Jonathan Kent wish to hide clock and shield him from the world until he was ready to make the choice over whether to go public or not. he died protecting him. and this too is murdered in how Thomas protects Bruce's a boy before he gets murdered. both of these fathers had a positive impact on their children whereas Lex's father did not. even though Alexan Bruce both have the exact same goal, which is to destroy Superman, they both go about in different ways because of their upbringing and the way that their fathers tread them. because he suffered abuse at the hands of his father, Lex has developed a hate for powerful men. he has used this hate as a drive to become successful. however, he realizes that he will never be more powerful in Superman ease. this is why he will go to whatever ends he can in order to bring the character down. we know that his father severely mistreated him, and this is exemplified by the line, no man in the sky intervene when I was aboard to deliver me from Daddy's fists and abominations. now what's ironic about this is that after Lex creates doomsday, the abomination, it goes to punch him. however, Superman comes in and stops his fist from hitting the character. so a man from the sky, in the end, it did come down to deliver him from the fists of an abomination. before Lex is arrested at the end of the movie, he turns his father's painting upside down to show demons coming from the sky with angels coming from the ground. in retrospect, this actually ties into Justice League, in which parademons come down from the sky and Superman and the Justice League defend the planet. lakhs, of course, communicates with Steppenwolf at the end. and though his design differs slightly from how it is in Justice League, this sets up a lot of things for the following movie. Lex manipulates Wallace Keith, play by scoot mcnairy, into hating Superman. and we can also see a moment in the film where he has a picture of Superman lifting a car above his head. this is a reference of the first appearance of the character and Action Comics, and which he did the exact same thing. Lex also takes down Superman by twisting the media and making the public distrust him. news reports pop up throughout the film, and the public perception of the Man of Steel is weaponized against him. this is showcased in a scene that mirror ism and Man of Steel massively. the first time that it appears was when the army were pointing their guns at Clark as he landed. whereas the second shot has cameras in at that mirror the positions of the guns. another shot that is eerily close to Man of Steel happens during the day of the Dead festival, in which Superman saved someone. the character is surrounded by skulls at both points, and he could share the feeling that the character is confused over whether he can trust these people or not. in Man of Steel, he couldn't trust Zod, even though they were both Kryptonian. and in BBS, he has difficulty trusting Humanity, as they seem to hate him. Batman two grapples with his past. we can also see Robins uniform in the Batcave, which has the words jokes our new scrawled across it. this lets us know that Robin was killed by the Joker. and in Suicide Squad we learn that Harley Quinn was complicit in his death. now people often joke that Batman puts the bat symbol in absolutely everything. and is actually a funny moment in BBS where this too can be hinted at. at one point during the movie, we see the lake which Bruce lives beside. the way this entire shot is angled mirrors the bat symbol, and it shows the attention to detail that the creative team had with the work. after the nightmare scene and flash time-traveling, we cutted the docks, where we get a reference to Jack Nicholson, who, of course, played the Joker in Batman. 1989, we discovered that Martha works at a diner. and you may remember, in the first film that she worked in, Sears, this was destroyed during a fight. and nuts she's had to change jobs. before the final battle, Superman confronts Lex and he sets a timer for one hour. this is actually exactly one hour before the end of the film. and once more, hats off to the editors. in the battle between Batman and Superman, Supes arrogantly catches a grenade. this then explodes in his face and sprays kryptonite gas everywhere, which severely weakened sym. earlier in the movie, he juice flew through explosives as he didn't believe that they could damage him. Clark clearly learns from this mistake though, as in justice league, when cyborg fires a missile at him, he dodges out of the way instead of letting it hit him. in the fight, Bruce cuts clocks face with the Kryptonite spear, and this leaves him with a scar. the scar is there early on when he's fighting doomsday. and the two eventually end up going into space, where they're fired upon. the nuke explodes and almost wipes him out, and he heals himself using the sir. this scar then disappears as he's fully regenerated. now, speaking of scars, Domesday used to be Zod, and you can actually spot the same scar on the left side of his face. the movie ends much in the same way that it began, with a shot of a coffin. and it shows that everything is come full circle. this is Superman's funeral, and actually pulls from the real-life funeral of JFK, which had a very similar looking parade that Superman's funeral. a cannon is fired, and we watched the shell of it hit the floor in slow motion. this is similar to how we watch the bullet from Joe chills gun land after killing the Wayne's at the start of the movie. Superman's birth also mirrors his death. in these two shots, we can see that there is a ray of light coming in. Batman stands in the position of jor-el Wonder. Woman stands in the position of quick qui liqueur. wherever the Droid is called, and Lois is in the position of Laura when jor-el dives into the water to get the codec and Man of Steel, this moment, is murdered in the young diver earlier in BBS that finds the Kryptonite. rock Zod stabs jor-el, similar to how doomsday stabs Superman at the end of the film. and during the movie, when Superman is put on trial, he walks down a long corridor. this shot is set up exactly the same as it is in Man of Steel, when he's escorted by military personnel. Superman pulling the bow along in the film is similar to Jesus carrying the cross before his crucifixion. and the movie is laced with a ton of symbolism that ties to the real world. it's a really great film that is filled to the brim with amazing details. and hopefully this video has helped you to appreciate it a bit more. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film, so comment below and let me know if you know it's the anything that I didn't and make sure you leave it to as I'd love to see if there's any details that will make me appreciate the movie more. make sure you check out our breakdown of Joker, which goes over some of the craziest elements of that film. and we discussed the hidden countdown in the background of scenes, whether the movie was a fantasy or not, and the reason that all the clocks are set to the same time. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date. with heavy spoilers, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 