welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, were breaking down the Invisible Man. this is the first horror movie starring John Cena, sorry, icon. and the film has a lot to unpack from it. the Invisible Man seemed to give away the whole movie in its trailer, but when you watch it, you'll see there's a lot of things that it merely teases. and overall, the film takes some unexpected turns. throughout this video, we're going to be giving off full thoughts on the movie, answering some of the questions that you may have, and discussing what it's ending means. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to see it yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. if you enjoyed the video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on to never miss an episode. without the way. thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of the Invisible Man. [Applause]. there you are. The Invisible Man has been a character that has lasted for centuries, and for good reason, created by HG. Wells all the way back in 1897. the Invisible Man has left an imprint on society due to its study of human psychology and comments on what one could do if no one else could see them. there have been several reboots over the years, but few have really left their mark. that's where Blum house step in and from the after film is by far one of the best depictions ever put to screen. The Invisible Man really recaptures the horror element of the antagonist and appoints its genuinely terrifying. the film itself follows Cecelia Cass who, in the dead of night, manages to escape from her abusive husband, Adrian. Adrian is a genius level scientist that's accumulated a lot of wealth. however, he harbors a darker side to his personality that comes with the power. Adrian has tormented Cecilia and pretty much trapped her in a toxic relationship that has led to the character's psyche being severely fractured. from the off, there are clear themes of isolation and barricades around Cecilia, whether it's Adrian sleeping with his arm around her, all the huge walls that border the house. she's clearly been trapped. Cecilia has to fight tooth and nail to get out these and yet, Adrian is able to break through them with these as we see when he smashes his hand through the glass window on a ride out of there. after breaking free from his grasp, Adrian apparently commits suicide and leaves her a large portion of his fortune. this indicates the financial control that abuses sometimes have over their victims. whilst it could seem like she is finally free, something isn't right, and Cecilia is slowly haunted by something that she's unable to see. she also discovers at one point in the film that she's pregnant with Adrian's child. and ultimately, the movie is about him going to great lengths to get her to return to him with his prodigy. now, one of the big questions I've seen on the film is, when exactly did this pregnancy happen? well, there are two ways that it could have which I'll give my opinion on. now, Adrian is Tom implied, could have swapped out Cecilia's birth control. the other alternative is that he forced himself upon her. in the film as lip service to her being only a month along in the pregnancy. and though we don't know exactly when they last together, it is very muddy when this happened. personally, I'm going with the latter theory, as I can see it more fitting in with the character and the personality that we see in possess in the movie. as mentioned earlier, the financial control is enforced with this pregnancy, and therefore it seems more likely to me that the conception had a sinister side to it. you can decide for yourself, but I tend to sit more with the twisted version. either way, it shows how manipulative that Adrienne really is, and armed with some incredible technology, how dangerous he could be. it's an outstanding premise that not only makes it one of the most unique adaptations of the story ever, but it also comments on modern-day abuse and how it can often be psychological as well as physical. Cecilia is clearly a broken woman, and had we not had the knowledge of the title and premise before going in, you could definitely second-guess the character's perception at certain points and think that she could all just be imagining it. the men in the movie don't really believe her and make excuses for Adrienne. and though James ultimately turns out to be an ally, it shows how judgemental society can be. gaslighting is a big theme throughout the film, and whether this is a more supernatural depiction of an abusive relationship or not, you can definitely take it and apply elements of it to the real world. horrors are at their best when they operate like this. and it's no surprise that the Invisible Man is receiving a lot of acclaim for its execution and social commentary. it really shows how abusers work and the patterns that they employ to make sure that their victim really has nowhere to turn. the Invisible Man systematically cuts off those around Cecilia, makes a question in herself, and in the end, tries to force her back into a relationship with him in an almost Machiavellian manner. it's clear that Cecilia's relationship with men has been forever damaged, and it shows that abuse can severely affect someone for the rest of their life, even if they manage to escape a situation that caused it. it's truly an inspired way to reinvent the Invisible Man. and I have to say, early on, this quickly secured the spot of best horror of the fme. that isn't really that hard right now, especially with the boy - the grudge and the turning, but I think it has set the bar very high in a way that will be difficult for other entries, outside of a quiet place - to live up to. you after things begin to ramp up and it becomes clear that Cecilia and those around her are being hunted by someone, a twist comes in the form of who the Invisible Man really is. she discovers that the Invisible Man has been living in an attic. and this reveal is enough to send chills up your spine. she slowly sets out on a journey to get proof, and lots of the scenes of very tense in atmospheric when revisiting Adrian's home, she discovers the invisibility machine and realizes that the man who has manipulated her has also discovered a way to manipulate light. now, as for the Invisible Man reveal, initially most, including myself, assumed it was Adrian. however, we learn that it was apparently Tom, his brother, who carried out all of the attacks. the invisible man killed Cecilia's sister Emily, and also framed her for murder. after she manages to defeat him, we learn that Adrian has apparently been a victim too, locked away in his own basement for weeks upon end, most by it. and it seems like Adrian's ultimate endgame has worked. however, Cecilia doesn't buy it, and she wears a wire and agrees to have dinner with him. whether here tom was carrying out most of the crimes, we don't know. but personally, I think Adrian manipulated Tom for this reveal and threw him under the bus, knowing that at some point it would have to look like he was trapped in his home. so in my opinion, Adrian was pretty much behind it all of the time. as with most abusers, he tries to suggest a fresh start, whilst also refusing to admit that there's been any wrongdoing. Cecilia insists that he tells the truth, so that he'll finally implicate himself. and no, he doesn't out-and-out say it. he discusses how their lives together will have a surprise, which is a callback to earlier in the film, when he also used the word to torment her. it's a truly chilling moment when you think you have it all figured out. but the movie continues to throw curve balls as it heads into its final scenes. Cecilia gets up and goes to the bedroom, and Adrian seems very smug in his demeanor. but something changes, and Adrian stands up and appears to slit his own throat, similar to the manner that Emily was murdered. perhaps the girl finally got to him, right? well, don't bet on it, as we learn that it was actually Cecilia behind it all, using the invisible suit that she hid earlier in the movie and Adrian's own CCTV against him. Adrian was so comfortable in his control over Cecilia that he was completely blindsided by this move. and his ego really was his biggest downfall. never could he imagine that one he believed was his slave could rise up against him and take over. but Cecilia delights in doing this. initially, it seemed as if Cecilia just wanted Adrienne to confess. but this move shows that she is far more intelligent than Adrienne gave her credit for. and using his own technology against him makes the revenge even sweeter. the ending, for me, symbolizes that abuse victims can often feel that they're invisible, but they're not, and they do have a voice and the ability to stand up to their abusers. though Cecilia has to go to incredible lengths to do this. in the process, she gains independence, and with the knowledge of all that she's gone through, she will avoid abusive relationships in the future. the movie also showcases how abuse leads to further abuse, violence and revenge, and elevates the horror above most. she calls the police and tells them that Adrienne has killed himself, and gives the performance of a lifetime to sell a story to the cops that show up. abuse victims often have to pretend that something happened when it didn't, such as they fell down the stairs. and this ability to lie to those who looked deeply at what's going on has become a weapon in her arsenal. she leaves the house and goes off to start a new life for herself with the invisible suit, which is the only thing that would be able to prove that she was complicit in Adrienne's death. going forward, there have been people theorizing that there will be a sequel, but I think as a standalone piece, it works far better than anything we could get potentially showing what Cecilia could be doing in the future. now I have seen some people saying that Adrienne could have been innocent, and that Cecilia could have committed this murder mistakingly. however, I think that the themes of the film itself shut this down a lot. as we ourselves when saying this, or relegated to being the men that simply don't believe Cecilia, even though we saw the things on screen play out the way that they did. it's a genius move, and overall, it's a reason why the film is such a well-made piece of work. now, before we get into the review, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the infinity Saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in when the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the film in the comment section below. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. as for my thoughts on the film, I'm sure you can guess, I absolutely loved it. whether it was the pacing, subject matter or just the general turn of events at the film tuck, everything worked for me here. it's perfectly grounded by Elizabeth musses performance. and she is quickly becoming an actor to watch due to her abilities to paint out a vulnerable person that slowly overcomes - things are thrown at her. not only is this the best horror movie of the air, in my opinion, it's one of the best movies of the air. and it's a solid way to kick-start the new direction of the dark universe. I can't wait to rewatch it. and overall, the movie was a blast, and it gets a nine out of ten. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Invisible Man and what you took from the film. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of I'm not okay with this, which is gonna be linked. at the end we go over everything you need to know about the Netflix show. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. you massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you wanna come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with every spoilers, so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. a huge thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 