welcome to movie summary. today, i'm going to explain science fiction adventure film time trap. hopper, an archaeology professor, is exploring a remote cave system on the trail of missing hippies from the 1970s. after discovering what appears to be a cowboy paused in place in a tunnel, he returns to town and dismisses his graduate students, taylor and jackie, stating that their research is done. several days later, as hopper has not returned, taylor and jackie go looking for him with their friend cara, who brings her sister thieves and her friend furby. following hopper's trail to the campsite by a cave, they find an entrance with climbing ropes leading inside. they decide to follow it, but furby chooses to stay behind as backup for the base camp. they lower themselves into the cave, hearing strange noises. when furby does not answer their radio calls, jackie tries to climb back out, but the rope frays and she falls injuring herself and taylor, calling for help. they receive a transmission from inside the cave and follow it at a different junction they discover another opening to the cave in furby dead with a broken neck. watching his video recordings, they noticed several days elapsed from his perspective, while only about an hour had lapsed in the cave. he began researching the hippies belongings, discovering they were hopper's parents and that he is searching for his missing sister. his parents were following legends of the fountain of youth, and speculated that this cave system was the root of the story. cara free climbs out of the cave to get a gps signal. outside, the terrain has become barren and there is no signal. returning to the cave, comparing video recordings, cara has experienced 30 minutes on the surface while she had been gone only a few seconds from their viewpoint, confirming taylor's theory. reviewing ferbie's footage again, they learned he survived the fault, but was murdered by a caveman. cara and taylor deduced the time difference is much more drastic than they suspected, and entire years are passing within seconds, meaning the few hours they have been in the cave is enough to span several hundred or thousand years outside. hearing more howling, cara prepares to climb out again for help, but is interrupted by a futuristic humanoid spaceman descending via retractable ladder. a caveman suddenly attacks, but is subdued non-lethally. they flee, just to find a whole tribe of cavemen inspecting the dead bodies of the cowboy and hopper's parents discovered. taylor fights the caveman and is killed. the spaceman returns, protects the others from the cavemen and then places taylor into a healing pool of water. more cavemen attack, and the space man is fatally wounded, but uses his dying breaths to show them several media clips about their disappearance and indicating humans have become space-faring. taylor finds hopper injured in front of another time dilation containing his long-missing sister and a legion of conquistadors in battle with the caveman over control of the waterfall, the source of the time distortion, at the center of the cave system. hopper explains the field is strongest here, making rescue of his sister, impossible. he tells taylor to go and save the others as he is also dying. preparing to leave the cave with the spaceman's ladder, they are attacked by caveman. before they can get through, cara is pulled through the portal by future beings. before she can help her friends. from their perspective, she reappears through the portal differently dressed and with rope-like mechanisms which pull her friends through. a short time later, furby awakens along with hopper and hopper's family, all having been retrieved and resurrected with the healing waters. the others arrive happily, explaining they are in a space station and have a lot to talk about. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel. thank you for watching. 