Voltron has just wrapped up its entire run with a season finale that will leave fans debating the events for many years to come. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know about the finale, as well as the events that took place in it. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to have anything ruined, and I highly suggest that he turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. okay, so the big question that is on everyone's lips is, did Allura die? well, season 8 finds the paladin's tried to stop her gar from reverting to her old persona, her Nova. in the final battle, Allura, the paladins and her Nova are teleported into a collected consciousness and plead with her to stop the destruction. they eventually managed to convince her to restore the universe. but this requires a ritual in which Allura must sacrifice herself in order to perform. Allura manages to change the massive amounts of quintessence her Nova had collected during the series and transform it from a destructive life force into a giving one, after a tearful goodbye. Alura Antonova, a walk towards king alfor la tour and the past paladins, including Zarkon, to me, this is not a death for the character, but rather a higher plane of existence. in the white lion episode, we learn that there exists a realm outside of what the main characters exist in. and it's clear that Allura spirit has one there. after a brilliant flash of light, reality is saved, and everything seems to be back to the status quo, except for her, Nova and Allura, who are now missing. Allura stated that she knew the risks, and it does indeed appear that she has gone forever from this world. the final scenes of the show display the universe in a state of unity. the planets have joined the coalition, which is now grown into an even bigger Galactic Empire of peace. the Holts have established a new generation of defenders. hunc created a food Empire. lands has become a farmer and is living out a peaceful life spreading the message of allure air, even if he does miss his former girlfriend. Keith helps with the relief work, and Shiro found love and happiness. the show doesn't end there, though, and viewers who stick around right until the end will see the characters meet to celebrate that anniversary of Alura sacrifice, and watch as the Voltron lie at the part. the theory that aloha still lives and now exists on a higher plane of existence is confirmed here when we see her as part of the constellations watching over the galaxy, her sacrifice grunting her life beyond it. so what are your thoughts on the finale of Voltron? do you agree with me, and what did you take from the ending? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big Netflix release, bird box, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 