he was last seen last night. appearance. we are told he was wearing his lawson cena's high school. did you have a nice vacation with the marquis? huh? i'm sorry. no, no. so maybe your girlfriend had something to do with it. i were you, i'd actually try to pass my classes this year, otherwise mom and dad will cut you off. and you weren't born to be born. what are you doing here? i have as much right to be here as you do. my sister is dead at 16 years old. as of right now. if any of you talk to that [ __ ] waiter, then you're gonna be dead to me. ten minutes every afternoon isn't enough. omar, you think i don't know that. you know, the reason you're at this school is thanks to me. i made a deal with your father, i wouldn't talk to you so he'd let you stay. cause if you admit that you lied, you'll be an accessory to murder. you know that right? good evening. we haven't met yet. i'm lou valerio's sister. she's my half sister. don't listen, we promised ourselves this wouldn't ever happen again. i'm your sister. the hairy father was admitted for it was just a scare. should you hear anything, he's alive. it's a miracle, given how bad it all was. one of the best hospitals in the world. they'll operate tomorrow, and then i'll have to undergo a few months of intense rehabilitation. sooner or later, you're going down. you're not supposed to be walking yet. let's follow the doctor's orders. all right, i said, i'm fine. do you really think christian's accident was just a coincidence? how can you be so calm about all this? i know how tough it can be being the new girl, coming here, making friends. really? you're such a sweetheart. oh, stop the creature, right? yeah. okay, look at me. everything's fine. we've all moved on, and we're all one big, happy family, right? dude. nobody's saying that. yeah, cool story, ander. but you forget, my sister wasn't lost. she was murdered. yes, i was involved. stick to cleaning, of course. if you don't need anything else. i'll be going. don't forget, you're covering cleaning both houses for me this afternoon. okay. i'm taking your grandpa to the doctor listen, you need to go to the police and tell them everything you know about the night of mourinho's murder. you don't have to do it in person. just leave an anonymous tip. i was just messing with you, just some role-playing. i thought that would turn into me after nobility. don't lie. that's why you took this job. i'm just making the most of it. who who's making the most? you or the spoiled girl you made? i've worked hard for every single thing i have. what i wasn't going to tell you my whole life story right off the bat. no one would suspect you riding around on your bike anyway. you wouldn't be a dealer. you'd be a delivery guy. i'm trying to say our relationship isn't hard. what's hard is wasting all my time in that shop pretending to be someone whoa. i'm not. whoa [ __ ] you doing with carla's phone? don't tell me you're a criminal as well. and from now on, you and i make the rules together. you got it. you will never be the man of this house. get up. i killed marina. i couldn't take him anymore. i can keep the secret. i can't even look who's man in the eye. you know you've ruined his life, and you're going to tell him everything. no, you have 24 hours, starting now. i'm not bluffing. your time's up. god damn it. [Music], hey, hey, someone help me. call an ambulance. call anyone. get it out. get it all out right now. there's an innocent guy rotting in jail for something he didn't do, at least until the trial starts. responding, listen, your sister was the most important person in my life. she was, we were about to have a kid together. [Music], i think it's best for us to go back to our lives. you with your girlfriend, and me. what if i left her? no, i actually meant it's because i don't love you. i don't love you back. i slept with nadia. holy [ __ ] sorry, samuel, son of a [ __ ] gotta be kidding me. i broke up with lou. i'm so sorry. i can't all you want with my little brother. first you killed marina, then left christian for dead. you're a [ __ ] up psychopath. you know that this how you investigate. she's laughing in your face. i want you to deliberately fail every exam this week. why would i? because i want you to feel exactly what i felt. if you bolt, we forfeit the bail. i'll repay you the bail money as soon as i can. this photo must have been taken before they killed marina, and this one was after. it belonged to christian. he let him use his shirt, but he knew where the blood on polos came from. that i don't like my sister's murderer walking free. it was your buddy, polo. anymore, you better watch your mouth, you little [ __ ]. if she's gonna reveal something about you, then you're going to do this. let her know you'll tell everyone that you know about the whole valerio thing. but if you continue your shitty little investigation, all you're gonna do is end up like christian. your name really is kaytana, right? yeah. the real kaitan is far more interesting than that. at least she's different. he knows about the dress you stole? no, not that and that. the owner called all of my other houses, and have lost every client. i'm sorry, but that's not enough to alter the course of this investigation. it took way less evidence than this to throw my brother in jail. your brother to the profile, the profile? no, you don't want to believe me, because if you believe me, then you have to admit your friends are your real enemies. you need to accept it right now. i'm the only one telling you the [ __ ] truth. we're not just talking about pains and bills here. i know. we're talking a lot of money. yeah, it's illegal. samuel, what's he saying? said, you killed my sister. nadia, i dumped blue and went straight to your store. if that isn't clearly knowing what i want, then enlighten me. since you're such a pro what have you done to show me? victoria, i provide housekeeping services. perhaps you're not cayetana's mom, are you? [Laughter], what account are the guests wearing all their donations into? or at least it's as real as your elaborate little stories about the world, your vacation and your house, your friendship? yes, kaitana here is a liar. and her mother isn't me. was it paula who killed marina? no, he didn't sleep at home. are you sure he was last seen yesterday? nadia, i made the video. you're both welcome to come back to the school. i think that should be enough for you to stick it out a few more months, or at least until cayetano finishes her studies. that's all you can ask for. change takes time. they really love each other, and that's what's important. the [ __ ] are you doing? use the door like a normal person. so you gonna explain who the hell those [ __ ] were back there. some thugs want to get revenge on rebecca's mom. [ __ ] nice, samuel. we have to make her suffer. [Music] to your grandparents farm so we can search the premises, do you? well, i came here during the summer. you're just gonna find a ton of spider webs. the area has been cleared. let's get out of here. paul murdered marina. it was an accident, and i know where the trophy is. it's right by the riverbank. i pray the next time you pass out, you split your head wide open and keep bleeding until you die. thanks for listening to me. well, if i had listened earlier, it wouldn't have come to all this. you good. yeah. and you good if you confess we'll get it over with. we have carla's confession. you mean my spiteful ex whose father disproved her story? i think the only one here who's delaying inevitable is you. [Music]. you 