[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2010 animated comedy-drama film, Toy Story 3. so let's get started. 17 year old Andy is headed to college, and his toys have not been played with for years. he has sold most of them, except Woody, Buzz Lightyear, Jessie bullseye, Rex slinky ham, mr. and mrs. Potato Head, the aliens and the green army man. he intends to take woody with him to college and put the other toys in a trash bag to be stored in the Attic, except for the army you men, who leave. Andy's mother mistakenly throws the bag out, the toys escape and climb into her car, into a donation box with Barbie, bound for the Sunnyside daycare what. he follows them, but is unable to convince them that Andy meant for them to be kept and that the mom accidentally donated them. Andy's toys are welcomed by lots o huggin bear, Lotso and the other toys at Sunnyside, except woody. Andy's toys are delighted to learn that Sunnyside never runs out of children to play with. and barbie is enamored by the handsome Ken woody attempts to return home, but is found by Bonnie, who brings him home. Bonnie's toy, chuckle, explains that he lots o and big baby, once had an owner, but were lost during a family trip. they made it home, where lots o found out that he had been replaced. lot Zoe's personality changed, and he lied to big baby, saying that they were all replaced. when they found the Sunnyside daycare. Lotso took over all the toys in chuckles only escape because Bonnie took him home for repair at Sunnyside. Andy's toys are horrified at the toddler's rough play. buzz asked Lotso to move them to the older children's room, but lot so Pat raised buzz and restores him back to his original factory settings, erasing his memories. miss Potato Head, through an eye that she lost in Andy's room, sees Andy searching for them. when they realize woody is telling the truth, they all try to leave. Andy's toys are imprisoned by lot Zoe's henchman, however, who rely on new recruits to save them from the preschoolers abuse. would he returns to Sunnyside and learns that the only way out is through the trash. Andy's toys accidentally reset buzz to spanish mode, and his old persona Spanish buzz, promptly allies himself with woody and falls in love with Jessie. the toys reach a dumpster, but they are cornered by lots of gang as a garbage truck approaches, woody reveals lots of deception - big baby, who throws Lotso into the dumpster. as the toys try to leave, lots of henchmen retreat and lots of drags woody into a dumpster. as the truck collects the trash, the rest of Andy's toys fall into the truck while trying to rescue him, except Barbie Ken and big baby. a falling television lands on Buzz, restoring his memory and personality. the truck brings the toys to a landfill where the aliens are swept away by spotting a claw. and the other toys are deposited on a conveyer belt that leads to an incinerator. Woody and Buzz help lotsa reached the emergency stop button, only for Lotso to abandon them and escape. the toys resigned themselves to their fate as they're about to die in the incinerator, but are rescued by aliens operating the claw. lotsa was found by a garbage truck driver who ties him to the front of the radiator grill and drives away. woody and the other toys board another garbage truck back to Andy's home. in Andy's room, what he climbs into the box of college supplies, while the other toys prepare for the Attic. woody leaves a note for Andy, whoo, thinking the notice from his mother, takes the toys to Bonnie's house. - Andy's surprised. woody is at the bottom of the box, and Bonnie recognizes him, though hesitant at first. Andy passes woody on to Bonnie and they play together before he leaves. woody and the other toys witness Andy's departure as they begin their new lives with Bonnie. during the credits scenes, Barbie Ken and big baby have made vast improvements to Sunnyside daycare and maintain contact with the other toys through letters. after parachuting in the army, men are welcomed at Sunnyside. so that was the spoilers for Toy Story 3. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 