hella. clear confirmation that it is a person causing this. yeah, we all know I'll never be the director. Coulson, awesome. he'd be proud the job. suits. didn't know if you get through. boys, tanker didn't make it. what about Sarge? he's coming soon. it's his crossing. clear. no clothes on a department head. two of our brightest minds on a deep space. they can't make contact. and until they jump back, we need you. are innocent people. let her go. she'll never heard of it. I found something inside the chamber. narrow, I see. I've seen it before. it's a planet. that's why face with her. we are approaching neuro at SIA. is it safe for Estonia? it will be challenging to conceal that we have murdered the controller. the other crewmembers. they could easily find employment on the planet of Kitson. going that deep is not smart. no, we can't let this trail go cold. enter the coordinates. let's get her the coordinates. where'd you up to? those guys must need something when they go for it. we'll be watching. we need you back. I think I'll be out of here. why? I'm a damaged person from a damaged world. there's even a chance that can happen again, you'd want to see the world before it does. I'm not a shield Legion. for some reason, I'm still hanging around this rustic tween bite agent Keller. he's obviously attracted to you. I'm betting it's mutual. I'm not afraid of Matt by now. honestly, I'd much rather we tell him about it than him stumble on. he has not to deal with revenues people came from. I think they destroyer. seriously. I'll eat for three minutes and the plane goes all the he'll see that were closed. what does that mean? I don't know. but it rings a bell. it's gonna make a mess. I'm looking all over for you. it's so fake. Coulson put a parasite in this man and implanted him with this. the old Fitz is a wanted man, wanted for tampering with the universe. where did it go? [Music], you should not be here, one of the guys. and there's a spitting image of Phil Coulson. let's go. I've got the girl in my sights. any sign of him? yeah, if you're not gonna kill me, then what do you want? you're about to find out. you know, it has been a long time. you know this woman, I'm a chronicle. you don't actually know how we did it. dispose of the criminal. stop this. now. if anyone can solve the mysteries of time travel, it is Leopold Fitz what would motivate him to do what we need her? it's particularly lethal. one @ro wants to know how you were able to travel through time so that we may go back and save our world. the last thing that I would ever want is for sentence to be in danger. and you knew that nasty place they called the Shrike. they jump to a new world and inspect the hosts. when it couldn't get to me, static screaming super charger, turning the hosts energy into pure destruction. I have taken bold action. we must go your grandfather. funny how this robot friend stay put mr. Kitson. would want to deal with them personally. hm, rates. on her way back, she caught it partners worse fit. so soon these guys started shaking and screaming. as soon as we put em together. there's no way that's gonna hold. and if it gets out, we could lose the point. you got your tracker beam add to threat that we're headed for each other. wow. you two at once. seems like you've outsmarted me. your name, I though your knowledge might be perfect for searching for our knowledge is mostly earth-based. of two parents. you mean we're going to what do you want my team in my truck do now? what we're doing? cold, that stuff can't survive in that first day for coming home. don't get comfortable. there's a lot more out there where those two came from. and where is it? where's what the bomb from? it'll leave a crater 200 miles wide. when I Zell lands, I'm gonna blow her and her black tower of death into oblivion. you're not leaving until it's dismantled. it's no flick, I'm sorry. says he's over a hundred years old. he's hunting creatures called the Shrike. their creator is coming. earth will be destroyed, possibly by sergeant, and he won't stop until he sir, there's a large, unidentified object approaching earth. there seems to be headed toward the rendezvous point. what's the call sir? standing by that the Alice a made of stone. again, create will beings through space and time. we go right back where she not here. you robbed me of my family memories, of it's not that I stole your memories, Sarge, it's they never had any to begin with. tell us, Sarge, I completed the mission. I know we all saw something in Sarge that wasn't there. should have killed him the moment I saw him. those whose journeys have just begun, because without every single one of you, there is no shield. you really so. your gravitonium device contains the energy of three monoliths. even if I so gets that power for herself. not good. the only thing powerful enough to defeat me, it's inside you, and you're afraid to let it out. I thought for sure you read out by now. those wounds, what was? they've all healed. doesn't make any sense. hello friends. she's the perfect way for me to escape this place. I'm coming with you. fine. your plane has the room. the person that is in there is not the man that you loved. it's possible that the three energies combined to create another Kusum space and time. this human body took it over, and in return, you got everything that comes with this unwilling vessel of monoliths to be used to open a doorway between our world in the world where as L comes from. come on, what are you waiting for? do it. kill me sky. you're gonna sacrifice yourself. that's what Colson would have done. my family will come through and take over the Shrike host. what the deal is destroyed. there isn't a way to complete the ritual. so your minds are going to create them for me. I think Sarge's powers are very dangerous, but there might be just what we need. she's taking people over, possessing them. I will gather a force to find Fitz and Simmons. that is not necessary. we have their brain. when the DL is resident in harmony, they'll open a gateway to my home. were you able to reach out to our fellow anthropologists? there is a problem. the chronic comes on your list. are no longer anthropologists. okay, I made it. now what now you wait for extract. really think this man is clothes. start started to remember who we really is. we don't know what it is. pain that's been a knife in my heart for so long. it's love. the pain is love. and now I know how to end leave no prison. how does it feel to be your true self once more? long overdue, yet here you are, ready to claim? well, we've always loaned for a new home. it's only a matter of time. it's a prison from which I freed you. and I'd be grateful for that if you hadn't been the one responsible for my captivity. very action to freed you to stand by my side, ready to deliver our people into this world. I can't once the three open the temple that forgotten, the flood will come. they were finally Tory. great to take form, to know what it is to feel as [Music], if I turn, I need you to take one of those nice put it right here. you know, I found that bluffing was much easier if you kill someone and take their skin. either you underestimated the woman's strength. oh, we don't want her dead to begin with. this will be the hardest thing you have ever done. I doubt that her thing's ever easy with you, is it? what do we have to do change the natural course of your lives forever. get ready to be reborn. [Music], you've come to witness the arrive. [Music] they're erasing from existence. they'll do it for me in there. come on. that's right. I get a battle. will rage with you. can't wait. [Music], they believe any shield can stop them, so they sent hunters to destroy shield and everyone within it. you're right, I could see the Empire State Building. your answer jump drive to like I said, we had time. we have a problem that Fitz and I could not solve. but you're not provided a possible solution. the chronic home hunters have furious black box as well as centuries of anthropological research to pull from. he has all of his own memories and has been upgraded with complete knowledge of everything he's missed. he has chronic um hardware, which makes him almost riots. [Music], hey guys. [Music], you 