welcome back to movie reviews. today i will show you an action thriller, horror film from 2008. titles saw spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the film starts with seth in the pendulum trap. it is revealed seth is a murderer who was released early from prison due to a technicality. seth is told by jigsaw's puppet that if he wants to live, he has to destroy the things he has used to kill his hands. the trap is later revealed to be unwinnable. but seth is made to believe that the aim of the trap is for him to push buttons inside of two devices, which would crush both of his hands, before a bladed pendulum intended to slice him in half descends upon him. seth had in fact crushed his hands, but as the trap is unwinnable, the pendulum does not stop. from the side of the room, somebody watches seth getting sliced in half through a peephole. meanwhile, agent strom shoots jeff and enters the room where jigsaw died. after investigating and finding jigsaw's corpse, the door is locked on straw by mark hoffman, strong finds a hidden door in the room and kicks it open. the outlines of the door had been painted with glow in the dark, paint only visible in the dark. the door leads down a new hallway. strom finds a tape recorder and plays it. jigsaw's voice addresses him on the recording and warns him not to proceed, but to stay where he is, stating that he can find salvation or let his insatiable hunger to uncover the truth drive him deeper in the abyss. jigsaw urges him to make the right choice. strong disregards the warning and leaves the room. walking down the hallway, he is soon attacked by a figure in a pig mask, presumably hoffman. he wakes to find himself in one of jigsaw's traps. his head is in a sealed box, which quickly starts to fill with water. before he runs out of air. he performs a tracheotomy with the tube of a ballpoint pen in order to breathe. the police make it to the gideon warehouse, and hoffman emerges carrying corbett, claiming that he saved her. strom is carried out on a stretcher, still alive, but badly injured. the next day, the police hold a service for all the people who have died chasing jigsaw. the chief of police announces that the jigsaw murders are over and promotes hoffman. john kramer's ex-wife, jill, is given a videotape and box from john's lawyer. the contents of the box, says john, are of grave importance to her. after looking in the box, jill leaves without telling jon's lawyer what's inside. strom is shown morning next to an empty hospital bed because agent perez died during the night. agent erickson strom's boss visits strom, telling him he has taken him off the jigsaw case. strom is dismayed and angered. later, hoffman heads back to his office and finds a note for him saying, i know who you are. hoffman gets worried that his secret is threatened and that he may be in danger. later, hoffman heads off to a lair where several monitors are placed on a table, depicting five unconscious people on the first monitor. meanwhile, the five people wake up in a sewer and a neck tie trap. they are told by jigsaw's puppet that five will become one with the common goal of survival. he states that while their lifelong instincts will tell you to react one way. i implore you to do the opposite. the first part of their test involves pulling against a cable to get a key at the end of the room to release themselves. the consequence for not completing the trap is to be beheaded. they realize they need to work quickly as nail bombs are set to go off in the room. once the timer counts down, malik gets anxious and runs ahead, starting the timer. in the end, everyone except for ashley gets their keys. ashley is eventually beheaded by the blade. once the cable is pulled tight, the group walks through a door to the next room. strom, contemplating what his deceased partner said, heads over to fbi headquarters to find files on hoffman. he finds a file saying that hoffman's sister was murdered and her killer, seth, was killed in his trap, which was revealed to have taken place before the events of the first film. strom comes to the conclusion that hoffman killed seth, but staged it as a jigsaw trap. hoffman designed and orchestrated the trap himself, using a voice modulator to disguise his voice's jigsaws and designed his own puppet to deliver seth's message. a flashback depicting hoffman looking at the pendulum trap ensues, as he was the person watching at the start of the film. sometime after seth's death, hoffman is kidnapped by jigsaw, who has discovered who was truly responsible for seth's death. jigsaw scolds hoffman and blackmails him into working for him, which hoffman reluctantly agrees to. hoffman is then shown through flashbacks, setting up the house trap, talking to jigsaw before the events of saw four, and kidnapping paul. after watching paul fail his trap through a peephole, jigsaw gives hoffman dr gordon's pen light, which he would later plan at mark's crime scene. logic reveals that there must have been at least one jigsaw victim, unknown to the viewers, tested before paul, where the puppet was used. that way, hoffman and the authorities would know of the puppet, and hoffman could use it for seth's trap. by the end of these events, hoffman is a willing apprentice to jigsaw. back in the sewers, charles malik, luba and brit make it to the next trap. in this trap, the group has to smash jars filled with glass to find keys to enter bomb shelters before a bomb goes off in the sewer. there are four bomb shelters, but only three of the keys will fit the locks. jigsaw's puppet tells the group to decide which of them will be the odd man out. malik begins to smash the jars with a pole. charles beats malik with a pole down to the ground, with the intent of sacrificing malik's life so the rest can escape to safety. brit and luba pick up keys. malik attempts to pick up a key, but charles steps on his hand and takes it. just as charles is about to enter his shelter, luba hits him with a pole and gives the key back to malik. the trio enter the shelter and leave charles to die by the explosion. luba, malik and brit make it to their next test. in this test, they have to find a way for five cords of electricity to make it into a bath of water to complete a circuit opening the door to the next test. however, the cords are not long enough to reach the bath water. so they think they need to use a person's body as an electrical conductor. luba tries to kill malik to use his body, but brit stabs luba in the neck, saying she never trusted her. malik and brit use luba's body for the electricity to reach the bath and the door opens to their final test. meanwhile, hoffman steals strom's cell phone from the evidence locker and plants it at the house where brit and malik's game is being held, in hopes to frame him. meanwhile, brit and malik make it to their final test. in this test, they have to stick their hands in rotating saws and bleed into a beaker. when the beaker fills with the labeled volume of their blood, the door to the room will unlock and they will be free to go. before they start the test, they realize that there are five saws and five openings on the contraption for which to stick arms into. they then realize that everyone could have made it through every test alive. only one key was needed to unlock each neck restrained in the first trap, the bomb shelters had room for two in the second trap, and each person could have sustained a mild electric shock to complete the circuit in the third trap. in the final test, each could have given just two pints of blood and easily lived. brit and malek realized the aim of their game was to work together and to help keep all five alive. unlike survival of the fittest, as they had all fought with no other options, the two remaining survivors begin sawing their arms in an attempt to fill the beaker meant for five with ten pints of their blood. just as brit and malik fill the beaker with blood, finishing the final test, fbi agent named eriksen arrives at the scene. both pass out from blood losses. ericsson finds them and calls for backup. it appears as though brit survived and malek did not. strom follows hoffman to a new location, possibly hoffman's house. it is revealed that the house is the same one from saw two, where the group game took place. the house has since been refurbished and made livable. strom follows hoffman into the house and finds the trapdoor leading to the underground structure of the house, passing the bathroom, its door sealed. closed. strom finds a new room and enters it. inside the room is a transparent box filled with broken glass and a recording featuring hoffman's voice rather than jigsaws. hoffman urges strom to have trust and to get into the box. he'll be hurt, but has a chance at life. strom shuts off the tape. when he hears hoffman walking in the distance behind him, strom hides behind the door, and shortly after, hoffman walks into the room. while strom approaches hoffman from behind, holding him at gunpoint. following an altercation, strong shoves hoffman into the box, sealing him in. hoffman signals for strom to play the rest of the tape. the rest of the tape plays and explains the rest of the rules to strong, making him realize he would have lived if he had gotten into the box, stating that if he wouldn't, the room would become his tomb and he would simply vanish. the walls begin to close in on the room. as the glass box lowers into the floor, safe from the enclosing walls, strom attempts to break into the glass box by shooting it and trying to pull it open. but the glass material is impenetrable. strom starts shouting at hoffman, i know who you are. soon the walls come close enough for strong to attempt to climb up to the ceiling and escape by the roof filter. however, it is too late, and he becomes slowly crushed by the walls, while hoffman watches strom getting crushed from down below. with all evidence planted to frame strom for being the next jigsaw accomplice. hoffman is now able to continue his work as jigsaw's surviving apprentice undetected, leaving the jigsaw legacy pinpointed at strom, who is in fact, dead. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 