welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, we're covering servant on appletv. servant has been a pretty crazy show. the entire run has been laced with head-scratching moments, massive twists and turns, and the final episode didn't pull any punches when it came to some big reveals. chances are you have a hell of a lot of questions. and throughout this video, we'll be breaking down everything you need to know about the show and it's ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the finale yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of servant. do you know? okay, so servant follows a Philadelphia couple named Sean and Dorothea. Sean is a highly sought after chef, and Dorothea is a well-known news reporter. and whilst both look like they've made it on the surface, the pair are actually going through a lot in the aftermath of losing Ness and Jericho, Dorothy had a complete breakdown and went into a state of Catania. in order to pull her out this, Sean had to resort to using a reborn doll. is part of a technique known as transitory object therapy. Dorothea believed that this doll was a real baby, and this seemed to work, giving her a new lease on life. they didn't announce the death to anyone except Dorothy's father and brother, Julian, and thus very few people know the truth. Sean loved his wife so much that he went along with the entire thing, and the two hired a living care giver named Leon to come and look after the doll. now where the season started to get complex is that Liana's well a little bit weird. initially, she seemed to believe that Jericho was real and played into the big fantasy at work with Dorothy. the doll was creepy as hell. but one day Sean discovered the impossible. the doll had seemingly turned into a real baby. and the season is pretty much centered around what the character should do with this, where the baby comes from and what is really going on with Leon. it's been an awesome ride. and every week has been stranger and stranger. I've loved watching the theories over the season, with people throwing their wild guesses out there. and whether it was the things that played out on-screen or the internet community itself, the season definitely made you think. some theories have been true, some theories have been false. but what kept us coming back is that the show wasn't quick at giving any answers. however, we do finally know a lot of the ins and outs, including one of the biggest mysteries, which is, how did Jericho die? initially, it was leaked that he was quote-unquote, cooked. and this had people online going wild, believing that Sean may have accidentally done it during one of his many chef's moments in the show. though this turned out to be true in some ways, it wasn't as extreme as we all thought. and it was revealed that Dorothy actually left Jericho in a car on a hot day, and the baby died because of this. Dorothy was pretty much handling all of the parenting herself while Sean was away working on a TV show. and the big reveal showcased how exhausting it was being in an unbalanced parent relationship, where one person works all the time, and the other has to struggle with the day-to-day. it was kind of heartbreaking seeing this happen. and though the big reveal wasn't as gory or as shocking as some fans were initially hoping for, it did fit Thome with the show. however, that doesn't mean that everything was straightforward. and the season did tease that something supernatural was going on. Sean began finding splinters and wood in his body. his ability to taste disappeared, and LeAnn seemed to be at the center of it. in episode 5, titled the cricket, we actually saw a member of the titular insect family be killed and resurrected. and this sparked up theories that the living baby, which was initially thought to be Leanne's, was actually Jericho reborn. now there has been a lot of back and forth on this, with some believing that the doll, in fact, was brought to life by LeAnn, whilst others believe that it was just a baby that she smuggled in in a suitcase. both theories were strangers each other, with it seeming very unlikely that LeAnn had managed to find a couple who had just lost their child without them even really advertising for it. juxtaposing this her ability to resurrect someone from the dead could make her seem pretty godly. now, we did sort of get answers to this in the finale, or at least enough to interpret things our own way. I'll get into this in just a bit, as we discussed the ending of the season. as for the show itself, M night Shyamalan, as always, masterfully laces everything with an atmosphere, a creepiness to it. and because of this, the servant is really easy to get addicted to. you though it has a relatively small cast, servant uses each of its actors expertly, and they all bring a lot to the table. Shawn, played by Toby Kebbell, is pretty much the eyes of the audience as they go on this ride. and Dorothy is the other extreme of that, and able to assess what's really going on. and thus you're basically watching a man in an impossible situation and trying to save his marriage from a girl that has the potential to bring it all crashing down. the aunts uncles also popped up to try and call a home, and he made one hell of an entrance. this is not the kind of guy that you want to have run for dinner. and he and his wife play a big part in the finale. episode 10 opens with Shawn preparing the placenta for a meal. and for the final cooking scene of the season, it definitely felt like a fitting end. it's been in the fridge since Jericho's birth. and this liked the episode. it shows that everything is going to be laid out here. he serves it up to a group. and, yep, I'm never ever going to one of these ever. I can promise you that. it turns out they're throwing a party for Jericho's baptism. I want to say baptism. in the UK, we will call it a christening. so, yeah, let me know if I'm wrong. and Dorothy hasn't held back on the invitations. and many of her friends and family members come to the house, including a child who snuck in and brought doll with her. the child is taken home later in the episode by a mother, much in the same way that Leon eventually is. and there's sort of a setup here of watching someone go back at the home and taking it all with them. Dorothy catches up to the child. and when talking to her, she rebuffs the idea that a doll isn't real. and upon calling it Pamela, she hits a chord with Dorothy, who finally realizes that she's been playing with a doll too. now it's fine that a kid would think the doll is real, as they're probably just playing make-believe. but for Dorothy, it has severe repercussions as she realizes the reality of the situation. to make matters worse, Leanne's uncle was spotted at the church, and they've snuck into the house. throughout the season, we've seen people wandering around the property, and it turns out that all of these people were connected to Leon and our auntie and uncle. the Anne catch is a rant with Jericho. and her uncle goes Deshawn for the blackmail money, but he rejects it, saying he wants them back. it turns out the ants, auntie and uncle were part of an extremist religious cult who raised her after the death of a family. the cult, known as the Church of the lesser Saints, believed that the rapture is coming, and have forced LeAnn to live a very sheltered life, similar to Shaun taking in the mysterious, resurrected Jericho. they took her in and raised her as their own. we did learn earlier in the season that LeAnn had met Dorothy as a child, and she became obsessed with her. from this point onwards, Leeanne fled from the family, and they were able to track her to Dorothy and Shaun because they knew of a love for the character. in the episode, Leanne's uncle says that she likes to please people she loves and heard people she doesn't. so because of her feelings for Dorothy, she somehow gave Jericho back to her. the way that I took it is that this love allowed her to turn this doll into a real child and provide Dorothy with the thing that she wanted most in the world. juxtaposing this, Leon is capable of hurting people that she doesn't like, and we see this reflected in Sean, who, throughout the season, has lost his ability to taste. Sean cares about being a chef above all else, and the death of Jericho can somewhat be blamed upon his choice of work over his family. so in the end, Leon saw removing his census as a fitting punishment for the character. Sean breaks down to Leanne's uncle and confesses that now what he actually wants more than anything is his son back. and this shows growth in the character and a change of his priorities. he accepts that Leon brought Jericho back to life, and realizes that if he removes it from the house, then his son is gonna go with her. Sean says he knows his own child when he holds him. and for me, this adds more weight to the theory that LeAnn was able to return him. Leanne's aunt and may shout at spider-man, forces LeAnn to come home, claiming that Leon is a servant and not Dorothy's. Dorothy recognizes that may, but she doesn't remember exactly where from. and tell she reviews footage of a news report that she did in which she reported on the cult during a police standoff, they were seemingly able to escape. and this is likely when Leanne left. the report sends alarm bells ringing, and she rushes to Leanne's room to find her gone. and in Jericho's room, that doll is back in the crib. Leanne has returned to her family, and they creepily wait for her outside. they have a massive embrace in the street, with all of them completely enveloping her. for me, this once more showcases that she was of high importance to them and that her abilities do indeed exist. they disappear, much like their escape from the authorities. and is possible that they've gone to the rapture. the rapture is a concept within Christianity that states, during a specific event that may or may not be the end of the world, that all Christians who are alive will rise into the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. it is possible that the cult members died in the explosion, but Leanne was able to resurrect them, and their disappearing act could signify this. as for the disappearance of Jericho, well, you can pretty much take it one of two ways. if you don't believe that Leanne has supernatural abilities, and the group just fled after noticing the police, then is possible that she merely took the real Jericho with her and left a doll in its place. a group like that would draw suspicion, and clearly they did from the policeman, who even backed up to see what they were up to. you so it is possible that they noticed the squad car and either left a hit, they'd have to run faster than Usain Bolt. but it isn't outside the realms of possibility. however, if you lean mourn with a supernatural side of things, then Leanne leaving has also taken Jericho's soul with her. perhaps through religion, she was able to gain, he's almost christ-like abilities. and if so, I can see the second season centering around Shawn and Dorothy trying to get her back. Shawn can now not feel any pain, and thus he will likely be able to push himself to the limit in order to get the child back. lianna's also clearly taught on a position in the cult, and I don't think it would take much to persuade her to return to Shawn and Dorothy, as she clearly found a home that she wanted to be in, and by the end, they wanted her to. it was an incredible way to end the show, and I can't wait to see what happens down the line. servant was a great season. that thing stands strong as one of Apple TV's best entries. it was a bit up and down at times, but overall, it kept me coming back to it week after week, wanting to know more. this isn't an easy task, and it's been great going into each episode not knowing what to expect. I feel like we've got some satisfying answers for the end of the season, as well as a lot of plot threads that will make people come back for season two. and yeah, I had a hell of a lot of fun with it. there isn't really anything out there quite like it. and if you were unsure on the show, then I definitely recommend that you check it out. it's unique in both its subject matter and storytelling, and that's why it gets an 8.5 out of 10 now, obviously. and love to hear your thoughts on the season and its finale, so comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you check out our breakdown of the first two episodes of The Outsider, which are going to be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the show. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you can support us by subscribing to us on patreon. and if you want to come chat to us after the video. you can join our discord server in the description below, or follow us on twitter at definition whitey. i also just want to let you know we're currently giving away a free copy of dr. slick to one random subscriber. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and servant in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February, and the cell be shipped out from the NT. over gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 