[Music]. nine years ago, following the events of Toy Story 2, Bo Peep and woody attempt a rescue RC and ease, remote-controlled car from a rainstorm. just as they finished the rescue, what he watches as Bo is donated to a new owner and considers going with her, but ultimately decides to remain with Andi. years later, a teenage and he donates them to Bonnie, a younger child, before he goes off to college. while the toys are grateful to have a new child, woody struggles to adapt to an environment where he is not the favorite, as he was with Andi, a parent, when Bonnie takes Woody's sheriff badge and puts it on Jessie instead, not even bothering to give him a role during her playtime. on the day of Bonnie's kindergarten orientation, what, he worries over her and sneaks into her backpack. after a classmate takes away Bonnie's arts and crafts supplies, woody covertly recovers the materials and various pieces of garbage from the trash, including a plastic spork. Bonnie uses these to create a toy spork with googly eyes, whom she names for key. for key comes to life in Bonnie's backpack and begins to experience an existential crisis, thinking he has garbage rather than a toy, and wishing to remain in a trash can. as for key becomes Bonnie's favorite toy. what? he takes it upon himself to prevent forky from throwing himself away. when Bonnie's family goes on a road trip, for key jumps out of the RV window. and what he pursues him after what, he explains how important he is to Bonnie. for he decides to accompany woody and returned to her. near the RV park where Bonnie's family is staying. Woody spots Bo Peep Schlampe in an antique store window and goes in, hoping to find her. inside, he and forkie encounter a talking doll named Gabby. Gabby who desires Woody's voice box to replace her broken one. while woody is able to escape, Gabby captures for ki had a playground nearby. woody is reunited with Bo Peep, who now live as lost toys that aren't dedicated to one child. bo agrees to help what he save for ki, and get back to Bonnie. meanwhile, buzz searches for woody, but becomes lost at a fairground and becomes a carnival game prize. he escapes with plush toys ducky and bunny, and they meet up with woody and Bo with help of pocket toy cop giggle, Mik dimples and stuntman toy Duke kaboom, they unsuccessfully tried to rescue four key from Gabby, her ventriloquist puppet henchman and the store owners cat. in the aftermath of the failed rescue, beau and the other toys argue over whether to go back. what he declares that rescuing four key is his remaining purpose. and tells beau that being loyal is something at lost toy wouldn't understand alone. what he encounters Gabby again, who expresses her longing for a child's love. what he sympathizes with her and willingly trades his voice box for four key. the toys part ways. but what he watches Gabby as she is rejected by her ideal owner, harmony. woody comforts a heartbroken Gabby and invites her to become one of Bonnie's toys. beau returns with the others to help and reconciles with woody. they head for the carnival. while forky fetches buzz and Bonnie's toys, they interfere with the RV's controls, forcing Bonnie's father to drive back to the carnival. when Gabby sees a crying girl lost in the carnival, she decides instead to become that child's toy, giving the child confidence to approach a security guard and be reunited with her parents at the carousel. woody and beau share a bittersweet goodbye, but what, he is hesitant to leave beau again. after buzz tells woody that Bonnie will be okay even without him, what, he decides to stay with beau instead of returning to Bonnie. what? he passes his sheriff badge over to Jesse and bids a heartfelt farewell to his friends. woody and beau begin a life together with ducky, bunny, giggle and Duke, dedicated to finding new owners for lost toys. on her first day of first grade, Bonnie creates a second impromptu toy out of a plastic knife, who suffers the same existential crisis as forky. once did, who immediately becomes smitten with her. you 