Welcome back to the Storyline of Maxx channel. Chanel who recaps the storyline of a movie for all of you. Thank you for those of you who have subscribed, who have not subscribed, please subscribe because this channel will upload videos every day. Without further ado, let's just jump right into the story. Enjoy watching!. This movie begins with being shown a beautiful woman named Needy. Needy is being held in a mental hospital. Because he has mental problems and also quick to anger. While in the mental hospital, Needy often injured the nurses and the guards there. She was also often put in isolation. Before getting sick and being put in a mental hospital, Needy is a very smart nerdy woman. Although smart, Needy is also often considered a strange woman by her friends at school. Needy lives in a small town called Devil's Kettle, she has a boyfriend named Chip, and also a best friend named Jennifer. Jennifer is a beautiful and sexy woman. Jennifer and Needy have been friends since they were little until now. They are like siblings, so their school friends think that they are a lesbian couple. One day, Jennifer takes Needy to a bar, which is called Melody Lane. Where, Jennifer's favorite band will perform. that night they both finally arrived at the Bar. they both chatted with the band's vocalist. As Jennifer goes to get a drink, Needy overhears a conversation from the band members saying that Jennifer is no longer a virgin. An annoyed Needy then approached the band members, and said that, Jennifer is still a virgin. after Jennifer arrives, Needy then tells her that the band members are bad people. when the event took place, everything went normally as usual. Here, Jennifer looks very happy, because she saw the band she likes in person. Suddenly, Needy saw a fire appearing on the stage. Needy and Jennifer immediately ran out of the bar. Arriving outside, the two of them were approached by the band's vocalist. She's Jennifer to get in her car. Needy tried to stop her best friend from leaving, but Jennifer insisted to go, and asked Needy to be quiet and not to interfere with her business. Needy was also worried about Jennifer, because she felt the members of this band was not a good person. Then Arriving home, Needy called her boyfriend named Chip, and told about the fire incident at the bar earlier. and she also shared that Jennifer had left with the band's vocalist, making him very angry and worried. suddenly, a voice came to Needy's house. Then Needy checked who had come, it turned out that the one who had come to his house was Jennifer. Here, Needy feels strange with his best friend. Because, Jennifer's body was covered in blood and her face looked pale. While in the house, Jennifer eats raw meat from Needy's refrigerator. After eating, Jennifer threw up a lot of black liquid like oil. Needy who saw that was very surprised. after that, Jennifer immediately left Needy without speaking a word. on the next day, it looks like all the students feel very sad about the fire that broke out in the bar, which killed many people. On the other hand, it looks like Needy is still thinking about his best friend Jennifer last night. not long after that, came Jennifer who approached Needy fine. Needy, who was still confused, asked her friend about what happened last night, when she came to her house in a strange state. Jennifer then said to Needy, maybe it was just a hallucination. After school, Needy told Chip everything, If last night Jennifer came to her house, like someone possessed by an evil spirit. hearing the story, Chip thought his girlfriend was making it up. in a different place, showing Jennifer who is heading to Jonas who is still sad, because her best friend died in a fire last night. With her beauty and sexiness, Jennifer seduces Jonas, and invites Jonas to go to the forest. Jonas who was already aroused agreed to Jennifer's request. and they both went to the middle of the forest. Arriving in the middle of the forest, Jonas who was already aroused thought that the two of them would do a cultural performance or do having sex. However, here Jennifer turns into a scary figure who then bites and eats Jonas. a teacher who heard Jonas scream then thought, that Jonas might be venting his sadness. The teacher immediately rushed to meet him. Arriving in the forest, the teacher was even surprised by the condition of Jonas who had died in a very pathetic condition. Jonas's body was seen to be torn apart and the contents of his stomach came out. On the other hand, after killing Jonas, Jennifer's face looks more beautiful and sexy. The scene also moves to Chip, who is calling Needy, to meet and talk about Jonas's death which was very gruesome. Needy was shocked, and said that the bad things that happened in this city, are not coincidences. a month after the fire incident, and also the death of Jonas, Jennifer's body is seen increasingly disfigured, her hair is falling out, and her face is very pale. On the way home from school, Needy's friend, Colind, tries to get Jennifer to go out with him. At first, Jennifer refused. however, after Needy told Jennifer that Colind was quite handsome. then Jennifer wants a date with Colind. That night, Colin was seen heading to Jennifer's house to date her, strangely the place he visited looked like an empty house that was uninhabited. Colind arrived at Jennifer's. Inside her house, Jennifer teases Colin for a treat. Then, while having sex, it turned out that Jennifer used the opportunity to eat Colind and tore him to death. Elsewhere, Needy is also seen who is having sex with her boyfriend. Then Needy felt that something bad was going on, and made her unfocused. Needy then rushed home. and, on the way home Needy saw Jennifer in the middle of the road covered in blood. when she got home, Needy then locked the door of her house and immediately entered the house, and she thought about Jennifer's condition that looks strange lately. Then, Needy rushed to his room. suddenly, Needy was surprised by Jennifer who was in her room in good condition. Meanwhile, on the way, Needy saw Jennifer who was related by blood. Later, Jennifer told Needy about her current state. It started when Jennifer was asked to go out with band members a few years ago. At first, Jennifer thought that she was invited to having sex. In fact, the members of the band invited him to go to the middle of the forest to perform a devil worship near a waterfall. the band members are satanists. The purpose of the band members coming to Jennifer's city is to find the body of a virgin girl, to be sacrificed to the devil so that their band will be more famous. at first it went well, and the band grew in popularity. However, when Jennifer becomes the victim, the ritual goes awry. And apparently, Jennifer has not been a virgin since she was in middle school. Jennifer did not die and instead the demon resided in Jennifer's body. Here, Jennifer is actually dead. But because, already possessed by a demon that made her rise from the dead. Because Jennifer is dead, Jennifer must eat a human body, so that she can be beautiful again. and she also told Needy that the night she came to her house, was just to scare her. After hearing Jennifer's story, Needy felt sad, because she could not save Jennifer. Jennifer then tells Needy that she will hurt Needy, who is her best friend. and she also added, that when she was full, she would return to her original form to be beautiful and stronger than before. here, Jennifer shows Needy when her hand is injured, her hand will soon heal without the slightest scar. Needy then asked Jennifer to go home. The next day, while at school, Needy goes to the library to find out what happened to Jennifer. Here, Needy knows that Jennifer has become a succubus. This Succubus, Requires human flesh to become stronger. and the way to kill these succubus, is to stab their heart when they are weak. after knowing this, Needy then met her boyfriend and told him about it. Needy also asks Chip not to come to the dance party. because there, Jennifer will find prey for her to eat. After listening to Needy's story, Chip still couldn't believe it. and assumed Needy was making up a story. Chip left Needy, disappointed in him. In story short, the dance party arrived. Needy set out alone to keep an eye on Jennifer. After arriving, Needy did not find Jennifer in that place. elsewhere, in Show Chip going to the dance alone. Chip walks alone to school. Suddenly, Chip is blocked by Jennifer. She told Chip that Needy had cheated on Colind without his knowledge. Hearing this, Chip felt very sad and disappointed in Needy. Then Jennifer took Chip to a quiet place. When he got there, Jennifer threw him into the pond for him to eat. Needy, who is at the dance, feels her lover is in danger. Later, Needy rushes to Chip's house. However, Chip's mother said that Chip had gone to the dance. Hearing this, Needy then ran to find out where Chip was. Not long after, Needy managed to find Jennifer who was eating Chip's body. Needy, who saw this, immediately tried to save him. Soon after that, Jennifer was caught off guard, then was stabbed by Chip which made Jennifer hurt and ran away from them. Chip who lost a lot of blood was finally died. Needy is also sad to get ready to find Jennifer and take revenge for her boyfriend's death. After Needy found Jennifer, a fight broke out between these two friends. Then, Needy stabbed her best friend in the heart, killing her. Instantly, Jennifer's mother who heard the noise in Jennifer's room came to her room. Jennifer's mother looks shocked to see Jennifer died at the hands of Needy. Then, Needy was taken to a mental hospital. in the end, we are shown that Needy can fly. Because, Needy got a bite wound from Jennifer which made Needy have some demonic powers. Needy uses her powers to get out of the mental hospital. Then, Needy rushes to find the band members at the beginning of the movie, and kills all the members. And the movie ends. Thank you to all of you who have listened to this storyline to the end. Don't forget to like, subscribe and press the bell button, because maxx will upload videos every day. long 