welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka the predictor that definitely couldn't have predicted the ending of this episode, because, damn. so there's a lot to talk about in this drama heavy episode of agents, and throughout this video, we'll be going over our theories, predictions and discussing the things you might have missed. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns on the show week by week. without further ado, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our breakdown of episode 6. ok. so we open with the chronicles leader, the predictor, looking over the timestream. the chronicles are sick of taking ELLs. and the predictor, or Sibyl, discusses how the timeline always adjusts to create new and branching paths. so though the agents may have beaten them at every single turn, that doesn't mean that there are new opportunities for them to change things. they do this by ominously activating all the other hunters that they have in their arsenal, and they send them after shield, in a very, very nice twist. now at the Lighthouse, main Coulson have been captured and they taken to Ric stoner, who, yeah, I can't not hear Gio from Family Guy when he talks. now, whilst the Zephyr has the ability to cloak, it turns out that stoner can track them due to an advanced system that was gifted to him by Malick. this was obviously given to him by the chronic comms. and I love how they're pretty much equipping the past with the weapons in tech that they need to fight the agents in advance. onboard the Zephyr, Mac is angered by deke killing Malick. and to make matters worse, Daisy and Sousa are missing, and his parents are still in a Cell at the Lighthouse. now last week we said that the chronic comms purposely chose his parents out of everyone because he would definitely save them over the mission. and from the prologue, I think they also knew that he would immediately try and rescue them, which is what the predictor was talking about in regards to new opportunities. Malik had nothing but happy memories over the Bicentennial in the original timeline. and shows that the villains know the agents really well. I think the predictor might link back to them in some way. and she just seems like such a weird character that wouldn't be surprised if she was related to somebody on board the Zephyr. actually thought that for just a split second that she might be Mac and yoyos kid, but we'll wait a while before discussing that theory so I don't look even more stupid than I do. now, speaking of Mac, Henry Simmons, who plays the character, turned 50 yesterday. Wow. and yet, looking good. looking very good, mate. now, other birthdays include Daisy Johnson, who, in the show, turns 32 on the 2nd of July. so lots of things to celebrate besides the Bicentennial. and happy birthday, Henry and Daisy. and, Oh, Daisy's not a real person. now, Mac and yo-yo head out to bring the pain to them for once the lighthouse is put into lockdown due to the chronic calms AI. they lock onto the Zephyr and fire missiles at it, which lead to the action scene that we saw in the trailer last week. though the agents prepare themselves for extrude juice, they're still hit. and this damages the Zephyr to the point that if they jump again, they'll be torn apart. I'll talk about this later in the video, but it does give us some clues as to what's going on with Simmons. elsewhere, Daisy and Sousa have been tied up, and she's unable to use her powers due to being drugged. Nathaniel shows up, and though it seems like he's part of Hydra initially, he's actually working outside of them. his goals are very simple, and all he wants to do is transfer Daisy's powers into him and Daniel's, which he believes is slower aging. but as we know, he's just been time traveling. now, using Daniel Whitehall's theories, he's come up with a method to do this. and if you've not seen the other series, then here's a quick catch up on who Daniel is. the second world war, he worked on the Red Skull for Hydra and was captured in 1945. the character experimented on Inhumans. and because of his work on one core GA Yin, aka, Daisy's mother, he was able to da Jim self in the original timeline. he was freed in 1989 by Hydra and became a villain in the show. now, back at the lighthouses, stoner starts to interrogate Coulson in May, who try and tell him about the Chronicles, but it falls on deaf ears. however, made you - her empathy abilities picks up that something is not right with one of the agents that comes to visit them, and thus they conclude that she's a chronic calm. we discovered that this was her first assignment. and we learn that the chronic comms Scimitar Coulson, have found a way to upload human personalities into synthetic bodies, and thus they can control people. I love how there's this sort of invasion of the body snatchers vibe to this episode, with the chronic comms slowly replacing all of shield with their own, one by one. on board the Zephyr, Simmons tries to fix the control panel, but you can't remember how to do it. now we learned that Simmons actually has a memory suppressant and a spine called Diane that will hide where Fitz really is. we learned that Fitz is monitoring everything about the chronic comms in a location that allows him to see all that they can do. and Gemma knows that he's there, but they've hidden this from her, just in case she's caught. now sometimes when I make a video and put alive, I immediately start coming up with things that I should have said in it. and within the first five minutes of uploading the last breakdown, I started theorizing instantly. and I've waited for a week to talk about my new theory. that is that we still don't know this truth about Jemma. so we do know that Jemma and Fitz spent a long, long, long time working together on the Zephyr and Coulson, and yet they don't seem to have aged. actually think that Jemma is incredibly old and that she has, in fact, gained dementia, and this is why she's forgetting things. she says that Enoch was fixing her memory. and thus I think this implant is to actually help her remember things, rather than to make her forget them. as for Fitz, because he's not onboard the zephyr, he's likely taking the long way around and going through all of the decades in normal time. thus I do think that when we come face-to-face with him, he will be extremely old. that's just my theory for the moment. and it would explain how Jemma isn't really aging. and I think the implant is doing a lot to her. maybe Diane stands for dementia implant and neurotic engineer. Ora. you know, they love their anagrams. but I do think that we still haven't uncovered the full truth with her. obviously, let me know your thoughts below. but that's the theory that I'm leaning towards. this week. at the Lighthouse, Mac and yoyo break into the former's parent cell and Mac hugs his mother, which his dad hilariously stops him from doing. Mac, or more introduces yo-yo as his girlfriend. and it's a hilarious scene, even if it does kind of leave things pretty messed up by the end of the episode. he and his father end up working together because of a lock being similar to a car, and as we know, Mac worked on vehicles a lot with his brother when he was growing up. mae\xc3\xadn Coulson gets a STONER, and there's a nice little line where the chronic calms, talked about removing his face after Stone a request set to be taken off the AI. now, we did say that we thought Donna would create the message that would appear in the lighthouse in the future. as people have had questions over this for a while, and how exactly he knew what was going on when the message was recorded in the past, it looks like all that he was was the face of the AI, and this was adapted to the agents arrive in there, and it created the message. so now, unfortunately, we don't get a cool moment where they tell him about the future. a STONER believes them after seeing things firsthand. and Coulson descends into the basement where he comes face-to-face with a predictor. a Nathaniel's born. he begins to take blood from Daisy, and this leaves her at death's door. Sousa really cares for her on comforter she hangs in there. and I'm telling you, I'm shipping Sousa and Skye right now. I really want the guy to get some happiness. and I do think that they left him single for a reason. Daisy is single too, and maybe he had to get out of time to be with the one that he loved, just like how Steve did. he talks about his time on the front line and realizes that Daisy managed to hide her metal-shod in the hand, which, yeah, I wasn't expecting it to be that graphic. Suzy uses this to stab one of Nathaniel's henchmen, and Malik shows up with his newly acquired quake powers. however, he's unable to fully control them, and Sousa and Daisy managed to get away. Coulson meets with the predictor through their synthetic, digital world, and she explains how she doesn't actually see the future, she just sees the past, and this is how she's able to adjust and change things. so well, they want earth to ensure the survival of their species. and the reason that they've chosen the planet is because, due to time, humans act irrationally. whilst alive as chronicles do not face time, they act much better than we do. however, they're not willing to also do the more positive things that humans do, such as making sacrifices and never giving up. Collison also says that dying is a superpower. before exiting the VR simulation and destroying all of the new hunters that were replacing the shield agents. Coulson dies again. but I mean, the guy, he pretty much says that he can't die, like he actually says that. so, yeah, he's coming back. it'll probably be another time jump. but I bet that Simmons has a copy of him. so, yeah, I'm not too worried. stone ax tries to chat me up. who shuts him down with the level seven body slam? and she shakes his hand, probably feeling the raging hard a love that he has for heard as Mac &amp; Co X at the base may senses that Mac's father is a chronic calm and to make matters worse, his mother is too. it's a completely crazy twist. but since taking their personalities and makes sense that they were able to fool everyone so much. it turns out that they'd abducted Mac's parents for a while. and hearing his dad say that he harvested his father's skin, it's really messed up. Mac manages to kill his robot parents. and what this does to the timestream, we don't know yet. but clearly Mac's life will be very, very different. the border Zephyr, everyone heals up, including Daisy, who's put into a chamber. Sousa decides to say with that, I'm telling you, they're gonna be together. the group jumped to an uncertain future, and Mac rides out on a motorbike to go and get some air. deke goes out to check on him, and we get another huge twist, which is that the Zephyr time jumps again, leaving them stuck in whatever decade. this is hikes. now we will be talking about the trailer for next week. so have you done anything wound? then I recommend that you turn off. now. I have had comments in the past saying not to just jump into it. so yeah, this is your time to jump out now. it's gonna be set in 1982, and we'll focus on deacon mac returning to the lighthouse and partying it up. we also see that Coulson left them a message, which means that he is indeed alive, we just don't know where. my guess is that he shows up at the end of the episode. and it looks like the chronic comms have infiltrated the tech at the base and have made the rocky for looking robot turn into the Terminator. either way, there's a lot to look forward to. and the show just keeps getting better and better, in my opinion. now, obviously, I'd loved hear your thoughts on the fifth episode. - make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you missed our analysis of any of the other episodes, then make sure you check them out. after this, I'm going to support the channel from his letters, 99 cents a month. then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you're gonna catch us after the show either follow us at heavy spoilers, you'll click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty come on the MCU infinity saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July. and this that'll be shipped out from the end to ever gets the price. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. Cheers. you 