welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode six. we start with our villain, virginia, chasing down someone in the woods. turns out the end is the beginning. graffiti has been popping up around places lately, and virginia's trying to find out what it is. this woman is part of that group. but rather than tell she shoots herself. whoa. now this episode follows june as our main character. remember, she was transferred to lawton so she could be with her husband, john dory. but as the best doctor they've got, she's been assigned to the mobile medical truck. and sarah, our group's trucker friend, is her driver, assistant slash bodyguard. this guy's appendix is bursting, which is bad news in the zombie apocalypse. but june thinks she can handle it. unfortunately, they were too late getting here. he dies and almost instantly comes back to zombie will. yeah. june is burnt out. she's barely been able to help anyone because by the time she gets the call and gets there, texas is a big place, she's always too late. she really wants virginia to build a hospital in a central location, but virginia's like, nah, i'm not about that. by the way, if you remember the augiesale side plot from the bad seasons, sarah is trying to be a brewer and distiller. she's made some vodka, but it is not good. anyway, they're off to their next mission, and the ranger escorting them is jun's husband, john dory. but after his episode, when john realized virginia's a lying, bad guy, he's like, june, i can't stay here anymore. let's run away right now, back to my cabin. june's not sure about this, besides the fact that virginia would hunt them down, all of their friends are still here, or they should stick around try to make it better. but john's committed, so she's like, alright, jon, let's go. except just then an emergency calls come in from tank town. yeah, the oil well. it's our friend luciana on the radio. yeah. she's in charge over there, having the most experience as an oil driller. they can't abandon her. they gotta go this one last mission, then will leave. so they make it to tank town, and there's a ton of injured people. apparently they were drilling a new well, and it exploded. virginia herself shows up. she's like, hey, i'm here to help and also find out what happened. so we're back at the oil well. and the accident has oil raining from the sky. it's a pretty cool setting. and indeed, someone has graffiti. the end is the beginning here. yeah, this was no accident. among the injured people is wes, one of our group who taught alicia how to spray paint trees. ugh. besides that, though, he's a pretty good character. and unfortunately, he's got shrapnel in the belly. just then a zombie attacks and they take it out. but wait, it scratched june real bad. someone duct taped razor blades to the zombie's fingers. what. anyway, they're gonna get west back to the medical truck, but virginia's like, hey, we've got some questions for him. first, we found spray paint in his trunk. it's like, yeah, girl, i'm an artist. that's my whole thing. i don't know anything about this. and just the beginning stuff. but virginia won't let them move until she interrogates them. she's pressing down on his wounds to make him talk. she really seems not to know anything, though. so finally, june gives him the tranquilizer and they're moving him to the truck. unfortunately, someone they already put in there died, turned into a zombie, started eating all the other ones. oh, they're not saving anyone today. in the big zombie fight, june's like, yo, i got this. get the truck out of here. just then, though, the wind shifts, the fire's moving. oh, no. big explosion. virginia and june made it to cover. but when jenny wakes up, oh, a zombie's on top of her. she's fighting him off, but no, she got bit. being a hardcore zombie apocalypse survivor, ginny knows it's time to amputate that hand, but june takes the ex away, like, hey, you're a bad person. i think i'm just going to let you die. they have a bit of a scuffle, but june gets the upper hand. while she's holding ginny, she talks the rest of the gang through the surgery to save wes. then jenny and june have a real heart to heart. virginia's all like, hey, i know you think i'm the bad guy, but everything i do is to keep people safe. i'm not evil. i'm just a hardcore pragmatist that does what needs to be done to ensure our future. jun's like, i don't believe you. i'm still gonna kill you. but then jenny starts crying, talking about her little sister, dakota. like, fine, just please take care of her. this reaches june. she decides, oh, fine. what the heck? let's amputate so our villain, virginia's lost a hand, always a cool thing that happens to a character. merle got a sweet knife. maybe virginia will too. they get out of there safely, but tank town, unfortunately, is beyond repair. no more in limited gasoline for these people anymore. are crews all like, yo, jun, why did you save ginny? should have just let her die. but jun's like, okay, something good came out of it. she agreed to build us a hospital and allowed to come work with us in it. is sarah's brother, wendell. yeah, cool truck. a guy in the wheelchair. but now john comes up like, hey, i've got the car packed. let's get out of here. and june's like, yo, i just got a hospital. i've got to stay john's like, june, virginia tricked you. she's bad to the core. i can't stay here anymore. but jun's committed. she's like, john, i've run away too many times before. we've got to stay here and try to make the world better. so as the gang's all headed back, john takes the scouting detour. he was gonna go on with june, and they were gonna bail and run. and it looks like he still might bail and run even without june. well, what's gonna happen? find out next time on fear the walking dead. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you'd love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 