before i begin, let me start by saying, when you love someone, you spend your years worshipping that fool, just to end up losing your looks, losing your damn mind and being buried alone while she run off with another man or two. let's start our movie today is captain louis renault, all center, the pain only invisible. man. your choice. play. our story begins with a night at the opera. i mean, what the hell did you expect? this movie ain't called phantom mother roxbury. see all these women in the audience done drag day mans to see this wannabe muffin who looking more like a talk to me. and look, you can't blame the ladies for wanting to take in a little eye candy of their own. after all them nights their men force them to spend at the titty bar. i'm assuming if you just look down into the pit, you'll see the real stud muffin of this film, michelle eric claudiane. so introducing christine dubois, who's supposed to be a french opera singer, but she sounded awfully american to me. you see, she got the hots for men in tights, so she gets called into the principal's office to get a little lecture about how she needs to be more like the independent women throw your hands up at me and forget all about what it'd be like to taste that top. fast forward to after the opera, where eric runs into his crush. and you know how you spend hours at home swearing to the great phantom in the sky that the next time you see your crush you're not gonna say something weird? but then when you see him, you'll be like, hey, how you been? you look well. you've been eating enough. you take a duty today. that might be what's causing that bloating. and they just walk away slowly so they don't hurt your feelings. now, eric been called into the principal's office too, but this ain't a lecture about life and love. no, it's all because his damn fingers, like his other old and useless appendages, done, gone a little limp in that old age. so he tries to fool the boss into believing he steals somebody by playing a little ditty about jack and dying. and the boss is like, well, that was lovely. now, flame is something else, like, you know, something that actually [ __ ] matters, but claudine can't. so he gets into early retirement with no pension, no social security and no retirement money. why? because his food been spending all his money on that young piece of tail. that's right, my friends, this sad little muffin with his limp biscuit been paying for christine's vocal lessons on the down low. so claudine is bummed, and he goes home to get nagged by this bit about how he ain't paid the landlady and around since the united states had a coherent president. so the next day he goes to have a little sit down with christine's vocal coach. and what does he overhear some misogynistic [ __ ] like, you know, you didn't sound so great today. it's probably because you're a woman. are you tired? take a duty. maybe on the rag. don't kill the messenger mama wrote that joke. all the man wants is for christine to keep getting her crooning lessons, while claudine tries to scrape together a few dollars by selling that little ditty he wrote off to the music publishers. see how this is right there? and what does he over here? some [ __ ] about how the main man in the joint ain't got no time to be meeting with losers with delusions of grandeur. then they take some [ __ ] from this fella who looks like he should be the mascot for some brand of refrigerated i'll can croissant. and what does he overhear folks playing his concerto in another room? and what doesn't he overhear the players saying how great the work is and how they all publish it? but because he's broke and paranoid and thinks his jingle's been jacked, he commits his first of a few homicides, all in the name of love. now this pissed me off. the bit already dead and you just splash and pull claw down with the acid to be petty. damn. this poor man's life just going from bad to worse. now his face gonna be all disfigured. he's on the run from the po-po with a whack mug. he gonna have to cover with a mask. ain't never gonna get no loving from that young muffin. oh, clawdam don't go washing your face in the duty water. now i know that [ __ ] burn, but you don't want to catch the typhoid. see, this is where love gets you. one minute you're running from the po-po, next you're sticking your face in the poo poo. oh lord, here we go. poor clawday hiding out, pining in the sewers for christine, while two men who ain't at the disadvantage of having their faces burnt off by petty [ __ ] get to play footsie with his woman. so in this scene, there's a bust the ballpark on the right. found it in claudine's room, but it was sculpted by the man in tights on the left. and then the popo gives it to christina's gift. and i don't know why you're giving away ain't yours, but i ain't about trying to get into the heads of these desperate fools. the bottom line is they think the stolen bus is a sign that claudine might be having his eye on christine's other bust. back at the opera house, the phantom doing phantom things, creeping in the shadows, whispering secrets to his favorite muffin about how he's gonna do sweet things for her and help her be the star of the show, things any man in love would do, like, oh, poison the prima donna so christine can sing. then kel said prima donna when she don't let his muffin get her deserved dues. and then kill her maid for being in the same damn room at the wrong damn time. and with christine's tartan causes golf tossing right in front of god and everybody, and writes scary notes to the owners of the opera house demanding christine get to be the star of the show, since, you know, the other lady already did and all might as well. so mr fancy pants thinks the best way to get claude ann out of the sewer, since i guess the odor of steaming human dung down there ain't enough, is to stab him in the back by having some chick other than christine do the howling and then perform claudine's own concerto, continuing to twist that knife into sad man's already broken heart. but you know, claude ain't got that mean streak. he done killed at least three people. might as well go for the quadra kill. so then claudine's like, okay, since you ain't gonna let christine sing, guess i might have to drop this chandelier on your noggins. there's a tiny saw, eric, you best put some elbow grease into it. there you go. then claudia makes christine believe he's one of the police, because i think the popo always run around in opera masks. and he's like, i'll play you that little ditty and you'll sing for me. and don't you fret not about the odor. in due time, it'll burn your olfactory nerves and you won't smell a thing. you won't even need deodorant or nothing. so with no respect for the deceased, under the weight of that big lamp that laying all up on the heads of some quite unfortunate opera patrons, the show must go on. and when claudine hears his music, that poor soul, he gets on the 88s and starts playing along, telling christine some [ __ ] like sing for me. and the todd and the popo are able to find christine and her man's all thanks to that ruckus they making down in that [ __ ] hole. and because the death and destruction hasn't been quite enough, to freak her the [ __ ] out. she insists on seeing what's beneath the mask. and then she starts screaming, no, she don't, but she should, because she sees where that bit splash claw down with the acid, just to be petty. but of course, the mustache meddlers gotta start. they damn homewrecking and parklaw dangerous, has to stand there and take a bumbling. then they stop for a little backstory about how clauden's concerto was based on some song from his village, which is also christine's childhood village, and how she was always drawn to him and pitted him, and how, even though he's about to turn worm food, at least he got to hear his concerto before he died and love his bullsh blah, blah, blah, blah. and now christine's a big, big [ __ ] star, and it looks like the popo gonna have to develop a hankering for the tartan tights the end. thank you to these muffins who, much like the phantom for christine, give me money to be artsy. jennifer, p v, cameron t star kitten, dissie. chris oh dan w davis, c whiskey kennedy and melissa s. if you would like your own little call out, take a little fantastic voyage over to my patreon page to find out how. for movies explained for i'm jeb artsy dial. 