nothing's really changed since the last procedure. jack's retinopathy will not be reversed. his eyesight will not return. i think i might like girls. we love you no matter what. okay, this is my friend aja. hi. hi deja lee. nice to meet you. [Music], hello. hi. hold on one second. uncle mickey, he got in trouble in pennsylvania. he's being arrested, and he gave them my number for the bail money. no, you don't have a campaign manager. i want the cake. i'm happy to have you on board. jay, once are you sure that you want to go to the grocery store now? yeah, i like home and the store's not so crowded. i know you want to fix things, fix me, but you and your family, it's just too painful. jack can't see, but my son is going to live a life without limits. okay, look, randall, you're a very nice guy, but please don't call me again. i'm gonna marry her. i didn't need you to come. i'm your brother's son, and i have come here for you. how do i know you? oh, you were on a television show. i think it's time we got out of this place, you know, get into a home and start a new chapter. you want your husband back? yes, well then we should get him back. hey, mom, it's kevin. i got married, uh, to sophie. yeah, got married to sophie. hey, what's up buddy? what do you say give me a pie. there it is, her daddy's world. i want more for her than you can offer. i will do everything i can do stop this. stay the hell away from my wife. she mr pearson, i have a daughter six months old. i have full custody, and my parents help out with her sometimes. she is mr lawrence, would you and your wife like to come to the house this weekend for dinner? i don't look at you and see color, and you don't see me that she is 14. she's not seeing a boy who puts babies in people. we are in lockstep. [Music]. you don't need to stick around here for my court hearing? yeah, no, i really do need to stick around here for your court hearing. i told your vet counselor that i would. mr and mrs hodges, i'm sorry for skipping school with malik, but i'm not sorry for yesterday, because that was the best day of my life. deja, i'm sorry. we haven't taken you to see shauna. i'd actually like to invite her here for thanksgivings. my nephew came back into my life no matter how much i told him to scream. you should come to philly with me for thanksgiving. i'm not gonna go see some doctor just because you're overreacting. i'm just worried that they could. i said, i'm fine, mom. randall enough. oh, open up. there you go. oh, my this is, well, this is terrible timing. katie did it. he's eating it first solid food. buddy. i see it all so clearly. i see myself walking her down the aisle afterwards, coming over here, raising a toast to her and her husband at the reception. i think it's time for you to get back to la. live your own life. you're never going to be good enough for it. jack, say again. jack, hey, buckeye. it was hot out there and he just had a few too many. hey, i think that's what's next for me. but by the time i'm 40, i'm gonna have a wife, i'm gonna have a kid, the whole shebang. you should probably date somebody first. i hate crossfit. toby, my crossfit group, text, is going crazy. okay, will you grab my phone? you don't seem like yourself today. you had a few, uh, mix-ups. i think i need to see a doctor. it appears you have mild cognitive impairment. things could begin to deteriorate. i'm sorry to keep asking you to keep this to yourself. i get it. you know, when you had your first breakdown, you thought that was gonna be the only one. i appreciate your concern, but i'm fine. okay. i am worried that we are just one big emotional thing from this bad i'm fine. i was supposed to end up in the super bowl, not watch it like you guys. what's your point, kevin? i'm gonna go to selfies. what are you doing? working outside in my apartment? can we go get a coffee? i'm engaged. i missed you, baby. oh, beth and i just saw practical magic. oh, i've been dying, but we're not 12 year old girls, you ready? when i look at our son, it just makes me sad. i booked us a few days away with jack. i had a retreat for families with blind children. you know. i mean, i kept putting myself in these obviously, terrible situations, because i'm so desperate to have this crazy love story like what my parents had, but maybe it's just not in the cards for me here. [Music], he is reaching for the light. the doctor said that he might do that, they might start to see light in shadows. [Music], hey kid. kevin and i'm just talking about going out to the cabin. you want to join us? oh, great. it's been a hell of a week. yeah. oh, you want to waste your life just working at a stupid job, that's fine, but i have bigger plans. i'm worried about kate. can you do this? can you be the man that i need you to be? can you be the father that jack needs you to be? you go to the cabin and leave jack here with me. i'll take care of him. i need to spend time with my son. i think she's in trouble. kev, we have to go get her. uh, it's madison. i slept with kevin, oh, mom is suffering from cognitive impairment. mom asked me not to tell you guys. she didn't want to add any more stress to your plates. i've been anxious for so long. beth thinks i should see a therapist. maybe you should. the brain mri revealed shrinkage in the memory centers of the brain, likely due to alzheimer's. funny, somehow all of this bad news has sort of freed me up. carpe diem and all that. and my mother depends on me. i'm the only one who can take care of her. it's been that way a long time. but if i'm not the one who's taking care of her, who will? please, don't start treating me any differently. i need the fun. i need the laughs. i need that part of you. this could have saved their life. don't you ever wonder what it would have been like if dad hadn't died? no, i don't. randall do you every single day? i'm not gonna do that trial, rambo. and i really don't want to hear what either of you has to say about it, because i have made the decision for myself, ladies and gentlemen. jack, damon. well, mom, whatever you want to do, that's what we'll do. i'm pregnant. [Music]. i'm going to ask you for something now. mom, you have to do this clinical trial. [Music], okay, jack, yep, i'm coming. okay, hey, tomorrow is my, uh, one year sober. my one year is also jack's birthday. i'll congratulate you tomorrow. we're having a baby today. [Music], we're having a baby today. miguel and i have been doing the research, and i have decided to do the clinical trial. so three weeks from now, miguel and i are moving to st. louis. it's nine months. morning baby, morning dad. this new bay may be a lemon. i haven't been the best version of myself this year. kate, i'm sorry, but i am still here. i'm saying, don't you think our amazing little man deserves a sibling? the pearsons have a pretty good track record with adoption, don't they? what? boy or girl? boy or girl. ma'am, it's okay. she's my sister. it's a girl. oh, thank god medicine. this is your third appointment alone. is there anyone you can [Music], i haven't told anyone. what did you say to mom to convince her to go to st? louis? i know i did whatever i needed to do to give my mother the best possible children. randall, randall, hey, what i needed to do to help our mother? yeah, regardless of what she wanted, right, regardless of what she needed. hey, sorry, i'm late for the party. i just, you know, we made him pregnant. kevin, i know i am a complete stranger to you. i am just your sister's friend. and, okay, i just, i need a minute. yeah, no, i'm sorry. just, [Music], how dare you pretend that you give a rat's ass about what anybody else wants other than you? this isn't about me, randall. this is about you. because all i know is, if i had been there, i would have walked through literal fire, and i would have pulled that man out. hmm, well, kev, i guess we'll never know, because you weren't there. i mean, you're not even chasing dad's shadow, kevin. you're chasing mine. but you'll never be him, and you'll never be me. because, hand to god, randall, the worst thing that ever happened to me was the day they brought you home. got a meeting to hit. kevin, i'm so sick of chasing ghosts. i'm all in, madison. whatever you need, i'm all in. i want to be a father. it's twins. kevin, hey, baby, are you okay? help. my name is hope. [Music] you 