Hello there Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary. I'm your underpaid host. Anyway, this isn't going on my resume. Today we\'ll be looking at the classic 2001 animated CGI film "Shrek". Starring: Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz [meow~], and John Litgow. Shrek, a green ogre who loves the solitude in his swamp, finds his life interrupted when countless fairytale characters are exiled there by the fairytale-hating Lord Farquaad of Duloc C- can he do that legally?. Angry, Shrek decides to ask Farquaad to exile them elsewhere. He brings along a talking Donkey, who is the only fairytale creature willing to guide him to Duloc oh Eddie Murphy, I\xe2\x80\x99ve missed you. Meanwhile, Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread Man for the location of the remaining fairytale creatures you monster! *pa-tooie*. His guards rush in with something he has been searching for: the Magic Mirror. He asks The Mirror if his kingdom is the fairest of them all but is told that he is not even a king. Ha! Awkward... To be a king he must marry a princess, so Farquaad resolves to marry Princess Fiona, who is locked in a castle tower guarded by a dragon. He organizes a tournament wherein the winner gets the "privilege" of rescuing Fiona for him. Shrek and Donkey arrive during the tournament, and ignorantly defeat Farquaad's knights OH MY GOD! HE GOT HIM WITH THE CHAIR. BY GOD THAT MAN HAD A FAMILY! Farquaad proclaims them the champions, and compels them under the threat of death to rescue Fiona, promising to move the fairytale creatures from Shrek's swamp if he succeeds. Shrek and Donkey travel to the castle and split up to find Fiona like Zoinks!. They are noticed by the dragon, who corners Donkey. In desperation he sweet-talks the dragon, learning that it is female. Dragon falls in love with Donkey and carries him to her chambers Bow-Chicka-Bow-wow. Shrek finds Fiona, who is appalled at his lack of romanticism and surprised that he hasn't slain Dragon. As they leave, Shrek saves Donkey from Dragon, who is heartbroken as a result At first, Fiona is thrilled to be rescued but is quickly disappointed when Shrek reveals that he is an ogre. She demands that Farquaad come to get her himself, but Shrek forcibly carries her with him You\xe2\x80\x99re coming with me princess. The three have several adventures on their way to Duloc, such as an encounter with Robin Hood wherein Fiona reveals that she is an expert martial artist Oh look! A Matrix reference Shrek and Fiona find they have a lot in common and fall in love. However, Fiona persistently insists on sleeping alone at night. One night, when the trio is almost at Duloc, Fiona shelters in a windmill. Donkey hears strange noises from within and investigates, finding Fiona transformed into an ogre Le Gasp!. She explains that she was cursed during childhood to transform every night, which is why she was locked away, and that only her true love's kiss will return her to her "love\'s true form" that\xe2\x80\x99s messed up. Meanwhile Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona, partly overhears them, and is heartbroken as he mistakes her disgust with her transformation to an "ugly beast" as disgust with him Don't you just hate it when people, just don't communicate? At Donkey's suggestion, Fiona vows to tell Shrek about her curse, but dawn breaks before she can, and she turns back into a human. She finds that Shrek has brought Lord Farquaad to the windmill during the night. Fiona accepts Farquaad's proposal, requesting that they be married before night falls. The couple returns to Duloc, while a hurt and angry Shrek abandons Donkey and returns to his now-vacated swamp Furious at Shrek, Donkey goes to the swamp where Shrek says he overheard Donkey and Fiona's conversation. Donkey tells Shrek that she was talking about someone else, and urges Shrek to talk to Fiona before she is married. They travel to Duloc quickly, thanks to Dragon, who had escaped her confines and followed Donkey. Shrek interrupts the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona. He tells her that Farquaad is not her true love and is only marrying her to become king Is that how it works? Huh. Oh, look! The Ogre wants to marry the princess! That's my Lord Farquaad impression, ladies and gentlemen. Ain't it great? The sun sets, which turns Fiona into an ogre in front of everyone in the church, causing Outraged, Farquaad orders Shrek executed and Fiona detained Dragon bursts in alongside Donkey and devours Farquaad Shrek and Fiona profess their love and share a kiss; Fiona is bathed in light as her curse is broken but is surprised that she is still an ogre, as she thought she would become beautiful, to which Shrek replies that she is still beautiful I\xe2\x80\x99m not crying but I am sweating from my eyes They marry in the swamp and leave on their honeymoon while Donkey and the fairytale creatures celebrate by singing "I\'m a Believer". [Singing "I\'m a Believer"~] Thank you for watching Ladies and Gentlemen, don't forget to like and subscribe to get our latest updates, and our latest upload. Until next time! 