[Music]. come. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're going to take a brief senior year crews to the grimy underbelly of New York City and Friday the 13th party. Jason Takes Manhattan. let's get to it. we get a momentary reprieve from the traditional Pryor movie recap opener as this film tantalizes our senses with a seedy narration, overlaying a variety of scummy 1980s air in New York environments, a place primarily fit for pimps, drug addicts and recently graduated high school students. we then fade to a mini yacht on Crystal Lake, right as this nubile young couple drops anchor. following the fine tradition of misunderstanding the basic tenets of foreplay, Jimi proceeds to regale Suzy with a detailed account of the Crystal Lake mythology and a masterful bit of ironic filmmaking. Jimmy stays dry on deck, while the audiences submerged to the lake bed, where the anchor manages to snag a mainline to the town's power grid, which happens to reanimate the conveniently located corpse of Jason Voorhees. meanwhile, still incapable of fully appreciating the depths of his failure, Jimmy pulls a shelly with his movie-accurate prop mask, which is quickly acquired by jason, who, in another callback to the third film, grabs a harpoon gun and guts Jimmy, who completely fails to react to the threat presented before him. Jason then nonchalantly discovers Suzy and manually harpoons her to death. we then get introduced to our main character, Rennie, who's gifted upend by her teacher, the Penn originally belonged to Stephen King. she then arrives at the Crystal Lake International Harbor because apparently the lake is attached to an estuary that feeds the Atlantic. she and her dog appear to be walk-ons for this class trip, which is being chaperoned by the principal, who's also her guardian. and with that, this premise has stretched nearly to its breaking point. we meet up with Captain Sean Robertson, a young man who has spent his entire life cast in the darkness of his father's shadow. and has repeatedly failed to live up to expectations. he's given control of the helm, manages to bone the launch and then decides to go his own way in life. we then get confirmation that Jason is stowed away, and we're off in classic teen cruise fashion with shuffleboard skeet shooting and disco style dancing. we're also shown that Shawn and Rennie have a history together before meeting some of the other characters and getting to some killin. it starts with the a/v nerd and his punk rock teens skid mark friend. and she goes off to find some production value for her future music video. the boiler room is too good to resist, and she starts shredding right then and there. Jason Starks earned access her in the face, daydreams about a slipper young boy while changing to the worst pair of jeans ever created, establishing that she is some sort of preternatural connection to Jason. meanwhile, Julius is busy getting in some light sparring, while Tamara and Eva Hornet up from the skylight, chasing that rainbow dragon. they both tuck away to snort some smack. Rennie interrupts them as she looks for her dog. Tamara is unsettled by the possibility that Rennie may narc on them. so after a brief interlude where we see Julius is sparring victim get a hot sauna Stone inserted into his torso, we cut back to Tamara casually knocking Rennie off the boat. and she's briefly tugged upon by the young boy before being saved by Shawn. she goes to her cabin to wash up, but is thwarted by another vision. meanwhile, Tamra, determined to break the scales of human shittiness, presents her biology project to the principal, Charles. he puts up only lame protestations to her expertly engineered thirst trap, and withers, despite the conspicuously open door. he finds out this encounter, sans protestations, was filmed by Wayne, giving the students future blackmail material. after cleaning off her body art, Tamara catches Jason creeping on her, and is mildly disturbed by this turn of events, right up to the point where he bursts in on her, causing her to become majorly disturbed, right to the point where he dispatches her fittingly with a shard of mirror, we find out the Admiral is preparing to navigate a major storm when he loses the use of his first mate. shortly before finding himself suffering a similar fate. and without the opportunity to warn anybody, like clockwork, Shawn and Rennie find them and send out an emergency announcement, taking the most sensible action scene in a horror film and calling all survivors to congregate in one place. unfortunately, the group is thrown into a tizzy when Jason cuts off all outside communication. and then the maritime crazy Ralph gets the group all riled up, resulting in a difference of opinion on how to proceed in everyone breaking off in groups. Eva goes to make sure Tamir is apprised of the current situation, and comes to find she's well aware. he runs off to the dance hall and stands in the middle of the stage until Jason teleports in front of her, and like the b-side of a Lionel Richie single, he chokes her on the ceiling. meanwhile, the badass Brigade straps up and goes for an evening jaunt above deck. Dwayne loses his glasses and freaks out, emptying his scattergun into what he discovers to be the maintenance man. his guilt is short-lived, however, when he gets electrocuted. then we watched the puppet master taking an unusually low tech approach to solving his not dying problem, which works against him as he is unceremoniously tossed from a height. not that it's meaningful in any way. but Jason comes through a porthole to grab Rennie, and she jabs in with Stephen King's pen, just as a fuel tank explodes in the boiler room floods, forcing the remaining survivors to the lifeboat. Jason watches wistfully from the deck, deeply hurt that his friends continue to refuse to let him slaughter them, Julius pops up him. the group rose for an unknown amount of time before emerging from the fog and finding themselves just outside Liberty Island, remember, New York. the relief is short-lived as they find themselves deep in the butthole of the city, as expected, there promptly accosted and abducted by a couple of local scumbags, causing the remainder of the group to fall apart mentally and go their separate ways. Rennie manages to score some free drugs, and before things get worse, Jason shows up and provides the ne'er-do-wells with a technical demonstration of an alternative way to shoot up. Rennie uses this opportunity to save herself. Julius is the next to be pursued. he tries to take the high ground, but finds himself stuck with no choice but to square off and get to punch him. he gets off to a good start, but as he begins to gasp out, we find that this is just an exhibition match to showcase Jason's raw power as he punches Julius's head clean off. Rennie is found by Shawn tripping balls through the alleys of New York. soon they're reunited with the gang and a couple of police officers. the officers are quickly murdered, and then Rennie runs down Jason, but her hallucinations get the best of her, and she wrecks the cruiser. in a moment of character development, her ayahuasca trip brings back a repressed memory of Uncle Charles's terrible swim lessons which is important for some reason, the group leaves him behind to confront Jason on his own, who he still doesn't believe his real despite their numerous recent interactions, it's not possible. Jason punctuates his counter-argument by tossing Charles out of a window and brutally stuffing him into a sledge filled barrel. they then go on a final chase about through the subway, along the city streets, into a diner and then into the sewer where Rennie and Shana manage to get Jason caught in the nightly toxic waste purge, bringing this chapter to a close and allowing them to continue on with their sightseeing vacation. and that was chapter 8. jason spends some time in new york, which probably represents the final traditional friday the 13th movie until the remake. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 