wreckit-ralph is back on the big screen. the movie has a lot to unpack from its two hour runtime, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know about the film's ending, or it's too post-credit scenes, then I suggest that you turn off now. but everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. though you might expect wreck-it Ralph to to be packed with jokes and gags, the film actually has a really emotional ending that pulls on your heartstrings and sets of a sequel. the film itself continues the aesthetic of the first film, with the game characters working on their respective arcade machines during the day and taking the night off. vanellope and Ralph are still best friends, but the former is slowly getting bored with her life. when her game, sugar rush, gets broken, and the replacement parts on eBay are far too expensive to afford, the two set off into the Internet to find a fix. Ralph goes viral, and vanellope changes games, and the two seem pretty well set up, until a virus ravages their machines and the Internet. this virus causes clones of Ralph that want to chase Penelope down and catch her. but eventually, the two do manage to defeat them without the internet being destroyed. with the internet saved, everything seems back to normal. and Ralph and vanellope take a long think about what to do next. Ralph decides to go back to the arcade, and it looks like Penelope is about to join him, but she instead decides to stay online in her new digital world. it's a real tear-jerking moment that, to me, highlights how technology has moved forward and thus separated us in some ways. sure, the Internet is a good thing in bringing people together, but it also pushes us apart. okay, I might be getting a bit too deep now. but anyway, we see the two chatting by video call, and it's clear that the two are still keeping in touch. so this may mean that we could see them together again. but that's not the end of the film. and both post-credit scenes have some big moments. the first post-credit scene features new Disney Princess Melania. and in the scene of a younger Moana is Shawn playing again, called pancakes and milkshake. in the game, she has to feed it bunny and a kitten, but Ralph barges into it and ruins it. and it makes a nice little tie into the larger Disney World. the other credit scene has a pop-up with a banner that says, click here to watch the frozen 2 trailer. and when the link gets clicked, we get a Ralph's theme rickroll, which, of course, is another big Internet joke. and it's a nice way to close the film that hints that Disney may be working on bigger projects down the line. so what are your thoughts on Ralph breaks the Internet? did you enjoy the film, and did you prefer it to its predecessor? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big movie creep - this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace, [Music] 