[Music]. sixth day stuck at sea, they caught a small shark after stabbing it to death with a knife. three people, who haven't eaten for days and nights, started eating sharks raw. cut the belly first, take out an undigested, live fish from the belly, fragrant in your mouth. really enjoyed it, but i can't eat it all. need to save some meat because they don't know how long they will be drifting at sea. these are three american soldiers during world war ii in an air combat, run out of fuel and crash into the pacific. they had to roll out the life raft start to survive. there is one officer and two soldiers among the three, one is called shaushi. at the beginning, at the beginning, the two soldiers are still very optimistic, hippie, smiley, completely unaware of the danger. and the sir is relatively calm. he ordered the three to sit in three different directions, 3600 observe the surrounding situation, waiting for rescue. old way is old way. they sigh. helicopter chief quickly took off his clothes. three crazy waving for help. but in the end, the plane did not approach them. they sort out what they have. two magazines for the true way of the gray cannon, two magazines, a knife and some lines. tindo is the gadget. just no water and no food. can't drink seawater. this has stumped the chief. he first ordered two soldiers throw the shoes out. don't add weight to the life raft. at night, they alternate shifts to watch the night, see if there are any passing planes. the officer who was awakened felt a little thirsty. he collected his own urine, drank it without much expression. the next day, the chief took out a pilot slide rule. judging according to the landing position and wind direction, they are drifting to hawaii island, 1 900 kilometers. have to last for many days. can't sit and wait to die. two soldiers decided to fish. they removed the pistol magazine, take out the spring inside, cut out a small section with pliers, hook into the rope, make a small hook. use the tongs as a fishing float. what to do with fishing bait? simply remove the red scarf on the neck, hang on the hook. it looks like a piece of meat. they threw their homemade hooks into the water will a silly fish be hooked. true detective gray robe. suddenly, the fishing line was pulled away by something so painful. the soldiers pulled hard. the meatless fishhook was actually swallowed. this is a dangerous signal. it shows that the creatures hiding on the bottom of the sea are more hungry and painful than them. the sun gets bigger and bigger. on the fourth day, the sur's face has been sunburned. keep sweating. three people dare not even say anything. i can only hope to catch something to eat quickly. a few more days, they started praying, pray for rain in front of nature. their lives and deaths really depend on luck. result. that night, it really started a heavy rain. they saved some water ashes for real detectives. the next day, shelley is still in the sea, caught something terrible. cut the shark's belly open. the three of them started to eat this shark raw. this is their first meal since they were trapped in the pacific in six days. but just finished, shaoli's face changed because i accidentally poured shark blood into the sea just now. the smell of blood actually attracted the big fish in the sea more than a dozen sharks surrounded the life raft. once pounced, they will become a mass of flesh and blood. fortunately, the sharks did not attack them until night. but at this moment, shall we awoke in a daze. washed my face with seawater. suddenly, something in the water bit his hand. when i reach back, already bloody. companion, xiao c quickly fired a few shots into the sea. chief inspects shaoli's injury. there are three tooth marks on the hand. one nail has been ripped off. i can keep my hand. he quickly bandaged shalley's wound. grey cannon. true detective let him turn over the true detective of the grey robe holding the wound. next few days, they continue to survive. make a few marks when you get up. gray vision, true detective records a lower position. drink some shark blood when you are thirsty. small mouth rewind the rest. dare not drink too much. but soon the water is still drunk. they started praying for rain. shelley keeps trying to fish. just not so lucky. can catch another shark. until the 15th day, a bird flew onto the life raft. shali picked up the gun, aim lightly, successfully shot it. to death. sir saw quickly jump into the sea bring the dead bird back. but this time, a shark fin appeared on the sea surface, is swimming towards the chief. quickly, shalley wants to support the chief, but the gun is stuck. the two can only row towards the chief desperately. the sur is only a little away from the shark. crucial moment, the chief climbed under the life raft in time. and the shark, although it's swimming towards them, but only through the bottom of the life raft, didn't hurt them. it seems that god still doesn't want them to die. 20th day, shelley got sunburned, even on his back. the face is even more red and swollen. and even more desperate as to look at the truth. the chief said that the grey cannon is the real detective. i should have encountered the island three or four days ago, but the true explorer. but now it's still a vast expanse. it means he made a wrong calculation. despair strikes again. chalice scolded the chief first, but this won't solve the problem. after calm down, three people cheer up, only twisted into a rope. to get a chance. so the chief quickly adjusted his mentality, cut my love shoes with a knife. he and charlie each took one start drifting forward and ahead still the vast sea. survive on the sea for 30 days. his body has been severely sunburned. the arm is broken in black. and the life and death of him and the other two companions, it's really all luck. pray when you are thirsty. you can live a few more days in heavy rain, hungry, waiting for a bird to fly to the life raft, shoot it to death, to make it through. but now good luck never comes. then they can only wait to die. they struggling to paddle, paddling, a bird cloud appeared ahead. the wind and waves on the sea are getting bigger and bigger. they thought it was good luck. i opened my clothes and started catching the rain. this time it was raining heavily, and it was a bit bitterly cold. after the rain stops, they found something really wrong. the dark clouds did not disperse, but blocked the sun even more deadly. the world becomes terrifying and dark. a bolt of lightning struck in the distance. sir knows they had a hurricane. it's so grey that the huge water waves hit them directly. sure enough, the huge water waves hit them directly. when the second wave hits, the sur was beaten underwater. two people are struggling, finally holding on to the sir not far away. crazy detective, another huge wave is coming. the sur immediately ordered, take advantage of huge waves, turn the life raft over. the gray flower tool will sink into the sea if too much water accumulates. gray robe detective, the huge wave hits again. the huge wave hits again. grey cannon, true detective, they successfully flipped the life raft, but stoudemire disappeared. the two hurriedly searched separately along the life raft. finally found stoudemire again. the sir continues to order, by the wind, turn the life raft over again. at last, no storm. they also manage to escape. wake up the next day, they are still on the verge of death. the experience last night left them exhausted. the sur is starting to miss his wife. little lee seems to see a beautiful and moving woman appeared on the sea level. in the desperate situation, always have to dream about hope in order to survive. the law they reached into the sea, rowing desperately. before long, the surrounding area will still be vast. stoudemire can't move anymore. hollow eyes, may die anytime. their legs are already skinny. the hands are also full of sunburn marks. at this time, the most determined officer of all time can't stand it anymore. he held up a bit of seawater. die or die. it won't last long. suddenly, henry seemed to see something front, some green. the sir tried his best turn around and have a look. then they started yelling madly. that's right, the real detective of the grey robe. that green is an island. three people hug together, cry with joy. land, land. they come in and give out the last bit of strength, swim towards the island and go to the gray robe. at last, propelled by a wave of waves, they washed up on the island. at the same time, it also washed away despair brought a new life. so far, they have been wandering for 34 days. this is a true story of the greater family during world war ii shocked me. but what really touched me it's their determination and courage to live to death 