[Music], hey everyone. thanks for clicking the video. I'm your host, definition. and when I woke up this morning, I was outraged. outraged, to tell you, but not for the reasons that you might think. now, I know you guys hopefully come to this channel for informative videos that go beyond the headlines, so I thought I'd break down this news story that James Bond has been replaced by a black female and discussed kind of the whole drama and why, in my opinion, that this entire thing going on is just so ridiculous. okay, so first let's dive into the story and how it's being reported by tomorrow's fish and chips, your paper, the Sun, they are going with the headline, 7up bomb 25 will see actress lashana Lynch take over from Daniel Craig to become first female double-oh-seven. which, naturally, yeah, it's gonna trigger the internet. it's been purposely written this way to drive clicks and get people angry, because that's the kind of tabloid that the Sun is, so people are getting really furious about this. but the way that it's written, it comes across like Daniel Craig is just gonna be tossed to the side, taken into the woods and killed and then replace with the complete opposite of himself, which is a black woman. however, when you actually go beyond the headline, you'll see that bond is still, well, bond. he's still a super-secret spy agent that will shoot the men, pull the birds and drink the vodka. lads, lads, lads. what actually happens in the movie, and full spoilers ahead, if you don't want to know anything about the film, is that James Bond has gone into retirement after the events of Spectre, which saw him save the world once more and spare Blofeld's life. he's called out of this when the world is once more held to ransom by the powers of evil. and then there's a pivotal scene at the start of the film where M played by Ralph Fiennes, says, come in, double-oh-seven. and in walks lashonna. she has, in fact, taken over his car name and is now technically double-oh-seven. they have not replaced James Bond with a black woman. they're not calling her Jane blonde. she's not bonds not getting a sex change there's no need for the outrage yet. now this, of course, will be contested throughout the film, with bond no doubt getting back his double-o status and number by the film's end, because because, let's face it, Hollywood only really wants to tackle social justice issues to appear like the tackling social justice issues, because they know it makes money. and being woke and inclusive is a great marketing tactic. what's so baffling about this though, is that it's not really a big story that deserves all of the outrage that is currently going on on the internet. now, I'm a massive James Bond fan. I owned all the videotapes, I owned all the DVDs, and I even bought all the blu-rays. I've spent too much money on this guy. so I've got the right to be as annoyed as anyone. and genuinely, I can't really see a problem with this scene. naturally, though, and no one actually reads the story itself before opening their mouth. and twitter has been blasted with some of the most idiotic tweets ever, such as, how does putting a female, black lady as James Bond make any sense whatsoever? bond, has always been a white male, chauvinist, good-looking man that has used his charms to sleep with lady spies, or to get duped by their charms. way to ruin a character you created. hashtag to be seen. I love that one. buns always been a chauvinist. he's bloody. few many not gonna be able to have sex with the women. now, next is, so there's going to be a female double-oh-seven. James Bond was written as a male character, not a female, and not a transgender. the world is gonna pot let me off, please. yeah, a duck. I don't think you read this story there, did you? I don't know where you got that transgender bit from, but it's clearly some underlying issues there. next is, this has got to be a troll. I know you have to be trolling to be this stupid. James Bond is iconic. if they want to know the female double O agent, they should write one, and the movie could complement the double-oh-seven movies. a Hatt's gender swapping characters so much just shows the lack of creativity. I could go on for days and days about because the Internet, it's in uproar. but again, these people clearly haven't read the actual article. and I think that the marketing in movies in general plays into the fact that they can write outlandish headlines and people won't bother checking and will just spout off anything. I mean, to me, it's really getting ridiculous the way that movies are marketed these days. well, they never actually talked about the movies themselves, but rather the social issues behind them. I think the biggest example that I can think of, it's Captain Marvel, which made this big song and dance about taking white men down in Hollywood. and absolutely none of that was in the film whatsoever. it was pretty much a popcorn movie that didn't really do anything over the line. and it actually cut a very risky scene in case people were offended by it. so, yeah, what a trends are. the new Bond movie is clearly doing that too, and I can guarantee that this new character will clearly play second string to bond, before probably being tossed to the side to show that bond is and always will be double-oh-seven. naturally, though, newspapers and journalism in general is dying, so they have to write these sensational media pieces that gain attention because they can no longer get it from telling the truth. the Sun headline is extremely misleading. and in truth, the film shows that the world has moved on from bond and it's doing its own thing, which is always actually a good pop point in Bond films that work really well in Skyfall and the like. bond is still relevant. but this makes me question whether the fanbase is there when they have to drum this stuff up to get people talking about the movie. The Little Mermaid was the perfect example last week, where they drummed up lots of controversy around the colour of Holly Bailey skin, but it's probably not gonna be mentioned at all in the movie. and it's just a case of marketing through controversy, when the best way to promote your film is to actually promote the film itself. it just seems like since the last Jedi, things like social issues, gender and race, are all things that people focus on and talk about, when in actuality, the film's themselves don't really tackle them. I really help bond doesn't fall victim to this false marketing technique, as it's such a moot point, and it really isn't needed. this story is a prime example of there. and I'm actually quite eager to see how this pop poem plays out in the movie. I personally think it'll really work, and it'll kind of humble bond, which is always great to see in the films. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the issue. and if you agree with the way that movies are being marketed right now, if you're outraged over the entire thing, or just want to drop your thoughts on it, then make sure you leave them in the comments below, as I love to read them. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and if you want to see more formal movie coverage, that make sure you check out my recent breakdown of Spider Man far from home, which would be linked at the end. we go over the entire movie and talk about where the film's could go down the line. so it's definitely worth checking out after this. well, so just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the bond story in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped up from then to ever get surprise. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 