welcome to thriller recapped. today, i will show you a sci-fi episode from "love, death and robots". spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the scene starts with a young couple moving into an apartment. and we see "Rob" and his girlfriend, "Gail". sooner, rob notices an old style fridge in their apartment. he opens it, and it has excessive amount of ice in it. he takes one cube, and they get ready to celebrate it with wine. he notices that in the ice cube there is a small sized mammoth in it. it is also injured with spears used in stone age. gale opens the fridge and they find a miniature-sized lost civilization in their fridge. it looks from medieval times. it looks beautiful and real, but only small in size. she says that mammoths are extinct since centuries. rob is sad, since he had to dump the body of mammoth in his flower pot. they check again after 10 minutes, and the civilization has started its own industrial revolution. in few minutes, they reach the current time. they also see small-sized humans and a starbucks. they're amazed with the speed of the development. soon a war starts and they get hit by a nuke. rob is thrown away, and rob's face is toasted. gail thinks they should close the fridge and let them sort out their own things, and they shouldn't interfere. later, they eat dinner, and rob is worried about the civilization, and gail thinks they might have gone extinct from the war. but soon they decide to open it again, and they see a miniature size, type 2 civilization. looks like the civilization has crossed our current state long ago, and they are very advanced in their own way. soon, a burst of planes fly outside the fridge, and the couple enjoys the tiny lights around them. however, then it goes off. feeling worried and disappointed from what they witnessed, they hug each other and try to comfort each other. and they get ready to sleep. gail closes the door or fridge, and they go to bed. the next day, they are having breakfast. they both are still worried and curious at the same time. gail opens the fridge, and she sees everything starting again, like the cycle of life. and then a dinosaur is seen attacking our ancestors. and the show ends. let me know what you would have done in the comments, and please like and subscribe. it really helps the channel.... 