hear me out, Greg, he's got 1980s. yeah, they're playing D&amp;D well, and a boy named Will goes missing. it's the upside-down. oh, my god. what's up everybody? welcome back to another breakdown of true detective. Greg and Ryan here. now, of course, again, there are spoilers throughout this entire video, so go watch it first, then come on back here and make sure you're subscribed. is, we're gonna break down every single episode of season three, and it's a pretty good one so far. mm-hmm. okay. let's jump into the episode of the big never. so, yeah, you got like the what? the big sleep.the the big spot. so many different big something from the war in the past. yeah. and I think the never here obviously deals with the time in the memory aspect of when Wayne's going through his life, you know, it's turning into, by 2015, the big never. what happened? what didn't happen? so we have a new director for episode 3? yes, yes, we do. no more Sonya. they've switched to is. it's a con Daniel sack. I mean, who's done some obviously, this true director to do four episodes are true detective he's also done Jack Ryan, he's done better. call Saul the Ozarks, fittingly for this the leftovers, the man in the high castle, the Americans, The Walking Dead, game of Thrones, NYPD, Blue and x-files. so that's pretty damn good list of credits on his resume. that's honestly the most solid resume you could have walking into true detective. like, yeah, I think I could direct a few episodes. here's my resume. yeah. and I think that's why they're giving them four episodes. we can do this thing right here. okay, so the biggest thing we can get out of this episode really is from the 90s and rollin West. it's not just depositions anymore. we're gonna have a full-on story going on the 90s. I feel like we're now just gonna get a few flashbacks to the 80s, and really we're going to the 90s. at least that's what the creators are telling us to is like from this point on, after this episode, it's 90s now. so the note, or the ransom note that we saw from last episode, we learned a few things about it. obviously, the grammar, really knew, the grammar was kind of spotty, yeah. but the actual envelope that it was in was handwritten. yeah. so it wasn't the smartest person in the room. no, not at all. I did this still, you could be anyone. and they're searching the local areas where it could have been postmarked by. so they're gonna hopefully track down where the person mailed it. and, you know, some handwriting matches. if you don't want to get caught. that's this is not going to do it. no, this isn't a brainiac processing stamps from a post office in Farmington. could have been dropped in a mailbox, put him in out there to canvass back in 2015. or in the doctor's office with Henry and Wayne, they're talking about the disease. they don't want to say the name of the disease, Alzheimer's, but they just want to have that out there. they don't want to say it yet, but that's what it is. he's leading down that path, and he doesn't want to be treated any differently by his son or the doctor, like how the doctors kind of, it almost was like an interrogation here as well. you know, he's been on the other end of it. he's been in the depositions as well. and he's been, you know, interrogating people in 1980. and how much mirrors now that, yeah, now the tables have been turned, and he's, he's gonna be real with them, like, he's like, I if you guys try to put me into a home, but he's taking, he's gonna commit suicide. yeah. and that's the reason why we see the gun by his side all the time, in, you know, in the drawer by his bed and on the on the table whenever he's doing his work. essentially, if his mind goes too far off, or his son puts him in a home, he says he's gonna off himself. yeah. next we learn a little bit about the Ozarks children's Outreach Center, em out of nowhere before we even go there, right? right? right. we're gonna go there later. but we we find out that there was a reward set for any information on the missing children, you know, Julie, yeah, cuz we'll has, you know, since passed away. but it blindsides Wayne enrolling, because they didn't know anything about this. and it's almost like this, they went over their head to their higher ups and okayed this reward to reach out to the community. you'd think that the lead detectives might know these details before it kind of hits the public. this is them planting the seeds for, like, there's something else, bigger picture here, something going above their heads here. there's, it's like, this is Chinatown. sorry, it's, it's over your head, so can't deal with it. kind of, I'm getting here. now, during a 1990 deposition with Roland West, I found interest in a particular line that he says when kind of thebes on what happened with ted. lorraine, look, range, kicking his ass. kicking his ass. he's, you know, he says that, obviously doesn't say that, that that happened, but he says a thing about, you know, my mind is fuzzy. you should ask wayne now, did you take that as that key knew that Wayne was, Wayne has some memory issues? or or is he just messing with the cops? the same thing. I think there's more of, like, listen, guys, don't go too far into that. we kick this guy's ass. just just leave it as it is. I think he was just a little, not at bad. that wasn't anything more like, they're bigger clues in there. I think that was more of, we kicked this guy's ass. and we did things that were a little in the gray area. and so, don't look this up, a swing Purple Haze. my man tried to get him transferred over here twice, you know, like, both times by the majors office told me not to ask again. feels like we should stay on point. I'm making a point now. we're staying in the 90s a little bit longer. and we're in the parking lot for Walgreens there at the pharmacy. of course they are, because it's got to go check it out. yeah. it's like, do a married do? oh, they're gonna stake out. and I think it just goes into show, like how much this case meant to themselves individually, but also their marriage, yes, like it really kept kept everything going forward, the momentum of it. and I think that when, when that changed, then their marriage changed as well. it's also showing too, that she doesn't really care as much about the case as he does, or at least we'll get that much. it's absorbing him, where she's like, let's go just have sex. let's go find somewhere to have sex. and yeah, it shows that she's a little bit let's go. what's, you know, we don't have to be here with this case the entire time. he's not going with that Bible. yeah, I kind of disagree to a touch just because I think it, I think they means, it means a lot to each of them, just in different ways, right? obviously he's looking for just, he's wants to solve the damn thing. and I think that she has a different kind of objective, obviously, as a writer, like trying to get this, this book out, and and, and. then she's even willing to, like, flirt with other police officers, you know, the detectives, in order to get down some new details that maybe Wayne couldn't do himself. I love that scene. we're gonna do anything by any means necessary in order to, not any means necessary, but at least go on a date with a date, with another officer, in order to get some, you know, details that weren't public. so, you know, it means a lot to her, I just don't think it means the same thing to each other. remember, he's at a desk job, and she's getting all the fun right now, or at least in his mind. and she's having all the fun doing all the gumshoe work. and while he's taking care of the kids and he's other desk job, things like that are starting to pepper into his life a little bit more than he thought he would be at this point. it's cool. let's talk about that. like later on in the episode. you know, he goes to the Walmart, which, you know, during this time, you know, becoming one of the the biggest corporations in the world. and, you know, I think part of that, you know, desk job, stay-at-home dad kind of thing is, it's kind of tearing apart in the fact that this is unsolved mystery. it's just eating at him. and, you know, he's a little bit frantic and scared. even if his daughter goes missing for, you know, he lasts for five minutes. yes, yeah, from look, it was it from looking at the toilet paper. yeah, I'm trying to pick which one. the second that happened, immediately thought of, he's gonna find out, yes. but it just shows the exact the instance of this case and what it's done to himself in the community around him. and he's kind of on a, I'd say, at a heightened state at that point in his life. uh-huh. because it just doesn't sit well with him that he never found out what happened to Julie. god, dammit. you can't do that. you hear me? don't do that. Rebecca. [Music]. now, speaking of all that, we also got confirmation in this episode that the Purcell case was Wayne's last case. yesican mentioned he's on a desk job, but we don't know exactly what went down. we just know that, according to Rowland West, that he was kind of done dirty by the higher-ups. it looks like at some point in this case, he's probably gonna be put to the backburner when they go forward, whoever they think. and then rolling west, it's kind of elevated. uh-huh. uh-huh. this also like knocks down our theory that we thought that maybe there's a huge falling-out between Rowland and Wayne. seems I wanted to hire up saying between them, just decide to split them up and keep them away from each other. so that's all that is. now, a big time reveal in this episode, the Purcell kids didn't really tell the truth. what did they say? everyone's lying. so again, the games come back. we were reminded the first episode. everyone's lying. the kids said that they were kind of BFFs with Ronny, mm-hmm, and some of the other neighbors. but what we find out from Ronny is that they never really hung out. no, sir, we didn't play much. I mean, I told him he could come over sometime to see the new puppy. but that's it. I'm gonna go back to talk to Mike and all these kids. I'm gonna go back to the first episode. these kids running around. they have a bigger story here that we're not singing yet. the main takeaway here is that you can't trust the kids, can't trust the the cops. you can't trust to us here. politicians, politicians, don't everyone. everyone's lying. you don't know what's going on just yet. now, this leads our two lead detectives to kind of go back to the house and try to find some more evidence and see what the hell we're not, you know, working start. let's, let's go back to the house. I feel like in the 90s. so thinking again, the first thing we got to go back to the house, the Purcell house. there's some isn't really do a really nice clean sweep the first time. they sure didn't. there's more evidence popping up. and what we see is, in, I think it's Julie's closet. mm-hmm, we see a bag with a notebook. and basically there's a map of the woods where they used to maybe meet up with somebody. we also see, it looks like a sunset or a sunrise in the woods, with a pink and yellow crown in the corner. I immediately thought, yellow king from season one. I know you hate when I bring up the yellow guy. no, I don't hate it. I just, I think the creators are just playing with, just messing with yes, totally. and then we also saw some torn up little notes that are extremely creepy. one they said, it's all right. I'm always here. don't listen. and I'll always keep you safe. it's okay. have a good night. all these little notes that it either it was correspondence between some other stranger, perhaps an adult, or it was correspondence between the brother and sister, will and Julie. mm-hmm. we don't really know. but we knew that this, this bag, this Hoyt foods bag, contained all these kind of extra clues about where they would hang out. now, thanks to Amelia's solo investigation at the bar with detective yes Oklahoma police, we find out that they do have the full prints of Julie's she wasn't behind the pharmacy, so we don't know if it was front or behind. and they didn't, supposedly, didn't get a clean sweep of the whole area. they got like they didn't, like, do a thorough job. it was like they had, there's no waiting to get back on, yeah, they have video footage, a limited time to get the prints, and it was a full match of Julie's fingerprint. also, I feel like that scene was just setting us up for the scene where she gets home and they blow up on each other. it's just a setup. weighing in his isolation from the case itself, and how he feels like he's useless here, and he just lost the kids, and he's being a dick. you're reading in finally that really could see him and me. so we have the Hoyt foods bag in the closet. and also, Lucy, their mother, worked at Hoyt Foods for a time. yeah. so they head to the headquarters of Hoyt foods to get some more info on that. and that company. turns out that this company is the one that funds that owes Ozarks Children Outreach Center. how convenient. how convenient. so it's physical. something's fishy is going on with this place? um, they asked for, like, the list of all the names, all 700 work there. mm-hmm. and the fact that mr. Hoyt is out on a safari in Africa, in Africa. you know, how convenient. again, enjoys hunting. and I love that line, he left, he left before Halloween. yes, he left before Halloween, but I love that line from rolla's like, oh, my, my friend Wayne here, he's a hunter. and then the music kicked the school. oh, I was, I was coming for you. yeah, I got this. I got this vision of, just like, Wayne tracking down history in Africa. got a elephant gun. gets back from Africa, Wayne's gonna track him down and athelas mr. Voight's been in Africa since mid-october safari. oh yeah. my partner is a bit of a hunter himself. now, my take away out of poet is that maybe we're Julie's biological dad, is, if they go down that route, maybe not the killer. so Lucy met this man there, maybe, and that's a su v--'s father, yes, Julie's father, and someone working at Hawaii, maybe. yeah. I immediately now I'm gonna get this is very major conspiracy. but I was thinking very maniacal in terms of the the owners of Hawaii, mr. and mrs. Hoyt. okay, I started this whole thing. you know, they obviously have deep pockets. they have influence and power in the community of Steel Alger they they might have interest in some type of bigger pedophilia ring, and and kind of can control the prosecutor's office and make sure they kind of cover up things. okay, okay. that wouldn't point the finger at them. not dismissing that. it's there. they're really there. they're throwing it out there for you. so I'm not gonna dismiss that. I think, just the baby daddies there. I think just the bottom line is, be suspicious of Hoyt foods and their mission in the community, as well as people that might work there. yes, higher ups, bigger for this bigger problem going on here with them, and they're just trying to maybe clean something else down. there. this feels a little bit like season two, where you had a lot of storylines going around, you didn't know what to follow. yeah. but I feel like, again, they're on a good pace right now. I love this. now, some possible real-life inspiration for white foods could be something called Tyson Foods, which I'm sure you've heard of. I love the chicken nuggets. I don't know about you, it tells much out of it. yeah, you know, Tyson Foods was actually founded in Arkansas as well. no, specifically Springdale. and, you know, obviously, they're a huge multinational corporation that are, you know, one of the biggest manufacturers and processors of meat, specifically chicken and beef, in the u.s. in the world. but also, you know, in a small town, would have their hands in a lot of different avenues. of course, oolitic. oh, yes. charity and lobbyists all over the place, of course. and you know, think about it this, in the 80's, 90's, lots of vast influence, mm-hmm, getting jobs to a lot of the community. and also, you know, having the power to influence. are you about to have Tyson's lawyers come in this door any second? I'm not blaming, you don't Tyson is not involved in any other stuff. I'm just saying, you know, they might have gotten some inspiration of Tyson, and maybe the impact that a corporation would have in this small, other community. I just love those nuggets. more things we find from the notebook, yeah, from Julie's notebook, a drawing of a castle. you know, it lives in the castle, okay? a yellow King lives in a castle. a drawing of a kitchen, or an interior of a house, or a castle looking spot, right? huh? yeah. you know, maybe it's just an imaginary play area, imaginary spot maybe they've seen as kids. again, because this leads back to D&amp;D. something to do with the game? I doubtful it has anything to do with the game. here she would have drawn, like, I can see, like, some drawing of some king or queen or some a weird thing we didn't get back yet. we just got a castle. yeah. we do know though, that will is big time into D&amp;D. we saw some of the dice in the forest, yes, Wayne found at my first initial thought when I saw him grab the dice those like, don't take a picture of it first did he, did he do it? I'm thinking too far into this case, I know, because I wanted to see, like, wait, what were the numbers too? then, you never know, cuz some fox or something, they kicked it over. I didn't totally, it's fine. I guess. deny blaming it back on the Fox. I see you. Greg. also, out in the woods was a couple more of those dolls, yes, and some other toys. I think I saw a Han Solo and a Princess Leia toys. but our Luke. and, yeah, I got that too. I think that's the one they were clearly pointing at. don't want you to make sure to pay attention to them. now, the major point here is that it, it seems as if this was a secret hangout. they had a friend, they had a secret friend that none of the parents knew about. parents couldn't recognize any of these toys. didn't know if they bought them for them or, you know, where they acquired them. but it's very likely that someone was an adult, was meeting them there and giving them his toys. and, you know, it became a regular thing. we don't know yet. could it be, it could be another kid too? we sure don't. we don't know that. we also find the location of where will was probably killed, presumably killed at this one spot, because of the blood they found on the rocks. it looks like he, again, I still think it may what if he tripped, fell back and hit that rock? they're playing this game, this dandy game, I'm the King. all right. everything saw you. he tried to cover it up because she was scared, and you can't run away. she the thing is lifting the body up. in all this, it still seems like there may be someone else there, but it doesn't mean that there was a murder at this location, correct? now, this leaves them down to a farmhouse that's located right near this area. of course, there's not. it's not on any map. not on any map. no house. I was immediately suspicious of this. uh-huh. said, on any map? and the old man in there has some pretty intriguing details. Shaymin, yeah, I loved it, because he says, oh, yeah, there was a copier earlier. now, any Law &amp; Order episode, you're like, oh, this is when Tutuola says, what cop they mean? just looks at the guy and then we got him that's immediately you're going down that route. but I feel like, yes, there's tiny clues for that. someone's lying, yes? because, again, weighing in in Roland, they're completely blindsided that another cop went there, because, officially, no one talked to this, huh? this resident here. yeah. there's no reason they wouldn't have said anything about this resident at any point in the investigation earlier. so the man shares some more details about the kids. he says he's seen them three or four times playing in the woods, okay? and that he also saw a brown sedan, an upscale brown sedan, something that might stick out in this community, with a black man and a white woman inside the car. yeah, numerous times. so I'm like, okay, where's the why in that storm? where's the twist in that? I I like to think that maybe it wasn't a black man in a white person. I feel like maybe he's switching the races there, right? but then that leads you back towards Amelia again. and I'm still not going down that route. I don't think it's Amelia. also, this brown car, if you want to look, leaving, putting that clue in there for the viewers. these very hard. yes, they're gonna go back and look. so like at shoe picking Briarcliff, there's a brown car when the kids leave, right off, when when they say bye, dad and and dad's screaming at him, say, come back home at this time. so whoever's out there, they could have heard them right then in there, this brown caddie, I think. but again, we're looking for some, like, brand-new. I'm assuming here, we haven't seen this car just yet. I definitely do agree with you that that there are there, there's probably a little bit truth in here. sprinkle them with a lot of mm-hmm. you know, obviously we can't trust anyone, right? so he's definitely lying about different parts of this. like he remembers those details, but then he can't describe or even recall the name of the person that came over to question him. you know, he just showed him a badge. so it's like, which part of this is the truth? which part is the lie? and and clearly, he either is trying to get them off the trail of what really happened, or the guy who showed up earlier could have paid him off. exactly. say this, when these cops show up totally. now, you might call me crazy for this, but I went back to the notebook drawings of Julie's right, mm-hmm, and we saw that castle that she drew. I have it right here. yes, it looks eerily similar to how a child might see this farmhouse with the stone hedges in the front. you know, it has kind of its own little castle vibe to it. as well as the interior of this kitchen. I mean, it's not, you know, a perfect rendition of it, of course, but with the drawers, and they were light, bringing in the bringing in the the light from outside, it feels, and in that, coupled with the fact that this guy seems extremely suspicious, I buy that. it feels very much so. that the kids have been to this place numerous times. not only have they hung out in the woods and play games, but they've been to this man's house, and he has a relationship with someone that knows a lot more, or he knows a lot more himself, about what happened to the kids. don't you need a warrant for something like that? you make us get one. I think you have to son. now, back in 2015, on the true criminal set Alyssa she brings up a few new details in the case. Wayne let him know that some things were, you know, you know, washed over in the investigation. the addition of the scar was the new thing, yes? and then Wayne kind of recalls that the the tire tracks, back when he was investigating, he saw the tire tracks, he remembers seeing hiding tracks near, near the woods near the crime scene. so, you know, the the brown sedan keeps kind of recycling through his head. you know, Julie was right, my car somewhere, but we haven't seen that car yet, so we don't know what's going on with that. but yeah, it looks like little clues are coming back that way. this alone, don't you think, points to serious flaws in the investigation from the beginning. okay, let's move back to Bret Woodard for a second here. the second that scene started, you heard the truck mob mentality? yes? a racist locals bomb bomb. yeah, all that, I was like, oh, here we go. I thought they're gonna kill him, beat him up, threatened his life. yep, his life. the sad thing is, like, he fought for those guys. you know, even says it in Vietnam, I fought for your rights. no one's giving a fair shake. he's, everyone's presuming him guilty, mm-hmm, just because he's, uh, kept himself. and what do we what do you take off that? see more. it looks like he's got a body, please. yeah, we talked about this a little bit earlier before we were shooting. I do not think, I think there's a zero percent chance, but that's a body. it's not a knockdown, Julie, there's something about it there. no, I think what they're trying to do is obviously make you think that it's a body, but it's pretty clear that it wouldn't be revealed that way, that quickly. no way. no. so, I I definitely think that he's gonna fight back. I think that's a hundred percent guaranteed. I think he's pissed off, Nicky's, he has a short fuse at this point. he's seen how the community has treated him prior to this. oh, you think he's going postal? oh, yeah, he's okay, like, all right. Oh, the community has already kind of discarded him. he's already treated like an outsider. mm-hmm. and then when this case comes up, and now they're literally resorting to physical means to taunt him and to hurt him. I think that now he's gonna get a snap. I think that snapped, he's gonna try to kill every single one of those guys, those, those, those men that tried to kill him. okay. now, back in 1990, a little bit of a surprise for most of us. I did not see this coming. uh? Tom, he's still alive. he's found God. he's sober. he's sobered up. and Lucy has passed away. yeah, it's been a couple years since Lucy passed away. she passed away in Vegas. he says he brought the baddy body back from Vegas. so, you know, they dealt with this tragedy in different ways. obviously it was hard for her, she had to leave. we don't know how she died. but he kind of, he found God, and he's kind of reinvigorated by the idea that Julie still out there and the news of her prince there, you know, at the heart, at the pharmacy. mhm. so he kind of just wants to find out the truth and find and find his fight his child. like this, like this. oh, did you think you could just go on and never once have to look back. now we go forward to 2015. and just me, but you had the whole show figure it out. they bring up different dimensions. ghost amelia has returned in. she's haunting him. yeah, the hallucination was interesting, you know, in it, and it was a different version of amelia, not only physically that we've seen, but also, like, it seemed that she was kind of prodding him, or in questioning him, or kind of antagonizing him, which we don't, we haven't seen her really do that before. we've, we've seen her kind of the more loving side of her and that kind of stuff. and now, this one was more like, you know, you don't want them to find what you left in the woods, and and, and all these questions of dimensions and different realities and timelines. and I think it's just pretty much reiterating the fact that Wayne is is haunted by his loss of memory, by not only her passing, but also the fact that he can't remember what is real and what isn't. yes, we're not looking at different timelines here, I don't think. I think it's just the more to deal with his memory. now, the big thing to keep of note in that little conversation was he left something, apparently, in the woods. he's gotta go back and find it that she knows about, yes? or that his conscious is kind of reminding him about McKenna, he he feels bad about it. or he say something about what he left in the woods. I don't really actually going back into the woods, ya know, maybe he covered something up that he saw, or he, he took justice into his own hands, and, and he's kind of mm-hmm, not telling the whole truth of what happened. kept a clue. maybe he held on to a clue. who knows? now, speaking of going back to the house, we go back again, and we find another clue here, this family photo album, where they find little will his hands, your hands clasped together. I can prayer. it's, it's, it's not like a a rare occurrence, right? if you're going to church, and like, this is something. but they think that someone who took the photo would be linked then to, yes, the killer putting them the hands back in prayer. or not, I think it's a very loose connection. I mean, I, you know, it could be anyone who opened up that book and just found any of that. but it could also be like, you know, a lot of bodies, when they're laid to rest, are either put in prayer or their, you know, hands crossed, or, you know, I don't, I don't think it means that that that is the killer who who also took the photo of someone who prayer. I mean, you know, you'd see hundreds and thousands of people pose that way in religious and so you think, maybe Wayne takes it a little too far. well, yeah, I think Wayne is specifically Wayne. when he sees them, he comes across, the red lights go off in his head he comes across a dead boy's body. you know, that makes them extremely hyper sensitive to anything, any imagery that looks that way. so I think it kind of may be, you know, he's, I think it's another case where the evidence is kind of pulling them in another direction. it doesn't necessarily mean it's the killer. now, back in 1990, I had the return of our our duo, that two detectives team up again. yes, one of the most true detective scenes and all of treaty tech. I loved it. I loved the banter back in forever. honestly, the only thing missing was John Wayne as the like barkeep. that was the only thing missing from that scene, because it felt like, the moment they leave, they get up, I'm thinking, searchers, I feel like, okay, this is great. we're going into a western 90s. this is gonna be the searchers, yeah, I love that. and I think, fittingly, this is the moment where it's gonna be less of those depositions. and now, yep, the case will move forward in the 90s, and we'll get, we're gonna find out what happened after they got back together. I started to Rio they were reopen the case and started working together again. good to have those two back together. and there was maybe a little bit of jealousy on Wayne's part about what happened to Roland. it wasn't like super hard feelings between them, but it got political at some point. mm-hmm. and it seems like they're lighting bygones, be bygones, because they quickly go through that. I loved it. so I about to pick, I know, you know, after so let's end on this. do you think that we have seen the killer yet? I almost want to say yes, but only if if you want to go down the Emilia route, but I'm not doing that. I don't think we do not think we have seen the killer yet, but you're nothing towards. if you had to pick one, it would be a melee area. now, in the comments section, people have pointed out then in the past, you have seen the killer in the third episode of each season. so I don't think they're gonna do it this I don't think the creators will do that this time around. but keep that and keep that in mind that you may have seen the killer in this episode. I'm so, I'm still leaning towards the the white family. I don't something's mysterious about them. I mean, he just bounces right conveniently, right before Halloween. that line, homeless on a safari way. needs a hunter. okay, yeah, just gonna come. fine. I want Wayne to hunt down this guy who thinks he's a hunter. I think I'm just very suspicious about the whoit, whoit foods, and about the people that run that company. um, I have some bad, bad vibes. no, no, 2015, that guys probably long gone. I think at this point, again, we're dealing with maybe just Julie at this point of the story. in 2015, if there's anyone that could help Julie disappear, don't you think it would be someone with deep pockets like the Hoyts. yes, Jake, it's Chinatown. but guys, who's up in the comments. let us know what you think. give us your theories, your predictions, who you think the killer is. killers are. let us know, and obviously come back next week. mmm, episode 4 of true detective. see that. bye, bye. 