what's your highest bounty? there is one job. let's see the puck deposit underworld. all i know is no chain cult grief. cargo said you were coming. he said you were the best in the parsec. i have a comptoner of best car waiting for you upon delivery of the asset. a life that bounty hunting is a complicated profession. this being the case, proof of termination is also acceptable for a lower fee. best car. it belongs back into the hands of a mandalorian. i will help you. you have a land speeder or speeder bike that i could hire? you are a mandalorian. [Music], your ancestors rode the great mythosaur. surely you can ride this. young phone, oh, no. bounty droid, ig, this is acceptable. [Music], we'll bring it in alive. the commission was quite specific. the asset was to be terminated. [Music], my ship has been destroyed. i'm trapped here, stripped, not destroyed. jawa's steel. there's no way to recover the parts. you can train with jawas. are you out of your mind? i will take you to them. i have spoken. [Music], um, wow. [Music], uh, is it still sleeping? yes. there's no way we're gonna get this to work without a full maintenance facility. this is going to take days to fix. if you care to help, it might go faster. [Music], i received your transmission. wonderful news. upon your return, deliver the quarry directly to the client. i have no idea if he wants to eat it or hang it on his wall, but he's very antsy. yes, yes, yes. such a large bounty for such a small package. what are your plans for it? how uncharacteristic of one of your reputation that best car is enough to make a handsome replacement for your armor. these were cast in an imperial smelter. these are the spoils of the great purge. the reason that we live hidden like sand rats. our world was shattered by the empire with whom this tower shares tables. when one chooses to walk the way of the mandalore, you are both hunter and prey. how can one be a coward if one chooses this way of life? have you ever removed your helmet? no. this is the way. this is the way. this is the way. [Music], what did you do to it? what did you do to it. i protected [Music] him. welcome back, mando. now put the package down. [Music] sorghum looks like there's no star port, no industrial centers, no population density. real backwater skugal, which means it's perfect for us. ready to lay low and stretch your legs for a couple of months, you little whomp rats. it's almost my action, mopping up after endor, mostly ex-imperial warlords. then when the amps were gone, the politics started. they were peacekeepers protecting delegates, suppressing riots. not what i signed up for. i'm leaving him here traveling with me. that's no life for a kid. i did my job. he's safe. better chance at a life. he's gonna break his little heart. he'll get over it. we all do. who's here tracking the kid? they know he's here, then they'll keep coming. [Music], yes, commando. is that you under that bucket? hey, mayfield, yeah, here's mando. all right, the good-looking fellow there with the horns, that's berg. hello mando shion. so what's the job? yeah, one of our associates ran a foul of some competitors, got himself caught. quinn, funny, the man who left me behind is now my savior. [Music], no, you killed me. you don't get your money. i did the job. yeah, you did. [Music], kill him, bastard. my friend. if you are receiving this transmission, that means you are alive. you might be surprised to hear this, but i am alive too. i guess we can call it even. a lot has happened since we last saw each other. the man who hired you is still here, and his ranks of ex-imperial guards have grown. we consider him an enemy, but we cannot get close enough to take him out. why so much as book passage on a ship registered to the republic. i'm i have a ship. i can bring you there in bed. i'm not in the mood to play soldier anymore, especially fighting some local warlord. he's imperial. i'm in. so here is my proposition. return to navarro. bring the child as bait. i will arrange an exchange and provide loyal guild members as protection. once we get near the client, you kill him and we both get what we want. if you succeed, you keep the child, and i will have your name cleared with the guild. that thing is programmed to kill the baby. not anymore. is it still a hunter? no, but it will protect. plan was to kill you and take the kid. come on, you can gun me down here and now, and it wouldn't violate the code. but if you do, this child will never be safe. she'll send hunters after the child. it's a trap. bring me. bring you. tell him you captured me. get me close to him, and i'll kill him. queel, ride back to the razor crest with the child and seal yourself in. yes, gideon. have they brought the child? yes, i have. [Music]. you have something i want. you may think you have some idea what you are in possession of. in a few moments it will be mine. means more to me than you will ever know. come in. quill, i'm sorry, nurse, but you're gonna have to get out of here. [Applause], that was unpleasant. i'm sorry you had to see that. the decommissioned mandalorian hunter, dhinjaren has heard the songs of the siege of mandalore. i know who he is. it's moth gigan. no, moth gideon was executed for war crimes. it's him. i was not born on mandalore. you're a mandalorian. it's a creed. the only record of my family name was in the registers of mandalore. moth gideon was an isb officer during the purge. [Music], no, oh, i am not a living thing. [Music], you are a clan of two, and this will make you completely manufacturer's protocol dictates i cannot be captured. [Music], i must be destroyed. [Music]. [Applause], ah. and when you're ready to return, you will have the pick of all quarries. i'm afraid i have more pressing matters at hand. [Music] you 