hey you guys. so insidious is probably also one of your all-time favorite horror movies, and I think it should be. I mean, it had the right jump scares, a great story and one of the most memorable and recognizable movie horror villains of all time. so let's take a closer look at him. so today we'll look at the main villain of not just the first insidious movie, but from the entire series. and that is, of course, the unforgettable Darth Maul imposter, the red face demon. but what is he? what does he want? and how can you defeat him? well look at all those things today. but before we get into all that, let's quickly look at the first insidious movie storyline so that we're all on the same page. insidious is about the Lambert family. the parents, renamed Josh, have three kids, one of which is named Dalton. he's the main character and has the ability of astral projection, which is basically having out-of-body experiences. however, when he's in the state of astral projection, he tends to travel to a mysterious place called the further where many demons and evil entities with bad intentions roam around one day, Dalton has an accident and his house where he falls, hits his head and goes into a comatose like state, which he just won't come out of, no matter what the family tries, and the doctors have no solutions either, even after months, tall nose seemingly stuck in his coma and can't seem to wake out. throughout the movie, we learned that the reason he can't wake up is because he's trapped in the further, where he has been taken captive by the red-faced demon, the reasons for which aren't really made clear until the end. the evil entity is referred to as many different things in the insidious movie series, such as lipstick face demon, red face demon and six deaths. that's how you pronounce it, sixth ass. but we'll just call him the demon for now. he is easily recognizable by his dark body and face, which are completely black, with his face having bright red sections all around. this hungry demon is the ruler of the further, which is, as Elyse explains, this dark purgatory in-between earth, heaven and hell. and it's filled with a lot of tormented souls that died on earth and certain people have the gift of being able to visit this place while being in a relaxed or hypnotized state. but when you are finished roaming the further, you must return to your body's physical location in real life to exit the further. and it's here that the demon has Dalton trapped, so that he can use them to achieve his final objective, which is the same for all of the inhabitants of the further. the goal of lipstick faces to invade people's body, making the hosts. so in this case, Dalton, a lifeless vessel that his honor is complete control. and that's essentially the end goal of this demon. he follows the steps to invade Dalton's body in order to control him so that he can use his supernatural demonic powers to wreak havoc and cause much pain in the real world through Dalton's real-life body. but there is a catch. this process that he has to follow to possess Dalton takes really long, and it takes a lot of effort, which is why Dalton doesn't just become instantly possessed, like in any other possession movie. this is reinforcement. Josh, Dalton's father, sees some of his childhood pictures where a demon comes closer, one step at a time, from pictures that are presumably taken days, if not weeks apart. and I think it's this break in the pattern from so many other horror films that makes this movie so great. so throughout the entire time of his coma, Dalton's body's being slowly invaded by six deaths, yes, even after more than a month. and the more time the demon has, the more control he has over his physical body. so even though the exact process of possessing children isn't exactly described, I believe that for the demon to possess someone fully, it is implied that he has to use a supernatural strength to mentally and physically tortured victims. and it's only after the painful torture that the final step of possession can take place. so the demons powers build up the possession. and the demon targets children like Dalton for multiple reasons. the biggest one, of course, is that he can astral project, as we already discussed. that means that while Dalton is asleep, he enters the further which is ruled by this demon. Dalton's essentially on the demon's turf, where he has no access to him, without even knowing the incredibly evil intentions that he has. and this is what happens when he first falls into his coma. after the accident, he enters the further, and the demon takes advantage of Dalton's childlike innocence to lure em closer to him. and it's after that he lures his targets in that he no longer lets them leave, essentially kidnapping them and putting them in Chains and keeping them in his creepy lair. with the kids tied up and unable to escape, he has all the time in the world to just invade their body, because no one can interfere, because not everybody can just enter the further and save them. so how does one exactly beat the demon? well, well, the red faced demon is actually the only villain that isn't the it in the movies. he's only ever escaped from, but never actually killed. so maybe we'll officially get to see him beat in a new entry to the series. but for now, let's discuss how the characters in the movie can overcome him. so in the film, it's actually a pretty straightforward Dalton was kidnapped by the red demon and is trapped in his lair, which sits behind the mysterious red door. so for Dalton to free himself over the demon, much like if this would have happened in real life, he has to escape the kidnappers home and flee. once he's out of the demons home, he then has to find his way back to his own body without being caught by any of the evil spirits, the red demon or his friend with a job back here. it's sort of like a very high-stakes version of playing tag with a home base and looking for Dalton. most of the dead spirits are about as slow as a bunch of four-year-olds. and this is exactly what happens in the movie. Dalton's father rediscovers his ability of astral projection and comes into the further beats up the guy with gel in his hair, freeze Dalton from the chains, and they both essentially run away from the red face demon, returning to their own bodies and waking up so he can't kill him, at least not yet. all we can do now is one so that's all I got for this video, guys. the evil demon kidnaps kids in the further, torches them while they're there. that way he can eventually possess their bodies back in the real world and cause a lot of damage with his powers. anyways, insidious is really one of my, if not my favorite, horror movie of all time. it was also one of the first horror movies I watched. if you have any questions or objections, you can comment down below. and if you want to see more videos like this, make sure to subscribe or leave a like, or do both if you feel especially generous. and I hope I see you guys in the next video. and thank you for watching. [Music]. you 