welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition. this is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. it is the middle ground between not seeing the show and seeing it. it's the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. this is the twilight zone. the show has just dropped. it's 4th episode in the Jordan Peele reboot. and a traveler like the mysterious character in the episode, definitely deserves a look into. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the show. and it's ending from here or now. it's full spoilers ahead, so if you haven't seen it yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I hope you enjoyed the video. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my ending explain breakdown of a traveler. the episode opens on Christmas Eve, and we join you care an Alaskan state trooper as she pulls into the station after busting her brother, which is a time-honored tradition. whilst the rest of her team appeared to be full of Christmas joy, UK is attempting to keep her head down in the hopes of having a relatively quiet night. every year, the police captain pardons an inmate in the holding cells to celebrate the holiday. and whilst it seems like Yuka's brother will be an easy go to, things aren't as simple as they seem on the surface. after a mysterious star, or rather spaceship, is seen above the deputy office, the strange man appears in the cells. and this episode centers around discovering who exactly he is and what his intentions are. there's a cooler I'll call back in the wrapping paper to an episode called the dummy, which sent it around a ventriloquist dealing with his apparently evil dummy. captain Pendleton. could also be a reference to Ellen Pendleton from the episode known as the library, in which the character works in one which possesses stories on everyone's lives with terrifying accuracy. there's also a shot of a Christmas decoration that looks like the doll from the living doll episode, and a callback to nightmare 20,000 feet with a gremlin and a similar shot. anyway, back to this episode. a traveler, played by Stephen Yin, states that he just wants to be pardoned. and we learned that he's known as an extreme tourist, and that he's traveled up to Alaska as the pardoning parties a world renowned and he wishes to be part of it. Yuuka senses something off about him, and there are clear shots towards Russia throughout the episode, which feel a bit over the top, especially with how much social commentary that already is in the show. they basically say that the country has never invented anything and steal everything. which, yeah. anyway, Pendleton, overwhelmed by the idea of being famous, of course, let's a traveler be the one that is allowed to be pardoned. and he's paraded about the party as a famous youtuber in the same way that my grandma does every time around a house. a traveler, aware that you could suspect something is up, keeps trying to taunt her with the present that he's bought for her, which he promises is something that she's always wanted for Christmas. tensions escalate at the party when the power cuts. and we discover that, due to an Air Force Base, there have been several power outages in the area, which causes arguments within the town electorate to make matters worse. upon staying, that they will pardon you, cos brother. a traveler states that he shouldn't be freed as he stole some valuable tools and therefore should remain confined. the questioning that arises from this causes a traveler to reveal that he knows things about the people from the town. and he looks around the room, revealing in depth secrets about them, which causes the party to break out into a fight over funding and contract surrounding the base. Pendleton calls the party off, but a traveler remains to be questioned, which is when it's revealed that a traveler lied about the tools, and he's actually an undercover agent here to unearth the corruption in the town. whilst they don't believe. a man escorting back to the cells, a traveler hints that he's here for Pendleton and that he and Yuko will be working closely together soon. Pendleton claims he witnesses antenna coming out of a travelers head. but you could has not believe this. and a place heavily into the episodes true meaning. a traveler reveals that due to the town's lacking energy infrastructure, attacking it would be very easy. and he states that captain Pendleton has revealed this weakness to Russian invaders and that they are attacking soon. and Pendleton rushes out into the night to tip off his friends and stop them from being exposed by a traveler's forces. in case you hadn't guessed there, this episode is heavily based on the apparent fake news that the Russian government spreaded during the Trump election. in the same way that such reports got people to turn on one another within America, a traveler uses lies and over exaggerations, as well as the allure to make the characters and the episode opposites the mayor fighting the people is a clear demonstration of this. and it's very apparent that a traveler is manipulating the police office to destroy itself from the inside, so that the travelers species can invade the area. a traveler states that he's done nothing but lie to you get and she investigated all of them except for the one thing that benefited her, which echoes Pendleton's hopeful fame when he first arrived. this again showcases that people will only believe the truth that they are willing to accept. a traveler tells UK that it's too late to do anything about it, but she defiantly races out into the night to stop Pendleton and break up the fights happening amongst the citizens. Yuka holds Pendleton at gunpoint, revealing that the fact he's fled into the night means that it must be true. the two argue back and forth. is Pendleton state it's only a lie if they choose to believe it, which is when spacecraft take over the area and a traveler reveals his true form. Yuka's brother relaxes with the alien and eats pie, content with the fact that they will be better rulers in the end. Yuka had the opportunity to stop the entire event, but was too caught up in the moment, and, like many, wanted power and would believe anything that she was told that would further this goal. this is a bit a sweet example of how we must not get caught up in lies when making decisions, and how ultimately, we are easily fooled by deceit dressed up as the truth. it's probably my favorite episode from the run this far. and whilst the Russian bashing is pretty heavy-handed, I still had a lot of fun with this one, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode. and if you're enjoying the series so far, make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the entire season thus far, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you 