welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka YouTube's number two, and Picard is back with its fifth episode. our mission is to boldly go where no one has gone before and give our thoughts on the new entry, as well as what could be happening in the future. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the ins and outs of the fitnah pursuits plot, it's Easter eggs, and what we thought of it as a whole. we will be engaging with heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to catch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of Picard, episode 5. ok, so just a quick recap of the series so far. after the death of data's daughter, Dodge, Picard made it his mission to track down a twin sister. so Chih Picard put together a crew and set out into the stars to find her. along the way, he picked up a young Romulan from his past named Elinor, and also bumped into seven of nine. episode 5, picks up on the planet vergessen, of the seven domes. and this is a flashback set thirteen years ago. this continues the Stech that we've had so far in the season. and it looks like all of our episodes are going to open in the past to showcase how things happen the way that they did the Star Trek Voyager episode. imperfection ties in heavily with this entry. so if you want some required reading, that's probably what you need to check out. it's not completely compulsive, but it does set up a lot of things. here we see a grueling operation in which is synthetic eyes removed from each AB, who you may remember from Star Trek Voyager. the actor is different, so I didn't initially pick up on this, but it is indeed the same character. each ever was a former Borg drone that was discovered by the Voyager, and he eventually joined the crew and became a close friend of seven of nine. due to their commonality, we learn in the episode that the Gangstar, vajazzle, no.not vajazzle, has been butchering xborgs for parts, and this is why she has the character captive here. seven of nine shows up to save the day, but it's too late, and each herb asks for death due to his wounds and the experimentation. 7m9 begrudgingly carries this out. and it's a big death for the season. we be interested to hear reactions to I don't want to make too many assumptions here as to what's going on, but it's clear that the Borg are once more being painted out as the victims, rather than the bad guys that they used to be. this adds further way to the theory that they're being persecuted, and I'll get into this later in the breakdown. from here, we jump to start a city and free cloud. two weeks prior to the events of the show, we discover that Bruce Maddox has gotten deep with the gangsters, most namely by Jaisal. Maddox has been one of the main MacGuffins of the show so far, along with Sochi, and it's good to finally see the character in an episode. we learned that the Tal Shiar after him, and this is likely because of his work on dodging Sochi. it's been long said that Maddux is the cyberneticist that created the two because he was wishing to make an Android that was as complex as data. he may have achieved this in the twins, and thus he is a key component in finding them. we also know that their mother was fake, and it's very likely that they have different simulations that have raced them through Maddux's programming. he reveals in the episode that he knows where they are, and this pretty much confirms that it was him that sent the characters to their respective locations. dodges mother did tell her to go find Picard, so it's likely that he's been a guardian angel for them. in the episode, we learned that Agnes and Maddux had a relationship, and this is why she joined the quest. I do think that she is a mole because I went to see her. and know we'll find out. there are a lot of clues in this episode. now, similar to each ebb, the original actor did not return for Maddux, and it is a shame that they didn't manage to get the two back. Maddox is drugged by the Jaisal, and she plans to sell him to the Tal Shiar. and this becomes the thrust of the episodes plot. Picard, in seven of nine have a sit down, and we learned that the latter is pretty much a vigilante that works for a group known as the Rangers. the Rangers have been going through the galaxy and righting wrongs, and this makes her want to align herself with Picard. she joins the mission as a trusted ally and helps them a lot. in this entry, seven of nine spent two decades living on earth, and this is why his speech pattern has changed quite a lot. Jeri Ryan, who plays the character, said that this was a conscious choice to show how much she has changed in order to get to the jazel and this Maddux. seven of nine offers herself up, knowing that her Borg parts will be irresistible to the character. this will hopefully swagger jazel away from dealing with the Tal Shiar, and instead, she will hopefully sell to them. the infiltrates TARDIS city. and the Las Vegas esque location requires some fancy dress and some new identities. it's a hilarious aesthetic in the episode, and by far the biggest departure for the show thus far. it's a lot of fun. and no I was worried this scene would be like the Kanto bites bit from Star Wars the last Jedi, they have their tongue place firmly in their cheek. so it works a lot better, in my opinion. the group have to pretend to be the bad guys. and it's funny seeing the over-the-top gangster getup, eyepatch in all Tommy as hell. and I loved seeing that Elmo basically has the personality of a buckingham palace guard. it's more in line with episodes of the next generation, and it's nice to see this style in the show. Rafi has her own mission and goes looking for a man named Gabriel Huang. this takes her to start a city reproductive health services, which turns out to be a family planning clinic. here we learn that Gabriel is, in fact, a CERN and the two have in a strange relationship because Rafi went off the deep end after a career was ruined in the wake of Picard's resignation, Rafi became a conspiracy theorist. and due to her believed that the attack on Mars was an inside job. this drove a wedge between them. Starfleet knocked down the towers. this further adds way to the theory at the moment, that the Romulans were behind the synth uprising, and that they carried this out in order to make the galaxy hate since as much as they did, due to the supernova striking their planet, they had the perfect alibi. and the government could have viewed this as a necessary sacrifice in order to get their way. we do know that a lot of Romulans survived, and it could be possible that these were specifically chosen by the leaders of the planet in order to weed out the weak. either way, this thinking that something else is going on has massively damaged Rafi's relationship with a family. Gabriel's wife is a Romulan, and we can assume from this that a constant digging at something may have caused problems, especially if she believes that the Romulans had something to do with it. the Romulans knocked down the towers. anyway, I'm jumping the gun a bit, but it paints how deep that the repercussions of Picard's actions are. and it's kind of heartbreaking to see that she won't really be in a grand child's life, back in the hive of scum and villainy. vajazzle and seven nine come face-to-face once more. we get a lot more of seven of nines backstory filled in, and it turns out that they have a history, but she managed to get away, and she's had a vendetta ever since. we also learn at seven of nines name is anneka, and that she has her own things going on. it's revealed that getting to me Jaisal has been sevens plan the entire time, and that she's played Picard it just as much as they were playing the gangster. turns out that after the rescue attempts decades prior, that the universe destabilized, and seven of nine would defend wrists to try and keep the peace. it was an ambush, and each ebb was taken by the Jaisal during this and stripped of the pots that we saw in the introduction. but Jaisal offers a trade up of a life form Alex and the group, but grudgingly agrees with Maddux. they travel back to the ship, and seven of nine decides to part ways. she takes guns from Picard, but she offers up the services for the future, which I think the character will definitely be picking up on when he's been painted into a corner. seven of nine is, of course, part Borg, so it does make sense with the fact that they are going to the Borg cube in the future. their parting is a really somber moment. and Picard says that after leaving the collective, he did lose some of his humanity, but it is possible to get it back, and that they have to work on it. seven of nine clearly doesn't have his yet, but you'll try to regain it every damn day of a life. also, we think, she returns immediately to vajazzle duel, wielding the guns that she's just taken, and says that she didn't want to destroy Picard's hope, and thus pretended that there would be some good in her potentially. she kills vajazzle and goes out guns blazing. and personally, it's my favorite moment in the season so far. I really think it works well. and I love going from the emotional moment of the exchange between Picard and seven to pretty much this all-out brawl. Picard breaks the news to Maddox that daash is dead, but he confirms that she does have a sister and that she's on the board cube. agnes looks suspicious as hell at this point. and again, this does make me believe she's a mole that's relaying information back to Starfleet. Maddox reveals that he sent shoji to the cube to find the truth about the conspiracy that's going on between the Romulans and the Federation. I do you believe that the Federation are tied in with the Romulans? and we do know from Admiral. can see that several systems were planning and leaving until the darica pricing, and it is possible, at the to win it together. we also learn the Agnes was part of Sochi in Dodgers programming, and that she helped in creating them. she murders Maddux, potentially to cover up her involvement. and though she seems heartbroken, it's clear that someone is pulling the strings with her. I do believe that Starfleet is behind this, and that they sent Agnes to find out what Sochi knows, as well as where the nests could be. there has been lip service paid to the nest, which is where Maddux could have hidden the rest of this index. I'm not 100% on that theory, so yet drop your thoughts if you pick something else up, as I'm sure many people will have differing opinions. as for next week, it looks like Picard and Co are finally going to the Borg cube to try and rescue Sochi. we see that she's close to discovering who she really is. and personally, I believe it will be revealed that she is the Borg Queen, and this is why the Romulans have been keeping such a close eye on her. the fact that she can activate and easily kill people shows that she has some untapped power. and someone known as the destroyer is likely a high-ranking member of the androids. we see that Picard is having flashbacks to being a Borg himself. and they'll have seen some people say that he may be assimilated next week. if Yuri watch the promo, it's definitely shown it's a flashback. this will probably be the way that they open the episode next week as yeah, you know, you know, they love a good flashback. overall, there's a lot to look forward to, and I can't wait to see what happens next week. this is my favorite episode so far, and I'm glad that the show is just constantly improving. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Picard, so comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you check out our full breakdown of the series so far, which is gonna be linked at the end. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it. it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you wanna come chat us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey will click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see you over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 