detective recapped here. today, i'm going to explain a crime thriller film called the departed. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. somewhere in boston, irish mob boss francis frank costello, stops by a local store. the store owner hands him some money, and frank tells him that he shouldn't make him come down personally again. just for that. the store owner complies. he notices the store owner's daughter as she mans the counter, and frank behaves rudely to her. nobody dares to bat an eye, especially against a man like frank. sitting at his table, a young colin sullivan watches frank. he notices the boy and asks if he's johnny sullivan's kid. colin says yes. then frank proceeds to order the people at the store to buy a full bag of groceries for him and his grandmother, who he's living with. over time, frank becomes a mentor to colin and teaches him about his perspective in life. a man makes his own way. no one gives it to you. you have to take it. after graduating from the academy, colin grows up to be a cop. he manages to be a part of the special investigation unit. on the same day, another newbie named william billy coast, again, is also trying to get into the same unit. however, upon entering the room to meet the team, staff sergeant sean dignam is immediately all over billy. he antagonizes and undermines him at every turn, questioning his lineage, family and personal history. finally, the unit declines billy because of his family's criminal history. they tell him that he's no cop and he'll never be a massachusetts state trooper. just then, captain queen and staff sergeant dignim changed their tone. since billy's family history makes him a shoe-in for blending into the criminal world, he's given a special assignment. the siu wants him to go undercover and go on a fake charge to infiltrate frank costello's gang. billy makes preparations in the criminal underworld, then pays a visit to his cousin to give him the right connections. his cousin mentions a guy named miles kennefick, a friend of theirs who recently died. billy's cousin decides to help him get connected. and they go to meet two guys in a bar. billy's cousin converses with them, and they start to recognize billy as jackie's kid. doubt begins to brew as they wonder if billy's a cop or not. to prove himself, billy proceeds to hit a guy in the bar, almost starting a fight. one of the guys stops him and tells him to keep his cool. he walks up to the man that billy hidden, after telling him that billy is jackie's kid, he continues to beat him up. further at the station, staff sergeant dignam reports miles kennefick to the siu. miles was a man who stole computer chips that could send programmed missiles. colin is there, and he recognizes miles as someone who used to work with frank. later on, colin drops by miles's home to speak with his mother in hopes of getting an interview and some information from her. just then frank drives by. when mrs kennefick saw frank, she becomes scared for her life, then tells colin and his partner to leave. colin looks behind and spots a blue sedan and a white van tailing frank. he returns to the police station. after that, in the elevator, he meets their local psychologist, madeline. they start a flirtatious exchange, then make plans for dinner. as madeline leaves, colin gets a call from frank. colin tells his mentor about the vehicles following him, prompting frank to outmaneuver them until he escapes their vision. meanwhile, billy continues to build his reputation by impulsively hitting two mob guys, charging protection money from a store owner. he soon finds his way to frank's bar. the mob boss appears in person, then approaches billy to tell him that the men he hit were members of a rival gang down in providence. he claims that they'll come back to kill him unless frank does something about it. he proceeds to interrogate billy until he's convinced that he isn't a cop. as he leaves, frank tells billy that he'll take care of the providence situation he got himself into. the men from providence are dead, and colin gets assigned to the crime scene. frank tells colin to take a handgun from the glove compartment in the car they were in, which belonged to someone from frank's rival gang. he was framed for the murder and got locked up. meanwhile, billy meets with frank and his henchman, mr french. billy wears a wire with queen and dignim on the other end of the line, but he rips it out the first chance he got. despite his duties, he's terrified of what might happen if frank finds out. colin continues to serve as frank small making sure that the cops never get too close to him. as for billy, he begins to get affected. while running with mr french and shooting up folks that do wrong to frank, sergeant dignam and captain queen and informed billy that frank has a mole in the siu. with everything piling up, billy starts to feel pressured, and he goes to see dr madeleine. their counseling session gets heated, however, when billy demands valium, madeleine plans to have billy transferred to another counselor. and upon hearing that, he asks her if she'd like a cup of coffee. sometime, the siu makes preparations for an operation to bust frank costello, who's about to sell the microchips to the chinese. colin is surprised, especially when he discovers this at the last minute. he gets further taken aback when he's told that there's an undercover cop in frank's gang. fearing that frank would get caught, colin quickly calls to warn him and inform him that the phones are all tapped. during their meeting, the siu couldn't see or hear much because frank and his men were using blind spots. thanks to colin's warning, they all turned their phones off too. but with billy on the inside, he keeps his phone on and informs queen and that the buyers are there. the deal goes down and the [ __ ] leave by boat. days later, the police arrest the [ __ ] and discover that the microprocessors that frank sold were fake. queen and dignim confront frank about this, but he only shrugs it off and leaves. colin and madeline are now living together. frank tells colin that he's going to need his help to find the mole in his gang, otherwise colin will be the one who'll get in trouble. colin says that he'll need his men's government members and bank accounts to help trace who the guy might be. while billy's making rounds with mr french, the guy he's hitting up suddenly slips. he mentions that frank is a protected informant of the fbi, hence why he never gets convicted. the next chance he got, billy goes to visit queen at his house to report this information. the following day, billy meets up with mr french and the rest of costello's men. they ask about his full name, social security number, bank account, etc. billy places his form on a marked envelope and leaves. against castella's instruction, he heads to madeleine's old apartment and finds her packing her things to move to colin's place. eventually, madeline and billy sleep together, despite her relationship with colin. meanwhile, captain ellerby of the siu assigns colin to investigate who frank's mole in the police force is elsewhere. billy stalks frank and sees him holding the envelopes. billy tracks him down to a dirty movie theater where he goes to meet colin. billy sits in the back row and has trouble identifying colin from the back. frank hands him the envelopes before taking his leave, with colin leaving shortly after him. billy springs up and follows colin down the street and into the night. just as billy's about to catch up to him, colin realizes that he's being tailed. in retaliation, he stabs the figure walking behind him. when he looks to see who it was. colin sees that he stabbed the wrong guy, he immediately makes a run for it. and though billy tries to follow him, he eventually loses the rat. afterward, billy meets frank at his bar, and his so-called boss confronts him. frank intimidates him, already bearing suspicion that billy's the mole, but of course, he completely denies this for the time being. frank lets it go and leaves at the station. colin is now under suspicion by queen and indignam. queen summons colin to his office and gives him advice on how to find frank's mole meanwhile, frank changes his crew members for a job at the last minute and gives billy a night off by switching his cruise. frank can confirm his suspicions on who the rat is when colin checks the numbers. he couldn't find a match on billy, since his records were all erased by queenan's department. he reports this to frank, then follows queenian's advice, follow frank until he eventually finds his rat. but this time he uses that very idea on queen, and he follows him around to find out who his informant is. he orders the force to follow queen, and despite the policeman's hesitation, later queen and billy meet at the top of an abandoned building. and colin uses the information to tip off frank's man. fortunately for billy, frank's men give him a call, telling him to come and help get queenen's guy witch, unknown to them, is billy himself. he and queen and try to escape before frank's men arrive. but queen and decides to stay back and stall them. billy leaves the building, but queening gets thrown out, falling to his death. the police witness this happen and exchange fire with frank's men, resulting in one of them getting shot in the stomach. frank's men, together with billy, make their escape at costello's hideout. billy almost gets caught when the dying man tries to reveal that he gave billy the wrong address, but he arrived at the right one anyway. before he's able to tell anyone, the man dies at the police station. colin gets in a feud with dignam, who was questioning him about why he was following queen in the first place. dignim assaults colin before resigning from the force. later on, colin calls using queenon's phone to find out who the mole is. but billy thinks carefully about whether he should answer or not. finally he decides to answer it. both men listen and wait for the other to speak, until billy hangs up. later on, billy decides to call the number and talk. the two men keep the farce going, but they ultimately fail to identify each other. after the call, holland rifles through queen and things and finds out that frank is an fbi informant. later on, it is revealed that the costello lackey who died was actually an undercover cop. costello hears about this on the news and lets his suspicions of billy go. frank is about to make a large drug deal with billy and the rest of his gang. on the way to a warehouse, frank and billy get tailed by the police. colin convinces them to let the tail go since billy sent colin their destination. the cops give frank space and wait for him to arrive to the warehouse. the drug deal ensues and the cops take positions surrounding the building. milly realizes that a shootout is about to go down, so he leaves the warehouse immediately, the police ambush frank and his men and manages to shoot frank in the stomach. frank tries to escape near the back of the warehouse with his endangered life. he calls colin on the phone for help. when colin arrives, however, he confronts frank about his role as an fbi informant, then asks if he sold him to them. frank says no to this before trying to shoot colin, but he ends up missing colin shoots him back, finally killing frank. with frank costello dead, the operation is labeled as a success. the siu celebrate colin as the one who took the mob boss down. billy now waits at colin's office. when asked if he wanted to return as a cop, milly says he just wants his identity back. colin requests his password to the case files, and the unsuspecting billy complies for a while, colin leaves the room to delete billy's files. while waiting at his office, billy notices the very envelope he used to fill out a form for frank costello and realizes that colin is the mole. billy leaves and visits madeleine. he gives her a brown envelope and asks her to keep it for him until he gets killed, or if he gives her a call, to open it at colin and madeline's place. madeline tells colin that she's pregnant. on the same day, while colin is showering, madeline checks their mail and finds a letter from billy. madeleine opens it and finds a cd. she decides to listen to it and finds a recording of colin talking with frank. completely outraged, madeline refuses to speak with colin. he then reads the letter and checks the recording. afterward, he dials the number on billy's letter and talks with billy, who wants the two of them to meet in the building where queen and died. colin arrives at the rooftop, and billy takes him by surprise by pointing a gun at his head. another police officer arrives in. this time it's the man that billy was friends with in the academy, trooper brown. brown points the gun at billy and tells him to drop the weapon so they could talk. brown is confused. he doesn't know who he could trust. billy takes the elevator down and tells brown to help him arrest colin. by the time the elevator door opens, billy gets shot in the head by colin's friend in the police force, trooper barrigan. he explains that frank had more than just one mole in the force and that frank was about to sell the two of them to the fbi. just then, brown arrives from the stairs, and barrigan shoots him dead as well. while colin is going through billy's corpse, he takes his gun and shoots barrigan. in the end, colin is the only one who left the building alive. colin spins an elaborate story about their situation in the building. he also recommends billy a medal of merit out of guilt for killing him, and attends his funeral. at the funeral, madeline is also there, perhaps thinking to herself that she chose to be with the wrong man. madeline still has billy's envelope, and its contents are later revealed to be a message to dignim. one day, colin is walking back to his apartment. when he steps inside the room, he sees dignim in a tracksuit and clothed footwear. before he could react, dignim shoots colin straight in the head, finally avenging billy's death. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 