[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction drama film solaris. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. chris is a psychologist who has gained prestige in helping out his patients. one night, several unknown men visit chris and bring him a videotape recorded by jiberian, his best friend, who works at a scientific research space station over the planet solaris. in the videotape, jivarian tells chris that he and other crew members have fallen into a tricky situation, and they are all suffering. the best way for them to deal with the situation is to leave the station, but none of the others agree. jiberian believes chris can help them get through their sufferings with his expertise. chris doesn't really know what has happened, as what jiberian says in the video is quite evasive. later, chris learns that when the security force were approaching solaris to help them, they completely lost contact with earth and haven't returned by far. after careful consideration, chris decides to start his journey to solar station. upon his arrival, chris finds the station is so quiet that he doesn't see anyone there. after a whole tour of it, chris feels weird as there are blood stains all over a corner. he follows the stains leading to a lab where he finds two dead bodies, and one belongs to jaiburyan. chris is shocked, having no idea how jibrarian died and what he had gone through. then suddenly, chris hears a series of loud noises coming from one of the rooms. following the sounds, chris finds snot in the control room, whom chris knew before. however, when chris asks about what happened to jaiburyan, snot becomes quite evasive. he only tells chris that they shot the security force when they got in, and that jiberian committed suicide. besides snot, there is another crew member, the physicist, who seems quite nervous and avoids eye contact with chris. but she also tells chris that jaiburyan killed himself. chris wants to know more details, but the physicist refuses to mention anymore, as the two who have experienced it themselves are unwilling to talk about it. chris doesn't know what he should do next. then he notices a boy at the station who runs away immediately when seeing chris. it turns out that he is jaiburyan's son, who seems to have stayed at the station for a long time and knows the station quite well. chris tries again to get some clues from the physicist. this time, the physicist tells him that she comes to solaris to evaluate the development potentials of the planet solaris. however, somehow people at the station started to act abnormally. they became irritable and suffered from psychosis and serious insomnia. therefore, the physicists started to do experiments on the water, food and even the air, trying to find out what caused their abnormal behaviors. but nothing has been found yet. they only know that there exists a kind of creature that is much superior than humans, and its mysterious powers supposed to be responsible for the crew's abnormal behaviors. the first night chris spends at the station is quite different from the usual. he has a dream in which he meets his late wife, rhea, and the two soon experience a passionate reunion. the wife's death really gave chris a big blow. he suffered it for a long time. back to the reality from the dream, however, he's shocked to find that rey appears in his sleeping quarters, hugging and kissing him. but no one knows how she got there, neither does rey herself. reya's last piece of memory is about their home, which is quite dark. in order to see whether the ray in front of him really exists, chris asked her where they first met. and although ray gives him the correct answer, chris is still not sure about whether he should trust her. actually, deep inside chris's mind, he knows the woman in front of him can't be his late wife. therefore, he coaxes rey into a capsule and launches her into outer space. it is not an easy decision for him, as there is only one destiny waiting for reya outside death. just when chris is blaming himself for being so ruthless, snot comes and tells chris it's normal that someone close will visit him the first night here, and that someone is actually not the real person. snot also had his brother as the visitor before, but he hasn't shown up recently. by now, chris finally realizes what they have been suffering at the station. they cannot sleep and dream well, as those who they have deep bonds with will repeatedly appear right in front of them. that night, chris lays back on the bed, hoping that there will be no more dreams. however, nobody can take control of their nerve actions. chris dreams about rhea again and his happy marriage proposal to rhea. as expected, rhea shows up in reality when he wakes up. this time, chris is unwilling to push reya out into space again. he loves reya so deeply that he wants to be with her no matter what happens and who she really is. luckily, the new raya doesn't remember what happened before. for the window rhea looks at the planet solaris, and many memories start to flood back to her. she recalls that she lost confidence in life and committed suicide after a fierce quarrel with chris. though chris soon regretted leaving reya alone at home, and soon returned home. he found reya already dead, which has since become his incubus. so now chris decides to accept reya to compensate his fault and guilt. the physicist, however, has been continuously studying those replica visitors and trying to destroy them completely at the station. moreover, she is strongly against chris's idea to take the replica raya back to earth, which she believes is definitely a nightmare to those innocent humans and may cause people to go crazy and kill each other. chris argues that those superior creatures on solaris won't bother to make them recall their deepest memories if they want to harm humans. however, the physicist still stands her ground and will never let chris take reya back to earth. so she blabs to ray that chris sent her away into space before causing reya to fall into great pain. the physicist then tells chris it's a mistake to become emotionally engaged with rhea, who is not human at all, but only a mirror reflecting upon his mind. the physicist also had such a visitor before, and she destroyed it, as she believes it's beyond human morality. the physicists and chris keep arguing about whether ray is a replica or not, but neither of them can persuade the other. chris's situation becomes worse every time he wakes up from sleep. and this time he sees his best friend, jiberian. he poses a profound question to chris, whether chris himself is a human or just a puppet trapped inside a human body. chris becomes even more confused by his words. he asked jibarian why he killed himself and why he left his son alone. the chris's shock, jiberian says that he just did the right thing at that time, and neither his wife nor his son is real. besides, he asks chris to stop thinking about what solaris wants from them and stop trying to find a solution, or he will die. there actually, there is no answer, but only personal choice. but chris doesn't want to give up on rail like that, so he is determined to figure out the answer. when chris wakes up again, both jai baryan and reya disappear. later, he finds real lying on the ground, already dead. after drinking liquid oxygen. he immediately takes reya back to the rest area. and then something unbelievable happens. reya comes back to life. after a series of convulsions, and the wounds over her body miraculously heal. it seems like the hallucinated ray in front of them will never die physically, because she lives in chris's deep mind and can be generated endlessly by the unknown power from solaris whether to activate the rebirth process actually depends on chris himself waking up and finding herself back to life again. reya is desperate, but actually there is one way that can eliminate the replica visitor completely, which is to use the device called annihilator, invented by the physicist, and she has already tested its effectiveness on her own visitor before. they all know that reya is not a real human and all that has happened is chris's imagination existing in his mind. the reason why reya kept trying to kill herself is also due to his memory that the real rhea is dead. the thing that chris desperately wants to make it up for rhea drives him to nearly lose his mind and forget all about his real mission at the station. while the rest believe that the only way to deal with it is to destroy reya completely, so as to take chris out of his hallucination and prevent him from bringing the replica ray to earth. struggling, chris is so tired that he finally falls asleep. his mind drifts back to the night ray killed herself. and when he wakes up, he sees a video made by rhea in which she bids her last farewell and tells chris that she's made her final choice and it's better for him that way. raya knows that she reads his personal stuff and figures out she's not the human reya, so she can feel her love towards chris. chris is furious and questions the physicist why she does that to reya. the physicist says it was rey's request and she has no right to say no, and now they regain connection with earth and can finally return to earth. however, when looking up at the ceiling, chris notices some blood stain there. he opens it and finds a dead body, who turns out to be the human saw the snot at the station. now is actually a replica generated and controlled by solaris. and the replica snot replaced the human snot by killing him. the physicist thinks they may use the annihilator to terminate the replica snot, who, however, tells them that it is impossible for them to kill him, as there is no enough energy left to activate the annihilator. what's more, the station is getting too closer to the gravitational field of solaris, allowing solaris and its puppet, the replica snot, to affect the crew members easily. in a panic, chris and the physicist try to find a way to get rid of the replica snot, but to no avail. as the station is pulled towards solaris by its strong gravity. the physicist and chris head to a space lifeboat, planning to escape the station. however, chris gives up the idea of boarding the boat. he chooses to stay behind instead. back in the station, chris is suffering and on the verge of losing his mind. he then meets jaiburyan's replica son, helping him to get up. later, he finds himself brought back to his home on earth, where he's astonished to see his cutting wounds on his finger healing up in no time. and also coming back home rhea, who assures him that all they have ever done is forgiven, and they no longer have to struggle between life and death. all of which implies that chris has also been turned into a replica, controlled by the mysterious power of the planet solaris. and because of that, he can stay with reya forever. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 