welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and if you're still in the dark over well, dark, then this is the video for you. the third and final season has just wrapped up, and there's a lot to unpack from it the time you why me wibbly-wobbly series feels like you need a PhD. in theoretical physics to understand. but we've hopefully created a breakdown that's gonna be dark for dummies, and should guide you through this series as simply as possible. now, obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you drop a thumbs up, and don't forget to subscribe to the channel if you enjoy the video. without the way, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our breakdown of dark. ok. so dark as a whole has very much been about ensuing one survival no matter what. this has been shown through several of the characters, who pretty much all had to do something bad in order to guarantee the way things happen are always the way things happen. atom is a key character that signifies this. and in order to make sure that Jonas would go and to become him, he killed Martha just before the apocalypse at the end of season two. in his eyes, this would set things in notion that will continue the loop in which Jonas would become him, and thus the status quo would remain. however, dark through a cave ball in the final few moments of season 2, and we were introduced to an alternate version of Martha that saved him from the apocalypse. the third entry is very much about breaking this loop, and it culminates with Claudia convincing Adam to do so. by the actions we've seen a carry out throughout the show. predominantly, the three travelers we need to be aware of are Jonas, Martha and Claudia, as they're pretty much who the show revolves around. now, my notes for this look like the walls of a psychiatric ward, but I'll try and keep things as simple as possible. so I will be glossing over certain elements in moments, just so we aren't looking at an eight hour long video. initially, it seems like there's two worlds with all the timelines happening at once. which leads to a straight line in which all intertwine. this is actually proved to be wrong at the end of the show, but we'll get into it now. season 3 opens Amy after the head-scratching ending of season 2, and it begins with the burning of the family tree that's been at the center of the time-travel show. this signifies the message that all must end in order to save everyone. and it's a neat way to open the series. so we have a sort of subtext of what must be done. if you thought things couldn't get any more confusing, then prepare to be proven wrong, because the first half of the third entry feels like trying to put a jigsaw together blindfolded, with your hands tied behind your back. the alternate version of Martha and Jonah's journey through to a mirror world, which is exemplified by the title sequence, being reversed. in this world, everything is sort of taking a similar course for the last two seasons we've seen, however, at the same time, everything has changed - there's minor details that are very subtle. and we can see examples of this in the chair outside the cave, switching sites. it also appears in other elements, such as the house being reversed. and this world be forms, not with world a, in which everything travels on a continuous loop. at the start of the season, Martha abandons Jonas in 2019 B so that he can learn about breaking the cycle. in world B, the apocalypse still happens on June 27 22 way, that's today. and we see that Martha and Jonas pretty much switch places. as the traveler, this is the alternate timeline that Claudia was referring to as the world without Jonas. also shining reference. now, on the whole, a lot of the characters in the show exists because of something known as the bootstrap paradox. in this theoretical situation, a scientist finds a book on his doorstep. this book details all of the ins and outs of time travel and uses it to build a time machine. he then travels back in time to leave himself the book, and thus the loop can continue. this is how a lot of the characters in the show are created. and primarily, most of them exist because someone in the future traveled back to the Past to set things in motion. thus, you remove one elements, such as Mikkel, and then Jonas can't be born, and everything changes. other notable differences we see early on, and will be other Ulrich is cheating on Hannah with Charlotte, and Waller doesn't have an arm instead of an eye. and Regina tied men also died prematurely. in world a, we learn that older Jonas traveled back to the 1880s, and Arthur goes to visit him in order to supposedly lead him on a different path. she tells all the Jonas, who I'll be referring to as the stranger, so things don't get confusing, about younger Jonas from their world, informing her of this, which the former doesn't remember. and thus he believes that things may have been altered in the loop. however, we learned that this was actually done by Adam. he knew his past self would be too gullible to question anything. this was in exchange for Martha learning about the origin aka her unborn child. and yet, it's a lot of time. you why me wibbly-wobbly stuff, but basically, at the core of everything, you have all of the characters trying to break the loop. breaking the loop is something we've had lip service paid to in earlier seasons. and this is the key to everything. it was said that every time a loop happens, something minor changes. so if enough of these minor changes happen, then one thing could end up being the straw that breaks the camel's back, or rather, ties everything together. I'll discuss how this fulfills in just a bit, but the binding of things is something you need to bear in mind. now, it's during this time that we see the stranger slowly being persuaded into creating a paradise through sick mundus. the final episode is called paradise, and thus the idea that the stranger has to become Adam is planted here. actually enjoyed seeing Sigmund is formed and their ideologies and also failures. they basically believe that time travel can save everything. but as we know from Rick and Morty, trying to use it just leads the society eating its own tail, and it's a path to damnation. this is reflected in tan house, who tried to resurrect his family because he believed they would be alive in the macro bursts due to the theory of Schrodinger's cat. however, he ended up creating divisions from the origin world which gives us an inkling of how things have happened for our protagonists. now it's great seeing this play out in motion. I loved watching how Martha sort of became the atom of her own world as Eva, or as Jonas calls her auntie. they are the chosen ones from both their worlds. and the Adam and Eve picture we see in this season is split down the middle because of this. now we basically watch the two mirror one another as they try and navigate the complex landscapes of the loops and convince themselves to break it in order to return things to how they should be. a lot of the season also fills in the blanks and max2 elements that we've only heard about, but not really being privy to you. this involves Elizabeth and Noah, Charlotte meeting Elizabeth in the future. Hannah going to the past, the nuclear plant being built. Katrina tried to save Ulrich. Katrina getting killed by her own mother. the Mads murder investigation bought us following Agnes and a lot lot more. now, one of the most notable elements to be aware of is that Martha and Jonas traveled to 2050 to be it's here that we learned that Jonas has to let go of Martha in his world in order to save it. and the reason that the apocalypse has happened so many times before is because he's refused to. both Adam and Eva, throughout their lives, have been basically laying the groundwork in order to guarantee that things continue to be the weather they are, because they believe that it will untie the knot, when ultimately it just binds it tighter. now by the end, we actually learn that there are three worlds, and that a and B are the ones that should have never existed. the origin world is actually the paradise and combination of these two worlds, and it's the way that things should be. dark has primarily moved in motions of three, with a symbol of the triquetra being something that ties everything together. just as we primarily got timeline jumps of 33 years, we also have three worlds and so on and so forth. in numerology, 3 is a number that means divinity. and this is referenced in the Trinity of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit and Christianity. in Christianity, the number 333 is, in fact, seen as an opposite to 666. and if you see it, it means you have been visited by guardian angels that will look after you. \xc3\xa9va also tells Jonas that humans lived three lives. and the idea of three is laced throughout the season. now, though the worlds in dark are shaped by duality, such as black and white, light and dark, it is far more complex. and this third world is sort of the best of both worlds, if you will, that sort of brings what should have been together. thus, everything isn't about time. it's more about realities and making the best one possible. now, at a crazy moment in the season, an alternate version of Martha shows up and kills Jonas, hammering home this idea of there being other options. but what we've been told, and this, of course, mirrors how Martha was sure at the end of season two, these switch points, alternate, certain passages in action, but they always eventually end up coming back as part of the same path, with the realities overlapping and causing one another. however, it is possible to break them. though everything is put on this predetermined path, it doesn't mean that you have to travel it. this kind of sets up everything for the finale. and we watch as Claudia visits Adam, who shot that she's alive. she reveals that though he's been trying to untie the knot through killing Martha and therefore the origin, that he's actually been ensuring that this causality loop continues. she tells him that he must enforce the way that things are in the past and make sure that it all happens exactly the same up until this one moment that we see happening on the screen. it turns out that claudia has actually been trying to save Regina this entire time. by erasing all worlds in which she dies. she's kept everyone in the dark, lying to both Adam and Eva throughout their lives. so things inevitably lead to this conversation. this ties to the theme of motherly instinct. and just in how claudia has been trying to save a child, eva has been trying to save her whoo-hee learn is the new man that's been introduced in the series, as well as his younger and older self. claudia says that they have to prevent the invention of time travel by tan house, which will mean both worlds will no longer exist. the Gateway to this opens when the time machine first turns on, as a creative moment in which time stands still. and thus they can break the chain, as the chain does not exist. Claudia says she's already used a moment to change things in the past, and Adam possesses the ability to do so too. however, in order for this to happen, things must always happen the way that they have up until a certain point, which is why Martha killed Jonas in the scene from failure. now things slightly altered, Adam is able to visit Jonas at the moment of the apocalypse, and together they travel to we'll be here. he tells him that everything that has happened in world a and B has been caused because of their stubbornness. but he's finally ready to change things. Adam sends Jonas to stop Martha from coming into contact with Magnus and Francisca, and thus she will not become Eva and he will not become Adam. he manages to pull it off, and together they travel with one another in order to bring tan houses family back. study never goes on to build a time machine elsewhere. Adam burns picture of adamandeva, signifying the end of their loops. jonas tells martha that they must sacrifice their lives to make sure that all the sorrow they eventually go into cause never happens. they are the glitch in the matrix that lead to their worlds becoming hell on earth. and in order to get the paradise they wish for, they need to make sure they don't travel down the routes we've seen across the series. Adam visits Eva, as he has always done, but where he would normally kill her, he's removed the bullets in the gun and shows that things can change. it's actually a really touching moment between the two as he tells them that everything they've done will be forgotten as both will be wiped out. they actually share a hug. and, yeah, it's amazing seeing things change. their love and hate is what caused so much pain, and they're finally at peace after realizing they can't escape the labyrinth that they've created for themselves. in the tunnel, Martha and Jonas reached the doorway in the cave and went on house switches on the machine they're transported to Nabisco, in which they can see each other's realities. this is the moment in which everything is fractured, and thus they use it to travel to the origin world. here we witness Marek, tan houses son, who has a blazing rail with his father, before driving away into a storm with Sonya in their child. Jonas and Martha materialize and stop him from travelling to the bridge, which is where the family ended up being in an accident that cost them their lives. they convinced him to stop through showing that they know him, and thus save his life. so tan aus never needs to create the time machine. a nurse that the fractures will never exist. Marek returns to his father and says that he believes the pair were angels. and this ties back to the number 333 that we mentioned earlier. now, with the world's no longer being created, neither Jonas or Martha can exist as how they were. and they slowly started to disappear, with Jonas staying, you and I are perfect for each other. never believe anything else. they hold hands as they disintegrate, which mirrors the other travelers vanishing to finally, they have broken the loop. and it's a bittersweet moment in which we see them no longer experiencing the hell's that they've been trapped in. every character had been trying to ensure their survival all this time in order to carry on the loop. however, they realized that they had to break it in order to make it so that everyone else had a better life. and it's a really sentimental moment that speaks the notion of sacrifice. their worlds and lives will have just been a dream. and we cut to the characters, namely Hannah and Regina, living in the original world, the paradise in which there was no apocalypse. we see Hannah, Willa, Benny, Peter and Regina having a dinner party. and Willa's I isn't as bad. Hannah is pregnant, and everyone seems a lot happier. Hannah has a certain moment where she stares at a raincoat, and I believe this deja vu is her remembering for just a brief moment, there other lives in the mirror worlds. she says that they have free of everything, and no longer tied to the predetermined paths that have had them existing with one another on an almost permanent loop for eternity, she says. Hannah felt good being free of it. so we do know that the characters we saw perish did get a happy ending. they stopped the world from destroying itself, and now they all have a future that won't involve the past. and so on. the season ends with the group asking Hannah if she's thought of any names. and she stares at a yellow raincoat and says, Jonas, before the screen cuts to black. now what this means is that the Jonas we knew will still live on in some form Erna there, as will most the characters that we've grown to know and love. however, at their dark nightmare, versions such as Adam will just be a dream, and the characters will instead get happy lives instead of the torture that they've endured for over several lifetimes. things have changed, but they change for the better. and all of the events that would lead to the murder of children, the death of millions and more have been taken out the future. because of Jonas and Martha's sacrifice. they finally broke the chain so that the world could continue without the versions of themselves that we witnessed. the lights going off. and on in the house symbolized that they'd taken us out of the dark and into the light. hence, the season and series as a whole, leaving dark is one of the best sci-fi shows ever made. so that concludes our breakdown, and obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. and if there's any alternate theories or things that you feel like talking about, make sure you comment below and let us know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. make sure you check out our breakdown a Man of Steel, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over all the insane details in it. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. also shouts beyond gaming for watching the series with me, as it's massively helped having someone to talk to about just how insane this is. now, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, and there's a thank you. you get access to content early. we're gonna come chat to us after the show. either follow us that heavy spoilers, or click the disk or link in the description below. with all that out of the way, thank you for sticking until the end. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 