selfie from Halla is a 2018 horror movie that builds upon the viral YouTube short of the same name. the movie takes the aesthetic of a piece of technology similar to the ring or unfriended, and subverts it to fit the horror genre. there's a lot to unpack from the film, and throughout this video, I'll be discussing the movie in full detail, as well as giving my opinion on what the film represents. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this for now if you want to go in with fresh eyes. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. Julia, an online blogger, travels to the u.s. to visit her cousin, Hannah, and becomes extremely ill upon arrival. after Hannah researches her cousins videos on the Internet, she discovers that she's been listed as deceased by many online outlets, with her cause of death remaining a mystery. on hit by a mysterious, shadowy figure, Hannah slowly doubts into the dark web, where she discovers more and more twisted things about her cousin's past. this deep dive into the Internet's underground attracts unwanted attention. and Hannah foolishly gives up details about her personal life in order to gain entry to information on what can help her cousin. taunted by a mysterious voice over the phone, Hannah is drawn to the black room, which is an area of the web that can draw forth a murderous ghost should all of the content that is located on it be watched. as Julia's illness evolved into an unnerving possession, things worsened by Hannah as she is attacked and bound in her home. her attacker is revealed to be the mysterious voice on the phone, and he explains that once 13 selfies are taken of her, the demonic force will appear and kill her. this is the one that was haunting Julia, and it brings death to all who attempt to summon it. the attacker attempts to take pictures, but is stopped in the last second by Hannah's friend Cameron. he frees her, but also admits to watching 13 selfies in the black room. unable to rest, he traces the signal of the videos to an abandoned house that he and Hannah search, they discover a video of a doctor describing a catatonic killer that has been linked to several murders. in the video, they see the doctor waking the killer his vegetative state by showing him images on a screen. delving deep into the house, they discovered the hanging body of the killer, and an apparition appears and attacks them before the 13th selfie, which is a hanging man, chokes on the noose. after the hanging man's attack, Hanna finds herself trapped in a picturesque landscape where the 13th selfie tortures her as it fades to black. personally, I take selfie from Hell to represent a lot of things about modern-day social media. all of the characters wish to make themselves appear in a certain way in their selfies, yet the shadow still haunts them. rising anxiety and depression rates are often attributed to pressures of social media. and the darkness that surrounds them is similar to this. Julia particularly wants to present a happy image to the world, and this signifies pretending to have a perfect life on social media. bust her demons hide below the surface. her boyfriend is dead and the demon stalks her, but she still wishes to carry out the masquerade on social media. and it highlights how fake everything is becoming. this is further cemented by the film's ending, in which Hannah, Julia and Cameron believe that they are living in a picture-perfect world, all the while secretly being trapped in a world of torment. metaphorically, it highlights the dangers that come from lying to ourselves and others about how perfect everything is, and how this opens us up to pressures that involve constantly trying to live up to standards that are unattainable. it's an interesting take for me, but one that unfortunately falls flat in the film slightly due to the mediocre acting and poor resolve. I expected more from this film, so cannot really recommend it as such. so what do you think of selfie from hell? did you watch the original viral video? and you think viral videos should just stay by rule videos? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I break down films like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film. recently I discussed the ending of Slender Man, so make sure you check that video out next linked at the end of this one. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 