[Music]. we all have that wacky friend who thinks they're so I'll turn it because when you ask, what's your favorite Christmas movie, they reply, die hard. slow clap for that guy in is crazy off-the-wall opinions. your mental you are that you're one of those people who thinks the Star Wars prequels with the terrible puppet Yoda are better than the originals with the also terrible puppet Yoda. little does your wacky friend know, though, that there's an even better alternative Christmas movie. that movie is die hard to die harder. throughout this video, I'll be discussing why the seminal sequel has more in common with the story of our Lord and Savior than you could even imagine. so sit back your [ __ ] and listen to my new crazy alternative answer. I'm so lucky me. reason 1, it stars Jesus. throughout die hard 2, Jesus makes several appearances. the plot film centers around rescuing a middle-east inish man named general Ramon Esperanza. while some Liars may have you believe that he is Russian or some other nationality that America hated during 1992, I think that he actually symbolizes Jesus, our Lord and Savior, persecuted. throughout the film, we see that the evil John McClane wants to put an end to his holiness, his holiday home and end his return to freedom, depicted as a villain. we see that the general, or should I say, Jesus, is nice to those around him when he gives kind words to that soldier. while some would argue that he murders the soldier, I believe that he is, in fact, filling him with the Holy Spirit and sending him on his way to heaven, murdered, much in the same way Jesus was. we see the great generals suffer for our sins on Christmas and ascending to heaven wrapped in a beautiful light. reason to the she's in it. one of the more modern characters conjured up for Christmas is the Grinch. this heartwarming story tells the tale of a grumpy, greedy, grinning Grinch that wants to steal Christmas from all. throughout the original work, we see the Grinch go on a journey of self-discovery as he learns to love the holidays. once more, similar to this, we see the character captain carmine Lorenzo turn from belem to trusted ally as he learns the joy of Christmas and murder. starting off as a cliched, authoritative jerk, you will fall in love with Captain Lorenzo as he lets you learn the joy of giving, once more, giving traffic tickets. that is this brilliant depiction, whilst infringing on copyright, reminds us of just how Christmasy diehard 2 is. reason 3, it's set at Christmas. I guess I'm beginning to scrape the barrel a bit here, but did you know this is gonna blow your mind, that die hard to die harder is set at Christmas? you didn't? well guess what. in fact, it is. so that's really Christmassy. reason for it has an old person riding something in the sky. during die hard too, we see a graceful old British woman on her journey through the night sky before she is casually killed in a plane crash. however, had her journey been successful, she would have most likely landed, travel to a child's home and handed out presents. metaphorically, she clearly symbolizes Santa. I just feel sorry for her grandchildren, who would have awoken to the fact that, not only was their grandmother dead, for that, they also didn't have any presents, as they were most likely all on the plane. this reminds us that Christmas is full of tragedy. to the perfect Christmas message. reason 5, - Shh - shut up, mate. - shut Oh, look, yet if you're one of those people who think giving die hard is an answer for your favorite Christmas movie, it's really creative and unique, then you need to sort your sodding life out. you're not original. you're not clever. you're a complete idiot. billions of people exist like you who think this, Oh, special. well, your not tell you what, mate. stop saying stuff like The Hobbit movies or better than Lord of the Rings and ant-man is actually bought popular than Superman. it makes you look like an idiot desperate for attention with your alternative opinions because you have nothing else going on in your life. you're pathetic. and I hope you have a terrible Christmas. anyway, make sure you subscribe my channel. yeah, thanks. so that was my list of five reasons why die hard 2 is more Christmassy than die hard. one bit of a terrible video, wasn't it. probably shouldn't have released it, but I did. and I just want to say thank you to everyone who's checked down my website this year. I've seen a huge increase in traffic, which is all down to you. sub thanks. please like and share this video to spread the joy of Christmas. and I hope you have a brilliant year. 