[Music]. annie just came back from a business trip. found one more in the house, labyrinth made of cardboard boxes. this is made by her boyfriend, dave. what surprised annie was dave got lost in this doghouse like maze. haven't come out for three days. this makes annie very broken. this small maze of cardboard boxes make it impossible for an adult to get out. how naive is this? she called her boyfriend's good friend, gordon. want him to enlighten dave. gordon will be here soon. it's hard for him to understand an adult. why did you do such a naive thing? he called their mutual friend, away. but away is not the only one here. away thinks dave's behavior is very interesting. plan to make a documentary for him. he called everyone he met on the road. everyone is curious about this carton maze. want to go in to explore the competition. want to go in and find out. although dave has repeatedly stated not to come in. but everyone still can't resist curiosity. got in together. after entering the maze, they found out that the inside is really big. there is actually a mechanism that is not allowed to be pressed. next second, i feel so painful across the screen. go inside, the more people find it incredible. it's a superb workmanship. there is actually a piano corridor. everyone is having fun here. annie is worried that dave is in danger. then they set off again. this time, i came to a garbage hut. this time they were stunned. thousand paper cranes actually came alive, actually attacked them. here is full of all kinds of weirdness. just when they panic, the door of the hut is slowly closing, it's too late to quit. no way. can only escape from the paper giant's mouth from the outside, a paper maze the size of a doghouse. it can fit a building inside. they found this maze not the same as before, flying thousand paper cranes, moving paper giant one. there are also strange institutions. inadvertently, this woman triggered the mechanism. next second, the sky is spraying wine with red color bars. everyone is horrified. immediately fled into another room. after calm down, annie unknown, why did dave make a sandman mechanism? at this time, bryn ran in with a horrified face. she told everyone her boyfriend got caught when bryn let everyone to check. but i found out that my boyfriend was gone. anna, who was about to collapse, took out a utility knife. she is going to cut the paper wall. but i didn't expect the paper shell to be hard. a strange wind hits a muscular paper shelled. tauren, in the distance, walked towards them. brynn made soy sauce in an instant. everyone was scared and started to run. tauren chased after the way to escape. everyone ran into dave by accident. annie questioned him, what is happening? dave said he didn't know the situation either. i just wanted to create a kennel sized fan announcement, but i didn't expect it to be built bigger. all monsters come alive. just take everyone got into a carton. this is a magical passage. when they come out, all become carton people. shall we press all here? we should keep going. unexpectedly, there are still many organs here. fortunately, after they came out of another channel back to the original. dave walked out of the maze, but found that the maze came alive, constantly expanding. even the home has become part of the maze. they passed by a hut. i found brynn, who had been soy sauce at this time. brynn has become a carton person. she has been tempting everyone to give him high fives. but everyone is not fooled. directly wrapped her with a rope. bryn uncovered, turned into a huge hand because the other end of the rope is wrapped around the photographer's feet. he also naturally beaten soy sauce in order to let everyone escape this maze. dave thought of his theory when he made the maze, only complete the maze to destroy the maze. the maze is not yet complete. there is still a lack of end device. so dave quickly built the end quantity device. sure enough, it's a small craftsman. then dave stood up, the knife chopped down with the n-volume device destroyed. there was a strong wind in the maze, violent shaking around. the walls also began to collapse. when they wake up, found myself lying in a pile of cardboard boxes. they are saved. successfully escaped from the maze. after the story is drunk was thrown under the carton in a garbage dump minotaur actually got out. don't know, in the real world, minotaur chasing people, or a group of people chasing the minotaur. i am on the cloud. see you next time. 