[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction thriller film in the shadow of the moon. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. a series of creepy murder happened one night in 1988 philadelphia. three victims, a pianist, a waiter and a bus driver, who appears to have no connection with each other, are found dead in exactly the same way, with massive blood out of their noses, eyes, mouths and ears. rock is a policeman, and his wife is about to give birth to their first child that night, but he's busy with his duty. upon receiving a report about a murder case of a bus driver, he and his fellow rush out and arrive at the crime scene soon while a foreign detective shows up later. he's rock's brother-in-law and is in charge of the previous three murder cases. he suspects these cases were committed by the same serial killer. as the victims died in the same way, with multiple bleeding on the head and three pinholes on the back of their necks, which is supposed to cause their brains to melt down. rock believes this might be his big chance to get promoted. and move away from the poor district. he and his fellow visit the forensic doctor for more details, and are shocked to learn all victims have been injected with some unknown poison, which can't be identified due to the limited medical techniques. at night, when he's still on duty, rock takes a chance to buy a bracelet, intending to send it to his wife as a birth gift. before long, he receives another report. a strip girl was attacked and also got three pinholes on the back of her neck. she's still alive, so rock and his fellow rushed to meet her. she confirms the attacker is a black girl in a blue hoodie, and her right hand seems wounded before making the attack. soon after that, however, the strip girl starts bleeding and dies suddenly. thanks to the information, the police take action quickly and arrest several female suspects with the same features. while rock's patrolling with his fellow that night, a girl with the same features bumps into their car by accident. she then climbs over their car and runs away. in haste, the two follow her tightly all the way to a subway station and call for backups. in the meantime, the police center is calling rock that his wife's just sent to hospital and asking him to return right now. without noticing that, rock keeps chasing the suspect to the subway station underground, where he picks up a syringe supposedly left behind by the suspect. as the station is blocked, the suspect has nowhere to hide. she shows her fighting skills and hits the fellow police down before the escape. she is then controlled by the coming rock. much to his surprise, the girl knows rock and even calls out his name. she congratulates the birth of his daughter and expresses her regret for his fellows death, as well as her willingness to see rock later. rock is totally confused by her words, for the fellow is still alive. but when he is about to handcuff her, the girl kicks his gun off his hands swiftly and sees his rock, after severe tussling in such an emergency, rock stabs the girl on her leg with a syringe. the girl doesn't expect that and falls to the subway platform right before being crashed into pieces by a coming train. later, the forensic doctor tells rock they find no trace of the girl's identity, except for a bullet found on her right hand, which is, however, shot from brock's gun. rock feels even more puzzled by that, for he hasn't hit a bullet that night. rock has no time to think it through as his wife is bearing right at that moment. their newborn daughter survives, but his wife leaves them forever due to a terrible hemorrhage. in pain and regret, rock becomes obsessive towards these murder cases. nine years later, on the same day in 1997, when it's the birthday of rock's nine-year-old daughter, rock goes visit his wife's tomb on the ninth anniversary of her death, but they find someone has already visited there, and the ablation is a [ __ ] right then, rock receives a new murder case report, which is the same as the cases that happened nine years ago. this time, one professor is found dead with his head bleeding and three pinholes on his back neck. through the surveillance camera, rock is astonished to see the suspect dresses in exactly the same blue hoodie as the one did nine years ago. what's more, they even have the same wounds. on the right hand, rock decides to check stuff left by the suspect girl nine years ago. he's surprised to find a key to an airplane made in 1996. he finds it hard to explain why the suspect girl, living in 1988 has a key to a new airplane getting made in 1996. so he and his fellow decide to check the nearby airport. right then the physicist comes to meet rock and shares with them some results he has studied for a long time. he says that the super moon appears every nine years, and it's the right point for the murderer to show up again. in theory, resulting from that astronomical phenomenon, a time bridge that connects the future in the past would be created, which would make the time travel possible. but as a man of logic, rather than super nature, rock doesn't believe his smelly [ __ ] and heads to the airport instead. later. however, as the physicist predicts, the suspect girl shows up again. this time she creeps in from rock's back and ties him up to a chair. rock is shocked to see her again since he saw her death nine years ago. while struggling, he manages to call his fellow for help. when his fellow rushes in for rescue, the suspect girl kills him by shooting at his head. then rock is kidnapped to an airplane. inside a suspect girl explains that she's trying to save more lives and hopes he could stay away from it. besides, she could return to his timeline only for a short period every nine years. shortly after, rock is kicked out of the plane and falls into the sea. he finds the airplane crashed with no track of the suspect girl on the spot. but right now, rock begins to believe that she's coming from the future. time flies by. nine years later, in 2006, due to the mysterious murder cases, rock behaves nervously and got fired for his insanity someday. in the past nine years, he has been searching for the connections between those victims killed by the suspect girl, trying to work out the answers. he finally gets to know a man killed in 1988, whose death was mistaken for taking too many drugs from the three same pinholes on his neck. however, rock realizes the man was actually killed by the suspect girl. so rock goes to check for more information from the man's wife. he then learns that the man was a crazy racist who always spread his extremism to members of the racist groups all over the country. with no exception. all people who were killed by the suspect girl were his supporters. after realizing that, rock deduces some horrible events will happen in the future, and the suspect girl will travel back to kill those lunatics to stop some disaster. it then comes to the 18th birthday of rock's daughter. however, she stays closer to her uncle before a detective instead of her father. rock shares what he has found out with a foreign detective, who, however, can't take his super moon theory seriously, so he refuses to give rock any further assistance. rock has no way out but to steal his police id so that he could follow the case and investigate other members of the racist group. he drives there as soon as he knows the other member's address, but finds the woman's just been killed right before his arrival. the murderer is still the suspect girl in her blue hoodie. he shoots at her several times, but just hits her on the right hand so he follows her all the way to the seaside, where the girl runs in a hurry and crawls into hidden drainage. after getting inside, rock finds her sitting in an egg-shaped time machine, which disappears suddenly as a blue light flashes. when rock gets out of the drainage before a detective is waiting outside and arrests him, rock tells him that he is the one shooting the murderer's right hand. this is why the suspect girl has a wounded right hand. but no one believes in him. again, nine years later, one day in 2015, the same physicist invents a poison made of some unknown isotope. the poison is tested on the targeted animals, later showing that he could even use the computer app to decide when to trigger the poison and kill the targets by melting their brains. while on the other side, rock lives like a homeless and his life is a total mess. his wife and fellow were both dead. he's lonely and lives for long by the seaside, next to the drainage where the suspect girl disappeared last time, attempting to wait for her return and make all puzzles clear with her. one day. however, the physicist kidnaps him. suddenly, the physicist explains that his newly invented poison can be used by the suspect girl to accomplish great missions, such as to stop an unclear war and that sort of things. she could be sent to kill those lunatics so as to stop greater human disasters. so he tries to stop rock, for he insists it's wrong to prevent the suspect girl. with all being said, rock starts to doubt himself, especially when he recalled the girl also claimed herself as a lifesaver before. but in order to escape, he fights back and overpowers the physicist. he then returns to the seaside and continues waiting for the girl. as expected, the suspect girl travels back to the same spot on time. rock says he could stop her from killing people if he kills her right there. however, the suspect girl responses that she's actually his granddaughter. and it's rock who convinces her to be a volunteer and accept the task to kill those racists and stop a horrible civil war in the future, which would claim much more lives of innocent people. then the girl shows him the bracelet, which he bought right before his wife's about to give birth to their daughter. rock is shocked to find the bracelet inherited by his granddaughter, and believes her everything. now he asks her if there's a way to avoid the subway crash in 1988, which would kill her that day. but he's soon disappointed to learn that every single time travel is irrevocable. her death in 1988 would be inevitable. rock realizes he's already close to the truth. after years of investigating, the granddaughter, living in the future, finishes all her time travels on the same day every nine years. but in a reverse time order, she travels back to 2015, at first received a warning from rock about her death. then to 2006 she got shot and wounded by him. later to 1997, when she killed rock's fellow by accident, which explains why she expressed her sorry for his fellow's death in 1988. and at last, in 1988, when she's killed in the subway station. but in such a reverse order, she accomplishes the task to kill all the racists and therefore stops the civil war in the future. while on the same day in 2015, when rock arrives at the hospital, he sees his lovely granddaughter is just born. rock then holds her with much care and gentleness, knowing that he's going to mission his granddaughter someday, and her destined future is sure to come. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 