in kathmandu, the sorcerer carcilius and his zealots enter the secret compound camartage and behead its librarian. they steal a few pages from an ancient mystical text belonging to the ancient one, a long-lived sorcerer who has taught every student at camartage, including kycilius. in the mystic arts. the ancient one pursues the traitors, but kaiselius and his followers escape. in new york city, stephen strange, a wealthy, acclaimed and arrogant neurosurgeon, severely injures his hands in a car crash, leaving him unable to operate. fellow surgeon, christine palmer, tries to help him move on, but strange vainly pursues experimental surgeries to heal his hands. strange learns about jonathan pangbourne, a paraplegic who mysteriously regained use of his legs. panborne directs strange to comatage, where he is taken in by mordo, a sorcerer under the ancient one. the ancient one demonstrates her power to strange, revealing the astral plane and other dimensions such as the mirror dimension. she reluctantly agrees to train strange, whose arrogance and ambition remind her of kicillus. strange studies under the ancient one and mordo, and from ancient books in the library that is now guarded by master wong. strange learns that earth is protected from threats from other dimensions by a shield generated from three buildings called sanctums in new york city, london and hong kong, which are all directly accessible from camartage. the sorcerer's task is to protect the sanctums, though pangborne instead chose to channel mystical energy only into walking. again, strange progresses quickly and secretly reads the text from which kaiselius stole pages, learning to bend time with the mystical eye of agamotto, mordo and wong, worn strange against breaking the laws of nature, drawing a comparison to kaiserious desire for eternal life. kacilius uses the stolen pages to contact dormomu of the dark dimension, where time is non-existent. kacilius destroys the london sanctum to weaken earth's protection. the zealots then attack the new york sanctum, killing its guardian. but strange holds them off with the help of the cloak of levitation, only to be critically injured during a skirmish. he teleports himself back to the hospital where palmer saves him. upon returning to the sanctum, strange reveals to mordo that the ancient one has been drawing power from the dark dimension to sustain her long life. and mordo becomes disillusioned with the ancient one. after a fight in the mirror dimension of new york, kaiselius mortally wounds the ancient one and escapes to hong kong. before dying, she tells strange that he too will have to bend the rules to complement mordo's steadfast nature in order to defeat kaiselius. strange and mordo arrive in hong kong to find wang dead, the sanctum destroyed and the dark dimension engulfing earth. strange uses the eye to reverse time and save wong, then enters the dark dimension and creates a time loop around himself and dormammu. after repeatedly killing strange to no avail, dormammu finally gives into strange's demand that he permanently leave earth alone and take kycilius and his zealots with him in return for strange breaking the loop. disillusioned by strange and the ancient one defying nature's laws, mordo renounces his sorcerer career and departs. strange returns the aitaka mataji and takes up residence in the new york sanctum to continue his studies with wong. in a mid-credits scene, strange decides to help thor, who has brought his brother loki to earth to search for their father odin. in a post-credits scene, mordo confronts pangborne and steals the mystical energy he uses to walk, telling him that earth has too many sorcerers 