welcome back to horror recaps. today i will be showing you a horror film from 1976 titled carry spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. at the beginning of the movie, we see a bunch of teenage girls playing basketball. both the teams have almost the same score. however, a girl named carrie misses the ball, making her team lose. the girls bully her, saying that they could never win with her on the team. 16 year old carrie white is a shy, introverted and unpopular girl who is always bullied by her classmates. that day, the girls cheerfully, talk and change at the school's shower room. while carrie, like always, is alone showering. she notices blood flowing on her legs. soon her hands get bloody. carrie has gotten her very first period. she panics. she doesn't know what is happening because she has never been taught about menstruation. carrie runs to the girls and asks them for help, believing that she is dying. however, the girls laugh and make fun of her. they start throwing pads and tampons at her while screaming, plug it up. the poor girl retreats and cries in the shower under a pile of tampons and pads. their gym teacher, miss collins, hears the noise and comes looking. she finds a frightened carrie panicking and goes to help her. carrie seems to be having a panic attack. miss colin slaps her cheeks to bring her back. kerry screams, and the light bulb above her breaks. miss collins then yells at all the other girls to go away and calms carry down. she also teaches her about menstruation. later, carrie is at the principal's office. miss collins and the principal discuss the girls behavior and decide to give them detention. they also talk about carrie's mother, margaret white, who is a fanatically religious woman. the principal asks kerry if she wants to go home, and she agrees. however, throughout the conversation, he refers to her as cassie. this bothers carrie a lot, so she abruptly tells him that it's carrie. just when she does that, an ashtray drops from the table. later we see carrie's mother, margaret, go to their neighbor mrs snells house to persuade her to buy a religious book. mrs snell wants to get her out of there as soon as possible, so she donates ten dollars to the church and makes her leave. when margaret gets home that day, she gets a call from school informing her of the incident. margaret is mad at carrie for getting her period, as she thinks that her menstruation was caused by a sin. carrie, on the other hand, insists that margaret should have taught her about periods. margaret keeps on repeating bible verses and asks her to repeat it. then she puts carrie into the praying closet and locks her carrie bangs the doors and begs her to let her out. after a while, she calms down and prays. finally, she gets out of the closet and goes up to her room. carrie cries while looking at herself in the mirror, when suddenly it breaks into pieces. margaret hears the noise and comes looking into carrie's room. however, the broken pieces have been fixed somehow. as it turns out, carrie has amazing powers of telekinesis. she can move things around by only looking at them. margaret doesn't know of her daughter's power yet, the following day, carrie is in her english class where the teacher reads a poem written by one of the popular guys at school named tommy ross. he asked the class for criticism of the poem. carrie, who never usually speaks, comments that it is beautiful. the teacher makes fun of her, claiming that it is not a criticism, and the whole class laughs. carrie is absent from the gym class that day. miss colin makes the other girls stand in line and tells them about their punishment for bullying carrie. chris hargensen, who is also the most popular girl in the school, makes snarky comments about the situation, but miss colin puts her in her place. however, another popular girl named sue snell seems to be apologetic for her behavior. miss collins then gives everyone a 50 minute detention in the field for the next week. chris comments that she won't come to the school, to which the teacher replies that if they don't, their prom invitation will be cancelled. the girls have no other way but to agree. they go through an intense 50-minute workout that day, while kerry goes to the library and looks for a book on her superpower. she finds one and figures that her power is called telekinesis. meanwhile, the girls are at their last exercise when chris rebels that she won't be doing any more exercise. she and miss collins get into an argument, which ends when miss colin slaps her. she yells at other girls to stand up for her, but no one does. miss collins declares that chris has been kicked out of the prom. the other girls do not want the same, so they continue with the exercise. sue and tommy, from the english class, are in a relationship. that day, sue calls him behind the bleachers and asks him for a favor. she wants him to ask carrie to go to prom with him. tommy is reluctant, but agrees at the end. at night, we see chris driving to a party with her boyfriend, billy nolan. the two have a love-hate relationship. billy hits her for calling him names, but chris starts to lick his fingers and kiss him. she abruptly stops midway, and the two get into a fight again. then they make out, and chris starts giving billy a [ __ ] in the car while she is at it, she moans that she hates carrie white, leaving billy confused. the following day, carrie is at the library when tommy approaches her and asks her to go to the prom with him. confused and nervous, she declines and runs away. later miss collins catches her sitting alone and asks her what is wrong. she suspects the girls did something again. but carrie explains that she is distressed because tommy asked her out to prom. miss collins is happy for her, but is a little suspicious of tommy's intentions. she tries to boost carrie's confidence and tells her that she is beautiful. later that day, miss collins calls both sue and tommy in her office and asks them about their intentions with carrie. she reminds sue that she cannot go to the prom without a date, but sue doesn't seem to care, as long as carrie goes with tommy. they claim that they feel sorry for carrie and want to get along with her. miss collins doesn't buy this, but lets them go anyway. after school, tommy drives to carrie's home. she is beyond surprised to see him there. if her mother sees them, she will be in trouble. so she keeps tommy outside. tommy again asks her to go to the prom with him. she declines. she asks him to leave quickly, but he keeps on insisting her to go with him. with no other way out, she agrees. tommy happily leaves. at night, chris, billy and two of billy's friends break into a local farm to cut a pig's head off and collect its blood. at dinner, carrie tells her mother about her invite to the prom, but margaret cuts her off. she is totally against it. as carrie tries to persuade her, margaret throws a cup of water at her face. carrie then tells her that tommy has invited her and she has already accepted it. margaret starts chanting bible verses and tells her the boys are filthy dogs that are attracted to period blood, and they will try to convince carrie to sin. carey starts yelling that not everything is a sin. margaret dismisses the conversation and starts to leave, but carrie uses her powers to close all the doors and windows in the house. surprised margaret claims that carrie is a witch and is possessed by the devil, like her father. carrie claps back and says that her father ran away with another woman and wasn't possessed. she also assures her that her power is common and other people have it too. she says she doesn't want to talk about it anymore and leaves. then we see chris and billy set up the pig blood on the top of the prom stage. they plan to drop it onto carrie as a prank. back at home, margaret prays as carrie sews herself a dress for prom. billy's friend named freddy volunteers to collect the prom queen slash king ballot. chris's plan is to change the poll results to make harry the prom queen and get her on the stage to drop the blood on her. that day, carrie goes to a nearby makeup store and try several lipsticks. she is excited for the night. she gets ready and looks as pretty as ever. margaret comments about the dress being too revealing, but carrie dismisses it. seeing her daughter like this, margaret begins to lose her mind. she hits herself and pulls her own hair. carrie uses her power to paralyze her mother on the bed and leaves for prom with tommy. carrie is nervous, but tommy assures her she will be fine. everyone looks at them when they walk in. miss collins approaches the two and compliments carrie. she talks to her about her own prom and hugs her before leaving. tommy then teaches carrie to slow dance. as the two dance, carrie is over the moon. tommy is mesmerized by her beauty and tries to kiss her, but she pulls away. however, the two talk and laugh while dancing. we see billy and chris under the stage, ready to drop the bucket on carrie. the time comes when everyone has to vote for prom queen and king. carrie and tommy are on the list too. two of chris's friends collect all the ballots and hide them. they replace it with other ballots to make kerry win. when the prom queen is announced, carrie cannot believe it. she is over the moon and finally feels accepted by her peers. just then, sue arrives there and looks at carrie with admiration. tommy and carrie then go to the stage and carry his crown the prom queen. just then, chris pulls on a rope and the bucket of blood falls to carry everyone goes silent. carrie is horrified and hallucinates, everyone making fun of her and laughing at her. furious, she uses her power to close all the doors and windows of the place. first, she lifts up the water pipe and sprays everyone with high forced water. then the microphone electrocutes the principal, killing him. the students run around, but cannot run away. she kills miss collins too. finally, she sets the place on fire and leaves. on her way home, she is bloodied and has a maniacal look on her face. billy and chris, who had snuck out from the back door, trying to hit her with their car. however, carrie, in turn sends the car flying, killing both of them in an explosion. now she is at her home where her mother waits for her. the house is covered in candles. she bathes herself and cleans the blood, after which she hugs her mother and cries. margaret starts describing the night carrie was conceived, claiming that she and her husband had sinned she then takes out a knife and stabs her daughter in the name of killing the evil. she is about to pound at her again, but carrie uses her power to stab her instead, she sends several sharp objects towards margaret, crucifying her. she watches her mother die from a corner, then gets up and hugs her. then she uses her power to destroy the house. it catches fire while carrie is still inside. a few weeks later, sue, who was the only survivor from the prom night, has a nightmare. in her dream, she goes to the remains of carrie's home. a for sale sign vandalized in black paint with the phrase, carry white burns in hell lies on top of the remains. as she drops her flowers, a hand emerges from under the ground and grabs her. she wakes up screaming in fear as her mother comforts her. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. [Music]. you 