listen. so i've gotten a bunch of requests to do this eight episode netflix series from mexico called control z, about a high school full of college kids whose secrets get completely exposed. if you haven't seen assassination nation or euphoria, then i highly recommend those and how they tackle adolescent technology. but this one's a decent whodunit, as they spend the entire season looking for the hacker. and it's also on netflix, you know, who's finally embracing the idea of texting in social media, unlike their other shows, where they write out the phones for convenience, but still want to bank on their anxiety. let me explain. so the series follows several students hiding more secrets and wikileaks. you got the rich kids who are either cheating, dealing or addicted to drugs. some are even bullying gay teens while addicted to gay porn themselves. pretty much everyone's never been happier to have their phones at one percent once a hacker starts revealing their secrets. our main character is the anti-social sofia, who is social with everyone. she's got these psych-like abilities to observe everything. so she's practically tasked to hunt down the hacker who is exposing everyone. her backstory makes hannah baker sound like a pbs story, though, as we realize that her father burned in a fire and died, leaving behind a ridiculous amount of debt. at some point, she ended up in a rehab center because of her attempted suicide. on top of that, her mom's dating the head honcho of the school, who wants to make her advice, even though she's not ready. so sophia's main escape are these little, secret book club meetings that she's doing with someone who seems to be her sugar daddy, who then turns out to just be your daddy daddy. netflix really hates school administrators. pablo and isabella are the first couple to get exposed. after it revealed that isabella had a sex change. paolo calls her out for not being a real woman and leaves her, only to find out he ain't a real man when he leaves a side chick too, because she's prego luckily, maria's sister is natalia, who runs one of the school's groups, but is on the verge of getting replaced since they found out that she's been skipping money off the top, so she just starts pushing real product instead. what a carla. other students with secrets include alex, who's dating the science teacher. uh rosita, who rosita don't really have anything. she's she's just the best one. jerry with a g is a bag full of douche left out in 98 degree humidity. they had the music from clockwork orange playing over this guy's scenes cause, yeah, he's always bullying the crap out of this kid named luis. they go all out on their tvma rating, like they spent more screen time punching this kid in the face. and they do their own credits, like i needed a skip intro button for the amount of times they terrorized this boy into having boogers coming out of his mouth. like to think there was no blair witch, it was just this. ironically, his secret is that he streamed about three terabytes of gay porn, which is fine, if he wasn't such a hypocrite. on the other hand, luis is just a simple kid who likes to draw. you know, he at one point, he even lies about being the hacker so things can just stop. and instead ends up in a coma. cause of jerry. i mean, like all these phones and nobody does a damn thing. considering that both louise and jerry's secrets are out, i'm guessing they're gonna try to make him like a really, really repressed dude who, instead of facing his inner self, decided to lash out on the guy he had feelings for. but there's a difference between hitting on someone and straight up hitting someone. this man pulled a full-fledged terrorist attack, and the crowd just parted the seat for him like he was moses hell. dude even had an event page with a reminder set on for this beating. the show pretends to be in the mind of sophia, but it does cheat and give insights to some of the other characters whenever it's convenient for the audience. so maybe they're just saving his side of the story for season two and are gonna try to brace walker him while luis can't believe it or not, that scene where they snatch his phone in the hospital, it is legally possible. some court cases in the u.s do make it illegal to take someone's phone using face id, but a touch id is supposedly fine. we then meet these two who are fighting over the main character, waiting for sophie to make her choice. javier is a new student and son of a famous soccer player, who gets partnered with sophia in one of their classes, and they start hitting it off. problem is, his secret comes from his previous school, where an incident caused him to transfer. and everyone starts to think that he was a bully who, during their soccer team's hazing of a new player, caused him to jump to his death. that said, considering how he reacted to sophia taking a leap up on top, i'm assuming he was just trying to help the kid, but then got everything pinned on him, which is exactly what raul tries to do, because he's the actual hacker. raul is the other love interest who actually schemed the whole thing so that sophia would start her investigation and be their greatest detective in the world. he be rabbited himself from the start, exposing his father's secrets to, one, get rid of that man, and then two, misdirect everybody. he then starts reenacting the box, putting an ultimatum on all of his peers, so that they either have to choose to leak their secrets or somebody else's. of course, nobody realizes the vicious cycle they're creating, and it just proves the point that everyone is only concerned about protecting themselves, and would turn on their closest friends in a minute to not get exposed. there's been several movies that have covered this new era of social media, which, at one point, you know, tyler may have been right, just just close your phone, but not anymore, like your online present does affect your job, your scholarship, even. also, every time that we go to apply to something, for a film festival, they're asking us for the socials, how the first thing most people do nowadays after meeting you is stock your profile to get an idea of who you are. i don't think people realize that the next big war is going to be a digital one, with big companies already prioritizing your data to monetize and kind of extend control over you. but hey, keep taking them buzzfeed quizzes that ask all the security questions that you're straight up giving them pretty much. raul has a huge crush on sophia, and hated how all of his cool kid friends were making fun of her all the time. and he felt that she deserved more respect, so he stalked her after school in order to get to know her personal life. now, while he is the follow in the series, i think he has a more interesting first season. i really do think he cares for sophia, even though it it comes off creepy. and the fact that he comes from a family who's embezzled millions and then decided to run away, practically orphaning their son without telling him, you know, it's no wonder he started hacking. and my boy gets it, don't hop on random wi-fi networks at concerts, outings or even coffee shops. it is the easiest way to dupe you out of your info, just because you wanted to get a connection. we realized that raul is the one with the digital ghost face mask under his bed, and he has used bruno, the it guy, as his minion to get the info he needed. unbeknownst to him, he then sets everything up to look like it was javier who did it. he cost 12 on his own parents. boy pulls up on the principal, since he got him cheating more than his students, but then forgets that sophia is sherlock, and junior slips up on his phrases. [Music]. that shouldn't come surprise. they pull a coco on this man and project his confession for everyone to see at the dance. which, i don't know how y'all can hear the music from up there, but you couldn't hear the echo of your own evil speech. or how, how did this boy record from a football field away? i mean, football feel away. luis ends up dying in the hospital, making jerry a murderer. but you actually start to see the guilt weigh on him throughout the season as the remorse starts. nah, bruh. he really committed two homicides in one season. once again, we have all of these phones throughout the entire series, and no one calls an ambulance, as have yet bleeds out. they're more worried about their secrets, which at this point have been completely released. and start to all go crazy on each other, making things worse, not realizing that you can't press ctrl z in life. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts about it, especially with the themes dealing with privacy and security and all that stuff. uh, looking back at some of the cast and stuff, it's interesting to see how many of them were involved in gossip girl, which it's kind of ironic, considering what's going on in here. um, obviously they got the reboot coming out for hbo max. but i had no idea there was an acapulco version on top of that. you know, it was interesting to hear that they didn't put them in uniforms for the show, so people didn't see this as being like elite. and i guess, uh, cast a payless mexican so people can see it in america. i am curious, with season two being confirmed, how they're gonna deal with the guy who originally blackmailed raul, since the only reason he became a hacker was because he saw someone kind of hack him, i wonder if they're going to explain the jerry situation and how he had a crush on luis. if yet is dead, dead, then it's probably going to become like a procedural, which is something we've seen with 13 reasons why hell with elite. so it probably is going to be the way that they're going to go. but that would just mean more secrets are going to be exposed if they take it to court. so it's going to be interesting. you know, who knows, they may pull a blum house and cancel out everyone's dirt and go their own way, like it's the purge. since all secrets are out, you know, nobody really embraces their lives anyway or their mistakes. barely. anyone got consequences. so we'll see. i don't fully love the show, but i did find it interesting, and i am curious to see where season two goes. so i am curious to hear any ideas or theories that you guys may have, uh, who your favorite characters were all that stuff, or any shows that you would recommend. other than that. let me know your thoughts down below. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and change your passwords. 