hi everybody. today i want to recap a thriller movie called the room. hope you enjoy. matt and kate a young couple who moved to upstate new york and purchased a home in springwell, the house is messed up, so they have to renovate it. while renovating, they discover a large, hidden room in that a murder occurred on the property decades before. you know, i was real surprised when they told me someone had finally bought this place. and again, it was a long time ago. what was a long time ago? the previous owners, they got killed in this house. that evening, matt search in the internet about his house and learns that the killer is at john doe and that he is still alive and in a psychiatric hospital. he also inadvertently discovers that the room can grant any wish. he tells kate in the morning. but kate doesn't believe it until she asks for one thousand dollar in the room grant her wish. why do you need most in the world? there's nothing i need. uh? and bad. a job. no, no, no. name a thing. i want a thousand dollars. this fake? does it look fake? they both quit their jobs and live depends with the room providing everything they want. [Music]. kate falls into depression when she realizes that nothing they wish for has any real value. where's the necklace you asked for? i don't know. anyway, it was just a figment. i can always get another to cheer her up. matt tells her he wants to try for a child, but she becomes angry, reminding him of two previous miscarriages. she exclaims that she can't put herself through that pain again. in storms out of the room, but ends up using the room to create a baby named shane. matt wants her to use the room to uncreate the baby, but neither she nor matt are actually able to bring themselves to do so. say the words. [Music]. then matt takes a couple of dollar and matt goes to visit john doe. uh, john doe? you want to see john doe? the john doe? how many do you have? just the one at the hospital. matt speaks with that john doe, who warns that he and his wife should leave the house and forget the room. forget about the room. get out of the house. and do that now, before it's too late. when matt wants to fill his car gas mat, finds out that room created items aged to dust when crossing over the threshold of the house, because when he once pulled the money out of his pocket, the money turned to dust. later at the house, kate tells matt she is taking the baby out for some fresh air. he tries to dissuade her, but ultimately does not stop her. once the baby is outdoors, he ages to a young child in seconds, and kate screams for matt, who runs outside and brings shane back inside the home. the couple's marriage deteriorates as kate attempts to parent shane, while matt ignores him. shane grows impatient and bored since kate will not allow him to leave the house, telling him that he is sick and that there are germs are outside. soon, shane discovers the room and makes an outside area inside it, causing an argument between the parents. when they having an argument, john doe calls the home and reveals to matt that he was a child wish granted by the room, and he is alive because his parents died, which allowed him to become part of the real world. he tells matt that if kate dies, shane will be able to live outside the house. kate overhears the conversation and leaves the house immediately for days, and attempts to crash her car, but cannot bring herself to do so. when he returns, the couple reunites and have sex, unknowingly watched by shane. the next morning, they discover that shane has gone outside and aged himself into a man, though he still has the mind of a child. and is angry with kate for lying to him about the germs. look, mommy, i'm big now. you lied to me to protect you. you said we'd be together forever. it's okay. [Music]. this causes an altercation, and kate and matt are knocked out. shane uses the room to enlarge the outdoor area even further and duplicate the house. inside it, he shape-shifts into matt and kidnaps kate to the cloned home. matt awakens a short time later and searches for kate. he discovers the cloned house and breaks in as shane rapes kate, what are you doing? stop? don't worry. i saw you two do it. hey, mom. [Music]. kate and matt knock out shane and try to escape, but they realize shane used the room to make a labyrinth in the cloned home. shane finds them in the house and stabs and kills matt, but realizes that matt and kate have used the room to replicate themselves and that the real matt and kate have escaped. ultimately, they trick shane into going outside mommy, where he rapidly ages into a duplicate of john doe and dies, deteriorating into a pile of dust. a month later, the couple has abandoned the home and are living in a motel. kate stares in horror at a positive pregnancy test, unsure if the child belongs to matt or shane, and whether they are, in fact, still in the room. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe. and see you again in the next video. 