right. so I'm finished all three of these movies in one day, cuz I'd never see them and I had to see what the hype was about. these things have been breaking records. stay at trilogy already a Netflix series. I liked you for like five before they announced an entire theme park ride. well, they're clearly not made for my demographic of cartoons. they had decent moments, let me explain. so practically, Dracula's run in this hotel that he's the mr. Moseby of. like if this was the hotel from John wick, this would be the safe place for all the monsters of every shape and science to come chill and get away from the evil humans of the world. he's got a daughter who's old enough to not keep her hands to herself, and she wants to go out there and experience the real world. but Papa Drake's like, I wasn't hiding my girl from the world. I was hiding the world from my girl. and he makes her think that all humans are evil. problem is that there's this random boy who just walks into the hotel, like like he's a grand Budapest or something. it's a guy's voice by Andy Samberg. so you already know he's gonna be a goofball, but I swear he's pretty much the cartoon version of Jake Paul. he's out in the woods taking pictures of dead stuff. eventually he hooks up with the daughter in the first movie. by the second movie, they have a kid. and while I do think that there's funny bits, gonna kill me, not as long as they think you're a monster. they also, they sometimes did you with this baloney. [Music]. obviously, your boy Adam always brings us crew with him, right? like, if you've never seen any of his movies, pretty much every single Adam Sandler movie is an excuse for them to go on vacation. and then they can, they can exempt it from their taxes. it's clever. I'm not even hating on that. but somehow these dudes found a way to go on vacation as cartoons. in the third one, they expand the lore a little bit for you, right? they show you how van Helsing has actually been hunting them for decades. and so he supposedly died. but then his daughter, Ellen, degenerate, housing swears to continue the hind and and while I know he's supposed to be the bad guy. yeah, it was bogus when this dude shows up in this ghetto rigged wheelchair, knowing good and damn well, everyone else in this movie, I kid you not, literally has Sony technology with them. I put this man in this chair. in fact, the third one's all about Papa Dracula trying to find a date. you know, they even putting them on tinder, since he's trying to get zinged, which zinging is what monsters call getting a are you going this cruise to the Bermuda Triangle, of course, for this vacation? and that's where Dracula falls in love with Ellen, the captain of the ship, but doesn't realize that she's the descendent of van Helsing [Music]. but they zing so, you know, loving all that. since Dracula saves her life while she's trying to end his, they fall in love, and even housings start singing along like a Beatle song, and they live happily ever after, humans, monsters and ghouls. so, like I said, it's just a matter of time till we get that switch game. thank you guys for checking out. this video, of course, is a small one. I was just surprised. I remember when the first one came out, and it broke the record for the most help that fall release. and this was like a kids movie. and the sequel came out, and then obviously, now they got a third one. so I was like, I gotta check these out. and I figured, of course, why not make a video for this? so I'm here scenario thoughts, if you actually like the series, if you think the series is better out there, whether you should, whether you think I should cover the boss baby now that it has a Netflix series, because I haven't covered the boss baby, and the boss baby was nominated for an Oscar. I'm curious know your thoughts down below. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you some Count Chocula 