hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie alita, battle angel 2019. it is told at the start of the film. this time is after 300 years of the world war. it means a world war broke out before 300 years, which causes the devastation of the whole world. a spaceship is shown there, which was populated by the people of whole world. and the people on that spacecraft used to dump their garbage on earth. one day, a scientist finds a robot in that garbage. it was not an ordinary robot, but such a robot which is half human and half machine. that scientist brings that robot to his house, lifting it, and he repairs that robot perfectly. he fixes a new body with it. next day, that robot wakes up, which was a female, and it was excited getting a new body. then that female robot asks scientist, who am i? how have i come here from? where have i come the scientist himself is unaware is where she has come from. so doctor does not tell it anything. but doctor just tells it, your half body had been damaged when we got you in the garbage, but your brain was sound. afterwards, we mended your body. it means that we attached a new human body with you. after this, dr shows at this world. that female robot gets excited viewing this city, and it also glimpses that spacecraft. she asks the scientist what is it? is this a world? the doctor tells it it was the last remaining city after world war and its name is sky city. there is a pleasant life in sky city. everyone wishes to go there, because upper class resides their while lower class inhabits in our world. then the doctor names that robot. he says, your name is alita. now on alita is pleased hearing its name. the doctor also tells alita, all inhabitants of earth serve sky city because sky city has many fields, industries and factories. after this, alita meets a boy named hugo. hugo compliments elita's body, seeing it because its body was robotic, which was strong enough. alida and hugo are befriended nicely. at the same night, a girl is murdered in that city. actually, there was a serial killer in that city who used to kill girls after grabbing them. afterwards, he used to sell their body parts. at the same night, alita witnesses doctor who was returning to home from somewhere. alida observes that scientists hands are blood-stained. seeing it doubts that doctor may be the killer behind the occurred murders of city. in the following day, scientist's wife appears to meet him because they were divorced. here it is revealed that the adjusted human body with alita. in fact, it is the body of his daughter. his daughter was no more, so it donated her body to alita. after that, hugo invites alida to join him in the game. and this game was well known game of the city. alida fascinates others while playing this game perfectly. alida also wins that game. hugo takes alida at his best loved place. later. it was the roof of a building where the site of whole city could be viewed. and sky city was also looking nearer. from here, there is also a biggest pipe. hugo tells that all objects come on the earth from sky city through this pipe. i am struggling hard to go to the sky city. remember, ci will surely reach there. alida asks, how does this sky city look? hugo says to it, in fact, doctor had discovered you from the garbage. and that garbage was of that sky city. it means that you have come from sky city. but alida did not possess a little memory about it. and she had forgotten her past. actually, she had lost her memory. next day, doctor goes out of the house, and alita chases him. here alita comes to know that doctor is not a killer, but he is rather a hunter warrior. hunter warriors are those who end the criminals. then dead bodies of the killers are taken to the factory. later a heavy reward is received in the place of them. here, alita knows about the reality of the doctor. at the same time, the serial killer approaches there. he was the same killer who was ending the girls living in the city. then alita bravely confronts that killer. it beats enough, which compels him to flee, while alida succeeds to kill the other killer. then doctor and alita move to the factory, taking that killer's head, where they get the reward of 20 in place of that head. afterwards, doctor reveals his tale to alita. how did he become hunter warrior and why did it happen? he tells it is the story of that time when my wife, daughter and i used to live together. one day they made a robot, and that robot abducted their daughter, coming into their house. after this incident, that doctor angered enough on that robot, and the doctor damaged his own made robot. then the doctor became hunter warrior right after that. then a man comes on the scene named vector. in fact, vector was the head of the race game. it was vector who used to arrange this game. doctor's wife can also be seen with vector here. it is revealed that doctor's wife is playing a trick accompanying vector, because vector had promised her that he will send her to the sky city. so the doctor's wife is also a doctor herself, who also works for vector. then the same robot is shown, who was spoiled by alita. that robot moves to vector. it tells him that alita is the cause behind my body distortion. vector says ill to the robot, commenting, have you come back after being beaten by a little girl? robot reveals that is not a little girl, but strongest. vector says to the robot, now it is your mission that you have to bring alita before me after damaging it. then hugo takes alita to view that race game. he also tells alida the winner of this game is sent to sky city. hearing it, alita gets excited. then hugo takes alida to show a ship. he tells it is the ship of the opponents, which belongs to the time 300 years ago. that ship fascinates alida when she casts a glance at it. so alida moves to that ship, jumping into the water. alida also discovers a high technological body in the ship. alita returns to the doctor, taking that body, says to the doctor, fix this body with it, replacing it. means, adjust this body with my head. but doctor refuses to carry it out. he tells this body is mighty. having fixed weapons with it, you will become so menacing. if this body will be fixed with you 2. threatening that you will kill the people and devastate the world. alita becomes aggressive facing this refusal. afterwards, alita moves to the factory. going there, it decides that it is also hunter warrior. now on it goes to a club along with hugo. all hunters of the city were there. and it provokes everyone that we should eradicate the robot of vector, because it is the same assassin who has taken the lives of the entire city, and it is also ending other people. one of the hunters makes alita a laughing stock. he says, having a little size, how will you kill someone, and how have you become a hunter warrior? hearing it, alita beats him while confronting enough. and he has fallen backside witnessing it. all hunters are left shocked. meanwhile, vector's robot appears there, which had increased in size now because doctor's wife had upgraded it. coming there, that robot assaults alida. alita also attacks it in return. and that robot enters a tunnel to save his life. then alita also moves to that underground place, while chasing him. a tough fight is held between both of them. in the end, that robot spoils alita and it dismembers its body. at the same time, hugo and the doctor arrive there. they beat that robot, confronting it, and they burn its body. then that robot flees from there in order to secure its life. doctor brings elita's damaged body at home. elita's body had fully damaged, having no option. that doctor fixes that body with alita, which he had discovered from the ship. next morning, when alida awakens, it feels comfortable because it had got a new body. it was mighty and equipped. and the fire can also be produced through that body. getting this new body, alita feels pleasure. in the coming day, alita goes to meet hugo to show its robotic body. observing its equipped body, hugo likes it and feels good. he is also impressed here. hugo reveals to alita, i want to go to sky city soon, but everyone needs scores to go there. and these scores can be gained after killing someone or winning the race game. hearing it, alita gives its robotic heart to hugo, pulling it out, and it says, take my robotic heart. sell it. in this way, you will get some scores, then you may go to sky city. and the robotic heart of alita is not an ordinary one, but it possesses much power. and that robotic heart is a stronger that this city may avail the electricity for many months from this robotic heart, because this robotic heart contains energetic rays. but hugo, forbids to take elita's robotic heart. he says, i don't need it. you may keep it safe in your possession, because your robotic heart is very necessary. he says, you should take part in race game because i am sure that you may win the race. we both will move to the sky city if you win the game. hearing it, alita immediately consents, and she gets ready to take part in the game. and she wanted to carry it out for hugo because of her affections for him. afterwards, vector arrives on the scene, who hires the hunters and killers to end alita. he says to everyone, in case you kill alita in race, then i will give you 5 million scores, which is basic to go to sky city. then that hunter is seen, who had been beaten in the club by alita. and he wanted to take revenge from alita on his humiliation. now he was going to take this revenge from hugo, ending a man, he alleges hugo. now hugo was under the allegation to end someone, so he had become criminal. on the other hand, alita appears, who had taken a part in race, which was going to start all killers in the race. become opponents of alita. so they assault alita. but alita was also equal to them, so she continues to kill them, confronting them one by one. then alita receives the call of hugo. he tells that hunter has become my opponent and he wants to end my life. then alita goes to rescue hugo, leaving that race. reaching there, alida beats the hunter violently, while it is revealed in the whole city that hugo has become a criminal. he was also wanted as the capturer will get 30 dollars as a reward. then the city police arrive there to end hugo, because everyone was agreed on this point of view, that hugo is a criminal, so it is essential to end him. so all sata alita put hugo into death. but alita does not kill him. but the hunter ends hugo, attacking with a sword. and hugo is taking his last breaths here. at first sight, hugo is finished. then doctor's wife comes there, who says to alita, cut hugo's head, because we will adjust a body with his head, and we will make him a robot. because doctor's wife had turned into a gentlelady now. and she wanted to do it so that hugo may revive again. and alita does hear the same dissecting hugo's head. she brings it before everyone. later, it takes hugo's head to the doctor where doctor fixes another body with hugo's head after his operation. as a result, hugo is revived again. hugo and alita get excited, because hugo had the robotic body now like alita. dr informs alita that vector cheats everyone, because he says, after deceiving that i will send you to sky city while giving amount of money. even no human goes to sky city paying the amount of money. and no one can go to sky city, but only the inhabitants of sky city can go there and also inhabit there. and the winner of race can go to the sky city from this world. otherwise no can visit there. doctor also tells alita, my wife and i had born in the sky city, and we had arrived here for the treatment of our daughter. after that they entrapped here. hearing it, alita gets angry, and she leaves to kill vector. alita directly moves to the factory, and she is attacked by the machines of vector. but alida has a mighty and a robotic body now. so alita was continuously killing everyone one by one, damaging all machines and robots. alita goes to vector to end him, but the robot of vector appears there. it wounds alita while attacking it, and she falls down. then alita restores her memory, relevant to the past. as its memory is retained, which had been lost, alita remembers that she had been a warrior and also took part in that world war, which had held about 300 years ago. but elita's all friends and companions met their end in that war. but alida was also thrown into the garbage, wounding her badly. here, alita restores its memory, thinking that this has been done by the owner of sky city, and he had also ended all the companions of alita. here alita remembers, my mission is to slay the owner of sky city. remembering these fact, alita becomes sentimental that it lost all its companions. and it is also becomes aggressive. then that robot attacks alita, and alita dismembers that robot attacking with its sword at the same time, alita also attacks vector using its sword. and vector is dead at the spot. receiving doctor's call, alita comes to know that hugo is moving to sky city, climbing up those pipes. then alita also moves up. while chasing him, it instructs him, you need not to go to the sky city because there is nothing upside. we will lead our lives living in this world. hearing alida, hugo agrees. but the owner of the sky city was witnessing it from upside, so he attacks them with his weapon. consequently, hugo's whole body is dismembered. at the same time, alita holds his hand. but alida loses the grip of hugo accidentally s so he falls down from a great distance, losing hugo. alita is much grieved, and she starts weeping. now alita decides that going to sky city, it will end the owner of that city, because it desired vengeance for hugo's death. it is seen that alida has also won that race. and it points its sword upside to the sky city, and it says to the owner of sky city, i am coming to kill and avenge you. behold i will make you worst and not leave you alive. and the movie also completes on this scene. thanks for watching. like, comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 