[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 animated action comedy, Kung Fu Panda 3. so let's get started. the summary relies in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see their summaries, check out the links below. in the spirit realm, Grand Master Oogway fights an adversary named Kai, before being defeated, moveaway, warns Kai that the Dragon Warrior PO will stop him. Kai defeat suit way and stills his key, as he has done with all the other kung-fu masters in the realm. Kai returns to the mortal rum to steal the key or energy from PO. meanwhile, Master Shifu passes the role of teacher to PO. and the valley, a panda named Li Shan has arrived, and it is revealed that he is posed biological father. the valley is attacked by Jade statue zombies, or jom bees, controlled by Chi and resembling kung-fu masters. it is learned in the past, kai and Oogway traveled to a secret village of pandas who healed away using their key. chi drained the key from the pandas to increase his power. and Oogway banished him to the spirit realm. to defeat Kai, PO must learned to master key himself. li offers to teach him by going to the secret panda village. once there, pose told he must learn how to relax before learning key. Shifu and the Furious Five stay behind. crane and mantis traveled to learn that several villages have been attacked, and in his file menu masters are missing. Kai Rives at the Jade Palace with zombiefied crane and mantis and destroys it, but not before taking the key of monkey Viper and Shifu Tigers escapes to warn PO. afraid the pandas prepare to run away, li confesses that he does not know ki and lied so he wouldn't lose his son again. po isolates himself and trains to confront Kai. the villagers decide to stay. PO train son to fight back, using their everyday activities as their assets. ky rise and since his job is to capture po, but they are held off by the pandas. eventually po Chi engaged in a fight. both get transported to the beyond, where Chi gains the advantage and begins petrifying po using what they have learned from po. his friends and family used their key to save him. po becomes a master of ki and creates a giant dragon figure to overload Kai, who explodes, killing him and restoring all the falling masters normal as well as transporting them back to the mortal world. Grand Master Oogway appears to PO and reveals that po was selected as Dragon Warrior because of his ancestry from the ancient pandas he declares po as his true successor, po wields a mystic green staff to return to the mortal world. and returns with his friends and family to the valley where they continue practicing kung-fu and their key. so that was the spoilers for Kung Fu Panda 3. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. you 