on the planet Corellia, lovers Han Solo and Kira make an escape from the clutches of a local gang. they bribe an imperial officer with stolen kou axiom, a powerful hyperspace fuel, in exchange for passage on an outgoing transport. but Kira's apprehended by their pursuers before she can board. Han vows to return for her and joins the Imperial Navy as a flight cadet. when the recruiting officer asks for his surname, han says he's alone with no family, so the recruiter gives him the last name solo. three years later, Han is expelled from the Imperial Flight Academy for insubordination, and is serving as an infantryman on min ban he encounters a group of criminals posing as Imperial soldiers, led by Tobias Beckett. Han attempts to blackmail them into taking him with them, but Beckett has him arrested for desertion and thrown into a pit to be fed to a beast. a wookie named Chewbacca, able to understand Chewbacca's language on persuades him to cooperate to escape. Beckett, aware of the usefulness of a Wookiee strength. rescues and enlist them in the gang to steal a shipment of Co axiom on Vandor 1. the plan goes awry when the cloud rider show up, led by envis nest, resulting in the deaths of two crew members, ryo Durant and Beckett's wife, Val and the destruction of the coaxial back it reveals he was ordered to steal the shipment for Dryden boss, a high-ranking crime boss in the crimson dawn syndicate. han and chewbacca volunteer to help them steal another shipment to repay the debt. they traveled to boss's yacht, where Han finds Kira, who has joined crimson dawn and his boss's top lieutenant. on suggests a risky plan to steal unrefined Co axiom from the mines on Kessel. boss approves, but insists that kira accompany the team. she leads them to Lando Calrissian, an accomplished smuggler and pilot, who she hopes will lend them his ship. han challenges LAN dout to a game of sabacc with the wager being Lando ship. Lando cheats to win but agrees to join the mission in exchange for a share of the profits. after reaching Kessel in the Millennium Falcon, and infiltrating the mine, Lando's droid copilot, L 337, instigates a slave revolt. in the confusion, they steal the KO axiom, but l3 is severely damaged and Lando is injured during the escape. with the help of L threes navigational computer hot-wired into the ship systems, han pilots the ship through a dangerous, uncharted route to elude an Imperial blockade. the Falcon badly damaged, lands on the planet sovereign to process the co axiom. during a confrontation with envis who tracked the team from Vandor Lando flees in the Falcon and physics planes to Han that she and her crew are not pirates, but rebels trying to prevent the Cindy and empire from gaining power. Haun becomes sympathetic to their cause and tries to trick loss, but Becket has already alerted him to the double-cross. Voss sends his guards to kill in fists, but the cloud riders overpower them instead, leaving Voss defenseless, having anticipated vasa strategy. Haun tries to take the KO axiom, only for Beckett to betray Voss, escaping with it and taking Chewbacca hostage. Kyra kills Voss and sends Hahn after Beckett. once alone, she contacts Voss is superior Darth Maul to inform of the missions failure and claim boss's position. she avoids speaking of Hans involvement, instead blaming everything on Becket. Hahn catches up to Beckett and confronts him. Haun shoots back at first before he can shoot him. and with his dying words, Beckett tells Hahn he made the smart choice. Kira leaves in boss's yacht, while han and chewbacca turned the coaxial over to emphasis. he offers Haun a chance to join the rebellion against the Empire. when he declines, she gives him a vial of Ko axiom, enough to buy a ship of his own. han and chewbacca locate Lando and challenge him to a rematch in soo bahk, once again wagering the Falcon. Hahn wins, having stolen the car Lando was keeping up his sleeve in order to cheat. and he and Chewbacca leave for Tatooine, where a big shot gangster is putting together a crew for a job. [Music], 