in 1985, Maine lighthouse keeper Thomas curry rescues Atlanta, the queen of the underwater nation of Atlantis. they eventually fall in love and have a son named Arthur, who was born with the power to communicate with marine life forms. Atlanta is forced to abandon her family and return to Atlantis, and trusting to her advisor, Valco, with the mission of training Arthur under Val COEs guidance, Arthur becomes a skilled warrior, but rejects Atlantis upon learning that Atlanta was executed for having a half-breed son. in the present, one year after the events of Justice League were Steppenwolf invaded, Arthur confronts a group of pirates attempting to hijack a Russian naval nuclear submarine. their leader, Jesse Kane, dies during the confrontation, while his son David vows revenge. another Russian submarine discovers atlantis and attacks it, but arm the ocean master, succeeds in destroying it and uses it as a reason to commence war. king Nereus of Zemel swears allegiance to ORMs cause, but his daughter, Meera, who has been betrothed to orme, refuses to aid them and journeys to the surface to ask Arthur for help, earning his trust by saving Thomas from a tsunami sent by Orman. Arthur reluctantly accompanies Meera to a rendezvous with Valco, who urges Arthur to find the Trident of Aadland, a magic artifact that once belonged to Atlanta's first ruler, in order to reclaim his rightful place as king. they are ambushed by ORMs men, and Mira and Valco escape without having been seen, while Arthur is captured. Arthur is chained and presented before arm who blames Arthur and the surface for Atlanta's death. he offers Arthur an opportunity to leave forever, but Arthur instead challenges him to a duel in a ring of underwater lava. or gains the upper hand and nearly kills Arthur before Meera rescues him. together, Arthur and Meera journey to the Sahara Desert, where the Trident was forged, and unlock a holographic message that leads them to Sicily, Italy, where they retrieved the Trident coordinates. meanwhile, form provides David with a prototype Atlanta in battle suit to kill Arthur in prisons Valco after revealing knowledge of his betrayal and courses the Atlantean kingdom of the fisherman to pledge their allegiance to him and his campaign against the surface. after modifying ORMs technology, a fully armored David rechristened himself as Black Manta and ambushes Arthur and Meera in Sicily, injuring Arthur before be thrown off a cliff to his apparent death. Mira nurses Arthur's wounds as they journey to the tridents whereabouts, and encourages him to embrace his destiny as a hero. arriving at their destination, Arthur and Mira are attacked by the amphibious monsters called the trench, but managed to fend them off and reach a wormhole that transports them to an uncharted sea located at the center of the earth. there they are unexpectedly reunited with Atlanta, who was sacrificed to the trench for her crimes, but managed to escape and reach the Uncharted sea where she has been stranded ever since. Arthur faces keraton, a mythical Leviathan and keeper of the Trident, and voices his determination to protect both Atlantis and the surface, proving his Worth and reclaiming the Trident, which grants him control over the seven seas. arm and his allies lead an army against the crustacean forces of the kingdom of the brine, with the intent of completing ORMs surface battle preparations. as Orem declares himself ocean master. Arthur and Amira, with the assistance of Charon and the trench, intervene and lead an army of marine creatures in a battle against him. forms followers renounce their obedience to him and embrace Arthur as the true king. upon learning he wields the Trident. Arthur defeats arm in combat, but chooses to spare his life, and arm accepts his fate after discovering Arthur is found and rescued Atlanta. Atlanta returns to the surface to reunite with Thomas, while Arthur ascends to the throne with Meera by his side. in a mid-credits scene, David is rescued by dr. Steven chin, a scientist and conspiracy theorist obsessed with the Atlanteans, and agrees to lead shin there in exchange for his help in his revenge on Arthur you 