in 2035, the crew of the ares 3 mission to mars is exploring acid alia planisha. on martian solar day, seoul, 18 of their 31 soul expedition, a severe dust storm threatens to topple their mars ascent vehicle, mav. the mission is scrubbed, but as the crew evacuates, astronaut mark watney is struck by debris and lost in the storm. the telemetry from his suits biomonitor is damaged, and watney is wrongly presumed dead. with the mav on the verge of toppling, the surviving crew takes off for their orbiting vessel, the hermes. watney awakens after the storm injured, and with a low oxygen warning. he returns to the crew's surface habitat have and treats his wound via self-surgery. as watney recovers, he begins a video diary. lacking communication with earth, his only chance of rescue is via the next mars mission, four years later. the aries four will be landing 3200 kilometers, 2000 miles away, at the schiaparelli crater. watney's immediate concern is food. however, since he is the mission's botanist, he is able to improvise a garden inside the hab using martian soil fertilized with the cruise bio waste. he also is able to manufacture water from leftover rocket fuel. he then plants the crew's unused potatoes, which had been air sealed and kept in a box labelled, do not open until thanksgiving. he also begins modifying the rover for the distance track to the aries 4 landing site on earth. nasa satellite planner mindy park reviewing aerial have images, notices moved equipment and realizes watney is alive. nasa director teddy sanders publicly releases the news, though the ares 3 crew still enroute to earth are not told so that they remained focused on their mission. sanders overrules hermes flight director mitch henderson, who believes the crew should know. watney takes the rover to retrieve the nearby pathfinder probe, which fell silent in 1997. using pathfinder's camera and motor, he establishes rudimentary two-way communication with earth, first using handwritten signs and then sending and receiving ascii in hexadecimal. nasa transmits a software patch to link the rover with pathfinder and communicate via text. watney is angry that the hermes crew is unaware that he is alive, though he does not blame them for leaving him behind. sanders finally allows henderson to inform them. mars mission director vincent kapoor and jet propulsion laboratory, jpl director bruce and g prepare an iris space probe to deliver enough food for watney to survive until aries 4's arrival. meanwhile, the habs airlock malfunctions, killing the potato plants and sterilizing the soil. believing it a low risk, sanders orders the routine pre-flight safety inspections be bypassed to expedite the probe's launch. the rocket explodes soon after liftoff. watney now believes his death on mars is inevitable. the china national space administration has been developing a classified booster rocket, the taiyang shen. feeling camaraderie with nasa scientists, they sought a way to work around official barriers and offer to repeat the iris mission. as watney's situation grows riskier as time passes. jpl astrodynamicist rich purnell devises an alternative plan, have the taiyang shen rendezvous with and resupply the hermes, which will then use earth's gravity to slingshot back to mars two years earlier than ares four. sanders rejects the idea, considering it too risky for the hermes crew. henderson surreptitiously sends purnell's plan to the crew. they unanimously vote to implement it, disabling nasa's remote controls and making the course change. they also tip their hat to purnell by sending a cryptic message to nasa. rich purnell is a steely-eyed missile man. this comment is a real-life reference to nasa history. john aaron's quick thinking was credited with saving apollo 12. and his colleagues declared, john aaron is a steely-eyed missile man. watney begins the 90-soul journey to schiaparelli, where the mav for aries 4 has been pre-positioned. the mav needs to be lightened to intercept with hermes on its new course. watney removes many components and replaces the nose cone with canvas. after takeoff, the mav fails to reach the required speed. commander lewis maneuvers the hermes to decelerate by using the spacecraft's rcs system. she also orders a directional explosive decompression of the internal atmosphere to better align the ship in a manned maneuvering unit. lewis is unable to reach watney. when the tether falls short, watney pierces his pressure suit, using the escaping air to propel himself to lewis. he and the crew are reunited after mark's 560 souls alone on mars. after returning to earth, watney becomes a survival instructor for astronaut candidates. five years later, as the ares v commanded by martinez is about to launch, those involved in watney's rescue are seen in their current lives. [Music], 