the new Godzilla anime trilogy has just wrapped up on Netflix with the release of Godzilla the planet leader. there's a lot to unpack from the third and final movie, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything in regards to the trilogy's ending, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. unlike most films featuring the Leviathan, Godzilla the planet eater isn't so straightforward. we pick up with our heroes attempting to integrate with the who to our culture after the defeat of Ghidorah. they eventually adopt the tribal dress at the group wear and discard their weapons, allowing for them to almost seem happy despite their failure to kill Godzilla. of course, this simple life isn't exactly, well, simple, especially when Martin lazarey discovers that the nanotech in yukos brain-dead body could hold the key to reactivating the mecha suit piloted in the fight over mecha godzilla city. this worries Haru, however, who is now pretty much in charge of the human survivors. as he realizes that, with access to this technology, humanity would likely once again come close to destroying itself. he realizes that humans will be cursed to repeat the past and, with the advanced technology, ultimately create their own destruction. this forces him to destroy all of the remaining Mechagodzilla technology and hope that humanity will adopt the new way of life, as this is the only way to keep the peace. using the mecha godzilla suit, he takes Godzilla on face to face in the hopes that the giant monster will destroy all traces of the tech. this is where the film takes a rather internal and psychological turn that may catch some viewers off God. instead of ejecting Haru doesn't, because he fears that the hatred that he carries could be a weapon that too ends up destroying humanity. the who - I don't really carry hate in their heart. instead of carrying the philosophy of that living is winning and that dying is losing, they just accept things the way that they are and understand that Godzilla is as much a force of nature as the tides and wind. haru fears at the hate that feels inside for Godzilla directly contradicts his teachings, and therefore he is a danger to his own people just as much as Godzilla's. juxtaposing their beliefs, Haru realizes that dying is actually winning, and that by letting Godzilla destroy the technology, he is enabling Godzilla, the destroyer of human civilization, to actually be the one that saves it. it's a breathtaking introspective turn that really shows just how cerebral and well-thought-out the film is, and is something that I absolutely loved. in the post-credits scene for the film, we see that, due to the actions of Haru, who - ah are still alive, and the humans have joined their tribe. we see an effigy of the mecha suit in which Haru died, with children throwing naught into the burning fire that surrounds the reminder. this represents that they may be free of fear for the coming year. which also ties into what Haru did through the fire of Godzilla, he was able to take the fears of the future and burn them, allowing freedom to continue obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film, and if he took anything different from it, or if there was something that we missed out. there's a lot to take from the movie. and make sure you let me know in the comments below if you disagree. apologies if I mispronounced any of the names. and so watch the Japanese release, so it's a bit difficult to translate sometimes. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of what happens when you pick up the phone twice in Netflix's other big release, Bandersnatch, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who were mega into monsters. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 