[Music] research scientist Galen Urso and his family are in hiding on the planet lamu. imperial weapons developer Orson Critic arrives to force Galen into completing the Death Star, a Space Station super weapon capable of destroying planets. Galen's wife, Lyra, is killed in the confrontation, while their daughter, jyn erso, escapes and is rescued by rebel Sagar era. 15 years later, cargo pilot oh dear up defects from the Empire, taking a holographic message recorded by Galen to Sagar era on the desert moon Jetta, after learning about the Death Star from an agent at the mining colony ring of caffeine, rebel intelligence officer casseon and or freeze jinn from an imperial labor camp at whoa Bonnie before bringing her to the rebel leader, Mon Mothma, who convinces her to find and rescue Galen so the Alliance can learn more about the Death Star. casseon is covertly ordered to kill Galen rather than extract him. Jin casseon and reprogrammed Imperial droid k2s Oh to Jeddah, where the Empire is removing Kyber crystals from the holy city to power the Death Star, while Guerrera and his partisans are engaged in an armed insurgency against them. with the aid of blind spiritual warrior turret in wait and his mercenary friend, Bey's malthus, Jin makes contact with Guerrera, who has been holding rook captive. Guerrera shows her the message in which Galen reveals he has secretly built a vulnerability into the Death Star, and directs them to retrieve the schematics from an imperial data bank on the planets kara. on the Death Star, cranek orders a low-powered test shot, which destroys Jettas capital. jin and her group take rook and flee the moon, but Guerrera remains to die with the city. grand moff tarkin congratulate scran ik before using rooks defection and security League as a pretext to take control of the project. rook leads the group to gheylens imperial research facility on the planet II do, where casseon chooses not to kill Galen. Jin makes her presence known. moments before rebel bombers attack the facility, Galen is wounded and dies in his daughter's arms. before she escapes with her group on board a stolen Imperial cargo shuttle. cranek is summoned by Darth Vader to answer for the attack on II do. cranek seeks his support for an audience with the Emperor, but Vader instead orders him to ensure no further breaches occur. Jin proposes a plan to steal the Death Star schematics using the rebel fleet, but fails to gain approval from the Alliance Council, who feel victory against the Empire is now impossible. frustrated at their inaction, Jin's group lead a small squad of rebel volunteers to raid the Data Bank themselves, arriving at Skara on the stolen Imperial ship, which rook dubs rogue. one of disguised jin &amp; Kassian enter the base with k2s oh, while the other rebels attacked the resident Imperial garrison as a distraction. the rebel fleet learns of the raid from intercepted Imperial communications and deploy in support. k2s o sacrifices himself so Jin and cassian can retrieve the data turret. my is killed after activating the master switch to allow communications with the rebel fleet, and Malthus dies in a battle. shortly afterwards, rook is killed by a grenade after informing the rebel fleet that it must deactivate the shield surrounding the planet to allow the transmission of the schematics. jimin casseon obtained the schematics, but they are ambushed by cranek, who was eventually shot and wounded by cassian. Jin transmits the schematics to the rebel command ship. the Death Star enters orbit above scare off', where Tarkin uses another low-power shot to destroy the compromised base, killing cranek, casseon and jin. the rebel fleet prepares to jump to hyperspace, but many of the fleet ships are intercepted by Vader's flagship. Vader boards the rebel command ship and attempts to regain the schematics, but a small starship escapes with the plans on board. aboard the fleeing ship, Princess Leia declares that the schematics will provide hope for the rebellion. [Music] 