yeah, this is recap preps. y'all been wait for it, and it's finally time for us to finish the Infinity Saga. it's Avengers infinity war and Avengers and game comin at you real fast. whatever its face. yo. here we go. Ragnarok had a hopeful close. forget that. now. those bros a toast. let's grab the baddie from Avengers 1, cuz lavenders daddy's on the scavenger hunt. banner comes to beneath the stairs. there's a battle in robes and athleisure, where magic and nanotech finally comes swinging in. then they go to space. in the Hulk stays in. pretend cut the vet knee. and Olson in Scotland, Courtney's interrupt steve's beard stops um. Steve's beer so fully clean. those beautiful bristles own every scene. Thor's in on the Guardian. experience gets 20/20, sees giant Aryan mechanics with the help of fever dream team, star-crossed fit and the arm of the tree team. the more I can't give her dad to slip toward about the power of an acid trip. Red Skull Sherpas upon in the worst way crappy Etta take you down of the workday. now, strange is feeling the vibes. lots of water. forty million, six hundred five, ganging up on a knows. everybody. hold on. almost got it, but quill is a [ __ ]. what kind of opens up? CGI. war book II, rocket, double scar the storm breaking. Thor visions fine fret to complete the set. then an axe to the chest. should've gone for the head. oh, snap. I mean, he said he would. mr. stark, I don't feel so good. Jerry sends a page right before he kicks the bucket. Thanos his boot, but Posey productive. No, Oh, say hello and goodbye to the Barton. snippet. Tony saved by deus ex. Larsen, Dennis. SB, time before the avenging. go for the head. no, he's that one landing. JK, now, it's been five years. they've lost so much pudding. Steve's beard. grant hits a button. Scotty's in the fray on his Paul Rudd game. eight aged a day. it's a heist. round up the squad. Thor's rocking. divorced uncle bod pob. guys raging in the Tokyo nightlife. whole course. sweater ScarJo has highlights. but Tony settle down for once, til he sees a photo of a surrogate son. he does the science and joins a plan. flashback time, and you're welcome, fans, 2012, that was a [ __ ] familiar enemies. [ __ ] Stephen thieves. and it's back to the 70s on Kenny p.m. aged accurate. Carter. Tony offers fatherly advice to his father. emotional judo for the powerless. people. RIF Black Widow kiss. we'll see you in the prequel. Odin has been a CCTV. hooks not go. Danis want a repeat. beefcake battle. flying fists of fury. feel the rattle your cap is worthy. important circles for a man getting through the man tolls that cheering. guns. some nipples turn great. Tuggle. flying machines. ladies in the mix. here we go. Yas Queen gauntlet rugby. here's the one and only chance. I'm inevitable. I'm Iron Man. santoni's heart out adrift on the lake. no one. RSVP'd note at the wake, breaking new ground and univers found in lucky 3000 that in counting cat takes the stones back. ever so dutiful. gave life a chance. and why not? it's so beautiful, locked in his legacy. oh, but beyond that, evans better have faux beard in his contract. that was the infinity saga, y'all. and this is recap brats. but this journey is far from over. they got at least a dozen spin-offs, sequels, prequels, across every conceivable media platform. you get ready to marvel till you die, y'all. [Music], hey everyone, brian here. thanks so much for watching. don't forget, you can download and stream this and other recap wraps by just clicking the link up here, or give us watch another video by clicking down here. and I guess this time for me to get snapped away then. huh? what's that? Widow? my budget for it. I'm walking 