hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a supernatural horror film. dr sleep. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the movie begins with a murder scene somewhere in the woods of florida in the 1980s. violet hansen, a young girl who is camping with her mother, wanders in the forest to pick some flowers. there she encounters a mysterious woman seated in the lakeside who introduces herself as rose the hat. this woman lures the girl with magic tricks. as she catches the attention of violet. this young girl begins to get disturbed by other people skulking around. rose continues to trick the young girl, until eventually the people sees violet. as it turns out, rose is the head honcho of the true knot, a sect of soothsayers who hound children in order to augment their lifespans by consuming steam afranic essence from the torture and murder of children who have the shining. they travel around america in their rvs in order to find children who hold this power and exploit them. the actions of the cult are driven by greed to do such horrendous acts to children. indeed, this is the very definition of the word evil. one surely would wonder, are they even still human? in this scene, young danny torrance is still traumatized by what happened to them at the overlook hotel. he still experiences frightening dreams and phantasms about the elements that they saw back in the hotel. at this point, wendy, his mother, is concerned that her son, affectionately known as doc, has not spoken to her since they left the hotel. danny, who possesses psychic powers, visions the spirit of dick halloran, who presents a wooden box. he tells danny that he can use the box in order to ward off evil spirits. after their conversation, wendy runs to her child, who is seated on the bench. and this scene illustrates a bulletin board with a missing child notice for violet hanson. that night, danny and wendy are watching looney tunes on tv. danny goes to the comfort room. here, he uses the box in his mind to capture the bathtub lady, which is one of the spirits he saw back in the overlook hotel, and confines her inside. as danny goes back to his mother, he begins talking to her again. fast forward to the year 2011. danny, a grown-up man, now leads a thuggish life in new jersey and engages in alcoholism to forget about his shine and cope up with his troubled childhood. danny figures in her brawl in a bar, beating a man unconscious. he then engages in a wonderful and pleasurable activity with a woman from the bar. as he wakes up in the morning with the woman on the bed, he sees her child and becomes baffled by the sight. meanwhile, in a cinema somewhere in long island, andy, a 15 year old girl, meets up with an older guy who connected with her from a dating platform. rose, with her agent and paramour, crow daddy, happens to be at the cinema and observes her from distant seats. andy, who also has psychic powers, manipulates the older man to make him sleep, steals his wallet and cuts his cheek. then rose and crow chase andy outside the theater to bring her to their refuge. the story shifts to anniston, new hampshire, where there is a birthday party for ever stone, a five-year-old girl, who apparently also has the shining. inside their home, abra's parents, dave and lucy, see many pieces of spoons floating in the ceiling of their kitchen. the spoons fall over the table as the young girl says, abracadabra. in the meantime, a still phase, danny rides a bus upstate to fraser new hampshire, where he composes himself. while wandering around downtown, he meets and later befriends a local resident named billy freeman. as they talk, danny confesses that he is running away from something. billy helps danny to secure somewhere to stay and deal with a strict landlady. in this scene, billy and danny develop a bond out of the ordinary. we can say that it is billy who saved danny from his desolation and made him into a new man, and that without him, danny could have just ended up to death. and he wakes up the next morning only to find herself inside rose's rv. rose tells andy that she sees her potential to be a favorable asset of the true not. rose offers the teenager, whom she nicknamed snakebite annie a proposition to join them with the promise that she can eat well, stay young and live long, basically partaking in the evil deeds of the psychic company. rose and the rest of the true not members initiate andy into the cult. grandpa flick, the oldest member, presides over it. rose grabs a canister, saying that it contains the steam of violet. she funnels it into andy, while the other members take their precious share of it. annie experiences twitching and screeching until all the shine is absorbed into her body. danny experiences a nightmare where he perceives spirits are sleeping beside him. dan descends to billy's room and asks for help. while he is scared at that moment, billy accompanies danny to a meeting of alcoholics anonymous. at the local conference, danny meets a doctor, john dalton. when danny saw that the doctor was holding on to his wrist, he proceeds to him and says that he left his watch in the bathroom. impressed by what he saw, dalton hires danny as an orderly in a local hospice. one starry night, while he is working in the hospice, danny sees azzy the cat who went into the room of an old guy. he knows that a patient will pass away soon when as he comes up to their room and lays on their bed, sensing imminent death, the old man is afraid of death, but dany comforts and tells him that dying is simply like falling asleep. with this, the man accords the moniker doctor sleep to danny. the man soon dies, and a breath of steam could be seen emanating from him. danny is soon back home when he sees a writing on the blackboard wall of his quarters, saying hello, to which he responds by writing, hi. after eight years, danny discusses in an aaa meeting how he didn't know his father, and only since being close to him while intoxicated, this enabled him to recognize that they were both going through similar struggles. but danny ultimately chose the path of righteousness. he continues to work in the hospice in the same capacity as he did previously. meanwhile, the true knot has yet to snap on a nice victim, as of recent subsisting on canisters containing vestigial shine from children who are not as steamy. in adair iowa, they pin down bradley trevor, a young baseball player who performs well in games, aided by his shine, the cult members managed to track him down and lure him into their van. they bring him to a deserted place where they delight in the steam coming out from him while they torture him to death. abra senses the deed, she belts out that make her parents awaken. she then tells them about the murder of bradley. meanwhile, rose perceives the presence of the young girl and starts wondering where it came from. danny sees a write-up on his wall bedroom. when inverted this becomes murder, he writes back, who then abra responds by writing, baseball boy. the cult members then clean up their mess and kick the boy's corpse into a shallow grave at her school. abra studies the sudden disappearance of bradley trevor. as she goes back home, she perceives what the true knot was up to. at the moment. she peeks out into her window, levitating briefly while she fetters with rose, who enters her mind. the young girl defenestrates rose out, bringing her down to the floor of the supermarket where she was in. rose has mixed emotions about what she just discovered. she relays this to crow and says that avra might be hard to handle for the true knot, and suggests that she must be terminated. danny and abbott track each other and talk about the powers they have. abra informs danny regarding the true knot. the man warns the young girl that she must avoid getting detected as she uses her shine. on a dark night. while he is in the hospice, danny, who followed as he the cat, stumbles into dick halloran, the same guy whose spirit he met while he was a child. dick taps danny's conscience into realizing what the true knot is up to, and that he must protect abra at all costs. dick then tells danny that this is the last time he will be seen by danny. meanwhile, rose, in revenge for whatever did, penetrates inside her mind while she sleeps in her room. she sees drawers with files inside, and attempts to scurry among them. abra knew the intentions of rose in advance. the young girl proceeds to trap rose's hand inside the cabinet. rose ruptures her skin in an attempt to take her hand away. this leaves her hand bleeding. she notices that when she returns to her real body, the injury remains. this further makes rose burst into anger, conceiving her plan to kill the young girl. at the same time, grandpa flick begins to cycle. he is too weak to live further, and after being comforted by rose, who reminds him about his achievements in life, he passes away and vanishes. the cult members then try to absorb the steam that remains in him. andy is puzzled at what she saw here. rose reminds her of the fact that, while they can live very long, they would not live forever. abra calls danny once more to request help in locating the corpse of bradley. through this she would be able to trace the whereabouts of the true knot. dave and billy venture into the deserted place where bradley is buried. there the delve into the shallow grave. the two freaked out and nauseated at the sight of the dead body, the pair bring the glove back to abra. but abra's father knew about her connection with a certain uncle dan. at first, dave, her father, thinks danny is some kind of weasel, but danny explains the situation to him. abra finally pinpoints the location of the cult members. she realizes that they are going after her. danny and billy proceed to the force to lure the cult while ever tricks them from her home. danny and billy take advantage of the wooded cover with their sniper guns and begin to unleash all hell on the cult members. rose senses the pain while her cult members are being hounded. in the shootout, billy is able to gun down andy, but she goes to manipulate billy into head shooting himself before she passes away. at the same time, crowe penetrated into aber's home, killing her father and taking her with him. danny returns to their home later. he connects his mind with that of abra and enters the mind of crow. the two maneuver crow into driving his vehicle into a tree because he failed to wear his seat belt. he is forced out of the vehicle and is instantly killed. danny meets up with abra and goes on a road trip to colorado to put up a last defense against the exasperated rose in the abandoned overlook hotel high in the mountains. danny is strong enough to face his fears as he walks back into the place where his trauma, the frightening event that completely changed his life that occurred many years ago. danny has evolved significantly over the last 40 years. he ceases to be the barbaric, disappointed and wrecked man he once was. he does learn a great deal on his life journey and discovers his purpose. this scene has an impactful development that leaves the audience with a positive aura. danny courageously enters the hotel, peeking through the rooms. then inside the mezzanine bar, he meets the bartender who looks like danny's father. danny reminisces the fact that her mother died when he was 20, knowing that she was dying because of the flies wandering around her. the bartender then takes the persona of danny's father to down the drink he offered to danny. as rose finally arrives in the condemned hotel, danny and abra banned into trapping their adversary in the icy hedge maze. adra manages to wound rose, cutting her legs, while she mockingly imitates rose's dialogue when she kills bradley. i find this part of the film very amusing. abra's character overall, is made to be that of a cool-headed, savvy, all-knowing young girl. unlike danny, while he was young, somewhat managed to use her shining in everyday life. she is a perfect successor to danny's legacy. rose struggles free from danny and amber's control and sends the young girl fleeing for her life. this leaves danny at his own devices as he faces rose alone. rose penetrates into danny's mind and sees all the fear and trauma that he had while in the overlook, enabling her to begin taking his shine. but then rose sees the boxes of the spirits of the overlook, thinking that they have more power. however, danny unshackles all the spirits, who eventually converge into rose and take all of her shine, ending her life. things take an unfortunate turn as danny becomes the next victim of the spirits who possess him. the berserk. danny manages to track abra, the young girl is able to reach into danny's inner self. danny sends abra out of the hotel. already aware of what is going to happen to him, he takes all the spirits into the boiler room and causes the overlook to go up in flames with him. the death of danny torrance is a meaningful death. is not the death itself that rings the bell, for he has nothing to lose and everything to gain in life. it is what we can get from it that truly matters. the value of sacrifice and that we need to let go of the things dear to us in order to achieve something greater that will be beneficial in the long run. abra continues to talk with danny's spirit after he died. when her mother asks about this, abbreck first rebuffs everything that happened, but then confides that she was communicating with danny and even with her father. the movie ends when abra and her mother are watching tv. and abra excuses herself to go to the bathroom where the bathtub lady lurks, just as young danny did 40 years ago. abra traps the spirit into the box in her mind. this is daniel cc movie channel peace out. 