they said that even loving couples will have the idea to strangle each other 50 times in their lifetime. however, is marriage really so horrible? welcome back to film time, a movie recap channel. today we are watching a classic suspense film directed by david fincher, gone girl. it is a must-watch suspense film for couples because it set aside the sweet veneer of love and revealed the hideous nature of marriage. today is the fifth wedding anniversary of ben and amy. ben woke up early and came to the bar co-owned by his sister. as usual, ben complained about his wife and the hopeless marriage. soon a phone call made. ben going back home. it turns out that the enthusiastic neighbor found that the cats in ben's house slipped out, and amy did not seem to be at home. ben found signs of a fight in the living room. the chairs fell on the ground and the coffee table was broken. yet no signs of amy being in the house were found. ben panicked and called the police. the policewoman in charge found two suspicious bloodstains in a hidden place on top of the cupboard. the police immediately cordoned off the scene and launched an investigation. so ben had to stay with his sister, knowing their daughter was missing. amy's parents held a press conference immediately. both elderly people are best selling writers. they had created a series of books based on their daughter called magical amy. amy herself also gained countless fans. at the launch, the two old elderly appealed to their fans to help find their daughter. the case of amy's disappearance sparked public debate. at the same time, the police made an important discovery after the investigation. the policewoman found a strange letter in the closet, which seemed to have some kind of clue written on it. ben explained that it was a little game of treasure hunt between him and amy. every year on their wedding anniversary, amy would break down the location of the hidden gift into several clues and hide them in envelopes leading to the gifts. this letter should be the first clue. this year. ben soon had an answer, and he brought the policewoman to his office. it turned out that ben teaches in a university as a part-time teacher. in the office, then they did find a second envelope with clues inside pointing to a brown hut. the policewoman also found sexy red underwear in the corner of the office, which made ben extremely embarrassed. ben said he did not know the location of the little brown hut, but that night he sneaked off alone to his father's old house. it turns out that ben's father's name is brown, so ben knows that the brown hut refers to his father's house. the third envelope was on the table of the cottage at this moment. the police tracked it down. then panicked and hid the envelope in his pocket. faced with the police's question, he explained that this is his father's old house. he would come over once a week, and the exterior of this cottage is blue. it's definitely not a brown cottage. after saying that, ben drove away, and the police used a flashlight to shine the hut, which was indeed blue. however, it is obvious that he got to be guilty of something. not only the police, but also the crowds think that ben was suspicious. the media issued two photos of him. one was taken at the press conference of ben giggling next to his wife's search. notice the second is a photo of him with the reporter, still with a silly smile. how can a man still laugh when his wife is missing? would the murderer be himself? everyone pointed their fingers at ben to come the public opinion. ben attended amy's blessing events. he explained that the smile on the photo was just out of politeness. and then, with a sad face, he told how much he was worried and missed his wife. the crowd of onlookers was finally moved by it. just then, a female neighbor suddenly jumped out and loudly questioned what ben had done to his pregnant wife. the whole crowd was stunned. why had ben never mentioned such important news about the pregnancy? ben himself was so confused that he had to flee the scene in a hurry, seeing that he could not defend himself. the police soon came back to the door, and they now suspected that this was not a case of disappearance, but a case of murder. the number one suspect is ben. as the investigation progressed, more suspicions on ben. all of the family's property is in amy's name, including the ben's bar. second, ben's credit debt is high. he also suddenly bought a life insurance for amy. third, if the kidnapper and amy had a fight, how could all the furnishings be neat and tidy, except for the chairs and coffee table? obviously the struggle marks in the living room came from deliberate faking. and the real crime scene was in the kitchen. besides, lumino testing showed that there was a large amount of blood residue cleaned off the floor. and these blood stains matched with amy's the hospital visit record showed that amy was indeed pregnant. in addition, the police found an unburned diary and a bloodstained stick in the fireplace of ben's father's cabin. the diary was filled with amy's accusations against ben. ben was thus discontented and became increasingly indifferent to his wife. amy tried to use the child to keep their marriage together, but when he learned that his wife was pregnant, her husband not only did not have a trace of joy, but coldly pushed her to the ground. it is obvious that ben did not want the child. at the end of the diary, amy wrote, i think he will kill me. in this case, the murder's motives are all clear. a terrible kill his pregnant wife's husband in order to get rid of the marriage and get the high insurance payments. in the face of police questioning, ben denied it repeatedly and finally broke the cup in anger. refusing to answer any questions and remaining silent is the right of the suspect, so the police can do nothing about him. the only thing that can be done now is to find the body, so that evidence can be found to bring the killer to justice. but where exactly is amy? in fact, she did not die at all. amy is hiding in another city, secretly focusing on the farce, which is all her revenge on her scum husband. not long after the marriage, amy found out that the perfect guy is just ben's disguise. when they're in love, he is actually a lazy person and a philanderer. amy knows that she is not ben's ideal wife candidate. the two imperfect people put up with each other until another cool girl appears at school who was younger and more energetic. amy could not stand it any longer. so this highly intelligent woman had a bold plan. the first step to make good relations with the gossipy neighbor, reveal the secret of her husband as a domestic violence bastard. the second step is to secretly max out your husband's credit card, making the illusion that he is short of money, and cajole him to sign on her insurance. the third step is to compose a diary and carefully fabricate the image of a miserable wife. in this way, the motive and evidence for killing his wife to cheat the insurance payments are available. the next step is to set up the scene of the murder. on the day of the wedding anniversary, the show officially began. amy first extracted her own blood and splashed it on the ground, then broke the coffee table in purpose to make a fake kidnap scene. then throw her diary and would stick into the fireplace, leaving both things half burnt, to make the police think that the husband didn't have enough time to destroy the evidence and weapon. a memorial day scavenger hunt is the best way to lead the deceased had better be a poor pregnant woman. amy invited a pregnant female neighbor to her home as a guest and took the opportunity to extract the other woman's urine, which was then sent to the hospital for leaving a pregnancy record. after doing all this, amy disguised herself and took a black car to a strange city. then rented a small, cheap hotel and secretly observed the development. everything was exactly as she had envisioned, although the case was not yet closed. ben had become the acknowledged murderer. the media are all over the case. public opinion is in an uproar. the crowd is furious, and ben has become a street rat. but amy's plan is not over yet. she is ready to throw herself into the seat three months later, so as to make the husband's murder charge and send him to the gallows. she will not make ben's life easy, since he didn't treat her well. however, the plan failed to catch up with the change. amy was pleased, until being noticed by a group of gangsters living next door to the hotel. they found out that amy was hiding her identity, so she did not dare to call the police. then they robbed her of all the cash with her amy became penniless at once she had no choice but to go to his ex-boyfriend and lie that she had been abused, which is why she planned this runaway. the ex-boyfriend not only believed the rhetoric, but also prepared a luxury villa for her. but when she got there, amy realized that he wanted to take the opportunity to imprison her. the house is full of cameras. the door is equipped with a combination lock. she simply cannot go out after she came in. on the other side, ben finally solves the puzzle in the third letter, the clue that points to the small woodshed of his sister's house. it was filled with his favorite expensive gaming equipment. those are stolen from ben's credit card. ben finally realized the fact that he had been fooled by his wife. but these things could not be used as evidence at all, because he cannot prove that these were bought by amy. he can only sit on his own financial problems. dot however, then also that he couldn't cope with this clever woman with his own intelligence. dot, so he spent a lot of money to find an experienced lawyer. after hearing what happened, the lawyer directly asked ben to go to amy's ex-boyfriends, hoping to dig up the negative information of this woman, so that they can easily worsen amy's reputation. the ex-boyfriends are simply not willing to help ben. so ben had to find another ex-boyfriend of amy. this guy told ben that amy has a strong desire to control. he chose to break up because he could not stand each other. at that time, amy became angry and even falsely accused himself of assaulting her ex-boyfriend. so he left a criminal record, and cannot find any evidence of innocence. the ex-boyfriend told ben that it seems to be useless to defame her. the lawyer gave ben another idea, that is to take the initiative to admit their mistakes, to clear their own image of a bad guy. to do this, the lawyer gave ben special training in acting. carefully designed every line, every expression. in the following media interview, ben's acting skills exploded perfectly portrayed the image of a prodigal husband. he also tearfully applied for a confession to his wife, sincerely apologized and called on amy to return to him as soon as possible. this works. the direction of public opinion on the internet reversed. many people began to praise ben for his commitment and deep love. even amy couldn't help but look at her husband differently after watching the show. of course, she was not impressed by ben, but such a good at disguise merit in the heart of the man is the perfect husband. in her own minds. thinking of this, amy suddenly did not want to die again. she wanted to return to ben. now, the rich ex-boyfriend who imprisoned her becomes the only obstacle. soon she comes up with a new plan. as the rich ex-boyfriend leaves the house, amy started her show. she first tied a rope around her ankles, then hurt herself with a wine bottle, then poured red wine on his skirt to disguise it as blood. then she ran under the camera probe and let out a whale of pain, leaving evidence of his captivity and abuse. with superb acting, when the ex-boyfriend came back, amy slashed his neck and caused him to death. in this way, amy smoothly escaped from the villa, covered in blood, to return to her husband. under the crowd of countless reporters, the couple embraced each other with deep emotion. afterward, the two came to the police station, and amy told the police that it was her ex-boyfriend who had kidnapped and imprisoned her and used every means to inflict violence on her. she had to find an opportunity to kill the perverted maniac in order to protect herself. the surveillance in the villa, the bruises on her body all proved that amy did not lie, as the evidence was overwhelming, and the experience described by amy was so vivid that it could not be seen as false. the police finally decided that she was justified in self-defense and acquitted her. and the disappearance case came to an end. amy showed up again in the spotlight with a wound. after coming back home and closing the door, she removed all the pretense calmly admit that the ex-boyfriend is just a poor scapegoat. she was the one who cut his neck. after saying that, amy proudly advised her husband not to try to leave her, because the two of them have been firmly tied together the prodigal man waited for his courageous wife, and the abused woman returned to the warm embrace of her husband. this is the perfect ending that the media and the hungry public want most. not long after, amy announced to ben that she was really pregnant with ivf and that her husband would never be able to leave her again. ben angrily and painfully asked his wife, what is the point of tormenting and controlling each other like this? amy just calmly replied, this is what marriage really is. at the end of the story, ben told reporters that he and his wife to be parents with a happy face under the camera. it seems that this shivering, fake marriage will continue. gone girl is a thrilling masterpiece in the history of cinema. it has been nominated for the golden globe award for best screenplay, and is also a masterpiece of the fear of marriage. what's even scarier is that the scary plot in the movie is not just the story, but we can find many of the same, or even more scary cases in real life. i hope that everyone who is looking forward to marriage will be able to meet a person with mutual support and progress together. all right. that's all for today. if you like film time a movie recap channel. please don't forget to like and subscribe. you can leave message about the movie you would like us to recap. i will see you next time. 