hi guys. sci-fi recapped here before we start. morning. spoilers ahead. today, i'm gonna explain a 2012 chinese action fantasy movie called the yin yang master. there is a man named ching ming. he's bred from the human and demon race, which makes him half human and half demon. he works as an officer of the yin yang bureau, guarding demon souls and a supernatural artifact called the scale stone. one night, there is an attack on the base, and he is alone on the site with all the guards killed and his senior named simu also killed. after being accused, he gives his statements that he's not the one that kills simu because he's the only one alive at the guarding site. his statement is not accepted, so the other guard gives orders to arrest him. disagreeing with the final choice, ching ming uses his technique to escape from the site. the scene then moves to seven years later. there is a group of yin yang bureau soldiers running an errand to deliver some offerings for the festival. on the way, they got raided by a mysterious being. the soldiers get scared and run away, but their captain, named voya, charges to attack the mysterious being. after a while, boya manages to reveal the identity of the mysterious being. it turns out that the mysterious being is disguised by three ferrets using a costume. they then continue to fight, but when they're about to clash, someone casts a spell between them, and it causes a mini explosion. turns out ching ming is the ferret subordinate, and he was the one who cast the spell. he then immediately casts a spell again to boya, making boya slip every time he gets up. after that, ching ming calls all of his subordinates to loot the offerings. after they finish the loot, they go back to their hideout. there they have a good rest for themselves. on one night, two black winged demons infiltrate the yin yang bureau palace. one of the demons casts a spell and controls one of the guards, causing the guard to cause a ruckus inside the subduing cells where the evil demon is imprisoned. because of this, the captain that guards the scale stone rushes to the site. the demon then continues to carry out their plan. they kill all of the remaining guards that are guarding the scale stone. when they're about to leave, the yin yang bureau chief named beni realizes that the demons have broken into the place. and then she rushes to the site. she immediately casts a spell to seal the scale stone. unfortunately, one of the demons manages to get the artifact and flies out, and the other demon is trapped inside the seal. after that, the chief chases the demon. the chief immediately shoots an arrow to the demon, and it hits the demon, so he falls down into the forest. coincidentally, the three ferrets are also there, and they immediately take the scale stone. feeling frightened, one of the ferrets swallows the stone, and then they run from the forest. after they get back, they explain to ching ming that one of them swallows the stone without knowing what the stone is. when ching ming checks the ferret, suddenly his surroundings turn dark. and the demon king orders ching ming to resurrect him, because ching ming has his blood running in his veins. ching ming then rushes to lock the ferret with a spell. then immediately goes to the demon realm to get something connected to the scale stone. meanwhile, the black wing demon goes back to his hideout to report to his superior the snow queen demon. the snow queen demon then punishes him by freezing him, and then orders her hand demon to execute him. the scene continues to boya he is being summoned to the court of the guard and give an order to find the offerings that he lost. boya then travels to get information about ching ming. he also meets someone named shell who seems to know ching ming. and she tells boya that he might find ching ming in the demon realm. she also asked voya to bring her to find ching ming, because she knows how to get to the demon realm. long story short, they finally get to the demon realm entrance. shenla starts to cast a spell to open the entrance, and she manages to do it. inside the demon realm, shenla immediately applies plum leaf water for both of them to get rid human scents off them. after that, they look around the demon realm while waiting for ching-ming to show up. after a while, ching-ming also arrives in the demon realm. boyo rushes to him, and turns out shanle is also one of ching-ming subordinates. then ching ming casts a spell on him, again, making boya's body in ching ming's control. ching-ming then goes to the owner of the fighting pits, who knows a lot about artifacts. both of them are business partners. ching-ming then asks for the tushan sword. tushan sword is an artifact that defeated the demon king in the past. because of this, the tushan sword is a taboo word in the demon realm. the owner refuses and claims that he doesn't know about the sword's whereabouts. but then ching ming uses his techniques to threaten the owner. the owner then suggests that he will give the sword if ching ming also gives him something. ching ming trades two human lives, which is boya and shenla, to the owner. the owner immediately puts boya to the fighting pit arena for entertainment. before leaving, ching ming casts a talisman spell and leaves it near the arena. after that, he gets to the swords location. when he manages to unseal the sword, suddenly the yin yang bureau officers surround him. ching ming, who already knows this would happen, manages to escape again by using his technique. but unfortunately, the chief is already waiting for him. he then casts an illusion spell, but the chief knows how to dispel it, and she manages to dispel the illusion. after that, he continues to run. meanwhile, boya fights with the red evil demon, which he underestimates. he manages to give several punches to the demon, but surprisingly, the demon becomes angry and then transforms to a bigger size of him. this makes the demon have the upper hand. after a while, the demon manages to capture boya. suddenly, ching ming's talisman activates and goes to the demon, making him slip if he takes another step. here, voya coincidentally finds the demon's weak spot. he uses this opportunity to attack the demon, and the demon turns back to his small version. the audience then throws some weapons for boya to execute the demon. boya then takes an axe, but he spares the demon's life. he then climbs up to free shenla. after that, they get cornered by the demon soldier. but surprisingly, the red evil demon also comes up and helps them to escape. on the other hand, ching ming arrives at the arena, and the sword gets snatched by the chief. he fights back to get the sword, but then the cover explodes and the sword goes straight to boya's location, making the demon step back. they then run outside and get surrounded by the demon soldier. ching ming then comes to them, and suddenly the yin yang bureau officers come out and attack them. ching ming immediately casts a protection spell, but an officer manages to get to his back and attacks him. unexpectedly, the chief comes to his aid and protects him. unfortunately, the chief gets attacked by the officers. this makes ching ming very angry. and then he immediately casts a teleportation spell, teleporting them to his hideout. ching ming treats the chief's wound, and he spots a bracelet attached to her. it turns out that the bracelet is a pact between the chief and ching ming. in the past, the pact is a sign of the demon that has a master making the demon can't be turned evil. because he is half human and half demon. he can be both master and familiar. that is why he has many subordinates that are his familiar. after a while, the chief wakes up, and then ching ming explains the real events about semu that have occurred before. one night, simu asks chiang ming for himself to cover ching ming's shift to guard the scale stone, and ching-ming agrees. after that, ching ming senses the demon king's aura coming from the scale stone. he immediately rushes to there, only to find out that the guard has been killed and there is no queen. demon with wounded simus hostages. the demon then attacks ching ming with her spell. ching ming manages to block the attack, but after that, they disappear. after all that explanation, the chief still doesn't trust ching ming. meanwhile, the ferret has already mutated, and he attacks his surroundings. qingbing realizes that the scale stone is within the ferret, so he decides to stab him with tishon sword, making the ferret die and turning the ferret to dust. the scale stone is taken by the chief, and she leaves by teleportation spell. the group then gives a ceremony to the ferret that died. ching ming and the rest also have some drinks to reminisce about the ferret. continuing to the chief, she teleports to the forest where the yin yang bureau officers find her. not long after, suddenly, the snow queen demon strikes them with a wide range spell, causing many of the officers to freeze. then the snow queen demon strikes the remaining officers that survived with close combat. eventually she manages to kill all the officers, except for the chief. when the chief is cornered, ching ming comes and helps the chief from getting killed. the snow queen then lowers chiang ming out of the area, and they battle each other. meanwhile, surprisingly, simu is still alive and comes to the chief's location out of nowhere. he casts a cursed spell to the chief, making the chief pass out. and he then takes the scale stone from the chief. he then fuses with the stone and becomes the new demon king. on the other hand, ching ming eventually won the battle. the snow queen demon then says her last word, and that's when ching ming realizes simu is the one who tried to steal the scale stone and made a pact with her. after that, he stabs and kills the snow queen demon. after simu becomes the demon king, he goes to the demon realm. there he casts a spell that causes all the demons in the demon realm to mutate. after that, sumu orders all of the demons to attack humans. ching ming subordinate acts fast. they apply talisman spells to them to avoid the mutation. then they move to the bridge, the only way that connects human world and demon realm. at first boyo refuses to join them, but then red evil demon asks him to join and he agrees. ching ming comes to where semu is. simu then explains that he's the one who freed the snow queen demon from the subduing cell, and also the one who attempts to steal the scale stone. after that, simu and ching ming fought. at first. ching-ming is no match against simu, but then he gives simu a surprise attack, stabbing simu right on the chest. surprisingly, the tanchu sword has no effects on semu. simu then hits ching ming and he passes out. ching ming subordinate starts a siege to block the mutated demon soldier, the rat demon, tries to bite the bridge from below to destroy the bridge. one of them also turns into a tree, blocking the only way to pass the bridge. after a while, voya shenla and the red evil demon fall from the tree and have to fight close combat but suddenly, the demon soldier stops to attack. turns out semu is already there, and he immediately stabs ching ming in front of his subordinates. after that, he drops ching ming off the bridge. the tree demon also turns back to her human form. so they had to fight close combat. but fortunately, half part of the bridge is destroyed by the rat demons. so they immediately try to destroy the other half. boya, who is in the front line, attacks one of the demons and gets blocked. the demon counters boya's attack, but the red evil demon acts fast to carry him, so he's the one getting stabbed right on his chest. the red evil demon then carries the demon and jumps to destroy the bridge. he then says goodbye to boya as he falls from the bridge. meanwhile, ching ming meets again with the demon king in his dying moments. there the demon king shows him the struggles of his subordinate and offers him his power, but he's the one who must become the master. ching min refuses, as he tries to self-destruct himself, so the demon king's power will also disappear. because of this, the demon king changes the offer, and they finally make a pact together with ching ming becoming the master. simu then tries to pass the bridge by his gigantic hand demon, but suddenly simu comes with his new obtained power. the two of them fight again, but now ching ming's the one with the upper hand. the fight goes one-sidedly, and eventually, ching-ming punches through simu's chest and takes the scale stone from him. simu then disappears into the dust. as he disappears, the spell cast upon the chief also lifts out. the chief then immediately comes to the bridge and asks him to stay with humans, but he refuses. he destroys the scale stone, and then he releases all the pact he has made with all of his subordinates. he then goes back to the demon realm with all of the demons that survived. in the final scene, boya is seen to be a great hero by the civilians. as the cart moves, he talks his hope about the return of ching ming, who actually didn't want to release all his pack to become the new demon king, but he had two. then boya meets again with shenla. as they both smile at each other. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like to help the channel out. thank you for watching. 