At dinner, there are fathers and sons happily enjoying their meal. While talking, an elder man suddenly suffers from body pain. He soon becomes mutated with his lower half mutated in a spider-like creature. He attacks the family right after that. What makes him transform? Would other men make it survive from the mutated father? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us to the movie titled: Infestation. Be aware, there are spoilers. Now, let\xe2\x80\x99s begin! In a busy telesales company, Cooper is late for work. He doesn\xe2\x80\x99t like this job and usually messes up with the customers. His boss Maureen calls him in and decides to fire him promptly. Just then, the two encounter a high-pitched noise. Cooper wails in pain and passes out. Several days later, Cooper wakes up and realizes that his body is fully covered in a cocoon. He is very weak and nauseous with a sting bite on the face. While checking around the office, Cooper is attacked by a giant bug from the ceiling. He stabs the bug with an umbrella and fights it away. He then helps Maureen and other co-workers out of the webs. Maureen recalls talking with her daughter named Sara before the incident. She runs out to look for the girl. Cooper says that he will check on Sara and warns Maureen to get back inside for her safety. Cooper breaks the cocoon and Sara finally gains consciousness. However, Cooper gets pepper sprayed from Sara who assumes he is a bad guy. Maureen runs to the car and soon is captured away by a big wasp from the sky. More bugs surround the two after that. As an energetic doctor, Sara learns that these bugs only follow the noise they make. She turns the car alarm to distract the bugs and carries Cooper to a restaurant nearby. The two meet up with other people there: a student Leechee, a blonde Cindy, a deaf teenager Hugo and his father Albert, Roger, PJ and a cop. They discuss how to escape from the bugs. The cop commands the group not to go anywhere. Roger and PJ decide not to listen. They get on Roger\xe2\x80\x99s truck against the advice of others. When the truck leaves for a while, Roger is attacked by a wasp, leaving the truck to drive by itself. PJ jumps out of the truck and ends up being smashed by it. The cop also gets killed by a bug from behind him. Albert is stung by a wasp while preventing Hugo from saving the cop. The survivors flee to a building. On the top, the group notices that there is a huge swarm of wasps in the sky. They are heading to them. Leechee learns that the bugs are actually blind. The group then tries to trap a bug by radio noise. Leechee suggests milking the bug to get the venom to study about this creature. Later at night, she tells the group that the venom contains sedatives which put everybody to sleep and some proteins from their queen. The group decides to walk to the nearest military airbase at Gibson the next day. On the way, they will stop by their families to check on their members. For the moment, they will stay overnight in the building. Each will rotate to watch for the bugs while others take a rest. During the set up, Sara brings a pair of shoes that she found for Cindy. Sara thinks Cindy can\xe2\x80\x99t walk tomorrow in her high heels. Cindy, on the other hand, refuses to take the shoes. Meanwhile, Cooper also develops his special feelings for Sara. He asks if he can sleep near her, but Sara doesn\xe2\x80\x99t care about him. As Cooper is watching for the team, Cindy finds Cooper saying that she only trusts in him among others. She tells Cooper to abandon the group and the two can go to a safer place alone. Cooper refuses her suggestion and decides to stay with the team. Cindy reveals to have some feelings with Cooper but he rejects her. The following day, Leechee opts to stay behind to wake up as many people as she could. Also, she wants to spend more time studying the bugs instead of going to the military base. The rest follows the plan to walk to the airbase. They\xe2\x80\x99ll pass by Hugo and Albert\xe2\x80\x99s house first on the way to check on Hugo\xe2\x80\x99s mother. Arriving at Hugo\xe2\x80\x99s house, they discover that his mother has already passed away. That\xe2\x80\x99s why the bugs didn\xe2\x80\x99t web her like other living humans. After that, Albert takes a gun with him in case of self-defense and tells the group to keep going. Next, they stop by Cindy\xe2\x80\x99s house to check on her brother Chad and sister-in-law Susan. Cindy wakes Susan up from a cocoon. All of a sudden, Chad appears with his lower half mutated in a spider-like creature. He is collecting cocoon humans in a pile. Chad rushes to the group and stabs Susan to death. He knocks out Sara and lifts Cindy up. Cooper rescues Cindy in time, only to get pierced in the leg. Hugo and Albert together finally kill Chad. At night, the team decides to camp at Cindy\xe2\x80\x99s house. Sara helps Cooper to sew his wound. Albert encounters some pain in his abdomen. Later, he meets Sara in the kitchen, asking her if she can take care of Hugo as the way she did with Cooper. Sara agrees without hesitation. Meanwhile, Cindy comes to see Cooper again and shows her care to him. This time, Cooper makes it very clear that he has no interest in her. This makes Cindy hurt and pissed. The next day, the group keeps heading to Cooper\xe2\x80\x99s dad. Sara thinks her mother Maureen is still alive and maybe the bugs just keep her somewhere like a hive. Sara tells Cooper that she\xe2\x80\x99ll not go to Gibson after visiting his father. She\xe2\x80\x99ll go to the bug\xe2\x80\x99s nest. Suddenly, a group of wasps fly above their heads. The team quickly hides themselves under the bridge. Seeing Cooper and Sara hold their hands, Cindy becomes jealous. She steps out and shouts out to draw the bugs\xe2\x80\x99 attention, aiming to expose the whole team. Albert shoots Cindy in the chest to stop her crazy action. The gunshot alerts the wasps and Sara is captured shortly after that. The trio finally reach Cooper\xe2\x80\x99s house. There they meet up with his father, Ethan. While enjoying dinner, Albert reveals to be mutated. He becomes a half human half spider creature just like Chad. Hugo has no choice but to shoot him to death to save the others. Hugo says that Albert has told him to do so if something bad happens to him. Another bug enters from the window after hearing the gunshot. Ethan destroys it with a taser to avoid making further noise. As more bugs arrive, the trio run to Ethan\xe2\x80\x99s shelter, which was built long ago. They spend the night in the bunker. In the morning, Cooper convinces Ethan to go to the nest with him and rescue Sara. Ethan objects to his suicidel idea. Cooper becomes angry and walks out of the house alone. He then tells Hugo better to stay with Ethan. On the way to the nest, Cooper encounters a strange armed man. He ends up being locked in the prison. The man and his team thinks Cooper is infected and soon will be transformed. No matter what Cooper explains, the armed members don\xe2\x80\x99t believe in him. Later, Cooper sees an elder Mexican man in the prison. He reveals to Cooper about Leechee, who rescued him and other people from the cocoons. The man thinks the others died in the explosion caused by the flammable red colored gas released by the bugs and the nest. A moment later, Hugo and Ethan are captured and join Cooper in the prison Ethan turns out to be stung earlier. Ethan hostages a girl and threatens the armed group to free Cooper. Just then, the Mexican man becomes a mutant and attacks the girl. Ethan takes this chance to kill other members of the arm group, eventually saving Hugo and Cooper. The trio decide to follow Cooper\xe2\x80\x99s plan. They take some of the weapons and bombs from the armed group. To save time, the trio ride the bikes instead of walking to the nest. Elsewhere in the nest, Sara slowly wakes up. She is shocked to see the bug queen consume the cocooned bodies. Finally, the trio reach the giant bug hive. They plan to place the bombs around the area to bring all the bugs and wasps to hell. As being stung earlier, Ethan reveals to have abdomen pain, signaling the mutation. Knowing he is running out of time, Ethen locks Cooper to the tree and knocks Hugo to pass out. He will sacrifice himself to destroy the hive. He leaves the keys so that Cooper and Hugo can escape later. In the nest, Ethen runs into Sara. She then takes him to the queen. Meanwhile, Cooper and Hugo also make it to the hive and find the way to see Ethan. At the queen\xe2\x80\x99s hive, Sara and Ethan soon are attacked. Luckily, Hugo and Ethan arrive in time and fight with the queen. The queen begins to wail in very loud noise, calling other bugs to back up. The group suffers from the noise again except for Hugo, who is deaf. He throws the bomb inside the queen\xe2\x80\x99s mouth. Ethan asks the trio to leave so he can trigger the bomb by himself. However, Ethan turns mutant right at that time. Cooper has to press the button, killing his dad and the queen in the explosion. Sara and Hugo drag Cooper out of the nest just in time. Several days later, Cooper finds himself waking up in a hospital, looking outside in a peaceful view with Hugo and Sara. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 