[Applause]. [Music], two young girls, lane and debbie, are sitting in lane's room playing with a ouija board. debbie tells lane how to play and how to use the planchette to see any spirits. they say the words, as friends we gathered hearts are true. spirits near, we call to you. lane looks through the planchette to spot a spirit, and is frightened when she sees someone, but it's only her younger sister, sarah. she yells at sarah to leave. in the present day, debbie is playing with the ouija board by herself. she appears distressed, and she tosses the board and planchette into the furnace. she then speaks on the phone with lane. lane goes over to her house, and debbie says she is not up to hanging out with her and their friends that night. debbie mentions playing the ouija board and feeling odd, though lane dismisses this as her being a spaz. after lane leaves, debbie goes back upstairs and sees the ouija board and planchette on her bed. she looks through the planchette and her eyes turn white. debbie then grabs some christmas lights and hangs herself. the next morning, lane is with her boyfriend, trevor at a restaurant. they are met by their waitress friend, isabelle. lane gets a text from her dad saying to go home immediately. when she gets there, lane finds her dad, her grandmother and sarah gathered to inform her of what happened to debbie. all of debbie's loved ones gather for the wake. lane is too shaken to be there, but she holds it together. debbie's boyfriend, pete arrives with some flowers. lane goes into debbie's room, where debbie's mother finds her. lane breaks down and hugs her. she asks lane to house it for them while they are gone, and lane agrees. lane discovers the ouija board that debbie was playing with. since she cannot shake the feeling that debbie's presence is still in the house, she gathers sarah, trevor, pete and isabelle to debbie's house to play with the board. they get together and say the words, as friends, we gathered, hearts are true. spirits near. we call to you as they put their hands together on the planchette. it starts to move, which everyone thinks of sarah moving it. the spirit implies that it is debbie, and it spells out, hi friend on the board. the friends asks few more questions and asked, who is it? the planchette moves to the word d. lane realizes it's debbie. the game ends when the planchette moves to goodbye, and the lights blows off. each friend is followed by the spirit. trevor encounters it on a bike ride, leading him under a bridge where he sees hi friend written on the wall in chalk. isabel sees it spelled out in her car window, along with a hand slamming against it. pete sees it carved in his desk. lane and sarah sees it on her computer screen, thinking that debbie is trying to communicate with them. the friends get together to play the board again. they learn that the spirit is not debbie, but someone that identifies as dz. lane looks through the planchette and sees a little girl with stitches on her mouth. the spirit then spells out on the board, run, she's coming. lane asks who is coming, and the spirit spells mother. lane looks through the planchette and sees the girl point to an older female spirit, screaming and running in her direction. next day, it was all okay until the night isabelle is flossing her teeth and drawing herself a bath. she then has stitches form on her mouth, and she is levitated in the air. the spirit drops her, leaving her to slam her head against the sink, killing her. trevor is angry at lane because she made them play the game, which led to isabelle's death. lane and pete investigates debbie's house and finds some pictures of two little girls and their mother. pete looks up on the internet an article on a missing girl from the same address as debbie's home, as well as the girl's sister being taken into custody after murdering her mother. lane goes to a mental asylum to meet paulina xander, the sister of doris, the girl with the stitches on her mouth. she tells lane that their mother believed she heard voices and saw spirits that were trying to communicate through doris, so she sewed her mouth shut. but there was pretending to more awkward with the time and one day she killed doris, and there was no choice left for me. paulina asks lane to find doris's body in the house and to cut the stitches open. then the doris will able to keep her mother out of them. but mother will, however, try to stop you all friends. goes to the house, while everyone looking for the place, lane notices one more shadow with trevor. and before trevor realizes, the spirit drags him out. lane finds doris's corpse in debbie's home, with her mouth still sewed shut. she begins to cut the stitches open, but mother growls from behind and was about to attack her, but she cuts out the stitches, making doris lets out a blood-curdling scream and vanishes. mother spirit all begins to normal, and seems that everything is over. pete get home and finds debbie in his room. soon she gets converted to doris and killed and killed him. lane returns to the asylum to tell paulina that she did what she told her, but her mother was back again. paulina chuckles, and lane realizes that mother was not evil, but it was doris and paulina that were communicating with spirits, and their mother was just trying to stop them. lane's grandmother tells lane and sarah that the only way to defeat the spirit is the destroy not only the ouija board, but also the doris's corpse. lane calls trevor to debbie's house to finish this. trevor gets there and was called by sarah. he follows her to the pool, but there was no one since then, he was pulled into the pool and is killed by doris. lane and sarah finds doris's corpse, and sarah gets dragged by by her spirit. doris was just about to sew sarah mouth, but then lane gets out the ouija board and beckons doris to play with her. doris grabs lane's arm and almost kills her, until debbie's spirit shows up to intervene. sarah brings doris's corpse and throws it into the furnace. lane throws the ouija board and planchette, and doris's spirit gets destroyed. lane and sarah return home, relieved that everything is over. lane flosses her teeth and gets ready for bed, and then finds the planchette on her desk. she picks it up and looks through it, one more time, you 