welcome back to movie reviews. today i'm going to show you an action thriller, science fiction film titled rise of the planet apes. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the film opens at gen sis, a genetic therapy pharmaceutical company. a female ape designated number nine and known as bright eyes by the staff, has been given the drug alz 112 and has shown considerable progress. she is more sociable and calmer than normal apes, and has succeeded in completing the towers of hanoi puzzle in 20 moves, which is close to a perfect score of 15. will rodman talks to his boss, steve jacobs, and convinces him that he is data to enable them to proceed with human trials for the drug. the next day, rodman and jacobs appear before the board of directors in the genesis conference room. will explains that the new drug causes neurogenesis, the growth of new brain cells, and may heal any number of degenerative brain disorders such as parkinson's or alzheimer's. the only side effect is that the subjects exposed to the drug have a green sparkle to their eyes. back in the lab, the senior ape caretaker, robert franklin, is having trouble coaxing bright eyes out of her cage. she acts aggressively towards robert and the other helpers. they attempt to lure her out of the cage with orange soda, but when they try to wrangle her with a lasso pole, she goes ape and runs rampant through the building. the chase ends when she crashes through the glass window of the conference room. and building security guards kill her. fearing that what they witnessed with bright eyes is a violent side effect of the drug, jacobs pronounces the drug project dead. will attempts to change his mind, but jacobs refuses, claiming he wants the remainder of the test apes put down. after returning to the lab, robert shows will a baby ape hidden in bright eyes cell. this explains that their assumption was in error. bright eyes was not acting violently because of the drug, but to protect her child. robert does not have the heart to put down the baby and gives the task to will. unwilling to do so, he decides to take the baby home. will returns home where he lives with his father, charles. charles suffers from alzheimer's and needs care from a nurse. when will is not around, will shows the baby ape to charles, who soon takes a liking to it. charles playfully calls the baby caesar, due to his love of shakespeare's julius caesar, it is implied. caesar soon shows incredible progress, able to feed himself after only two days. he has apparently contracted the virus-based alz 112 from his mother. his temporary residence with will extends to three years, and will sets up a room for him in the attic. though ape-like in some ways, the now half-grown caesar is a beloved member of the family and shows great intelligence, communicating complex ideas with sign language. while caesar has been showing mental growth, charles's alzheimer's is getting worse, and he has an altercation with his nurse. will takes a major risk and steals alz 112 from gen sis. he gives a dose to charles, and it appears it is a miracle drug, when the next day, will finds his father sitting at the piano, playing perfectly. meanwhile, caesar has grown enamored of watching the neighbors playing outside, and escapes out the window into their neighbor's backyard. however, his appearance frightens the neighbor's daughter and her father, hunsiker, angrily attacks caesar. will and charles managed to rescue caesar, but not before hunsiker has injured him. we'll sneak caesar into a zoo for treatment. caesar is treated by a veterinarian there named carolina rania. during the procedure, caroline is fascinated by how well caesar knows sign language. he even implies through sign language that will and caroline should go out to dinner. to counter caesar's wanderlust, they take him across the golden gate bridge to a redwood forest for some outdoor play time. upon arriving at the forest, caesar will not leave will, but makes a supplication gesture of extending out arm, palm up, which is his way of asking for permission to play. will gives his permission, and caesar takes to the trees. five years later, caroline is living as part of the rodman family, and cesar has grown. will has even started dressing him in a shirt and pants. during a visit to the forest, caesar is barked at angrily by a dog, and he counters with a primal cry that scares it off. will notice is that caesar seems sad and confused about just what he is. they drive past gen sis, and will explains to caesar about the drug that made him more intelligent, as well as the death of his mother. in the five years since he was given alz 112, charles condition has deteriorated. will reasons that his immune system has developed antibodies, and a more aggressive virus is needed. back at home, charles gets confused and wanders outside and into their neighbor's car. he attempts to drive it, but ends up damaging it. hunsaker. the same neighbor who attacks caesar angrily pulls charles from the car. in his demented state, charles is unable to convey his reasons for being there. caesar watches this from his window in the attic, and upon seeing the neighbor yelling and angrily pushing charles, rushes out of the house. he attacks on psyche, throwing him to the ground, jumping on him, beating him and finally biting off a finger. charles recognizes caesar and yells, caesar, no. caesar backs off and goes to charles the incident causes caesar to be taken to a primate sanctuary by animal control. will and caroline walk him in and say goodbye. the sanctuary proves to be tough on caesar during his first days. it is run by john landon with the care of the animal supervised by a short tempered and abusive sun dodge and a timid man named rodney. when caesar flings his food at dodge and laughs, the young man angrily responds by turning a fire hose on him, forcing a cowering caesar into a corner of his cage. the sanctuary ships 12 apes to gen sys for the testing of the newer version of alz 112, which is named alz 113. will is once again in charge of the testing and chooses a rather harried ape named koba is his first subject. koba is strapped down and given the new drug through a breathing mask. however, koba struggles and the hose comes off the machine. almost everyone in the lab has their breathing masks on, except robert, who is accidentally exposed. when released with the other animals into the main play area, caesar meets the alpha male of the group, an ape-named rocket. rocket tears off caesar's shirt and beats him. caesar also takes note of a gorilla named buck in a locked cage, and an orangutan across from his cage who speaks sign language quietly. caesar begins to communicate with the orangutan, maurice. sometime afterward, dodge brings some of his friends into the cage area of the sanctuary, where caesar manages to steal a pocket knife from one of the visitors. caesar befriends the large gorilla in the yard named buck, who is never let out of his cage, by letting him loose that night. will take some of the alz 113 home to treat his father. charles refuses the treatment and dies that night in his sleep. after will and caroline pack up the remainder of charles belongings, will's eyes fall on a copy of julius caesar. will returns to work, where he finds that jacobs has greedily and recklessly pushed the research schedule ahead. while jacobs is largely thinking of business profits, will warns him that the major hurdle they need to worry about is how the newer alz 113 will affect humans when jacobs refuses to listen to will's warnings, will quits gen sis. meanwhile, robert has been experiencing side effects from his exposure to the virus, including sneezing that produces droplets of blood from his sinuses. will returns to the ape sanctuary and attempts to bribe john landon into letting him as caesar. john is willing to do so, but one will coaxes caesar to go with him. caesar refuses. that evening, caesar busts out through the window he found and goes back home. he steals alz 113 from rodman's refrigerator and gives it to the apes at the preserve. that night, the apes are returning to their cages, but caesar box confronting and defeating dodge in the yard. when grabbed, dodge says, take your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape. caesar speaks for the first time, shouting, no. the other caretaker is a witness and runs into the cage area, trying to rescue the now unconscious dodge. the apes attack him, but caesar calls them off, and in a show of mercy, puts him into caesar's cage. dodge, tries to escape and gets killed. at dawn, will calls to check on caesar, but receives no answer. driving over to investigate, he finds the facilities wrecked, the apes gone and the alz 113 canisters open in the cage areas. meanwhile, the apes are making their way across town. caesar divides them into two groups. buck goes with one group to the zoo to liberate the apes there, while caesar leads the second group to gensis. the police are called in. jacobs boards a police helicopter as caesar and bucks groups joined forces. now some 50 to 60 chimps, orangutans and guerilla strong however, the apes seem to be intentionally preventing the deaths of humans they encounter. will and caroline have heard about the rampage, and upon learning that the apes are headed for the golden gate bridge, they surmise that caesar is leading the apes to the redwood forest. the officers are waiting on the bridge to fire on the apes, but caesar again divides his forces. one group climbs the suspension cables, while another swings from the underside of the structure to get past the blockade in the helicopter. jacobs catches sight of caesar and orders the men to shoot at him, reasoning that the death of caesar will call off the others. however, as the helicopter hovers low to the bridge, buck leaps onto it, bringing it down at the cost of his own life. caesar feels sadness over the loss of his comrade, and soon finds the remains of the helicopter precariously clinging to the side of the bridge, with jacobs pleading for help. instead, caesar turns away and kobo pushes the helicopter off, killing jacobs upon impact with the water. the apes proceed into the forest. will steals a police car and heads for caesar. he calls out caesar's name, but is accosted by one of his followers. however, caesar soon appears and the others back away. will attempts to reconcile with his friend, promising that if caesar comes home with him, he'll protect him. caesar shocks will by holding him close and whispering, caesar is home. we'll watches as caesar and several other apes climb up into the trees and survey the forest and the world beyond in an aftermath sequence, we see will's neighbor, hanseker, reporting for duty as a pilot at san francisco international airport. as he walks to his plane, he realizes that he is bleeding from his nose. as the camera pans up, we see the digital boards flashing to different destinations, assign that soon these places will be infected with alz 113, sealing mankind's fate. make sure to subscribe and turn on post notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 