hello everyone. I know it's been absolutely months and months since I did a last playthrough, but I just thought I'd come back and do some Arkham Knight, because it still is one of my favorite games of all time. I just love talking about Batman. really, I'm a bit rusty because I haven't played it for absolutely ages. so sorry, yeah, if I'm not exactly amazing. but, you know, I've been playing them dying light, which is absolutely incredible. also played and just as The Witcher 3. I've just had a great time with Playstation because they've been putting lots of things on sale, and thought I'd check everything out. and so I'm just kind of getting back into it at the moment and seeing what I can do. in terms of Batman stuff. there's been a incredible amount of comics come out recently, from Doomsday Clock to the main run with Tom King, to Detective Comics to batman white knight, to more injustice. and it just feels like a really great time to be a Batman fan. there's so much work out there that is definitely worth checking out. one of the best stories I've read recently is by Tom King called I am suicide. and it's sort of is about Batman taking on Bane head to head. and it's very much a sort of sequel to nightfall. there's lots of Limoges in it, such as Batman gets his back broken, well, not broken, but he gets prior messed up, you know. I mean, Bane just loves breaking people's backs, so he breaks his back, throws him in the pit that he was trapped in as a kid. and Batman's kind of got a survive to show he's man enough to face Bane. and it's just a brilliantly Illustrated comic booth it. it's one of the best things in tom king's run. i think a lot of people dislike it, but when I was reading it, I was absolutely blown away by how good the artwork was. there's a section, and you need to pick up the graphic novel to really appreciate because I read it digitally first, and it wasn't, you know, it was good, but it wasn't as mind-blowing as it was flicking through it page by page. so there's a section where Batman basically escapes the pit and goes through Santa Prisca to take down Bane. and he's just working his way, like, through every section of it. and its massive splash pages. there's hundreds of gods on it, and it's just brilliantly put together. and I definitely recommend that you pick up Tom Kings run. in general, it's not outstanding. it's not at the levels Scott Snyder's was, but there's a lot, there's a lot going on. I'm a bit angry at Scott Snyder, actually, because in Batman n game, the the beginning of it, Batman goes in a suit called the Justice Buster, which is he has to do because the joke has poisoned the Justice League with new Joker toxin that's made them go crazy and want to attack Batman. so he has to take on this suit. and then realized last night that the Justice Buster, it's just a copy off the Hulkbuster by Iron Man. so I was a bit annoyed. but you know, comic books is, there's so much plagiarism going on. actually think marbles stole more from DC than DC of stole from Marble, although the recent movies might might do that. so another thing I'll probably want to talk about is the recent movie, Justice League. and when I first went to see it, I wasn't like, I was like, yeah, it's fine. it's fine. I don't know why everyone hates they're like three shots. I should pick my targets wisely. just shoot. and suggest is, the first time I watched it, I was like, yeah, it's fine. the more I've thought about a doctor again, the more ridiculous it is. like, there's so many little things in it that I just don't understand, such as Batman as Superman is dressed up as Clark Kent at the end of it. and it's just like, well, didn't this guy die at the end of the last movie? so it's a bit strange. like there's, there's so many little things that they clearly just brush over. and I've actually really gotten into the Marvel movies recently, and I just loved the way they have like a totally consistent tone. there's no real flaws in them. I mean, there's 80 movies that they've done now, and they've done such a good job of keeping up to date with, like, everything going on. there's really no continuity flaws, and everything feels the same totally. whereas DC, they can't even seem to keep the same tone in in a movie, let alone 18. yeah, the problem with Justice League I think, is you can clearly see we're just readings coming in and reshot Zack Snyder's work, and it makes it quite jarring. and those scenes, you can easily tell by the fact that Henry cavils mustache looks horrendous. a lot of people I've spoken to still don't know, but the henry cavill, for the majority of Justice League, his mouth is completely CGI'd. and to me, it just looked horrendous. I remember when the movie opened, on that cell phone footage, looking at the mouth and thinking, geez, this is a 300 million dollar movie and the mouth looks that bad. I was just, I literally sat there thinking, I remember my girlfriend turned and looked at me and said, that is so CGI and I was that yet, that was just horrendous. and the rest of the movie doesn't, doesn't match up to it. and I think it's, you know, the CGI artists are getting a lot of stick for it, but they really didn't have time to properly do their job. they were given like a couple of months to go through in CGI out this mustache from Henry cabals mouth. and it's just a ridiculous thing. basically, what happens is much like DC wanted to do. and Warner Brothers wanted to do reshoots on justice league because they kind of felt that Zack Snyder's vision wasn't what people were after. and there's a lot of rumors floating about at the moment that Zack Snyder was actually fired from Justice League before he left, like he had a family tragedy where one of his children committed suicide, and then he departed from the project. but there's some rumors going about that that was sort of just nicely put across by Warner Brothers, like they did actually fire him. and so anyway, they wanted to do reshoots. and henry cavill is contracted for Mission Impossible 6 to have a mustache as part of his character. so for some stupid reason, just to be dicks, paramount said that he wasn't allowed to shave for Justice League and that he had to have a mustache for the part, which is, it's completely ridiculous. and Warner was actually made footage where they CGI'd a mustache over Henry Cavill II to show how good it look. and apparently it did look really well. and still, paramount more like, now, that's, that's not for us. that. so they just, they just said no. and Warner Brothers, obviously fuming, had to quickly go back in, CG out all the CGI, out all of the mustaches. and which is ridiculous. well, you know, it makes for a funny story to tell people. I unfortunately think it just makes the movie completely jarring. and Ben Affleck, they, they got them so right in Batman V Superman, father killing, that I was really excited to see him return to the role. but he sort of does nothing in in justice league. he's, he's very much like a bystander. there's no real point in him being in the film. he almost, he's just like an idiot. he rushes into battle. see, he's a bad leader. it's no match for the villains. and it's just a really, it's just a poor characterization, because being a massive Batman fan, I've seen in comics how they can probably do him in the Justice League and make him like a great member of the team. and it's ridiculous though, that this happening when Superman showed up and he was like, I thought you didn't like mean, he's like, I do not like you. I was just blown away by how bad that line was. and the fact that they try to force that Clark Kent and Bruce Wayne had this amazing friendship is ridiculous, because they were the wind friends at all. the [ __ ]. they had a fight and had about two minutes together. there was no friendship there. so I don't know why I try to play it up like, oh, yeah, you know, these two lads, they were friends all along. so there's a quite a lot of things in the movie that will just pour. it's a shame, because just, Warner Brothers, the they're really neat. a hit, the Wonder Woman was great, and it would have been brilliant if they had had a follow up that was just as good. and, you know, this was an opportunity to show that they were back on track, but they're just investor. and whether, you know, it was Snyder's fault or whatever, like it's just a bit ridiculous. I love this bit in the game, by the way. I love this whole interrogation scene where you fighting people as you're interrogating. brilliant. it's a huge step up from Arkham City and Arkham Asylum, where you just do it, stand there and tear but, yeah, back to Justice League. I've seen a lot of people saying they wanted the Snyder cut release. and look, Batman V Superman, the extended cut was absolutely brilliant. but I don't think that an extended cut of Justice League would do it any favors, mainly because Snyder never finished the film. it was, it was an assembly Kurt. that's, that's all that they had. they'd still need to do all the CGI. whereas Batman V Superman, they did actually have all those scenes ready that made it to the extended cut, and Warner Brothers cut them out at the last minute. whereas which lack Snyder's stuff. he bought all the stuff together, but it wasn't anywhere near completely. I think Suicide Squad kind of made people think that we will always get extended cuts, but we didn't. and to be honest, I don't from what I heard, many rumors have said that Justice League was actually unwatchable, which is quite funny, like the original cut, and Joss Whedon pretty much had to come in and save the movie, and which is quite funny. but, you know, it's coming out on, not, it's coming out on blu-ray, like in the next month. I think. I think it's out digitally now, where I tend to just wait for the blu-rays. and, yeah, I'm not looking forward to seeing it that much. I think I've seen it about six times though. so is that fair? I be like, I'm a bit bored of seeing this film. but, yeah, it's just a shame. I kind of wish DC would just get their act together on it. but, you know it, well, it's not really DC's fall. DC elds is, you do have their act together, but it's Warner Brothers kind of messing stuff up. I don't think Zack Snyder should have been given as much control as he was. like, Warner Brothers have this weird thing where if someone messes up on a movie, they still give them like, another chance. ie, like Man of Steel. I enjoyed the movie, but a lot of critics, hey, there. it didn't make very much money. and then they decided give him Batman V Superman, and that messes up. and then they decided to give him Justice League as well. I know his wife is like one of the executives at Warner Brothers, but, like, what if someone kept messing up, like Nightwing? yeah, yeah. each one of Batman's best mate because he didn't [ __ ] up. he doesn't [ __ ] up the lad if Nightwing was axe, neither, he would have been dead on the first night. I don't want to fully rip the guy apart because I know he has gone through tragedy, which is very, very sad. now, do you like his movie? i movies are absolutely loved. The Watchmen, Isle of Man of Steel and Batman V Superman. yes, I do. but a lot of people don't. but what extended cuts? yes, absolutely love this bit. this is why the game is so good, because Mark Hamill does such a fantastic job of delivering every single line. and it's a shame that The Killing Joke that he did doesn't live up to this. and I don't have to have discussed it on the night playthrough before, but he seems very tired, very bored throughout it. I would my friend and I, Tom cui, and we do a podcast for watching The Watchmen. and we took a where we basically break down the Watchmen graphic novel page by page. and we did the graphic novel, The Killing Joke as a there's a half term, half season breaking and mid-season break, I think they call in America. so, yeah, we sanded that and the work so good. and it's a shame, man, you know, the perfect people for a Kevin Conroy, and it's the most invincible machine gun ever. they got to do this movie that the both said they waited their entire career to do, and they just kind of sucked. and which mainly was to the fact that there was a Barbara Gordon hour long story line before it were deer meat. it's got some of the worst lines ever in it. it's got, like, one of the villains says to Barbara Gordon, oh, is that at that time, at a month you just think, oh, wow, this is, you know, Alan Moore or the original, one of the best comic book authors of all time. and you think that lines like that, I'm gonna, you know, be be welcome in a project like this. yeah, it was just a bad decision. it's a shame, because it's one of those movies that I waited ages for, and and just to see how bad it disappoint, you know, I've kind of went off the, well, I was kind of going off the DC. animated movies, and then I heard that rotten by gas that was coming out, and it was getting, like, really bad reviews upon release but when I watched it, I really enjoyed it. and I recommend that people check it out. I mean, if you're watching this video, chances are you, you probably are quite interested in Batman. so I definitely recommend that you check it out. it it's probably not as good as the original graphic novel, but there's there's a lot of stuff in there that makes it worth checking out. and it's, you know, it's got a different ending. so if you have read the graphic novel, it's, it still gonna stand on its own. I love how this is a blimp mission as well. one of the the best aspects of the Gotham skyline is always the blimps. it's kind of always had this 1920's noir feel to it. and this is like brilliant to be doing a mission on it. so there's Simon Stagg and his blimp. a little bit of trivia for you. in my personal life, I'm actually going on my stag do very soon. and another little bit of trivia for you, I'm dressing up as Nightmare Batman, and it's gonna be a great, you know, nightmare Batman from Batman V Superman, the big trenchcoat, flash version of Batman. yeah. I'm so rusty on these controls. I'm sorry. and, yeah, I think it's gonna be just a fun night. I might post a quick video on my youtube just showing what my costume looks like, because, you know, it's gonna be a good night for all involved, and including me. Pervis Lee done. fancy dress. I'm not a big fan of it, but I just thought, like, if I do, then there's no chance that I can get, you know, [ __ ] over if I'm choosing the costume. because, you know, some of these lads that might dress me up as Wonder Woman or something, which I'm not, I'm not up for. so, yeah, be good. and it was. it wasn't very difficult getting them a mask. I thought, I've seen some of the money at sea. there were like three or four hundred quid. and I saw the trench coats, they were [ __ ] expensive as well. but a man should just find them, like, last minute and quickly sniper bid on them, which I'm really happy with. I don't know what I'm gonna be doing here beyond, I've totally forgotten the plot of this game and what I'm gonna do. but, you know, we're just getting by being Batman. so yeah, it's gonna be a good night getting dressed up as Batman and just said, relating with my friends. another thing, speaking of weddings, Batman's actually getting married in the comics now, - Selina Kyle, which will it be good. Tom Kings in charge, where he does a brilliant work when it's personal stories. there's a one called Batman rooftops that he did that was basically, it takes place over the space of a night, and it's about Batman and Catwoman having one last night together before he takes her to jail. which, you know, we're all being in that predicament. it's how I met my wife. so here that that's a really good storyline, and it sort of deals with the conflict of Batman and the woman that he loves, and does he take her in? she does actually get away. and there's another storyline that's a sequel to it, which it's almost like an else world where Batman has to deal with getting not a normal life with Selina. he doesn't really have to deal with it, but wanna where one of the characters gets cancerous, to go all there. and it's a really heartfelt thing. of like losing the one you love. and I just fell almost head over heels with the story because it was so well presented. the arts brilliant, and it's one of those things that everyone we like, can really relate to. recently, my grandfather passed away. and it's nice that there's so many works where people deal with death and losing someone and present in a fictional way that really allows you to accept what's happened and add sort of context to your own loss. so I definitely recommend checking out that Catwoman story, because it delivers on so much of that that work and goodwill. and just, you know, we're all gonna die one day, which is really sad, but there's so much joy to still be taken from life that it makes it, it makes it all worth it in the end. and my granddad, I was very lucky. he had a very peaceful passing. and we all got a call and were able to to go there and be with him in his final moments. and there wasn't any pain or anything. you just slowly went to sleep. and I was an atheist before it happened, and it really has changed my perspective on everything, because there were so many little things that happened through the day that changed my mind towards how life and death is. I'm no longer a believer of, you know, that there's nothing when you die, because I've sort of seen the transformative process, process that he went through, and has just changed me for the better. and it's nicer. you know, Batman also has storylines like there that can help people get through things, like it helped with me, I can. so, yeah, it's nice that this work out there like that. this is getting a very dour and personal, reflective story. O'Neil wanted to play a half an hour about man. yeah. I love this part of the game anyway, because it's so are you getting your gadgets and stuff out on you? I've recently massively gotten to Iron Man after watching the the Marvel films, as I mentioned earlier, and just seeing all the [ __ ] that Iron Man has, like constantly back to. it makes me angry that the the film version of Batman doesn't have it. and, but Iron Man's basically got a contingency plan for everything. I love how in the Marvel movies as well, he never puts his suit on the same way in any movies, there's always like a new and inventive way for him to get into the suit. and every movie gets cooler and cooler. and I kind of wish that would transfer over to the the character of Batman in the Justice League films than that. but Arkham Knight, there's a brilliant job of doing it, where they constantly get basically everything target the soldier controlling the drone. they make everything really high-tech, and it's just incredible, all the little things that you get. I'm sure this is the only time in the game you can actually do this, because I've tried it before and it just didn't work. but never mind. and so anyway, that was my playthrough of Batman Arkham Knight. I know it has been electron hours and hours and hours since I've been waiting for this, that you've been waiting for this. sorry. but you know, we've got all got busy lives, and I'm a famous youtuber now. so do you think I have time to be playing [ __ ] like this all the time? I don't. so thanks very much for checking out the video, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 