ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the horror mine, where we talk about mysteries, thrillers and horror movies. with the release of the new james wan horror film, malignant, i thought it would be fitting to talk about the film that started the career of one of the best horror movie directors working today. released in 2004, saw was the feature-length directorial debut of james wan and started a horror franchise that now spans nine films, with the latest film, spiral, being released earlier this year. saw is the feature-length adaptation of a short film of the same name, written by james wan and lei 1l, who stars in both adaptations. the soft franchise is well known for its gruesome traps, bloody kills and twist endings. however, like other james juan original horror films, none of its sequels have managed to capture the field that made the original so special. i'll be going over the events that take place throughout the film and explaining the twist ending that started it all. if you enjoy this video, make sure to click the like button, as it really helps the channel, and i truly appreciate it. i also want to say thank you to everyone for helping the channel reach 2 000 subscribers. i truly appreciate each and every one of you for the kindness and support you all are showing to the channel. but without further ado, sit back and relax and join me as we explore the bloody games in saw. our movie begins with one half of our main characters, adam, waking up inside of a water-filled bathtub. his struggle unplugs the drain, and some lit up item falls inside of it. adam begins screaming for help, and an unknown man at the other end of the room responds. the man turns on the lights, and we discover that both he and adam are chained to the pipes by their ankles. oh, and there's a dead man lying in the middle of the room. that's nice. the man's name is dr lawrence gordon, and neither of them know how or why they are in this lovely establishment. lawrence points to the brand new clock on the wall, saying that whoever put them here wants them to know the time. they both find envelopes in their pockets containing small cassette tapes. lawrence also finds a key and a bullet, which he doesn't tell adam about. they try the key on both their chains, but it doesn't seem to work. adam then notices a tape player in the hand of the dead man in the middle of the room. he uses a shirt and drain plug to grab the tape player out of his hands. the tape references adam living in the shadows, watching people live out their lives, calling him pathetic. dr gordon's tape says that he must kill adam before 6 am, or his wife, alison and daughter diana will die. he also says that x marks the spot. and upon further investigation, they hear the man whisper, follow your heart. they notice a literal shitty heart drawn on the toilet tank next to adam. he digs his hand inside of the disgusting toilet courtesy of jigsaw, only to discover that what they needed was inside of the toilet tank. i really wish i hadn't checked in there first. he finds a bag with two rusty saws inside. and the two unsuccessfully attempt to cut off their chains. dr gordon realizes that the saws aren't meant to cut through the chains. he wants us to cut through our feet. lawrence says he believes they have been captured by the jigsaw killer. in a flashback, we see the gruesome aftermath of one of jigsaw's victims being investigated by detectives tap singh and kelly. just like lawrence and adam, the man named paul had a tape player with a set of instructions from jigsaw. we also found this, hello paul. paul was given two hours to crawl through a razor-filled maze and find the exit. he ironically, had to cut himself to survive, something he previously did to end his own life. did you cut yourself because you truly wanted to die, or did you just want some intention? paul was placed in this twisted situation as jigsaw felt paul did not value his own life because of his suicide attempt. jigsaw believes that he is helping people by putting them in situations where they must harm themselves to survive, and in doing so, appreciate their life more as a result. imagine surviving one of these death traps like well, gee, jigsaw, thanks a lot for your help. do you take zell or venmo? he also carves out jigsaw-like puzzle pieces of flesh from his victims, giving him the infamous title jigsaw. dr gordon's pen was located at the latest jigsaw crime scene, and he was called into questioning by detectives tap and sing he tells his lawyer that he was visiting someone who's not a patient during the time of the murder. and his alibi is confirmed by detective singh. they asked gordon to listen to a testimony from the only surviving victim of jigsaw, a woman named amanda. amanda's trap is undoubtedly one of the most iconic moments from the saw franchise. she recounts waking up in a dark room and all she could taste were blood and metal. hello amanda. you don't know me, but i know you. the puppet in the video was created by jigsaw and is named billy the puppet. he tells amanda that the device on her head acts like a reverse bear trap. the device is set on a timer that will rip her jaw open if she doesn't find the key in time. the key to the device is located in the stomach of her dead cellmate lying on the floor, whom amanda believes is dead. unbeknownst to her, the man is still alive and is heavily drugged, making him unable to move or feel anything. amanda slices and dices her way to survival and removes the device just in time to keep her head from turning into amanda stew [Music]. but what the hell was the guy laying down supposed to do? what was his test? the only way for him to survive was if amanda carefully cut into his stomach, where the key was located, or if she failed to cut into him altogether. anyway, it was a lose-lose situation for the poor guy. it doesn't seem like jigsaw gave him any chance here, which pretty much goes against his whole gimmick of giving people a chance to save and liberate themselves. amanda's trap scene was a recreation of the 2003 short film of the same name, or saw.5. the short film was used by james wan and lei 1l to pitch a feature-length film. this proved highly successful, as the saw series has become one of the most profitable and popular horror franchises of all time. we discovered that jigsaw chose amanda because of her drug addiction. amanda tells detective tap that jigsaw helped her. most people are so ungrateful to be alive, but not you, not anymore. back in the lovely bathroom, adam and lawrence realize they are being watched through a two-way mirror. a mystery man is watching their every move on a computer. in yet another flashback, we see that lawrence was going through a rough patch with his wife. he appeared to be neglecting his family and drowning himself in his work. after lawrence leaves, diana and allison are held captive at gunpoint by a man who was hiding in diana's closet. the man is revealed to be zepp, the orderly who works at the same hospital as dr gordon. we see that detective tap is keeping a close eye on dr gordon's apartment and sees zepp's lovely face peeping through the window. detective tap is obsessed with catching the jigsaw killer, whom he believes to be dr gordon. while looking over jigsaw's tape to amanda, he discovers a clue, which reveals the location of jigsaw's hideout, to an old warehouse building, detective tap and singh arrive at the hideout locked and loaded, and discover several of jigsaw's projects, including a miniature recreation of adam and gordon's bathroom trap. they find a man strapped to a machine underneath a red sheet, and hear someone coming up the elevator. the detectives come face to face with jigsaw, whose identity is hidden underneath a cloak. jigsaw starts up the machine, which has drills slowly approaching both sides of his neck. he tells them they have 20 seconds to find the right key and save his life. what's more important to you, officer, arresting me for the life of another human being? this quote shows that jigsaw was planning this all along and that this is a test for detective tap. he tells tap that he is sick from the disease eating away inside of him. enough people who don't appreciate their blessings. detective singh shoots and stops both drills on the machine, and jigsaw goes straight assassin's creed on their ass. instead of staying with his injured partner, singh decides to chase after jigsaw, which proves to be a fatal mistake, singh steps on a tripwire and gets his head blown clean off, and jigsaw manages to escape with the death of his partner. catching jigsaw has become very personal for detective tap, who has gone insane and full-on conspiracy theorist on us. back in disney world, adam is looking at a photo of gordon's daughter in his wallet and discovers a photo of his family bound and gagged. the back of the photo reads, x marks the spot. sometimes you see more with your eyes closed. adam chooses not to show gordon the photo of his captive family so that he doesn't freak out. thanks to the clue on the back of the photo, adam tells gordon to turn off the lights, revealing a glow-in-the-dark x behind him. they hadn't seen the x before because the lights made the glow in the dark paint visible. after some time, gordon finds a hidden spot on the wall which contains a locked box. he uses the small key he found inside of his envelope, and inside the secret box, he discovers what? embarrassing snapshot of spongebob at that christmas party? no, patrick, the box contains a cell phone, a lighter, cigarettes and a written message. adam automatically asks gordon for a cigarette, but he ignores him and tries calling the police on the phone. he realizes that the phone is only meant to receive calls and cannot dial out. this causes gordon to remember the previous night when he was abducted. we see dr gordon in a parking garage, unsuccessfully trying to make several phone calls. he's trying to call home to his wife, whom, as we know, is already captured. he is then ambushed by an unknown assailant in a red robe wing a creepy ass pig mask. remember, folks, always pay attention to your surroundings, especially if you're in a saw movie, or any horror movie for that matter. gordon questions how adam knew to turn off the lies, and he reluctantly shows him the photo of his captive wife and daughter. gordon is now freaking out and starts to consider killing adam. he remembers the message inside the box, which hints that the man in the middle of the room shot himself because of a large amount of poison in his blood. gordon sneakily laces the cigarette with the man's blood and then turns off the lights. he turns the lights back on and offers adam one of the cigarettes. adam then hilariously pretends to die, which fools absolutely nobody. gordon speaks to the camera and demands to be let go, claiming he killed adam with the poisonous cigarette while playing possum on the floor. adam is suddenly electrocuted from an unknown source and foils the plan. yeah, like that plan wasn't already foiled when adam bust out the academy award caliber acting chops and the oscar goes. [Music]. the jolt of electricity seemed to have jogged adam's memory as he recalls the night he was captured. adam worked as a photographer who is revealed to have taken several photos of dr gordon. adam wakes up from a nap and the lights to his apartment are cut off, and instead uses his camera's flash as a light source. he finds billy the puppet casually chilling on his couch and pummels it with a bat. adam is then captured by the pick masked assailant, which could have probably been avoided if he hadn't been so careless. gordon receives a call on the cell phone and hears his distraught daughter on the other end. zepp puts allison on the phone, who tells gordon not to believe adam's lies and that he knew all about gordon before this incident. he asks adam just what the hell is going on, and he reveals that he was paid to follow and take pictures of gordon by detective tap. gordon says that detective tap went crazy and was discharged from the force after detective singh's death. tap became even more obsessed than catching jigsaw, who he believes to be dr gordon. the night they were captured, adam followed gordon to a motel room where he was meeting with one of the medical students from the hospital. gordon never went through with cheating on his wife, but receives a phone call at the motel room from zapp. i know what you're doing, doctor. he and adam were both captured later that night. gordon breaks down and questions how he got in this situation in the first place, stating that everything in his life was in order. he had the perfect job and the perfect family. but he threw it all away when he decided to become unfaithful and unappreciative of his blessings. he became the exact type of person jigsaw looks for in a victim. adam points out a picture of zeb inside of gordon's apartment, and they realize that he is the one responsible for all this. adam then looks up at the clock that now reads 6am, and realizes that they are out of time. this is where this movie's insane climax begins. zepp tells allison that gordon's time is up and dials the cell phone so she can tell him that he failed. alison gets free of her binds and straight tackles zepp to the ground and grabs his gun. she holds him at gunpoint. and instead of just shooting the man who held her and her daughter captive, the plot needed her to be stupid and distracted, zepp and ellison get into a physical struggle over the gun, and shots go off, alerting conspiracy theorists. tap. allison stabs zepp in the leg with scissors, and tap bursts into the apartment, guns blazing, hearing nothing but gunfire on the other end of the phone. gordon breaks down into tears and becomes extremely hysterical. after an exchange of gunfire, tap and zeb get into a brawl, which allows alison and diana to get away. zepp gets the better of tap and yells out to allison that he is now going to kill dr gordon. zepp drives over to an abandoned building, with tap following close behind him. the two get into a struggle over zepp's gun, which ends in tap getting shot in the chest, killing him. [Music]. gordon gets electrocuted, just like adam did earlier, and briefly passes out. he wakes up and once again hears the cell phone ringing. he desperately attempts to reach out for the phone, knowing that his wife and daughter could be on the other end. he once again begins to freak out and ignores adam's pleas for him to calm down. in one of the franchise's most infamous moments, lawrence, now completely desperate to save his family, proceeds to saw off his right foot with the rusty saw. he then crawls over to the revolver in the dead man's hand and loads it with the bullet from the envelope, my family. we see allison and diana inside of a neighbor's apartment, with allison unsuccessfully trying to reach gordon on the cell phone. zepp suddenly walks into the bathroom with a shocked look on his face like, oh [ __ ] you actually did it, my dude. i'm proud of you, but now i gotta kill ya. pointing his gun at gordon, he tells him that he ran out of time and that there are rules. adam suddenly jumps up and kills zeb by bashing his head in with the toilet tank cover numerous times. it is revealed that gordon shot adam in the shoulder and didn't actually kill him. gordon tells a distraught adam that he must go get help or risk bleeding to death. adam begs him not to leave, but gordon tells him that he will send someone back to help him. we're gonna be okay. i wouldn't lie to you. in this moment, both adam and gordon have gone through hell and back together. after all is said and done, lawrence gordon is the only source of hope and comfort for adam. and i can't imagine how tragic it must have felt to see him crawling away with gordon gone. adam is now alone with two dead bodies in a severed foot as company. he searches zepp's body for a possible key and comes across another tape player. hello mr handle, or as they called you around the hospital, zap. we learned that zepp isn't actually jigsaw, and was actually playing his own game the entire time. zeb had a slow acting poison in his system that only jigsaw had. the antidote for zepp's game was to help facilitate and monitor adam and gordon's game and kill gordon's family if he did not kill adam in time. in the film's final shocking twist, the man believed to be dead the entire film, rises to his feet and reveals himself to be the real jigsaw. we also hear the series's awesome theme song, hello zep, composed by charlie clouser. jigsaw's real name is jon kramer, and was a patient of dr gordon suffering from cancer. this is where jigsaw became acquainted with zeb and how he was able to enlist him in his plan. if we take a close look at jon's notebook, we can see a concept for the reverse bear trap in the glow-in-the-dark x, showing that he was planning this in plain sight, underneath dr gordon's nose. adam is completely shocked and realizes the man who captured him is standing right before him. jon tells adam that the key to his chain is in the bathtub, and adam realizes that it fell down the drain in the very beginning of the game. adam grabs zeb's gun off the floor and points it at jon, who quickly electrocutes adam with a remote, showing that it was him electrocuting them the entire time. hello. mark paul amanda. in the film's final scene, john tells adam that most people are so ungrateful to be alive, but not him, not anymore. adam screams of agony as the end credits role are absolutely haunting to hear, and a perfect way to end this crazy ass movie. there's a couple things i want to go over that aren't really explained in the film. why did jigsaw put zep hendell through a game if he was helping him? john and zepp became acquainted with each other during their time at the hospital where zepp was in orderly, this shows that jon and zeb must have had extensive conversations with each other. zepp not only got to know jon, but jon also got to know zip. john must have discovered something about him and decided to put him through his own game. as a result, if we observe zepp's behavior during the game, he seems very sadistic and enjoys instilling fear into gordon's family. he seems to enjoy the feeling of power and being in control, which is possibly why jigsaw decided to test him. we know that jon became acquainted with dr gordon as his patient. it is obvious that he put gordon through this game. as gordon became unappreciative of his life and blessings, when he began cheating on his wife, john must have observed the relationship between gordon and the medical student and figured out he was being unfaithful. the rules and objective for gordon were clear from the very beginning. kill adam by six or his wife and daughter would be killed, and i'll leave you in this room. adam, on the other hand, was never given an objective. and was upon in gordon's game. it is clear that he was chosen because he was, as jigsaw put it, hiding in the shadow and was watching gordon live out his life. but how was adam supposed to win? much like the dead man in amanda's game, adam's survival was dependent on dr gordon's failure. gordon did, in fact, end up failing, and only managed to escape the room by sawing off his foot. where does that leave adam? why would jigsaw leave him locked in the room without having failed a specific objective of his own? you can argue that his objective was to take action and control of his own life. this brings us to the key to adam's chain, located in the bathtub. it is my belief that adam was meant to find the key and unlock his chain from the very beginning, changing the entire dynamic of the game. this would have given adam the upper hand and would have made it harder for gordon to kill him. so are you going to watch yourself die today, adam? i'll do something about it. this quote could have only made sense if adam were somehow free and had the upper hand on gordon. this quote is also a hint to adam that would only make sense if you were free and able to walk over to a mirror to realize it was a two-way neither of their tapes mentioned working together, and very much pins the two against each other from the very beginning. zepp unlocks the bathroom door from the outside. so there's no reason to believe adam could have simply escaped, even if he was free. my theory is based on events that are revealed in saw 3. without getting into too many spoilers, the person who helped jigsaw set up this game was known to rig other people's games behind jigsaw's back. the individual made it nearly impossible for people to win games and essentially set adam up for failure. as the key was never supposed to go down the drain. the drain plug was purposely wrapped around his foot so that he would drain the tub upon waking up, which wasn't fair and shouldn't have happened. jigsaw tells adam the location of the key, essentially allowing him to be free had the key not fell down the drain. in the end, jigsaw locks adam inside the room because he tries to shoot him in the back as adam showed his intent to murder jon, he cannot allow him to simply go free, especially not with him still in the building. and that, ladies and gentlemen, was saw, my friends. i absolutely loved this movie. and the saw franchise has been one of my favorites ever since. i vividly remember looking forward to the next saw movie every october as a teenager. i remember that they would always release the clip of a trap on youtube prior to the movie's release, which always got me super hype. also, that saw theme song was my jam for quite some time. as of right now, i don't have any plans on covering the entire franchise, but let me know in the comments if that's something you guys would be interested in watching. my friends, as always, i hope you enjoy the video. thank you for tuning in, and i cannot wait to see y'all right back here in the horror mine. y'all stick around. 