welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka spoiling King, and this video will be breaking down the third episode of The Outsider. the new HBO show has a hell of a lot to unpack from it, and the introduction of Holly Gibney brings a lot with it. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down the ins and outs of the episode, things you may have missed, as well as what could be happening in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. we will be talking about certain elements of the book. so if you don't want to know anything at all, then it's probably best to go hide in a barn until this video is over. though the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the outsider. episode 3 opens in the barn from last week, with a GBI investigating the clothes that were found there. the GBI stands for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, and the nature of the crime scene has clearly caught their attention. they believed that the clothes belonged to Terry Maitland, who, even in death, is still suspected of murder. and it's likely that they think this is where he stashed his bloody clothes, as they were never found. the black ooze like substance is sunken into them and completely stiffened the attire, making a sock so hard you can snap it. I'll tell you what, it took me back to my teenage years that did the police snag bag and tag the evidence, but it doesn't seem like they really know what's going on. I'm proud of the farmhand for calling this in. and though we did suspect last week that the outsider would be lying low here, it doesn't look like he's gonna have the opportunity to rejoin officer Jack Hoskins, who shows up late and half-cut, and spots the outsider moving about the area. something grazes the back of his neck, and this becomes their first meeting. King didn't really bring the supernatural elements in the book till quite near the end, but here they are, setting it up very early in the storyline. the outsider ended up working with Jack to bring our protagonist, Ralph Anderson down. but yeah, they could be taking a slightly different turn with it, which I'll get into further in the breakdown. as for Anderson himself, even though he's only the case, is clearly getting to him when visiting his son's grave, he notices too for the Petersons, and we are reminded that they lost two children in the wake of last week's episodes. there's also an open one, which could signify that father Pearson also tried to commit suicide, and the grave diggers are just being pre-emptive. you have to be economic in these times, I guess. I don't know if that's definitely the case, but with it being unmarked, that's how I took it. maybe father Peterson did go through with it, and this could be signifying that the character died in hospital. we don't know for definite, but yeah, those are just the theories floating about at the moment. you also join a prisoner reading a book called lost in the maze. this could either refer to the book on Isis by Gary William Ramsey, or it could also be a nod to lost in the maze, finding myself by ebloom. personally, I think it's the latter as that is a self-help book. we later learn in the episode that this character is in prison for the murder of two sisters, and that this crime was likely committed by the outsider, who framed him much in the same way that he framed maitland. finding myself could mean that he believed he could have carried out the crime and just not remembered it. and yeah, he's trying to find himself. he is literally trying to find himself, because the killer looked exactly like him. and yeah, this book is a nice little nod to that. anyway, he's in trouble, and people are willing to stick knives in their legs in order to get him. however, he kills himself at the end, possibly because he also believes he's a monster, and there's unable to reconcile with what he thinks he did. those are just that, theories, but it shows you how much the outsider gets in your head. which this episode slowly sets up. detective sob low meets with Anderson to discuss what they found in the barn. and the closest match to Maitland they can make is that there was a belt buckle layer that the suspect was seen wearing. and CCTV footage. there were also prints located on the buckle, which are so faint that they could belong to a nine year old. juxtaposing this, are the same prints, but they appear to be that of a younger person, meaning that whatever made them was young one moment and old the next door, vice versa. there's also a black substance that was found there, which is a calling card of the outsider. and this was seen last week in the Maitland's home that the antagonist had been there. he later returns there to tell Jessa to pass something on for him. and having been discovered in the barn, this shadow has had to flee back to their home. this teases that the great evil behind this all has been around for almost a century, and can also take on the appearance of others. Anderson is eventually led to Hawley Gibney, and she becomes attached to the case. Hawley Gibney is recurring character and Kings work, and she not only appeared in The Outsider, but also the bill hodges trilogy, which is comprised of mr. Mercedes, Finders Keepers and and watch as forgive me. she has an almost encyclopedic knowledge of pretty much everything, and she sees this as both a gift and a curse. holly has OCD, a photographic memory sensory processing disorder, a fear of flying, and is on the spectrum. however, she's also blessed with the aforementioned knowledge and is highly observant. we also learn a lot about Andersen in the episode, namely that he took the death of his child badly and that he can handle himself in a fight. Halle meets with them and decides to work with him. and she pours over the case files and really seems to be the big brain that they need on the case to get to the bottom of it. Holly says that whoever the searching for sounds like a doppelganger, an identical double that looked exactly like Maitland. this ties into what the outsider really is, and we're going to be talking about what's actually going on. so if you don't want anything ruined, then I definitely suggest that you turn off now. be still here. gray, okay, so the outsider is actually a vampire that is able to take on the appearance of others through their DNA. in Episode two, the Maitland's mentioned to anderson that when teri was visiting his father, he got it cut. and this is how the villain was able to take on his appearance. the outsider tracked them across the country and then came to the area and began masquerading as Maitland in order to frame him when he came face to face with Jack and scratched him. I believe that he took on his appearance. and this is given weight by geser when discussing the character. she says that the first time he look like daddy, but the second time he only did a little bit, like someone had tried to erase his face. Jessa later adds that he looked inky, which is lip service to the black goo like substance, which showed here that he was beginning to deteriorate. she says that he was built better than a father was. and this could show that he is taking on the appearance of Jack. Jack is clearly being tormented by the outsider, and I think he will be forced to work with him. in the book, Jack actually has cancer, and the outsider says that he will cure him in exchange for Jack killing Anderson however, in the show, I think that the outsider has actually given Jack cancer and is tormenting him over it. this is exemplified by Jack saying, make it stop several times in the episode. and I believe the mark on his neck will begin spreading. we see at the end of the episode that the rash is getting a lot worse, and it could be turning cancerous. as for Holly, she travels around several key locations of the case, trying to get to the bottom of what's going on. the CCTV for where the van was stolen no longer exists. a creepy guy works there. she's unable to visit Terry's dad, as she isn't family. but in a hotel room, on a computer, she finds his story about a search for two missing sisters. she discovers that a local hospital worker is in custody for the slaying. and this ties back to the prisoner and the seller we've seen throughout the episode. and it caught on Terry's hand that he gained there. the pieces are now all falling into place, and we can sort of build a timeline from this. we know that the outside had traveled to the hospital, took on the nurses appearance and carried out the murders. the sisters that turned up dead did go missing for a while, so this would give him some leeway to operate in the area during his work at the hospital. the outsider knew that he was living on borrowed time and needed a new identity. he cut Terry and then followed the Maitland's cross-country and ended up kick-starting the story at the show centers around we see the prisoner kill himself, and then the episode ends with Jack saying, whatever you need me to do with a huge rash on the back of his neck, taking a lot of focus. as we said earlier, I believe that he has cancer now, and that the outsider is going to be using him as a pawn to take down Anderson. Anderson clearly isn't backing down from the investigation, even after a warning from the outsider. and he will likely send Jack to kill him in exchange for ending the torment and removing that thing on the back of his neck. either way, I'm really enjoying the show, and I'm surprised at how much they're putting in place this early on. the book drag things out quite a lot. but this seems to be setting up so much. in the preview, next week, like we will learn more of the ins and outs of the hospital and the nurse, and through maintenance father, we will discover how the outsider taunted him. it is possible that the outsider took on his appearance. and this could explain the 90 year old fingerprint, and why the nurses think that he has dementia. the outsider corn copy memories and nurse, if he was asked questions by the nurses, you would just sort of give a a very rambling sort of answer. and this might just make them think that he has dementia and can't remember anything. we do see in the preview that he does seem quite cognitive. so yeah, that's just sort of my theory for at the moment. we will also likely finally uncover exactly what the outsider is, as Holly's going to be visiting someone who seems to know about the creature. overall, I am hooked on the show at the moment, and I love watching the slow-burn series slowly set things in place. I'm so glad the show is putting it all together early on, as this was a big criticism that I had with a book, it's really working out well. oh, and I've loved the first three episodes, and obviously I'd love to hear your thoughts on the outsider and what you think will be happening in the future. if you read the source material, let me know how you think it compares. and make sure you check out a full breakdown of everything we know so far about the Batman, which is going to be linked at the end. you can support the show by subscribing to us on patreon. and if you want to come chat to us after the video, you can join a discord server in the description below, or follow us on twitter at definition whitey. i also just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of dr. sleep to one random subscriber. will you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the outside, or in the comment section below. the one is gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February in this that'll be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 