[Music]. welcome to Iron Man 2, crammed, released in 2010, and with a lot more studio pressure, everyone returns to see what's next for the suddenly popular Marvel superhero. let's go over in Russia. Ivan Vanko Consol's his father on his deathbed, howling with anger. he's been following Starks career, and it appears Fat Tony is not the only genius. as Ivan is able to do what most cannot, recreate a working arc reactor of his own. but this man has a grudge. Tony, however, is having a great time and blasts his way down in his Mach 4 for a fireworks display to the main stage of the stark Expo. looks like his ego is still in full effect, as he pulls a gold finger to reveal a suit beneath his armor as he plays to the crowd. but offstage, he has to check the toxicity levels of his blood. and we get to see life through his eyes as his chief of security and the film's director, happy hogan, takes him through a bustling crowd, hello Stan, and out to the sports car whether served a subpoena to appear before the Senate Armed Services Committee. you see, senator stern wants him to hand over the Iron Man suit to the government. but Stark is still just having fun. however, Justin Hammer, of hammer industries, and Tony's main, if uninspired rival, also wants fat tech. and Rhodey is also called to appear. oh, he's played by Captain Planet now, and he's just not happy to be there at all. looks like other countries are now trying to make their own suits, but it's pointed out to everyone that the North Korean copies are a joke. the Iranian ones crash. and Verte actually, hammer has also been trying to copycat a suit, much to the detriment of the pilot. he won't give over his technology to these clowns, and is keeping his World Peace privatized. but Ivan has completed construction on his rig, and it's something a bit more whippy. and he gets his hands on a forged passport and tickets to the races in Monaco. back home, Tony Jarvis and Robottom are living the bachelor dream. but vie Iron Man's suit is burning through the palladium caused to his arc reactor. he's running out of time and options. as the device keeping him alive, is also slowly poisoning him to death. pepper is still having to manage his outrageous billionaire excesses, including his Expo ego project. and tired of bowing to other people's agendas, he decides to make pots one of the few people he trusts, the new Stark Industries CEO. she stunned, but it was always her that's been keeping the whole thing together. so Pepper gets her own legal secretary who gets Tony's attention. and Potts reminds him that sexual harassment lawsuits can be very costly. however, she appears to have an unusually impressive resume and can handle herself in the ring. it's for rich persons Grand Prix in Monaco. and Tony surprises pepper with a full complement of staff. oh, and hammer is here, also being rich and cocky. yeah, it's not quite with the same gusto. Justin's military contract got revoked after Tony outed his off-brand combat suits of the hearing. but hammers got plans for the stark Expo. well, Tony's busy, because he's not spectating at the races, but competing, much to the dismay of everyone he drives at a professional level. but Ivan steps onto the track in his reactor harness and whiplashes four cars apart in a single stroke. pepper and happy make for the track to back up Tony, whose racecar also gets sliced clean open in front of a crowd. this crazy guy doesn't seem to give an F as cars crash and burn all around him, and Tony does his best to avoid getting shredded before team Stark run venko over in for Bentley. Ivan keeps going, however, and happy keeps hitting him with the car Buster. somewhat frustrated, Tony tries to get the Mach 5 suitcase armor from a panicking pepper before they all die. this portable emergency suit has lighter armor and limited flight, but it's a welcome tool in a pinch. and although venko is able to peel away it for thinner plates with his arc whips, Tony manages to bind up his attack before knocking him down and popping out his reactor. crazy Ivan, however, looks anything but defeated, and hammer gets a boner. no one is able to identify the man, but Tony wants a word with the guy who's manufactured his own arc technology and used it to attack him, instead of just selling it off for a tidy sum. Ivan calls Tony the son of a family of thieves and butchers, and that his reactor design comes from his own father, Anton Vanko. he's going to prison, but knows that Tony's core is made from palladium and it's killing him. so the senate's want to use that shitshow is leverage to pull Tony down. and pepper wants to know what secrets he's keeping to himself. meanwhile, it looks like someone from behind four scenes is orchestrating Ivan's breakout from prison and providing a substitute body that you have to prepare for yourself. so he smuggled out in the confusion and taken to a private aircraft hangar to meet Justin hammer. he puts on a show, but might not have really judged just what kind of devil he's dealing with. Ivan tried killing Tony, but hammer suggests that they work together to kill his legacy instead, using his mind with hammers resources. Ivan, in the meantime, already has hammer pegged as weak. pepper and the new secretary are trying to manage for media backlash from Monaco. whilst Rhodey pops down to see Tony, who has discovered that Anton Vanko is a Soviet double agent scientist, with Ivan following in his father's wake, being imprisoned for selling plutonium on the black market. with crazy people out there now brandishing suits technology, Rhodey can no longer protect his friend from the army forcibly taking his suits, and discovers Fitz stark is on limited time. hammer shows Ivan his shitty prototypes, and venko cracks for software and moments in order to take a look. Hamill wants to outdo stark and be top dog with his own tech, and Ivan seems happy to help make that happen. a dying Tony prepares for possibly his last birthday by getting absolutely sloshed. and despite solid advice, he continues to party hard, and is essentially a drunkard with a gun. and Rhodey knows it's only a matter of time before someone gets hurt, so he grabs for mark to suit from the basement and tells everybody that the party is over. and the two buddies proceed to wreck the place as they try to beat each other into submission. thanks to Tony's self-destructive tendencies, foreplay turns nasty as they push each other to see what they'll do, spoiling the evening with her best friend, beam to beam. disappointed, Rhodes leaves with the suit, but the air force is absolutely thrilled to have one of their own to play with. hungover and depressed director Nick Fury takes Tony for a donut, and it turns out, for peppers secretary is actually agent Romanov, a shield shadow ops agent who's been assigned to keep an eye on stock whilst he essentially has a breakdown. and it seems that Tony didn't activate four security locks in Rhodey's suit, Loki, allowing his friend to take it. after all, they take the edge off at palladium poisoning, but it's not a permanent fix. Tony has tried every possible replacement for the core, but fury suggests that there's something he's not finding. hammer tries bullshitting venko over his bird from Russia, and Ivan throws it right back at him. see, he's converted all of the suits into unpiloted drones. and hammer has no option but to bend over to the change, unless he can get his hand on something else for the expo. well, with the Air Force having their own suit to keep the Senate's happy, hammer industries has bought into weaponize it with a big arsenal of firepower for them to turn, for mark to into a war machine. fury let's Tony know virtus father conceived of the arc reactor only as a stepping stone for something greater, with venko senior just being for flip side of that coin, stealing plans for profit. fury knew Tony's father because he was actually one of the founding members of shield. and Tony must unlock his father's secret. so he goes for his dad's old staff, who was clearly quite dismissive of child Tony. but he's left a message for his adult son, hidden in his old recordings, telling him that the Expo is for key to the future, leaving a heartfelt message through time. pepper is busy running for company and doesn't have much time for Tony. but he spots for secret hidden in plain sight, not the expo, but literally the expo model. and breaking it down to a digital projection at home, it's starting to look like an atom Howard Stark was proposing a new element. so Tony builds a prismatic accelerator for his house, like you do, and other than cutting his foundations in half, he creates an entirely new reactor core out of a brand new element. sick of not seeing results, hammer Petrenko under house arrest, but Ivan phones Tony to let him know not only that he's still alive, but also about to ruin his day. so without time to lose, he plugs in the new reactor and ride that high. it's Expo time, and Hammer puts on a slightly less impressive entrance for his turn on stage. but those hammer drones do look pretty formidable, even if all that they can apparently do right now is salute. and Rhodey takes center stage with war machine, the hammer modified air force mark - Tony flies in with the new mark 6 reactor suits to interrupt the show and warns Rhodey that hammer has been working with venko in secret and that four people are in danger. but it's too late. and think a remotely hijacks roadie suit and locks onto Iron Man with gunfire before giving chase against roadies will, along with all of the Air Force drones. Jarvis is unable to hack into war machine remotely, and Stark has to take endless evasive action from the incoming attacks. hammer realizes he'd been locked out of his own systems, and with a little persuasion, he tells agent Romanoff that Ivan has been operating out of his own facility. so she heads out with happy to intervene. the navy drones start to attack for people with shell fire, while the army drones target Ironman. Vanko increases for tactical pressure of his attack. but stark still manages to keep an eye on four people before continuing his narrow escape. he can outmaneuver most of them, but Rhodey's suit is no joke, and loaded for war with high-level firepower, romanov and happy infiltrate for hammer base. and Natasha uses her special training and advanced weaponry to take down a score of guards with ease, and also kind of scissor boom a lot in the face. I wish I was a bad guy. happy also helps, but who's counting? however, Ivan has already left. stark maps out a high velocity maneuver, but the drones can't keep up with and most are destroyed before Rhodey smashes him into the Japanese gardens. it's a closed thing for Stark in the face of point-blank gunfire, but Romanoff manages to reboots Rhodey's suit. she's pleased to see that Tony is no longer dying with the new reactor. and pepper is not too happy to hear that he's been keeping secrets. weave Rhodey back in control of his own suits. the pair reconcile, except they bicker for too long and end up right in the kill zone for the final showdown. so it's a straight-up, balls-out destruction session, with Tony's advanced suit beating and blasting drones to pieces, whilst Rhodey lays down a torrent of freeway gunfire that shreds them apart. so stark 1ups everybody with a laser beam special to finish for show, even if it's only a one use trick. pepper makes sure that hammer is arrested and overseas the last of the evacuation ensuring the park is clear. but in flies venko with his latest whiplash suit. Rhodey tries a bunker missile, but it's made by hammer tech, and therefore junk and whiplash. his suit is designed with fighting Iron Man in mind. he slices roadies guns and throws from both all over the place. with its energy cable attacks, locking them both down in chokes. fortunately, vova boys remember the power of friendship from Tony's birthday party, and they fire a combined blast. if it takes four Russian down. but he's pulled a predator, and the suit, along with every drone, is rigged to blow. so Stark goes full neo to reach pepper and pluck her from danger just in time. she's really not happy with all this stress, and does her best to quit, but denied. in the first film, they finally have their rooftop kiss. oh my god. so Rudy's gonna be keeping his suit, and Stark gets his debrief for a fury. and Tony's just not quite Avengers material, so he's just going to consult for now for a favor. in return, Rhodian starker receiving medals for their valor, and senator stone is forced to publicly hell them both as heroes. oh, and Agent Coulson finds a hammer somewhere. what? about last four. so thanks a lot for watching guys, and I hope you've enjoyed having Iron Man 2 crammed inside of you. I really want to deliver some recaps, but contain more than just a three-minute quickie devil, so that everyone can get caught up on the MCU phase one, where things first got rolling. so don't forget to subscribe, and I'll see you next time. take care. 