welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season ten, episode 10, the Whisperer Gama has come to Alexandria. she knows alpha know she's the traitor, so she's here to defect. after the whole Dante situation, though, they do not trust her. father Gabriel pulls his priests powers and makes her confess. finally, she admits to them and herself that she killed her own sister to save alpha, because she was so brainwashed, and cuz she cries, they mostly believe her. gammas real name is Mary. and she points out where the mine is. they're gonna go out there in force to rescue their friends, but they get a call that a zombie horde is coming their way. Rosita is gonna stay behind with just a few people to leave the defenses. she and father Gabriel are still dating, by the way. they had a little fight earlier, and she's having bad dreams about whispers. but they make up and kiss, and he gives her his hat. the last episode, beta was sent to find gamma and bring her back. he goes into an RV that has a secret tunnel underneath it. where does this tunnel lead? oh, he's popping out of the grave inside Alexandria. this seems completely impractical, but, I mean, it's baller. he goes on a Friday the 13th killing spree, taking out random Alexandrians. then he kneels down and waits for them to rise as zombies, boom, Walker attack inside Alexandria. father Gabriel realizes too late that it's a trap. so Alexandria is almost defenseless. baby goes down to gamma cell like, hey, alpha wants you alive. let's go. luckily, she's rescued by this character whose name I don't know, but she's the one that used to be a savior and is now one of the leaders balanced Andrea. but when you have a threat as big as beta, you need to kill him immediately, because if you just hold a spear to his neck, he's gonna bust out of that real quick and kill you. now, little Judith made friends with gamma earlier. her favorite hangout spot is right next to the prison cell. Judith's a lot smarter than that now dead character, because she shoots first and asks questions later. tragically, the adults are TV stupid and don't finish him off. immediately, because, of course, he's fine. he was wearing a bulletproof vest. he has a knife fight with Rosita, and he's about to win, but Gama stops and pulls an Orlando Bloom from the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. Alpha wants me alive, so let Rosita go, or I'll kill myself. somehow this works. beta is taking him back to their camp, but the rest of the crew comes and finds some beta has to run off into the woods. it kind of looks like gamma is very guilty here of being the one who let beta and Alexandria. Father Gabriel seriously considers killing her, but decides that she's telling the truth. so Mary is accepted as one of them now. and bunch of characters going off the hilltop for some reason. meanwhile, Darrell is searching for another entrance to the cave to rescue Connie and Mack, now left behind. but leaving the cave right now is alpha with a bunch of walkers. Darrell ambushes them and has a big fight with alpha. you think Darrell could easily kick alphas butt, but he's distracted by the zombies, and plus, gets like blood in his eyes in fact, I'm surprised he can ever see anything with all the hair in his face. they both make it to a gas station where alpha summons some zombie friends, who pass her by and attack Darrell manages to take him out, but he's losing a lot of blood, so he and alpha both pass out. who should find them though, but alphas daughter, Lydia. she and her mama have a talk. Alf is like, yeah, kill me and take my place. and Lydia is like, no, I don't really want to be a whisperer. so Lydia rescues Daryl and dumbly leaves her mom alive to get vengeance later. and that's how episode 10 comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 