[Music]. john garrity is a structural engineer living in atlanta, georgia with his estranged wife, allison and their diabetic son, nathan. he returns home to watch the near-earth passing of a recently discovered interstellar comet named clark with his family and neighbors at a grocery store, john receives a strange automated phone call informing him that he and his family have been selected for emergency sheltering. confused and concerned, he returns home just as a comet fragment enters the atmosphere on live television, expected to land near bermuda, the fragment instead strikes tampa, florida, vaporizing the city in a large part of the state. john once again receives an automated call with instructions to be at warner robins air force base to make an evacuation flight. the guarantees then learn from their neighbor ed that comet clark is actually a giant cluster of objects expected to bombard earth over the next two days, with the biggest fragment expected to cause an extinction level event. the family packs up and flees reluctantly, refusing to take nathan's friend, ellie, despite her mother's pleas, as ellie would be denied boarding at robins air force base. when forced to consolidate their belongings into one bag, the family discovers that nathan accidentally left his insulin in the car. john hurries back to get it, while allison and nathan are told that they cannot be evacuated due to nathan's ailment, and are subsequently escorted off the base. realizing what happened to them upon boarding one plane, john leaves the base as a panicked mob breaks in, causing a gunfight that inadvertently ignites jet fuel, destroying several evacuation planes. [Music]. upon returning to their car, he finds a note left by alison that she and nathan are heading to her father's house in lexington, kentucky. allison and nathan get medical supplies from a looted store and are picked up by couple ralph and judy vento, who are also headed that way. ralph kidnaps nathan, to judy's horror. after allison tells them of what happened at the base. john manages to hitch a riot on a truck. with other survivors from the base. a young man named colin tells him that they are headed for osgood, ontario, where private planes are flying to greenland, which is where those selected are being evacuated to. another survivor notices john's wristband and attempts to fight him for it, causing the truck to crash and colin to be killed. the hostile man is then killed by john with a hammer before he leaves the scene. ralph and a reluctant judy failed to pass as nathan's parents at another evacuation site and are arrested. alison and nathan reunite shortly afterwards at a fema camp across the street where nathan has received medical treatment. the following day, john watches the destruction and a countdown to the final impact on tv. he steals a car and finally reaches the home of his father-in-law, dale, and reunites with nathan and allison a little later. the family try to accept their fate, but upon learning about a complex of underground bunkers near thule air force base in greenland, where the evacuees are being taken to, john realizes that they might have just enough time to make it to osgood. the family then leaves, saying goodbye to dale before continuing in his truck. hours later, they reach upstate new york and get caught in a traffic jam when a shower of fragments rained down, destroying vehicles and killing numerous [Music] people. [Music] john manages to drive them to an underpass for refuge, and they continue to canada, learning that clark's largest fragment will make impact somewhere in western europe. they arrive at the airport and persuade the pilot of the last plane to take them. the next morning, the plane approaches greenland, another fragment strikes off the coast, and the shockwave causes the plane to crash land into a valley, killing the pilots, john, his family and the survivors are picked up by a military truck that takes them to thule, and are quickly ushered inside the bunker complex, right as clark enters the atmosphere and collides with europe, devastating the planet. nine months later, the bunkers attempt to make radio contact with other potential survivors, as various cities are shown in total, ruin including sydney, mexico city, paris and chicago. the garrites and other occupants of the shelter exit to see a radically changed landscape. while greenland makes contact with other stations around the globe, each are relieved to hear each other and report that the atmosphere is finally clearing, potentially giving humanity the chance to rebuild civilization. this is the end of the movie. please subscribe to enjoy more movie next time. thank you. 