hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about Good Will Hunting. 20 year old Will Hunting of South Boston is a self-taught genius, though he works as a janitor at MIT and spends his free time drinking with his friends, Chucky, Billy and Morgan. when Professor Gerald Lambeau posts a difficult mathematics problem as a challenge for his graduate students, will solves the problem anonymously, stunning both the students and Lambeau. as a challenge to the unknown genius, Lambeau posts an even more difficult problem. will flees when Lambeau catches him riding the solution on the blackboard late at night at a bar. we'll meet Skylar, a British woman about to graduate from Harvard College who plans on attending medical school at Stanford. the next day, Will and his friends fight a gang who used to bully will as a child. bull is arrested after he attacks a responding police officer. Lambeau sits in on his court appearance and watches will defend himself. he arranges for him to forego jail time if he agrees to study mathematics under Lambos supervision. and participate in therapy sessions. will tentatively agrees, but treats his therapists with mockery. in desperation, Lambeau calls on dr. Shawn Maguire, his college roommate who now teaches psychology at Bunker Hill Community College. unlike other therapists, Shawn actually challenges wills defense mechanisms. and after the first session where Shawn threatens will after he insults his deceased wife, and a few unproductive sessions, will begins to open up. will is particularly struck by Shawn's story of how he met his wife by giving up his ticket to the historic Game six of the 1975 World Series after falling in love at first sight. Shawn does not regret his decision, even though his wife died of cancer. this encourages will to build a relationship with Skylar, though he lies to her about his past and is reluctant to introduce her to his friends or show her his rundown neighborhood. we'll also challenges Shawn to take an objective look at his own life. since Shawn cannot move on from his wife's death, Lambeau sets up a number of job interviews for will, but will scorns them by sending Chucky as his chief negotiator and by turning down a position at the NSA with a scathing critique of the agency morale position. Schuyler asks will to move to California with her, but he refuses and tells her he is an orphan and that his foster father physically abused him. will breaks up with Skylar and later storms out on Lambor dismissing the mathematical research he has been doing. Shawn points out that wool is so adept at anticipating future failure in his interpersonal relationships that he deliberately sabotages them in order to avoid emotional pain. Chucky, likewise, challenges will over his resistance to taking any of the positions he interviews for telling will he owes it to his friends to make the most of opportunities they will never have, even if it means leaving one day without looking back. he then tells well that the best part of his day is a brief moment when he waits on his doorstep, thinking will has moved on to something greater. will walks in on a heated argument between Sean and Lambeau over his potential Shawn and will share and find out that they were both victims of child abuse. Shawn helps will to see that he is a victim of his own inner demons and to accept that it is not his fault causing him to break down in tears. will accepts one of the job offers arranged by Lambert. having helped will overcome his problems, Shawn reconciles with Lambert and decides to take a sabbatical. when wills friends present him with a rebuilt Chevrolet Nova for his 21st birthday, he decides to pass on the job offer and drive to California to reunite with Skylar. sometime later, Chuck, he goes to Will's house to pick him up, only to find that he is not there, much to his happiness. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 