[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna make some definitive forward progress with phantasm for oblivion. let's get to it. we open on headlights, this time into mortuary, until we see the headlights belong to a hearse being driven by Mike. then we get the series recap we've grown so accustomed to. mmm, it's like coming home. this leads up to Mike running off to fight his transformation, with Reggie being left behind a captive in the catacombs. Tim's whereabouts are unknown. the tow man plays with Reggie a bit before indicating it's time to start the endgame, releasing him and then leaving. we return to Mike having a wistful dream about the perfect day before the tall man's arrival, spent stealing frozen treats and likely vandalizing public property. he's so wrapped up in this he barely notices he's playing inadvertent chicken with a semi he cleans his pants and continues on, plagued by the occasional vision. Reggie is doing some maintenance on the CUDA when Jody shows up. he once ready to go after Mike, but he confirms that he's done with that life. Jodie can't even convince him with the enticement of a warm vision of a perfect bohemian existence that never was. Mike finds he has a visitor who's taking control of the motor coach. Mike gives up trying to get control and looks instead to all the work he'll get done in his self-driving car, while the tall man disappears into a casket. meanwhile, Reggie gets pulled over when the officer takes too long to return. he does some investigating, finding the real officer folded up in the trunk like so. he's then attacked by some sort of zombie brute. he manages to lock himself in, and when the big oaf tries to come in from the roof, fires off the shotty. they do a quick and sexy puke swap, and then Reggie sticks the road flare in the gas tank, killing the big guy, and, I guess we didn't want to say, putting the officer in the trunk out of his misery. the next morning, we see that Mike has made it to Death Valley. he gets out to walk around, and appears to be at high risk of a Gorn attack. he hangs out until the Sun Goes Down and does a little exploring, finding subtle hints from the tall man trying to convince him to become one of his kind. we then transition back to Reggie being very careful to make sure the coast is clear so no one coming in. connects him to the smelly no, no, he left behind. in a surprising bit of character development, he sees a lost woman and elects to drive off rather than trying to hump her. Michael makes an attempted escape. he seems strangely scared to fall, even though he put in all this effort. he does faul, however, and finds that he did too good of a job. despite this, his fate is in the tow man's hands, and he refuses to let him die. he insists on him helping with his errands. we have things to do. but Mike instead creates his own doorway and jumps through. he ends up in a strange laboratory. outside, he finds a perfectly genial tall man sipping on a poor man's lemonade, and surmising that Mike must have come through the gate he was working on. Mike runs off, but finds he's woefully ignorant of the trappings of science, only discovering by happenstance that the gears are the key to interdimensional travel. this leads him to a field of possibilities. Reggie continues on, apparently having stopped for 20 minutes to drop into their dues, because he eventually comes upon the car he previously left ahead of. unfortunately, his face flirting works too well, resulting in a rollover accident. feeling some responsibility for the predicament, he offers to help her along. back in the desert, we find Mike working on the hearse and otherwise enjoying his time in Death Valley. although this movie is about three laptops away from becoming a Neil Breen film. Jodie shows up, and we discover that Mike doesn't fully trust him, for her reasons not entirely clear. in the end, we get an indication that Mike is not fixing hers, but building his own rudimentary or. meanwhile, Reggie and Jennifer find the skeezius motel available and break in for the night. they get cozy and set some mood lighting as Reggie fills her in on what's been going on with him. we watched him employ his standard moves, which never worked. and he goes to bed frustrated. he has a dream that he's in a graveyard and wanders into the tall grass and Mike's there. he awakes to Jen's a luring body doing some unusual stuff. now I don't know much about how ladies work, but I'm not sure whatever's going on here is something to be excited about. called it, one of the orbs forcibly penetrates his hand. and then he discovers the tuning fork to be a reliable weapon. Mike considers the possibility of going to the beginning to prevent the tall man from becoming Lord of the dead, but the tall man is in control and sends him to a desolate future. instead, Jodie finds him there and they run off. while Reggie, in the original dimension, climbs a mountain and finds the hearse. he cosplays this classic Reggie and approaches at nightfall, finding the site littered with dwarves that he has to blast, demonstrating his now battle-hardened grip. Mike and Jodie pop out to greet him, with Mike subtly telling reg not to trust Jodie and Reggie subtly palming him the tuning fork. then they go back to the beginning. they stand around and watch as the tall man prepares for the final experiment. Mike leaps in the stabbim at the last second, only to find he can't interfere because they're in different dimensions. when the true tall man returns, they flee. Mike plays it real cool, leading on a tree and waiting for the double-cross. when it comes, he stabs Jodie, but then his grabbed by another Jodie, and ends of finding himself on the tow man's table, where, after all this time, all it really took was for someone to mildly press his shoulders down. he then gets his dome sawed. however, the tuning fork allows Mike to hit the pause button, taking care of Jodie before having his toy taken. so he runs back through the gate. when the told me it appears, he completely dominates Reggie. Mike distracts him with his custom orb, which is just phase one. phase two is the bright, shiny light he knows the tall man won't be able to resist gazing upon. this is the precursor to the hearse exploding, engulfing the tall man in flames. unfortunately, the tall man just responds and casually removes Mike's mind orb. Reggie, unwilling to let Mike go, runs off after the tall man for a little interdimensional warfare. and that was fantastic for vacation in the desert. the penultimate film in the series next week will bring the series to a close. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 