The Walking Dead is back with the New Aesthetic, time setting and direction for the show. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know about Episode six. who are you now and where relieves our characters? there will, of course, be heavy spoilers, so if you haven't seen the episode yet, then I highly recommend that you come back to this video after watching it. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I roon it so you don't have to. episode six, fittingly picks up six years after the apparent death of main character Rick Grimes. in the previous episode, we were introduced to a new group of survivors, and in older Judith Grimes, who had taken the role of being the new sheriff in town. in Episode six, we learn the ins and outs of the new characters, as well as what happened in the six years since we last saw our heroes. daryl is now a lone wolf that stalks the landscape, and he's clearly accepted that zombies are part of the ecosystem now. and this is confirmed when he lets one live because he sees a bird using the worms on its carcass to feed its young wings. the biggest shock to me came when I learned that priest Gabriel was hooking up with Rosita now and that Eugene had lost his male I just guess there's no one handing out trendy haircuts in the zombie apocalypse at the kingdom. and Carol is walking around looking like Legolas now, but her and Zeke reside over there Kingdom. Carol is still a badass though, and she by far has the best moment in the episode. mirroring this female superiority is Michonne, who is now security chief of Alexandria. we learned that wreck, in fact, did impregnate her, and that rick has another child running around the apocalypse that I'm sure will be picked up upon when the character returns for his three original movies. Michonne isn't happy that the new group are breaking their no new people rule, and seems to distrust them slightly. at the end, she sets off for hilltop, which doesn't have Maggie, but we don't find out exactly why. I can't imagine the new people going over to smoothly there, especially when we learn about the weapons they snuff past the group and their lives before the because Michelle and Judith seemed to have inherited Rick's ability to hallucinate the dead. and it's nice that Rick and call shadow still lingers over the world in a positive way that guides them through the tough landscape. negan now seems to be becoming a positive influence, and we see that he has become Judith's math teacher. negan actually seems happy again after the emotional wreck that he was last episode. but that doesn't mean he's changed completely. and Judith keeps a watchful eye over him. we also see Rosita and Eugene at the side of the road, hiding out like it's Lord of the Rings, and being stalked by the whisperers. the whisperers say, you let them, let them go it I can't do otherwise. you let them get away. but everyone that doesn't know, basically, the whisperers are the show's new central villain. and they are people that disguised themselves as the undead and walk amongst them. their name comes from the whispering that they're able to do, which doesn't away at the walkers and lets them carry on under the camouflage. so what are your thoughts on the new direction that the Walking Dead is taking. are you enjoying the new characters? and what would you like to see before the season's end? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it. and make sure you check out my breakdown of Magnus group, which will be linked to at the end of this one. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, uni is subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 