I know a lot of people hate remakes, and trust me, I'm with you, but I kinda gotta give this new Jumanji movie a jr. price. let me explain. we all love that old Jumanji movie, even though I don't know how many of us have actually rewatched it, because it's one of those childhood movies that you remember being flawless. but just like the outfit you are growing up, you reflect back on them as you see them in pictures once you're an adult, and you go, what the fast forward to the present, and everything's got to be rebooted to be bigger, louder, and obviously started doing the rock Johnson. so right off the bat, we begin this one in 1996, where a father comes across the board game on the beach, which is exactly where we left him in the last one. he takes it home for his kid, and the kid goes so Jumanji then decides to pull a bumblebee and transforms itself into a Sega Genesis for the kid to play and then get sucked into. so this game is practically human trafficking. we fast-forward to the present, and we see the naked brother who's been getting more roles. and well, he's playing the same role. he continues to get cast in homies such a germaphobe that he's putting on Purell on his neck to fight off diseases. he dresses up like Georgie from it's and he's doing homework for people who he thinks are his friends, but really they're just using him. cyborgs over here is that athlete friend who's using him. and eventually they both get caught cheating, and they both get sent to detention, alongside with the person who old people think is the example of a millennial, and the nerdy chick who didn't want to play with balls before. they turned into The Breakfast Club. they end up finding the game system. they roll in one of those sex ed TVs and boot up that bad boy. all of a sudden that thx sound that you hated growing up before in movies starts filling up the room. and these dudes get sucked into the game. on the other side, you get the cast that's actually gonna get the poster credits, and the ones who pull, in, my opinion, what are the best versions of Freaky Friday since 17. again, they realize that they've all swapped roles and are in a video game, cutscenes and all where they need to retrieve this Emerald dragon ball and return it to the top of this wakandan mountain. but then one of them dies after a game of Hungry, Hungry Hippos. it's because of that that they learned that the marks on their hands are actually lives, and that in order to get out of this world, they need to maintain them, or else they're just going to disintegrate and never make it back to real life. so in this world, black lives do matter. they survive long enough to meet up with Nick Jonas, who, surprised is the kid from the beginning who's been stuck in this game for two decades. he's even living in that Shack that Robin Williams was living in in the first one. and he hasn't risk trying to move on in this game since he only has one life left. so the moment that he meets these people, he ends up losing that one life. Bethany however, uses a cheat code and gives him one of her lives and tells him to call her by his name. at this part in the movie, all of the characters have learned to rethink their attributes. Spencer finally finds confidence in himself to be a leader. fridge finally learns how to work with other people. Bethany won't ever complain again after having to live in Jack Black's body. and Martha learns to interact better with others as she works her ddr moves in order to help get to the next level. they end up facing Mad Max bikers, Indiana Jones, snakes, PlayStation 2 graphics, and eventually defeat evil Bobby Carnevale as they get the stone to the top of Pride Rock. but then they forget to yell out uno once I yelled Jumanji. they officially win the game, and nigel thornbury over here shows up to congratulate them and send them back to the real world. and at this point, spencer starts doubting that he'll be as confident, since he won't be able to have the muscles, he won't be able to have that smolder, and they just won't respect him the same in the real world. but Martha looks at him straight in the face and reminds him that they need to go back because they have finals. they jump back to reality, and oh, they haven't even finished theirs attention work. but they rush to go see Alex in the real world, and, well, he looks nothing like what we thought Nick Jonas would look like older. he's older, he has a family. so they decide to move on. they become friends in real life. they get jiggy in real life and smashed the game system so they never have to deal with it again. except this movie made banks, so we're definitely gonna see it again. thank you guys for watching. let me know what you thought about this movie. did you like it better than the first one? did you think that this is an actual good video game movie, even though it's not really based off of a video game? but I'm curious on your thoughts on what other movies or TV shows that you want me to cover and explain and break down in the future. Oh, anything dealing with movies or TV. just let me know down below in the comment section. and remember to comment and subscribe. leave a like, and you will be entered to get your very own board game that comes to life, a Ouija board. 