Welcome to Movie Shortens, follow us to a movie titled: Beneath! Beware, there are spoilers! The movie starts in murky lake waters as we see the silhouette of someone swimming. Panning up from under the surface, we see a girl treading water. A moment later, a fin cuts through the water and Johnny is awoken from his dream. Johnny gets out of bed and begins packing as he has plans to go on a trip with a friend. He and his friends Kitty, Deb, Zeek, Matt, and Simon all ride up to the lake. Kitty and Matt start making out, as Simon who is driving looks over at this act. His focus is quite intent and this causes him to nearly hit another car. He apologizes and they soon arrive. Johnny unlocks the gate and the group venture on. Finally arriving at the lake, the group discover a boat. After a bit of struggle, they carry it to the lake. Kitty walks away, with Johnny trailing behind her. He offers her a necklace telling her to wear it as it will keep her safe. She accepts and heads back towards the group. Johnny grabs his backpack and is greeted by his grandpa\xe2\x80\x99s friend, Mr. Parks. He asks what he is up to, and Johnny tells him that they are enjoying the culmination of graduating. Johnny plans to head across the lake with his friends but Mr. Parks exclaims that it\xe2\x80\x99s a bad idea. He says they need to be respectful of the lake. The group board the boat and start rowing across the lake. As his friends paddle, Johnny gazes at the water, watching the paddles as they go in and out of the water. Matt stops rowing the boat and suggests they jump in the lake. Johnny protests, but his friends ignore his remark. Matt, Deb, and Kitty jump into the lake. Simon then lights a firecracker, Johnny protests yet again, telling him to stop. When Johnny reaches for a beer, he pulls out a necklace stringed with teeth and places it around his neck. At this moment, something bumps the boat, it begins to shake and everyone begins freaking out. It turns out that it is just Matt rocking it back and forth, who then gets something to drink, and goes back to swimming. Deb and Kitty are wading in the water, reminiscing about the past few years, and how high school is now over. At this time, Matt surfaces, and begins wading with them. Something bumps the boat again, and the 3 on the boat call out to the others telling them to come back. Johnny looks over the side of the boat and sees a large catfish heading towards the others still in the water. He however says nothing about the impending danger. The 3 of them are oblivious as to what is coming, but it brushes past them and they finally agree to swim back to the boat. While swimming, Kitty turns around and sees something approaching. All three are able to make it back safely. Matt and Simon begin freaking out and decide to stab the water repeatedly using the paddles. Simon\xe2\x80\x99s paddle then gets caught on something causing him to lose the paddle. Deb reaches out attempting to grab the paddle, and just then the catfish lunges and attempts to bite her. Deb sits down but realizes that the fish has bitten her puncturing an artery. She is bleeding profusely, and asks for a rope to help stop the loss of blood. Deb exclaims that they need to get the paddle so that they can get to the shore quicker. Matt makes an attempt but unfortunately, the catfish is waiting for him. It bites through the paddle, narrowly missing Matt's hand. Zeke attempts to tell everyone that Deb has died but the rest of the group are preoccupied. The group begin paddling back to shore with only one paddle. As the group wonder what they will tell Deb\xe2\x80\x99s mom, the catfish returns and nudges the boat. Simon hits it with the paddle. The catfish breaks the paddle causing it to split, so Simon uses this to his advantage and stabs the catfish, risking the chance of being pulled into the water. The group are then able to pull Simon back into the boat, but the catfish continues swimming into the boat, causing a puncture. Matt then notices Johnny being quiet, so he asks why the freak out about jumping into the water. He then asks if he knew about the catfish, but Johnny declares that he didn\xe2\x80\x99t. Simon grabs Johnny by the shirt, pushing his head over the boat and begins telling him that he is lying. Eventually Johnny confesses to knowing about the catfish, though he claims that he didn\xe2\x80\x99t believe in the stories he had heard. Kitty then mentions the necklace he gave her to keep her safe, insinuating he is lying. Everyone is angry as he allowed them to come to such a dangerous place. Zeke then thinks over the situation, coming up with a plan to use Deb\xe2\x80\x99s body as bait. Though there is hesitation from Kitty, eventually they agree to push Deb\xe2\x80\x99s body overboard. This way they can paddle back to shore and not be the target. Kitty prays over Deb, and the boys push her overboard. As she floats away, the catfish takes the body underwater as the group begins paddling away. It doesn\xe2\x80\x99t take long for the catfish to finish his meal so Zeke warns them to stop paddling. They then try bailing water from the boat, and attempt to use the cooler lid as a paddle. Soon after, the fish resurfaces biting the lid and swimming away with it. The group then starts throwing their food into the water and begin using the cooler to bail water. Simon thinks that since they can see the catfish and the paddle, they are safe to paddle by hand, but it suddenly turns around causing them to stop. Zeke then says that the only reason they made it as far as they did was because it was eating Deb\xe2\x80\x99s body. He then suggests throwing Johnny overboard as he is the reason that they\xe2\x80\x99re all here in the first place. With time running out, Matt says Johnny should go over. Enraged, Johnny then jumps into the water and begins swimming away. The catfish follows his trail and then slips under the surface. The group is then confident to resume paddling. Tension begins to boil over as the fish comes back yet again. They devise a plan to use the fireworks which will harm the catfish, but it proves ineffective. Simon suggests they need another distraction. As the catfish turns around, Matt agrees, and so they start focusing on Zeke. In desperation, Zeke says we should ask Kitty who she has slept with on the boat. He denies ever touching her, but tells Matt to ask his brother. While Simon denies anything, Zeke says he has Kitty on record cheating on Matt. Simon then punches Zeke in the face, and throw him overboard. As he tries to hang on, they kick at his hands. Not long after the catfish comes and tears Zeke apart. First biting his arm. We then see that Johnny has made it to shore, and he\xe2\x80\x99s fairly near to a motorboat. Back on the boat, Matt questions his brother if he has been cheating, and Simon says no. Matt then starts pondering he and Zeke\xe2\x80\x99s friendship, and how he might have been able to make something out of his life. Matt spurred to action starts throwing anything unnecessary overboard. He reaches into Johnny's bag finding a condom and a hatchet. Simon then grabs the cooler to use as a paddle, but the fish soon takes that away as well. The catfish then comes back attacking the boat. Kitty has had it so she grabs the hatchet and begins striking the fish. Soon they hear the sound of a motorboat. They see Johnny in the boat and start to feel relieved. As he arrives, they ask him how he will save them, Johnny responds saying he will tow them back. They ask why they can\xe2\x80\x99t join him in the speedboat, and he says he\xe2\x80\x99s worried he\xe2\x80\x99ll be thrown off again. Johnny hesitates, but then throws a rope over to them. They tie their end to the boat, and Johnny begins attempting to tow them. The catfish returns, ramming Johnny\xe2\x80\x99s boat, causing it to spin. The rope then starts wrapping around Johnny\xe2\x80\x99s neck. Kitty grabs the hatchet but Simon warns her not to. Even though she had the ability to save Johnny, she allowed him to choke to death. Matt and Simon then pull the boat, thinking they are saved, but the catfish inevitably knocks them over. Simon and Matt try to flip the boat back over but the rope is too close to the propeller. It slices the rope and also breaks in the process. They then wait for the catfish to eat Johnny\xe2\x80\x99s body, but are shocked as doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem interested, swimming away. Simon then attempts to make new paddles, using the hatchet to break up the wooden seats on the boat. Between paddling, Matt asks what really happened with Simon and Kitty. They deny everything, but Matt protests saying he won\xe2\x80\x99t paddle untill he receives an answer. Simon suggests another vote. Kitty then says that anything that has happened doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter. She finally admits to her infidelity promising that she will never do it again. Simon and Matt begin fighting over Kitty. Simon points towards Kitty saying that she came to Simon thinking he was her ticket to a better life. The brothers then vote Kitty off the boat. Before going, she tells Matt that whenever they were intimate, she was thinking of Simon. Matt throws her overboard. Kitty tries to get back on board, but Simon stops her. She then slips beneath the waves. Simon starts provoking Matt, and they get into a small scuffle. Simon diffuses the fight, and apologizes, then tries to hit Matt using the hatchet. Matt dodges his attempt and is then able to use the hatchet hitting Simon\xe2\x80\x99s head. Simon is then knocked off the boat. Matt swims out to Simon attempting to save him. Simon then sees the catfish, and pushes Matt into the catfish saving himself. Kitty, still alive and floating on the overturned boat, reaches over grabbing Johnny\xe2\x80\x99s necklace. Not long after the catfish comes and eats Johnny. She realizes that the necklace can protect her, so she jumps into the water and swims back to shore. When she arrives, she is greeted by Simon. Simon is upset that Kitty has chosen Matt over him, but then embraces her with a kiss. This then leads to him choking her, pushing her head under water and drowning her. After she dies, he tells her that she will never leave the lake. A second later, lights shine on him as he is holding Kitty\xe2\x80\x99s body. He drops her body and is then confronted by Mr. Parks. He asks about Johnny, to which Simon says there was an accident. Mr. Parks then says he was a kind boy, and that he and his granfather were good friends of his for many years. Simon then tries to lie about his actions and the deaths. Mr. Parks shows Simon the video camera that Zeke had, revealing he knows what Simon has done. Mr. Parks then pulls out a gun telling Simon to try his luck with the lake. Simon begs to be spared, but Mr. Parks opens fire. The first shot misses, but the second hits his Simon\xe2\x80\x99s leg. The catfish then comes dragging Simon to his death. Like and subscribe for more videos like this and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to hit the notifications bell. Thanks for watching! 