I want you to hit me as hard as you can. [Music], hi, I'm Luke Ryan for Joe. Blow calm and welcome to movie endings explained. in this video, we're going to be casting our minds back to 1976, to the psychological drama taxi driver, starring Robert De Niro, a staple of the gritty and dark films being made in 1970s American cinema. the film follows a disillusioned veteran, Travis Bickle. he takes up work as a taxi driver in New York City, preferring to work long night shifts. he has trouble sleeping and is disgusted with the state of the city, spending his nights driving through what he perceives to be the garbage of the streets. the pimps, the crime, prostitution. he detests all of it. not only as Travis disillusioned, he's disconnected, an insular person who only shares his real feelings with a journal he keeps, the entries of which we hear in voiceover narration throughout the film. when it comes to real human contact and social interaction, Travis struggles. in the first half of the film, he tries romancing Betsy, played by Cybill Shepherd. and what already starts out as a creepy and somewhat unsettling introduction ends quite quickly with Travis's poor choice of a first date, taking Betsy to a porn theater, she promptly dumps him, leaving Travis feeling even more embittered. he eventually begins to form a twisted plan to assassinate senator Palantine, a presidential candidate, and begins training himself for this act. he acquires guns, lots of guns, and visits a rally to perfect his plot, staking out the situation. at the same time, he encounters iris, a young prostitute played by Jodie Foster. he's appalled by her situation and wants to rescue her from it, but she insists to Travis that she's better off than being with her parents. when Travis finally decides to make his move against Palantine, he turns up to a rally with his hair shaved into the iconic mohawk look that's so associated with the film. but ultimately he gets cold feet when he spied by a Secret Service agent, and leaves the rally, as if Travis somehow thought to himself well, I've got to kill someone today. he goes to the brothel the iris works out and kills them all in a grisly and graphic shootout, in his mind, saving iris from a life of prostitution. as he makes his way to irises room, Travis gets shot multiple times and ends up slumped on a sofa as the police make their way inside. what follows is a slow and dread filled exit of the room, first in a dreamy overhead shots, then through the blood drenched holes until we reach the street outside. [Music], then we see, presumably Travis's wool adorned with newspaper clippings praising his actions, proclaiming him to be the taxi-driver hero. we then hear irisa's father thanking Travis for effectively giving them back their daughter in a letter that we eventually see come into frame on Travis's wall. the very last scene, though, sees Travis seemingly back to normal with a full head of hair and driving his taxi yet again. then he picks up Betsy, who now doesn't seem quite so repulsed by him as the movie reaches its conclusion. [Music], how much was it? [Music], and so the film ends with Travis's view of the city gliding across the screen. so what's there to explain, I hear you ask. well, as I say in every video and outright, explanation is impossible in the subjective nature of cinema. but there are a few things that dig into here. the popular theory is that everything after the brothel shootout is a dream. Travis's last thoughts as he dies imagining that he survives and ends up right back where he was, driving his taxi, but lauded as a hero for cleaning up the trash of the city, and with Betsey more open to him again. it's almost a storybook ending for a film so full of raw an uncomfortable darkness. even though iris was in a bad situation, she openly expresses how she isn't interested in going back with her parents. that's what Travis wanted. he sees himself as a hero, and the ending fulfills that warped perspective. you'd think a man in the military jacket with a mohawk killing three men the same day that a man in a military jacket with a mohawk was seen acting suspiciously at the Palantine rally would raise some red flags, but at the very least he'd go to jail for the murders. but no, he walks free. and instead of being viewed as a psychopath, society Pat's him on the back and everything is fine again. the great Roger Ebert once talked about the idea of taxi drivers ending being a fantasy inside Travis's head, saying, are we experiencing his dying thoughts? can the sequence be accepted as literally true? I'm not sure there can be an answer to these questions. the end sequence plays like music, not drama. and indeed, the music that plays over that moment is an overwhelming piece that is incredibly evocative. the overhead shot could be seen to resemble Travis's soul as tarnished and corrupted as it is, gliding over the room and leaving this world. he does, in fact, attempt to kill himself at the end, burrs run out of bullets, instead settling on a grim miming of the act that has also become part of the iconography of this film. throughout the movie, Travis is not only critical of the criminals of New York City, but black people in general. while it isn't leaned into completely. he is absolutely portrayed as racist, which just adds to the image of this alienated monster disintegrating before our in the original script written by Paul Schrader, the pimp who controls iris, who is played by Harvey Keitel in the film, was black, as was every person inside the brothel. in the original script, it was just a racist slaughter. Schrader said the producers were worried the ending the film with Travis killing only black men would incite riots and caused real-life violence and conflicts. but would that original detail of the ending have added or taken away from the concept of the film concluding with Travis alive as a hero, or dead as a monster? because if you take the ending of taxi driver at face value, we're faced with a very dangerous and violent man who becomes a vigilante of sorts, and comes out of it as a good guy. let's not forget, his original plan was to kill Palantine, which is a completely different situation than taking out the people who are exploiting and abusing iris. but the moral questions that taxi driver raises that would have kept people coming back to the film again and again, and it being considered one of the great films of the 1970s. there is no easy answer, but there is also no denying the fact that Travis Bickle is a fascinating and, at times, terrifying character. I think a real turning point of the story, and maybe the most important scene in the film, is when Travis tries to talk to a co-worker, wizard, about the isolation he's feeling and the bad ideas he's been having. he's simply unable to express himself to people. and just as he's trying to open up, Wizards steamrolls the moment with bad advice. at this point, Travis at least wanted to reach out to someone, but even then, the only person he felt he could do that with was a co-worker he barely knows. from here on out, he really descends into a dark place, and we can see progressively how deeper he slips. he resents the people of the city and views them as scum. at the beginning of the film, he talks about how pure and innocent Betsy is in his mind, and that they cannot touch her. but when she rejects him, he explodes and tells her she's just like all the rest. it's easy to see why people view the ending as a fantasy, because his entire life is viewed through such a distorted lens to begin with. but what did the key players have to say? the director, Martin Scorsese, seems to read the story at face value, that Travis survived the shooter, and the final scenes are, for want of a better term, true. in the last moment before the credits, we see Travis looking to his rearview mirror as if he spots something. but of course, all he can see staring right back at him are his own eyes. halfway through the credits, there's also a few frames of his eyes looking into the mirror, tucked away in a literal blink and you'll miss it moment. here's what Scorsese had to say about this in the audio commentary that originally appeared on the 1990 laserdisc release of taxi driver. and at the end of it, I decided I put something on that shows that the time the timer starts to tick again in Travis, the one that's about to explode, the bomb, starts to tick again right about here, let me show you, right here, as if he saw something in the mirror, the writer of the film, Paul Schrader, however, is very clear on the ending. in a reddit Q&amp;A, he said, the epilogue is not a dream sequence. it's just the restarting of the movie. I've always felt that the last frame could be spliced into the first frame and the movie started all over again. however, you are right to say the good movies leave themselves open for interpretation. Robert DeNiro also believes the ending is literal, and was pushing for many years for a sequel, saying, I'd like to see where Travis is today. there was something about the guy, all that rage and alienation. that's what the city can do to you. Paul Schrader had said, DeNiro suggested the sequel to Marty and I about 15 years ago, and I told him it was the dumbest idea that I'd ever heard. I told him that character had died not more than six months after the movie was over. he was on a death trip and was going to succeed the next time. so as far as the creators of this story are concerned, the ending was no dream and says perhaps more about the kind of society that would celebrate Travis, a psychotic gunman, than it does about Travis's in a turmoil. Paul Schrader was confused when Sara Jane Moore was put on the cover of Newsweek after she had attempted to assassinate President Ford. and the cult of criminal celebrity seeped into his screenplay for taxi driver, with Travis now hailed as a hero by the very city he despises and hoped the rain would wash away. [Music], so all told, the ending of the film seems to be fairly clear-cut, and that everything you see, as bizarre as it can be, is the story being told. literally, I often find that dying death dream theories hold little water, but I will concede that things do play out a little too neatly for Travis in taxi drivers final moments. but the idea that everything we saw was real, and this angry, alienated and very dangerous man is back on track to explode in another violent episode, is altogether a much more uneasy and disturbing ending than the finale being a fantasy. but after all, good movies do leave themselves open to interpretation. so what do you think? [Music], you 