a mysterious camera that shows pictures a day into the future. welcome back to popcorn time movie digest. today i will show you a science fiction time travel film from 2014 titled time lapse. spoilers alert. watch out and take care. finn is a painter with a creative block, the equivalent of a writer's block. finn lives together with his girlfriend callie and his best friend, jasper, in an apartment complex where he works as a manager. one older tenant, mr bezzeritas, informally called mr b, has not paid his rent in two months. finn sends callie over to mr.b's house to check the scene out. kelly goes to check on him, only to find his dank apartment abandoned, and discovers a mysterious fridge-sized camera pointed at their living room window. kelly sees a machine in the photos. it turns out the tenant has figured out a way to shoot polaroids that show what will happen there exactly 24 hours after the shutter clicks. the device is programmed to automatically take one picture every night. they also find a journal in which bezaridis worried he'd foreseen his death the friends checked mr b's storage unit and find his inexplicably charred corpse. he has apparently been dead for a week based on what happened to mr b and notes in his journal. they theorized that they have to make sure the events and the photos, whatever they may be, have to occur, or their timeline will stop, and they will therefore cease to be gambling attic. jasper pushes to use the machine to win bets, as he usually loses. and the next day's photo confirms they will do just that. it also shows that finn has finally created a new painting, copying the work in the polaroid gets him past his block. the housemates use the device to make their wildest dreams come true. jasper suggests that the trio use the camera to win money gambling. the first photo produced shows the next day's racing results as well as a new painting by fenn, believing they must enact whatever scene each day's new picture shows them, no matter how troubling it may be. the three housemates grow increasingly at odds, even as they figure out ways to use this magic window for monetary and creative gain. several days go by, the friends cover up mr b's disappearance, including lying to the complex security guard big joe, claiming the old man is in the hospital. after a week, they get a disturbing photo, cali kissing jasper while finn paints in the background. wary of the fate which befell mr besoritas, they then assume they must now enact all the events depicted in the photo or else risk annihilation. the actual kiss goes on too long while finn paints, and he gets angry and jealous. this generates increasingly complex logistical dilemmas and interpersonal conflicts. the next photo shows jasper's violent bookie, ivan at the apartment, not knowing why he would be there. jasper calls him the next morning saying he won't be making any bets that day. the call raises ivan's suspicions, and he visits jasper that night. meanwhile, in cautious jasper's newfound gambling success attracts unwanted attention and threats from his bookie. jasper's gangster bookie, ivan discovers the camera and forces the trio to pose for photos, showing him which races and runners to gamble upon. the property's nice guy security guard. big joe also grows suspicious of too many suspicious activities. finn and jasper's friendship is strained by these events, as ivan will be keeping each night's photo, preventing finn from seeing his painting even so jasper gets a cell phone picture of the next polaroid before giving it to ivan's goon, marcus. this photo shows a hastily made skull and crossbones on the canvas. after seeing a photo of a skull and crossbones painted onto one of finn's works, jasper interprets this as a warning, so he hides weapons, a kitchen knife, a golf club and a hammer, near the couch. the next evening, finn runs into big joe at the gate as he has just gotten a job as a police officer. marcus sees their meeting and calls ivan, who doesn't believe their story about big joe just dropping off his keys. ivan threatens all of them, but jasper convinces him that tonight's new photo is of ivan's death. while ivan is retrieving the photo, jasper subsequently manages to kill ivan's henchman, marcus, then clubs ivan to death on his return. they hide the bodies in mr b's storage unit. finn and cali fight, so finn sleeps on the couch. later that night, they are visited by mr b's colleague, dr heidecker, who levels a gun at finn and jasper and forces them to reveal events. mr b had mailed heidecker a photo that covers the next night, but taken before his death, meaning that the machine could be set to take photos more than 24 hours in advance. the photo shows blood on the window, mr b's hat on the friend's couch. jasper has taken to wearing the dead man's hat and a picture of a green coil that resembles the broken device on the ground next to mr b's corpse. dr heidegger, theorizes that time did not kill mr b for trying to change the future. he knocked over a coil in his storage unit, and the released gas killed him. as she doesn't know how to adjust the settings of the machine. jasper shoots heidecker dead using ivan's gun. the next night, finn discovers a photograph showing callie and jasper having sex, which he assumes will take place the following night. and then tries to argue and stop the event from happening. finn talks to jasper, trying to figure out a way to prevent events, but jasper knocks him out and locks him in mr b's storage unit. he does not believe dr heidecker's theory and intends to prevent a paradox, making sure the photo happens no matter what. trying to find a way out of the locked storage unit, he searches heidecker's purse and finds the photo that includes blood on the window, mr b's hat on the couch and the painting of the coil. and realizes that he had to have painted the coil in the future, the next day, so that mr b would die in the storage room in the first place, thus allowing him to escape. using mr b's keys, he escapes and goes to the machine. he calls jasper, who sees him at the machine and threatens to destroy it. if jasper does not stop. a fight ensues, which ends with cali smashing jasper's head in. cali tells finn that she is going to get some ice for his head. when making the painting to match heidecker's photo, finn realizes a discrepancy. he discovers that the camera also takes a photo at eight a.m, a truth which cali kept to herself. he goes to cali and sees her in the kitchen messing with something in a drawer. he tells her that he thought she was going to get some ice. she awkwardly says she was, and tries to make it look like she was. she takes fin to the bedroom, where he lies down with a bag of ice to his head. afterward, she hurriedly leaves the room and closes the bedroom door behind her. he lies down for a few seconds, and then gets up. he slowly opens the bedroom door and heads out. he goes to the living room where he sees cali in front of the window with two pieces of paper with some phrases written on them that cali has taped to the window. there is suddenly a flash from the camera. he asks kelly about the camera flash. she tells finn that she can explain. callie takes the pieces of paper off the window and reads them. one of the papers reads, swap photo with charade knight, and the other reeds, kill jasper to save finn. finn drops the papers on the floor and goes to the kitchen. he opens the drawer that cali was messing with earlier, and some stuff falls out. kelly tries to get finn to go to the living room so that they can talk, but finn tells her to tell him the truth. kelly tells him the truth. she says that when she went to mr b's to tell him that he was behind on his rent, she knocked on his door. when he didn't answer, she went inside his apartment. inside she found the machine. she says that a photo was sticking out of the machine. the photo was of her. the photo showed her with her finger over her mouth, telling her to be quiet. beside her are two pieces of paper. on them are written, not coat rack over and hot last week's daytime photos. she tells him that the camera also takes a photo at 8am, which she has been concealing from them the entire time. kali reveals that she has been using the morning photo to send herself messages to manipulate events and rekindle her relationship with finn. the sex photo is one of those missing from mister these wall from a drunken night a month ago. the other missing photos are ones of cali and jasper being affectionate which she took down from the wall when she first discovered the machine. she tries to reason with finn, telling him that the photo was like her wanting to be caught so that finn would wake up and realize what he had he says that he can't believe that she would do this. he tells her that she had every opportunity to prevent it and to warn him. he asks her why she didn't. she tells him that she was only doing what the photos told her to do. she was getting pulled along, like they all were. she tells him that everything happened for a reason. she grabs a photo which shows her in a piece of paper reading, kiss jasper too long, which callie says made finn jealous for the first time in ages. she tells finn that he's been increasingly distant, but lately has become more close to her since the discovery of the machine. she shows him another photo. this one has her in another piece of paper which reads, go within the car. she tells him that she got to feel his kiss again as a result of her message. a third photo has the message, pose for finn. this was so that finn could paint her, and that he would realize what he had. a fourth photo has the message by modeling book cali says that slowly they were coming back together as a couple. the fifth photo says, don't forgive finn. kelly tells finn that after everything that was happening, he was still picking the machine and his work over her. she says that she had to do something that was going to bring him back to his senses, which led to the current photo. she tells finn that she saw him fight for her more than she has ever seen him fight for anything. she says that in the end, everything worked out. finn seemingly agrees with her, but ends up rejecting callie. kelly asks him what he's going to do. he says that he's going to destroy the machine. kelly tries to talk him out of it, even saying that she can leave a note for the night photo, warning her to hide the photos so that finn does not catch her in the morning. finn looks at her disapprovingly and begins to head over to the machine to destroy it. as a result, callie picks up the gun and points it at finn. she tells him that if he does, she will shoot him as he does, callie shoots him. this in turn creates the blood splatter on the window from heidecker's photo. when callie is attempting to send herself another message telling her not to get caught at the window by finn, big joe walks by. he sees callie at the window with a piece of paper tape to the window. he tells her to go to the door. she opens the door and asks him what he's doing there. he tells her that finn left him a message telling him that callie and finn were leaving town, and that he might be interested in what jasper was up to. he asks her about the blood stain on the window. he asks her if he can come in. she looks over at the note on the window and says, sure, it doesn't matter. tonight none of this will matter. she opens the door and lets him come in. to his shock, he discovers the murdered jasper and finn. she says, i guess you have some questions for me. the final shot shows callie being led away by big joe, and the note, don't get caught at windows still taped on the window. the note falls off the window as a result kelly runs back to tape it back to the window with big joe running behind her. a few seconds later, big joe comes back into the frame, dragging callie away. the camera takes a picture of the window, hinting that without the note tape to the window, everything will happen as it has. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 