hey everyone. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and he now locked into the channel where we've been watching The Watchmen to break down everything that you need to know about the new season on HBO. after the events of episode 8, a lot of things are up in the air, including dr. manhattan's body. and right now the Internet is just rife with speculation on what will be happening in the finale for the show. throughout this video, we're just gonna be going over some of the best fan theories, pointing out the things that you may have missed, and discussing what we think will happen in episode 9. though a lot of these are just theories, there is evidence to back them up, so there could be heavy spoilers here. if we're right. if you just want to go into the final episode as blind as possible, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but without the way, if you're still here, thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown and what happens next to dr. Manhattan. okay, so in my opinion, the first series of Watchmen has been an absolutely crazy ride. so far. throughout the episodes have aired, we've had an amazing amount of Revelations that are really turned the Watchmen universe on its head. through X crimefighter well Reeves, we discovered that in Tulsa, there exists a white supremacist group who are slowly hatching a plan to take over the world. led by Senator Joe Kean, they've devised a method in which they'll be able to create their own version of dr. Manhattan and used the Superman's abilities to bring forth a new world order. yikes. the plan culminated in episode 8, in which we saw cavalry members arrive at Angela Ava's house after it was revealed that her husband, Cal was secretly dr. Manhattan. it turns out that Doc's been masquerading this entire time as a regular man, unbeknownst to everyone other than Angela. the final few shots of the penultimate episode showed the doc being zapped by a tachyon a cannon and sent who knows where. if the episode left you scratching your head, then don't worry, because we may have some answers as to exactly what's going on. before we get into the theories, though, we just kind of need to set up some establishing information that actually adds a lot of weight to what will be happening down the line. okay, so if you've ever looked into film analysis or just read up on cool things that happen in movies, you'll often see that food plays a massive role in TV shows and film. Watchmen is no different. and with a lot of seemingly unimportant items comes hidden depth and subtext. for example, in the original Watchmen graphic novel Rorschach eats a can of beans. and thus when we see lookingglass doing it in his own home, it allows us to see that the two have an almost shed psychology. both are pretty much in cells, consider their masks their real faces, and don't like to compromise on things. in Episode eight, we also see a young John Osterman, aka dr. Manhattan, pick up an apple from the table in the castle, which he then drops upon seeing mr. Phillips and Miss Cruikshank's having sex. this holds more importance later as the to confront John about it and pass him a Bible pointing out the picture of Adam and Eve. Adam and Eve lost their innocence over an apple. and thus, when John drops it in the episode, upon seeing the two together, it mirrors the loss of innocence and provides him with a new perception of the world. similar for the aforementioned items, eggs are prevalent throughout the Watchmen TV series. they pop up during several scenes and even provide a metaphor for episode 8, in which characters discuss what came first, the chicken or the egg, when trying to get their head around how dr. Manhattan's view of time works. eggs and culture represent birth, springtime, and because of this, they carry a lot of extra meaning with them. whether it's the Easter Egg representing the birth of Christ, or even just your typical chicken on a farm, eggs have a symbolism that comes with them that means they carry new opportunities and possibilities. it's also said in the episode that an egg, potentially, if embodied with dr. Manhattan's powers, could pass on his abilities and off. this theory ties deeply into this. ok? so cast your mind back to episode 2 of Watchmen, in that we see will pulling out boiling eggs from a pot. at the time, this was kind of a weird moment in the show. and now, knowing what we do, it's possible that this could be highlighting exactly what's happened. we do know that will and dr. Manhattan agreed to form an alliance at one point, and therefore there is a lot of potential that the two are working together in more ways than one. will is over a hundred years old, and yet is still quite a sprightly old fellow, especially for his age. and he also seems to have a vast knowledge of future events, coming eerily close to predicting several things before they happen. could it be that the two actually formed an alliance that goes beyond just me a friend she? well, the major theory at the moment that is floating about the Internet is that we'll actually already possesses or carries the egg that allows him to take on the powers of dr. Manhattan, and he either has or will consume it when the right moment comes. this is how he was able to put his hand in boiling hot water and go from being wheelchair-bound to walking. it also explains why dr. Manhattan transports his and Angela's kids directly to the character as you'll be able to protect them. I mean, let's face it, if the seventh Cavalry does succeed, and Joe Keene becomes a doc level being. and it will take something special to stop the children from coming into harm's way. this explains why the doc felt that this was the best place for them. if will is able to take on the powers, then they will be safe. and yet, it seems like a pretty well thought-out plan. will also seems like the kind of person who deserves the powers of a God. as over his 100 year lifespan, he has demonstrated and need to do the right thing. and even in his old age, he puts duty before death. could this be why John was also making waffles in the kitchen? I mean, he did say watch the eggs, which Angela and smashed. so it looks like there was some importance with them. could Jonah finished up the waffles while Angela was outside fighting the cavalry? and then when to will with the means to pass on his powers? potentially, and personally, I can definitely see this being the case next week. and who better to have on your side? failing that, the powers could easily pass over to Angela through the pool. that was a big plot point of the latest episode. in episode 8, Angela and John fight it out beside the water, with the former saying that it's important that Angela sees him there. it is possible that he could have passed on his abilities into the water, and if Angela drinks from the pool, and she too could possess them. this would be like a Fountain of Youth metaphor. and we definitely know that there is some importance to this scene. there's also a theory that John could have created back up in the water. as in the episode, we do see him using a body of liquid to create clones. it is possible that if Angela returns there, then she'll be able to fish them out and potentially use them to get John back. this theory I'm kind of unsure of, as she doesn't really have the means to grow them. but as we saw with Ozzy on Europa, he was able to fish our clones. so there is potential that they could be here. now, after the finale of the episode, you may be wondering where John actually is. well, we do know that he's not dead. as before being shot by the tachyonic cannon, he did say that it was going to transport him. we know that the cavalry are capable of teleportation, so it is possible that this moved him directly to the holding cell that we saw them building in episode 7. going off the preview of the next episode, we do actually see John trapped, and also Keene readying himself to strip the docs powers. however, he likely hasn't counted on looking glass' being out and about. and in episode 7, PT did stumble across his bunker and a bunch of dead cavalry members, with one missing a mask. it seems likely that LG is now wearing this and has infiltrated the Cavalry's headquarters and is about to stop the experiment from happening. from the thumbnail of the episode 9 promo trailer and clips from next week's entry, it looks like Laurie is being guarded by a cavalry member. I definitely think that this will be looking-glass, and he could end up freeing her. we know the latter has been pining after dr. Manhattan for a while, and she would definitely be up for saving him, even if it means teaming up with old mirror guy. personally, though, and animal owned on this, I do actually think that Keene will gain the powers, but in doing so, realize that all of the goals that he wished to achieve are now meaningless to him. I mean, imagine having the powers of dr. Manhattan, yeah, running for president. it just kind of seems like a step down. we know that John himself doesn't really wish to rule the world due to his enlightenment, so I can see Keene being in a similar position. however, even with his abilities, he is still a danger. and I think the Millennium Clock is actually a device that will destroy both Keene and Manhattan. he could also be a way to activate sleeper cells in the country that all possess the genes of Ozymandias. the character in the post-credits scene of episode 8 mentions that he has 8 million children on earth, and these could provide true with an army in which defy the cavalry. width we know the Millennium clock tells time, but it could also show the future to these people directly, letting them know what may happen if they don't act. well, we don't know for definite, and that does seem like a bit of a stretch. however, it looks like the plans are slowly starting to come together. and honestly, I can't wait to see what happens. I really hope we don't end on a cliffhanger, but yeah, if we do, at least that gives us hope for season two. anyway, it's been a blast going through these theories with you. and hey, if you're watching this video after seeing the episode, then I hope at least one of them was right. whether you're dr. Manhattan and know all of the answers, or just a regular person like me, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode. and if you agree with the theories in this video, comment below and let me know. and yeah, if you enjoyed this, please give me a thumbs up, as I massively appreciate it. also, make sure you stay locked to the channel for breakdowns of the finale next week, as it's gonna be so much to talk about, and I'd love to have you there. you also do a podcast called watching The Watchmen, in which we break down the original graphic novel, issue by issue. so if you want to know the full backstory of the book, then make sure you check it out. after this, you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel or more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the theories in the comment section below. but when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever, get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] 