so after the ending of episode one, there's definitely going to be some tension between mitch and james cruz. we finished episode one with terry being shot, and it's definitely going to have a lot of backlash with revenge involved. but we're going to go through what to expect for episode 2, as meech seeks revenge, how is all his being blamed for the trouble by his parents, what his next moves are going to be, looking at some of the new images for episode 2 as well and breaking down the synopsis, as we normally do for power. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you want to see everything bmf and power universe related. but let's have a look at the synopsis 4 episode 2, which is titled rumors. and it reads, tension rises between the 50 boys and their rivals, which creates repercussions. lamar plants misinformation so he can actively step towards the throne. so let's break this down. until all things episode 2, as tension starts to rise between the rivals, as we saw in episode 1 already with meech and terry, how they went to go see jmo and the 12th street boys. the 12th street boys weren't happy that mitch had stepped in on some unmarked territory. and meech, in the end, gave them this territory after terry pulled a strap at the meeting. and there's definitely going to be some more tension after the ending of episode 1, when terry was shot. and here's the thing with black mafia family being based on a true story with demetrius and terry flannery, this actually happened. terry was shot outside his baby mom's house and he lost his eye. but in real life, they never found out who was really behind the gun and who shot terry. so i don't know whether they're gonna go down this same route, but we all know that lamar wants his throne back. and when he meets after seeing him with his girl, he warned him that next time he's not gonna miss. and lamar definitely is a crazy character, which i'm gonna get to later on in this video, and we're going to have a look at his character description as well. but meech is definitely going to be seeking revenge, especially when he rolls up to the hospital locked and loaded, because one thing you definitely don't do is you come for someone's family. these are two brothers who have been on a journey ever since they were young kids. as mead said, nothing comes between us, little brother. we're a team. so we're gonna see mitch really trying to protect his family, and that's what he wanted to do all along. anyway, they grew up not really having much of the family. for example, we saw the fridge. we saw how empty it was. we saw how terri had to boil at water just to wash himself. and there wasn't even any milk for him to have any cereal. they were behind on their mortgage payments, and meat just wanted to protect his own and eventually, i do see his mom's accepting meech's money because their situation isn't going to get any better with them being behind on their mortgage payments. and this will, no doubt cause some more tension between the flannery household, because charles has made it clear that he definitely doesn't want to accept michael's money, whether it's for the mortgage, for the house, his sister nicole's school trip, he definitely doesn't want to accept his dirty money. but we're also going to see him getting the blame for what happened to terry, as all the siblings always do get the blame, because parents will hold the older sibling responsible for things that happen with their younger brothers and sisters, because you're supposed to be the one who sets an example. but it's terry who takes the blame, after he took the blame in the first episode for the gun that terry brought into the house. and now lucille is going to tell him that if terry dies, this is on you. this is a constant theme that we're going to see throughout, not just season one, but throughout this series, which is going to take the blame for a lot of things that terry does. because if you watch the documentaries and read up on the relationship between terry and meech, there's definitely a lot of instances where meech takes the blames for the actions of terry. and as i said, this is the relationship that they had. meech is the big brother, and he feels as if he has to protect his younger brother and his family. so he's going to be on a revenge mission where he goes after kwame, who's in terry's class, was mocking him for the baby that he had on the way. and this is an image from episode 2 where meech confronts kwame. and we all know how mitch has his presence already where he has respect. but as meat said in the first episode, their crew ain't big enough to get into a war with the 12th street boys. and their actions will have consequences as there definitely will be repercussions. in episode two, no doubt, the 50 and the 12th street boys will come face to face. and as problems start to brew between the two crews, this is where lamar is going to try and step in and take advantage of the situation. he's going to plant some misinformation, which mitch will probably act on. so there's a path towards the throne. now we learned that lamar was a legend on these streets which he used to terrorize. he just came our mental health institution after two years, and the first thing that he saw was his girl with meech. but that's not what he was pissed about. he used to run these streets, in these corners that have been taken by the 12th street and the 50 boys. and as meech and james beef starts to pick up, this is where lamar will try and take advantage of this whole situation. we even heard pat teaching reach that these are the streets that we're talking about. if someone stepping on your toes, then you have to make them back up. and we're going to see me take on pat's teachings. but he also mentioned that there's going to be competition, because lamar is back in town. he used to run e-course, the one who they say kidnapped the rapper, strung him up to a beehive naked. and he really is going to be this crazy character. he's a fearsome thug in a durag who recently returned to the neighborhood after a stint in a mental hospital. lamar was locked up there instead of going to prison where he really belonged, a legend in his own time and a casual killer who becomes delivered when he sees meech leaving his girlfriend's house. lamar becomes more incensed when he discovers that mitch and his crew have taken over the crack trade that he left two years ago. he's out to return things back to the way they used to be by any means necessary, which puts him and meech on a collision course. so that's what we know from lamar silas's character description. and with him trying to reclaim the streets, we're going to see him and meech clashing over and over again this season, not just over his girl, but the drug game, because he really will do anything to regain control of what he believes is his. and he proved to us that he's someone who rides solo when he turn down the offer from jmo at the club to work with them. but to regain control over these streets, he's gonna need some more muscle. and he may be on his own for now, but for how long? because he could very well take up jaimo's offer, or even someone else later on, which is what we know from jaimo's character description. now, of course, we all know that terry's going to be okay, and when he's back him and meech, we'll be back up with a brand new idea to start selling their drugs as they step up their drug operation. but let's run through a few of the images for episode two. that have been released. there's meech and b mickey, who's effectively the third in command to meet and terry, who's been with them since day one. and he's never wanted to shy away from the violent side of the streets. he's a shooter, but he's someone who's secretly sleeping with someone else that could jeopardize the integrity of their crew. so who is sleeping with? i'm sure we'll find out soon enough. there's mitchell's going to be stepping to kwame, of course, as we went through earlier on in this video. now meet your detective brian, who's meech's former baseball coach who's also a police officer. now he does favors for meech, as he gets laced with cash in return. but the question is, how long can a person be protecting and serving the community continue to play both sides of the fence? so as we've seen from the first episode, detective brian is going to protect meech and help him when he can and when he's asked to, after he helped me to deal with mrs griffin. but how long can he help meech for? when is enough going to be enough for detective brian what's going to be the turning point for him to tell meech that he can't protect him or help him anymore and play that side of the law for him. so we're definitely going to see meech pushing the boundaries of detective brian over the course of this first season. so that's just a little breakdown of what we can expect going into episode 2 of bmf. and this is going to be one hell of a show. i think it could be even one of 50s best shows that he's released. he's got the power universe with powerbook 2, ghost powerbook 3, raising kanan. we just finished with a very good first season, and they're still, in my opinion, the best to come, which is powerbook full force. but no doubt, bmf is off to a great start with the very first episode, and we'll continue to do so over the course of the next seven but let me know what you guys think down below in the comment section. drop all your predictions for episode two in the comment section. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything bmf and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time 