before we begin, let me start by saying this is the story of a bunch of whiny children who break all the rules to face the dangers of solving all the mysteries, while the adults apparently spend their time making it harder for them, and the other half resting on their lazy glutes. i mean, wtf, dumbledore. those styles of my movie today are a bunch of folk from the first two movies, plus sir patrick, commissioner, golden miss cass dumbledore and nanny mcphee. play our store begins with harry's aunt marge coming to the durs list to eat the rest of their food to make sure harris stays malnourished forever. so while he's doing his usual job of butlering, she go insulting his mama and papa, calling his daddy a drunk and his mama a [ __ ]. and so he does what any orphan, what an inferiority complex would do, and made to wait on his inferior foster family, and blows her orange up into a giant peach. but harry knows he ain't supposed to be using magic outside of school, so he already went in oft before the magic po-po come to put his in the hocus pokey. but it's hard out here for pimp. and harry learns this very quickly when he is approached by a big, rabid, scary, hairy dog. luckily, there's a triple decker bus that roams around looking for homeless magic folk. sure, the ticket teller and the beds look like they might give you a disease, but at least you'll be entertained by something that look like captain jack's mama. and who knows what's in ernest sandwich. did anyone ever notice only look like a cracked out wolf. blitzel, there's definitely some cd going down on this bus. i mean, wolf is consuming something suspicious. all these magic folks are knocked out by something to be able to sleep through all this commotion. the ticket teller guy looks like he's done some fiend picking. and then the man that retrieves harry looks like some love child of the hunchback of notre dame, and knows ferrara too. so here it goes into the leaky culture, and where it looked like the food you'd eat there would give you some leaky bowels to meet the president of the wizards of some such, i don't know where he's like, harry, don't you know there's a big rabbit, scary, hairy dog on the loose and he's looking to bite that booty? he's an ex-con escaped from the hokey pokey. they put his right foot in, they put his left foot in, they put his right hand in, they put his left hand in, they put his backside in. they put his whole self in, and they didn't take it out. so harry meets up with his brother from another mother and his sister from another mister. and now hop on the magic piece train. the pigs. it's perry gives the crew a little update on who's coming for that this year. well, they proceed with their usual nancy drew and the hardy boys snooping i'll loop it. and then the train stops and these creepy bastards come on board, and we learn their sole purpose is to suck all the happiness from your soul until all that's left in your head is taylor swift's songs. look at his badass. my mama loves this character so much she named her own hairy, scary, tiny dog, after him, you know, the one she shaved naked before winter and had to dress in the build-a-bear bathrobe. he's scarier than the movie, looping though my old pinky toe right off, no regrets. after some fat toad head banging, we find out lupin is the new d-a-d-a teach. and can i ask a serious question, how the hell you got an open and full professor and hagar is the best you can find, dumbledore, let me tell you. so i mowed that grass for frey. off the class where harry meets hagrid's big chicken bird hole, stingy. then harry takes a magic, big chicken bird hosting a ride. then in lupin's class, where they learn about these things that transform themselves into the thing that scares you the most. then they learn some spell that sounds something like absurdioso. i don't know, joe always be trying to speak spanish. all right, class, repeat after me, absurdioso. and of course, people from britain named harry always got to be airing their dirty laundry and dragging around their past traumas. jenna, you in this movie. well, anyway, the lady. everybody calls that disgusting, fat shaming name. got the chocolate drop scared out of her by one big rabbit, scary, hairy dog. look at this, lazy sh go down close them yourself, you damn [ __ ] y'all. professor's a werewolf. blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. sucker on broomsticks. get your soul sucked. peppermintos, mementos. then harry goes creeping in his cloak, gets a stalker's map from the weasley twins and over his mcgonagall on the president or whatever of the wizards, talking about sirius black killing peter pettigrew and going to the hocus pokey sirius being harry potter's godfather, because they like to gossip and say, harry potter and, oh my god, who the hell is peter pettigrew? then lupin helps harry learn how to tame the beast with some spell that teaches you how to repel it, like italian food repels a vampire because it gives them heartburn. then we find out buckbeak's been sentenced to become hfc hogwarts fried chicken. then harris spends a night following people around that are supposed to be deceased, but apparently they're bad at it. then lupin takes the map from harry potter and finds out peter pettigrew ain't dead. and who the hell is peter pettigrew? imagine this prophecy has said, peter pettigrew is a rat. i mean, he's a rat, but he's a rat, know what i'm saying? and serious black is innocent. we learned ron wants a woman that abuses boys. harry gets dunked in the head, and then big buck is about to get an axe right in his big buck. then they see buckbeak literally get the axe, and harris stop being a needed third wheeled damn so then the big, rabid, scary, hairy dog shows up just in time for ron to find that rat and piss his pants inside the morning mansion. harry and the mighty find the dog done, turned dude. then says, only one will die tonight. and you know, y'all could save yourselves a whole lot of heartache if you'd stop being so [ __ ] cryptic. but here was a bust of cap whoo, my man. them teeth in serious need of a jackhammer. and then looping busts in and says, i should have expected to find you holding beta's leash, something like that. then they hug like bros. and who the hell invited you snape? or have you been sniffing out lupines so long you just happen to look like the hero. i hope they pants you again, right in front of lily's child. no sunlight getting then harry bumps that pasty fool and finds out peter pettigrew is a rat who cut off his own finger to make it look like he was dead after he turned harry's parents over the voldemort. whoo. this story got more plot twists than downton abbey. hey, that damn show after they killed matthew. so we already knew sirius was a little krusty, but we also learned he's a little rusty, and i'll be damned, peter pettigrew is a rat. and just as serious and looping about to off him, harry potter goes getting all noble, and then sirius is like, you know, harry, once i'm free, man, come little me. see, he ain't a bad guy. give him a little toothpaste, he'll clean right up. then the full moon got looping, like i can't hear y'all over the sound of me going thrilla. then snape sniffs out. that's again, sirius turns dog to save them all, until somebody is hermione cause looping away with a howl. and serious moses on down to the lake. i guess it wouldn't do no good to inform you all, so sucking that serious is innocent. but somebody's patrolling us. it's harris, saves them. then hermione wakes harry and tells him she got this thingamabob that helps her time travel, so she can take two classes being held at the same time to assist her in her lifetime goal of being an even bigger dweeb than she already is. so they go back in time to thunk harry in the head say, buckbeak, get hermione howland and get harry expecto patronumen. but before we leave this scene, can i just add, harry, can we have a little talk? son? your godfather is sitting there getting his blueberry soul sucked out, and you're just sitting there trying to convince your friend that you're dead. daddy made a resurrection. so finally, harry's just like, expecto oh, no, pepperminto because they'll always be trying to speak spanish. then they jump right on that big bird, and then they fly and they save sirius, who escapes on the big chicken bird. horse thingy lupin, gets fired and gives harry back to map, which he made with harry's dad and that damn dog and that rat. but they don't really tell you that in the movie. so if you ain't read the books and you got friends that did, feel free to flaunt that detail in front like you don't go literary. at the end, be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular uno. memento of meth while you're here. read these folks names. they are just some of the people who keep these videos coming to y'all twice a month. if you enjoyed this video, how about you join this little mob of meth head so i can make more videos for more is explained for i'm jeb oh now, and that's what it's all about. 