Toy Story 4 is about to hit theaters, so here's a quick refresher on everything that happened in Toy Story 1. 2 &amp; 3 &amp; 5 minutes or less. Toy Story 1 introduces viewers to a world where toys come alive whenever humans aren't watching. our story follows a child named Andy and his various toys. there's ham the piggy bank, Rex the dinosaur, slinky dog and mr. Potato Head. but the most popular and beloved of all the toys is Sheriff Woody. life is good for woody. he flirts with Bo Peep, he commands respect from the other toys, and he's Andy's favorite. but his world is turned upside down when Andy gets a new toy for his birthday, Buzz Lightyear. the other toys become impressed by buzz, and Andy begins to favor him. woody begins to feel abandoned and worthless. he grows envious of Buzz and begins to alienate himself from the other toys. this jealousy leads to a series of mishaps that results in Woody and Buzz ending up in the possession of Andy's sadistic teenage neighbor Sid. not only to Sid plan on launching Buzz into space via fireworks rocket, but Andy and his family are moving to a new house, meaning if Buzz and Woody don't make it back to him in time, they might be lost forever. so the two toys end up working together to make it back to Andy. along the way, they become friends, but not before Buzz goes through an existential crisis to realize he's not a real Space Ranger and is, in fact, a toy. so in the end, Woody and Buzz make it back to the rest of their toy friends and into the proper care of their rightful owner, Andy Torrey. Story 2 picks up with the toy gang in good spirits, but everything is thrown into disarray when Andy accidentally rips Woody's arm while playing with him. Andy heads off to cowboy camp, leaving the injured woody behind, and adding even more fuel to his abandonment issue fire, what Andy's mom puts fellow broken toy, wheezy, up for sale at a yard sale? woody saves him, but gets stolen by a nefarious toy collector. in the process. the toy collector al takes what he home, where it is revealed that woody is part of a toy set based on a black and white puppet show from the 1950s. other toys in the set include cowgirl Jesse, bullseye the horse and stinky Pete, the prospector. owl plans to sell the toys to a museum in Tokio. woody wants to escape, to return home, but stinky Pete begins to poison his mind. you see, Jesse once belonged to a girl named Emily, who outgrew and abandoned her. and I'm not crying, you're crying anyway. Pete tells woody that just like Emily abandoned Jesse, so too will Andy abandoned woody. so what? he resigns to his fate, to being sold to a museum where he figures he will have some sort of worth and value. luckily, Woody's toy friends, led by buzz, staged a rescue mission. buzz reminds woody that a toys purpose is to be played with. and they all band together to defeat stinky Pete, then bring Jesse and bulls-eye home with them to be a part of Andy's new toy collection. and that brings us to Toy Story three. several years have passes Toy Story 2, and Andy is about to leave home to go to college. he plans on stowing away his childhood toys in the Attic, but is going to take woody with him. unfortunately, Andy's mom mistakes the toys for trash and throws them away. the toys, thinking this was Andy's intention, decided to escape in a donation box to a local daycare called Sunnyside. woody follows them, but they don't believe him when he assures them that Andy didn't mean to throw them away. woody gets taken home by a nice Sunnyside student named Bonnie, where he befriends her toys and learns of the villainous nature of stuffed bear Lotso Lotso runs all of the toys at Sunnyside and forces Andy's toys to live in the toddler room, where they are horrified by the toddler's rough and aggressive play style. when mrs. Potato Head uses an AI she lost an Andy's room to see her owner looking for his lost toys, she realizes what he was telling the truth, and Andy didn't mean to throw them away. the toys now want to escape Sunnyside, and woody arrives to help free them. a fight emerges between lot Zoe's gang and Andy's toys, resulting in them all being carried away in a garbage truck. Lotso escapes, but Andy's toys are placed on a conveyor belt, headed toward an incinerator, facing certain death. woody buzz and all of their toy friends join hands to face a horrific, fiery death together. and I'm definitely not crying. my eyes are just sweating profusely. fortunately, Andy's toys are saved by deus ex alien claw. and lots of suffers, a pretty horrific death for a children's movie. in the end, woody writes a note to Andy, which Andy believes was written by his mother. this results in Andy donating all of his toys to Bonnie. he hesitates to actually give woody away, but ultimately relents. playing with woody one last time before giving him up. his childhood was over. and I'm gonna level with you, I am crying. so with that, Andy departs for college, while his toys stay in the delicate and loving care of their new owner, Bonnie. and that just about covers it. what are your favorite moments from the Toy Story franchise? which is your favorite movie from the series? let me know in the comments below. like this video, subscribe for more, and I'll see you in the next one. 