welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about shallow hal. hal larsen jack black, is a superficial man with a heart of gold, whose fixation on the physical beauty of women gets in the way of seeing their inner beauty. hal and his equally shallow friend, mauricio jason alexander, spend their nights obnoxiously hitting on beautiful, sexy women at nightclubs. and mostly they end up getting rejected. hal's work life is steady, but he is dismayed after being passed over for a long-slot promotion. his love life is non-existent, as seen when he tries to ask jill susan ward, his attractive neighbor, out for a date. jill is not interested, as she finds hel too shallow and she is not attracted to him. hal becomes trapped in an elevator with life coach tony robbins. while waiting for the elevator to be fixed, robbins sympathizes with hal's disappointment, but tries to figure out his ideas about women. he hypnotizes hell into only seeing a person's inner beauty. hal does not realize he's been hypnotized and later meets rosemary, gwyneth paltrow, daughter of the president of the company where he is employed. rosemary is morbidly obese, but house sees a slender and beautiful trophy blonde. he is immediately smitten by her. used to being overlooked due to her appearance, rosemary initially interprets hal's interest as mockery, but begins to realize his feelings for her are sincere. they begin to date, which includes a bike ride with hal's friend, walt renee kirby, who has spina bifida. mauricio, worried about hal's new taste in women, convinces robbins to give him the trigger phrase to undo the hypnosis, which is shallow. hal wants a gal. while on a date in a restaurant, rosemary tells how she's been asked by the peace corps to go on a 14-month mission in kiribati. mauricio phones hal and says the trigger phrase breaking howl's hypnosis. mauricio confesses to how the truth about robin's hypnotherapy, but hal does not believe it, until he runs into a woman who initially appeared beautiful to him, but whom hal now sees in her true, physically unattractive state. hal begins to avoid rosemary, who becomes depressed without him around, distraught that he was not seeing the real rosemary. hal accepts a dinner invitation from jill. the two dine together, and jill tells hal that she has observed him overcoming his shallow nature and is interested in dating him. now hal realizes his true feelings for rosemary, who has coincidentally arrived at the same restaurant with her family and sees hal and jill sitting together, assuming the worst, rosemary leaves in tears, not recognizing rosemary. hal walks right by her on his way to a pay phone to call her and reassure her of his feelings. confused and distraught, rosemary calls hala psycho over the phone and effectively breaks up with him. five days later, steve informs hel that rosemary's peace corps partner, ralph, wants to be in a relationship with her again. hal attempts to find rosemary, but instead encounters a young patient named cadence at the hospital where rosemary volunteers. previously. due to robin's hypnosis, hal saw cadence as a perfect little girl. he now sees that there are severe burns all over cadence's face. inspired by cadence, hal changes his views on the physical appearances of people in general. hal, during his search for rosemary, finds that mauricio had his own reason for stopping hal's hypnosis. he has an inoperable vestigial tale, which has prevented him from ever getting close to a woman. mauricio confesses he was envious of hal's happiness and is afraid to start a relationship with a woman. hal convinces mauricio to accept his abnormality with confidence. hal makes up with mauricio and decides to reconcile with rosemary. he heads to the peace corps recruiting office and confronts rel believing he and rosemary got back together. ralph informs how that he and rosemary are not together, and that rosemary's parents are throwing her a farewell party, and ralph wasn't invited. hal, mauricio, ralph and ralph's friend lee boy arrive at the home of rosemary's parents. rosemary initially rebuffs hal's presence, but then accepts his apology when hal professes his love for her. rosemary informs how she is still leaving on her peace corps mission house says he is coming too, having just been sworn into the peace corps by lee boy hal and rosemary reconcile, cheered by the crowd. as they kiss, he tries to carry her bridal style to the car, but finds he cannot lift her. moved by his gesture and effort, she triumphantly carries him instead. as they drive off, mauricio meets a woman who loves dogs, and the two walk off together as he wags his tail. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 