hey guys. explanation pro is here. today i'll explain a horror disaster movie titled bugs. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. it's an unbelievable night. a ship is in the center of the sea, and the waves wing the ship. there's a scientist inside this boat who is developing a bug. his invention, for his purpose, is very much to be produced. fortunately, his creature succeeds, but later, the insect gets out of the tube. the scientist bravely finds a queen bug, and he instantly picks it up. when he sees it, he is so happy about his creation that he takes the bee in his hand, but the queen bug sadly devours him. the queen bug does became large and continues to reproduce continuously till the entire ship gets full. because the ship are now packed with bugs. these bugs spring off the ship and spread over the sea. in the next scene, a girl named faye wakes up zhang in order to share a picture. the picture reveals the pilot is with a girl wearing a bikini while operating the airplane. zhang starts approaching the pilot, but the girl argues that they have to leave them and do their thing. but zhang discloses, on the other hand, that he previously recognized this image. her joke is torn down, and the subject swiftly changes. zhang's seat mate is asking him to borrow the magazine. this grown-up man is surprised by the photos inside the magazine. he finds it astonishing. as there are many sexy girls. zhang shares his ability how to take it, and that behind such aesthetic pictures is an excellent photographer, which is him. zhang and his assistant, fey, make their way to the seaside resort. zhang meets his editor there. he begins to inform his friend about the surprise proposal, and his buddy agrees to it to support his plan. not long afterward, a young lady named mai chi is on the phone when the bug emerges from the sink. this girl is shocked and attempts to kill it, and subsequently asks her grandfather for assistance. her grandfather notices the insect and sprays it. however, he later picks it up despite its strange appearance. the reason behind this is because his grandfather is an insect collector. he magnifies the insect to examine it closely, but the creature attacks him and flees to reclaimed sink. zhang's buddy is enroute to deliver the cart of food. the doorbell rings when zhang and fei are snuggling and kissing each other. zhang raises to open the door and inquires about the presence of the ring and convinces his friend to step outside. but his friend is ecstatic to witness the surprise. as a result, his companion continues to ring the doorbell to encourage jang to let him join. and to their luck, faye is still taking a shower before they are apprehended. ultimately, his friend stops and zhang hides the ring as they proceed to the show. the show is now running. kevin is taking advantage of his privileges in order to befriend the stunning girls. however, zhang enters the picture to interview kevin. while zhang is posing his questions, kevin becomes distracted when mai chi begins speaking in front of the audience. she is overjoyed to be part of that event. everyone cheers and screams as she speaks. while everyone is in grass of the show, the thief begins destroying the cctv system in order to avoid detection. when they successfully wreck it, they nip into every room and grab any money or valuables they can get, while disguising as a cleaner. maiji is savoring her moment beneath an umbrella when kevin approaches her and strikes up a conversation. kevin expresses all his goods and requests an interview on the boat, which maiji agrees because, according to her, it is part of her job. when everybody is having a good time, grooving to the beat of the music, drinking various alcohol beverages, loud the fat teeth is on the verge of death, an insect comes out of his nose when he spits, and shocks him because the creature has begun devouring his flesh. meanwhile, everyone is maximizing their happiness at the party and unaware of the impending arrival of the bugs. the bugs continue to spread and will eventually result in a tsunami. the pleasant location has been flipped, the majority of them ripped apart and bitten by bugs. the once beautiful beach has devolved into horrific sea of blood. at this time, everyone is scrambling to protect themselves and flee from the bugs. zhang fey and others manage to hide in a room. but the bugs are so desperate to consume them all. so the bugs create a hole and finally begin devouring them. but a gentleman fires the hole, which causes the bugs to burn. kevin maichi and their associates are having a good time aboard. only on a lovely girl notices a ship. in the midst of their revelry, everyone is taken aback by the rustic ship. kevin becomes thirsty and called the attention of the editor, who he addresses as dick. he directs him to board the ship and procure some liquor. dick is not comfortable obtaining it because there is no other way to get there except by swimming. however, kevin continues to insist on it, and dick remains loyal to kevin. in the next scene, the bugs continue to multiply in the hotel. the hotel quickly becomes infested with bugs. but a gentleman puts an end to it prior to the ascending, he plays a gas canister and finally threw a lighter, resulting in a large fire in the hotel currently, a numerous bug is on fire and eventually died. because they are dead, the individuals hiding in the room immediately leave. zhang, on the other hand, notices a burnt man in a red box. this box contains his wedding ring, which he takes and hides in his pocket. dick is still on the lookout for beverages within the ship, and during his quest, he comes upon several drinks, which he gathers. he's ready to depart the ship when he is snatched by the queen bug, who eventually devours him. kevin is concerned about dick's absence. as a result, he invites his colleagues to accompany him on the ship. while kevin is hunting for dick, he comes across a can of beer and consumes it. and after he continues his search, he discovers the queen insect. while looking at first, he assumed it was dick. he continues to shout out nick's name and hurled a can of beer. but to a surprise, it is not dick he is calling, but the queen bug. as a result, he flees as swiftly as possible. and the queen bug pursues him. however, the queen bug is faster than him, and as a result, he is devoured. meanwhile, maichi and her colleagues notice a noise coming from the ship's interior. they first didn't mind it, but maichi is genuinely concerned about kevin, so she excuses herself from her colleagues to pursue kevin. she encounters the queen bug during her hunt and flees in haste to avoid being stung. fortunately, maiji notices a room. she flings it open and shut. however, she is too frightened, which causes her to scream. the queen bug locates her and attempts to open the door. however, the queen bug is unable to open it, which is why it cracks a glass and extends its tongue to pursue her. however, she is extremely fortunate, since the queen bug becomes bored and discards her inside the room. zhang's colleagues are scurrying the ship for survivors. they come across a queen bug while investigating the ship. they sprint as quickly as they can till they get dispersed. at this moment, the queen bug notices jang and face hiding location, and immediately begins chasing them. and unfortunately, the queen bug gets a chance to capture faye's foot. out of love for faye, zhang bravely searches for anything that can save fae. he notices a medal and rapidly stabs a queen bug, making it feeble. they believed they were already safe, but the queen bug managed to remove the medal and began chasing them. grandpa enters the scene at this point. he is fortunate to find maiji inside the room. while searching for her, however, grandpa hears a sound and pursues it. he notices the queen bug at this point, and swiftly gets the axe to stab it. however, grandpa is unable to eliminate it, and the queen bug fights back against grandpa. still, he is fortunate because another man enters the scenario and begins killing it with a gun. faye courageously assists the guy in fighting it with a chainsaw. but due to her inexperience in using it, she fails to cut the queen bug. since no bullets remain, they decide to escape fast. they notice a ladder on the ship's second deck, and they quickly ascend. however, the queen bug reached them. at this point, everyone is in a state of fear. they are on the verge of giving up hope of conquering the queen bug. but fortunately, maichi believes that electrifying the queen bug will eliminate it. while maichi and zhang arranged the live wire, fae uses the chainsaw to distract it bravely. however, as zhang begins electrifying the queen bug, but eventually got removed from the outlet because the wire is too short. the queen bug is on the verge of pursuing them. but fey is truly courageous. she successfully cuts the queen bug's body with the chainsaw. finally, the queen bug has been harmed and is unable to pursue and swallow human flesh. they are now preparing to disembark from the ship. however, zhang takes this opportunity to propose to fey. ultimately, fey is taken aback by the proposal, but she requests that zhang should make it more romantic. she wishes to do it in a manner in which a man proposes to his wife, like in romantic films, because jan generally desires to pursue fae. so he does her request, following that. fay's heart is flustering at the moment. she lost control at this point, and she expresses her joy by sprinting all over the ship quickly. her dash appears to be like flash in a superhero film. she is delightful in a way that words cannot explain. the film concludes with maiji bandaging her father's wounds. and fate continues to push zhang to be more romantic in fixing the ring on her hand. fae wishes for a better conclusion for her videos, for the sake of her followers happiness. but the queen bugged, soon ascends to meet them again, and the story ended. this film is directed by yangjia, starring excellent actors and actresses, shiasito, zhang, celine, eric wang and spinkstein. the plot of this film is a typical type of film that existed in the early 1990s. already, its genre is the usual disaster that we could anticipate, the death of many. but what makes it outstanding is that they added a twist to make it new. although the genre is a 3d science fiction disaster thriller. it contains elements of comedy and romance that truly capture the audience's hearts. zhang and fei, a professional photographer, are fortunate to survive the queen bug attack, and as a result, zhang takes the opportunity to make his proposal following the disaster. faye manages to make light of their situation, even though many people have died due to multiplying bugs that are on the verge of devouring them. at first, our minds will focus on the thrilling sensation in watching the torturing and killing of a large number of people. we had no way of knowing whether zhang's plans would succeed. a different ending could pop up into our mind. but still, the ending is still absurd. that leaves an open door for any conclusion, or might be a continuation of this film. however, the film plots an excellent story and succeeds in incorporating a variety of genres. unlike other films, which tends to focus exclusively on one or two genres, this one is unique. it nailed and made a mark in the movie history. thank you so much for watching if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 