are you? I'm hairstyle. I hear you've been looking for God preacher, guys, I owe you a huge apology, because I totally dropped the ball on preacher season two. but I have a good excuse. see, I went to hell a few weeks back, and it took me some time to escape with Eugene and Hitler. actually, I was just on vacation. but either way, I'm really sorry, and I'm here for good to finish off season two. remember, if you enjoy these breakdowns, do me a favor and hit like and also subscribe, because we have more than just preacher. we also have Rick and Morty, Twin Peaks, and we're still talking about Game of Thrones, even though season seven is over. alright, first things first, I'm going to go back and talk about episodes 9 and 10 in this video, and later in the week I will talk about episode 11. I want to make sure we cover everything. so let's start a couple weeks back. also, warning, spoilers ahead. there are some comic book references that I'll talk about. and as always, hit me up on Twitter at Ryan Eric P or in the comments below, and let me know anything that I may have missed or any other questions you might have? so episode 9 was titled puzzle pieces, and it was action-packed. it began with a flashback to Jesse's childhood, when his father was killed in front of him. I know comic book fans will agree with me, it's awesome to get some more flashbacks of Jesse's childhood and his upbringing whenever we can. but in the present day, jesse has seemingly exhausted all of his resources in a search for God, so he turns to Google. if you look closely, team preacher seems to be fans of Godzilla as well. nice little touch. there no surprise here. there's still a whole lot of tension amongst jesse, tulip and cassidy. jesse has warned them both out with his obsession with God. and adding to the drama, Jesse uses Genesis to force tulip to sleep. this happens just one episode after he declined to help Cassidy with Dennis. obviously, Cassidy is not happy. she was tired. yeah. one of the most memorable moments from this episode, and season two in whole, was the Samson units first person shooter raid on Dennis's apartment. it's a tense, action-packed sequence, devoid of any extra music or sound. unfortunately for the guys in white, they stood no chance against Jesse and two vampires. that's right, we all suspected it. Cassidy gave Dennis the gift of eternal life. also, Jesse uses Genesis again to turn the unit against themselves. later on, he commands a bunch of cops to help defend them from another Grail attack. for someone that was so conservative with his powers for a few episodes this season, Jesse goes a little overboard this episode. they're not gonna stop next time. there'll be more coming soon. at this time we'll be ready for them. later on, when tulip finds out that Jesse used his power on her, she is rightly pissed off. their relationship was already a little bit rocky, and Jesse continues to make it a whole lot worse. it's a bit of a deviation from the comic books, where their relationship is on a much more solid foundation. and how about our favorite bad guy, hair star? well, early on, he wasn't convinced of Jesse's powers, but he soon shows interest after looking over Jesse's files and we get another nod to Angel Ville as star looks through a pamphlet in Jesse's file. now let's talk about that no means yes. thing that happened in this episode. that's right, hair star gets raped by male prostitutes thanks to a miscommunication by Hoover. believe it or not, this actually does happen in the comic books, but it's a much more traumatizing experience for hair star than it was here in the TV show. he seems more annoyed and bored, until he has a Eureka moment and finds his missing puzzle piece, the missing more on that in the next episode. so Harris star decides not to use Brad to kill Jesse Custer and his friends, and instead, he aborts the mission. a funny moment here when the missile actually targets New Orleans native Harry Connick jr. becoming the second celebrity killed off by the show, after Tom Cruise blew up way back in season 1. adding to the joke, they fittingly used Connick Jr's song the preacher in the next scene, as the news report confirmed his death. this one goes out to the singer, actor and talk show goes dead at 49. so following episode 9, I only have one question for you. do you like cats? no, no, no, no, nope. neither do. i more of a dog person. slow with me, guys. let's move on to episode 10, which is titled dirty little secret. and this episode featured the ballsiest called open in preacher history. that's right, Jesus loses his virginity. at least that's the line he used. later on in the episode, we get to see the birth of his illegitimate son and the origins of the Grail. blasphemous for sure, but that's the world that Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon created with the comic books. back into present-day hair, star tells Jesse all about the Grail and the organization's dedication to protect Christ's lineage. see, when the end of the world comes, we're all gonna need a Savior. we'll get to this Messiah a little bit later on. Jesse again uses Genesis to find out where God is, but star is also unsure of his whereabouts. ultimately, he convinces Jesse to join him at the grilles in New Orleans, headquarters. that's where Jesse meets the Pope and the Archbishop of Canterbury. clearly, the Grail has serious connections, but it turns out that no one has any clue where God is. the biggest moment of this episode comes much later, when Jesse finally meets the Messiah. that's right, he's Jesus Christ's twenty-fifth great grandson. and just like in the comic books, he is living proof of why imbrie ting is horrible. the Messiah goes by the name humper do in the TV show, which was one of his catchphrases from the comic books. I hope I do. that's right. I hope I do. good boy. oh, and Jesse's soon finds out that he likes to pee on people, which also happens in the books. another reference that comic book fans might have noticed is when Jesse and star arrive at the secret compound, the old father didn't to expect it's a pleasant surprise. the all-father that the man is most likely referring to is, of course, all-father dr anique. from the books, he was the extremely overweight, formal leader of the grail that wasn't much a fan of Jesse Northstar. I don't want to give away any more spoilers on his role in the comic books right now, because I believe there's a very good chance we're gonna get introduced to this character in the near future. finally, one huge hint that was revealed during the sequence, the drawings that humper do was working on, they looked like an awfully familiar looking Dalmatian from earlier this season. so was that really God underneath that costume? good idea, preacher, man. you had your chance. let's go. y'all to get out of your freaks. you don't know what what's happening with tulip? well, she's becoming quite close to a disguised Featherstone. it started with Featherstone lending tulip Irgun, than a shared breakfast of pancakes and a couple games of rock band. by the way, the song that tulip is playing is dirty little secrets, the episodes title, of course, by the group All American Rejects. even more, the band's lead vocalist and bass guitarist is Tyson Ritter. he also plays Jesus and Hum Purdue in this episode. now, as fun as this hang session might have been, Featherstone and the grails motive here is obvious they'll do anything to divide team preacher. ultimately, this comes to a head at the end of the episode when tulip finds the saint of killers guns that Jesse hid underneath the bathroom floor. her relationship with Jesse was already on the rocks, but it's safe to say that she doesn't trust him much anymore. episode 10 ends with Jesse and star driving back from their time with the Messiah. star finally reveals his plan for Jesse to replace the inept Messiah with someone that could actually become the world Savior. and since God is nowhere to be found, Jesse should be the one to take his place. final thing I want to touch on here is Cassidy and Dennis. it's clear that Dennis cannot be controlled. with his newfound powers and his thirst for blood as a vampire. it's gonna be extremely sad when Cassidy has to put down his own son, but it's bound to happen. an interesting side note here is this whole thing might have been avoided had Jesse just agreed to help Cassidy. again, the friendship between these three characters is on shaky ground. guys. thanks again for watching this. video, and for sticking with us. even though I missed a few episodes. I do appreciate the continued support. and once again, look out for episode 11s breakdown, coming later this week. hit me up with any comments or questions that you might have had, anything else you noticed from episodes 9 &amp; 10? I'll see you soon. 