[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka, the guy that's here to fill you in on agents of shield. now, that was a button. the third episode of the final season has just dropped, and throughout this video, we're going to be going over what happens in it and what our theories are for the future, or rather past. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the show yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe for breakdowns on the season week by week. without the way, thank you for clicking this. let's get into our recap of episode 3. okay, so episode 3 takes place in 1955. the agents are journeying to area 51, aka a shield base, in order to stop the chronic comms from destroying the group. and it leads to one of the funniest episodes ever. we open with a couple star gazing near groom Lake. and it turns out they're on a lookout for a UFO, but get something much better, the Zephyr coming out the timestream. groom lake is actually a real world salt flat in Nevada that's used as a runway even today. it stands as part of the area 51 installation, and is approximately 11 miles wide. don't worry, guys, we got you when it comes to Lake facts. yeah. now, coupled with this location is a brand new 50s inspired logo that has a hint of an alien TV show due to the music that accompanies it. right after this, we cut to the two surviving Khurana comps as they meet with the villain of this season, the predictor. I don't know that's their actual name, but that's what they're called. and it does sound comic-book e-enough. so yeah, we're gonna go with it. lip service is given to a machine called Helios, which we learn in the episode is an ion fusion reactor. in the marble world. this may be a reference to either the character Helios, aka the father of Circe, from the Eternals, or The Olympian that was the son of the original Titans. on top of this, Helios was the god of the Sun in ancient myths. and the name hence out what the machine is capable of. back on the Zephyr Mac and Daisy have a back-and-forth over the latter deciding to give an assassination order last week to deke. if you watched our recap of ever - then you'll know that we found this quite jarring and out of character for Daisy. so I'm glad they pulled it up. it did seem like a stupid thing to do, as Daisy could potentially even stop herself from existing, or at the very least being part of shield. she still seems adamant that she was doing the right thing. and it honestly seems like she's gonna be a bit of a problem on the missions, as everyone is sort of of the same mindset, except for her. it feels like we kind of lost the Daisy we know and love. but she does get a moment to reference her old self, as when they mention area 51 being a shield base, she talks about the conspiracies being right. before joining shield, she actually used to unearth classified information and would release it to the public as part of a group known as rising tide. turns out she was right about everything. and yeah, I thought this line was a nice little callback to the good old days. they can't just stand around on the Zephyr forever, though. and they journey out to a diner called the flying rocket. I couldn't find an actual location for this, but it may be a reference to the area 51 alien center diner that currently exists out there. the group are here to get Gerald sharp in order to use his ID. and throughout the episode, they questioned him over what's going on in the base. Coulson and Simmons journey out there with a ladder, going under the guise of none other than agent Peggy Carter. in order to catch the chronic calm, they need to trigger an emotional response. and this leads to some of the funniest questioning I've ever seen. it is John Wayne asked how the word moist, moist makes someone feel. and go through the scientists without finding the machine to make things worse. agent Sousa arrives on the scene, and you may remember him from agents of Carter. Sousa was a love interest for Peggy. but as we know, she just couldn't get over that star spangled man with a plan. it seems like Sousa couldn't get over here either, by that long gaze he has at the back of her head. and I'm sure that that brings back memories that the back of her head. in all Sousa, discovers Simmons, and quickly the guise is dropped after she realizes who he is, and she gets arrested back on board the ship. Mae continues to act very strangely, adding more way to the possibility that she's actually possessed by isael. I can't believe that they have an isolated her. yes, something is clearly going on with her, and she did die. so, yeah, it's gonna be interesting to see what developments there are with the character Mackin yo. yo then start to interrogate shop, and they quickly realize he's got a black-and-white view of the world, and decided that they're gonna have to use deke to get the answers out of him. is it because I is white? yeah, probably probably not the best time you'd be doing them jokes. anyway, shop doesn't give too much away, but he does slip on Helios and explains that it doesn't work because it can't pick up enough velocity. however, a chronic calm would be able to provide this. and it becomes clear they want to set off Helios like a bomb in order to destroy a vast majority of shield. Daisy also explains her thinking behind ordering dicta kill Freddie last week. and yeah, again, it just feels a bit stupid. Daisy might even be a chronic calm herself, like, I'm not even kidding. well, I am. but she just wants to help the machines complete their goal. by the looks of it, I'm still not really feeling her character this season, as it just seems a bit jarring to me when compared with the other entries in the series. I know from the comments last week that people disagree with me, but yeah, it just doesn't seem like she's a good person to have on the mission if this is the way that she's gonna operate. any way, she comes across a picture of Sousa and realizes that there's gonna be an issue on the base. at the location, Sousa goes after Colson, who fanboys out a bit over him, and Daisy disguises herself as a CIA agent. I love that Sousa is already kind of aware of Hydra infiltrating shield. and this, of course, has been a big pop point in other seasons. and of course, the Winter Soldier The Chronicles enact that plan. and may in yo-yo join Daisy on the base disguised as pilots. they talk about female pilots, and I think that this may actually be a reference to Captain Marvel. using two gas canisters, they throw them into the room to see who doesn't react. and I found this a bit ironic, as Mae has been reacting very weirdly throughout the season. he didn't even react to seeing Coulson back. and though she does react to when everything hits the fan, something is definitely up with her. Sousa takes Daisy to Coulson and Simmons and says that the latter had the worst fake accent he's ever heard. now, I'm probably looking into this too deeply, but this might actually be a nod to how Elizabeth Henstridge is from Sheffield, whereas Haley Atwell is from London. it's just subtle differences. you know, one would only spy if you are from England. you'll see. now, the tricks souza and lock him in their cell, and may has an adverse reaction to what's going on. yo-yo isn't much use either, and Helios activates. to make things worse, sharp escapes his chair and stumbles into the ship, seeing all of the high-tech equipment firsthand, Mack knocks him out, whilst the bass goes into Red Alert. and Gemma realizes that you can use the EMP that the scientist told her about, and the group go head-to-head with the chronic comms at several locations on the base. it's a really good action scene that makes the final 15 minutes of this episode fly by. and I think it's probably been the best one this season. Sousa escapes his cell and joins them in the fight, seeing firsthand the chronic common action. simmons manages to use the EMP, which shuts down the chronic comms, but it also takes Coulson down with them too. now you may have seen the Simmons's and lmd fan theories flowing around online, and we even talked about them last week. I did say that I didn't think Simmons was one. and here using an EMP and and it disabling the chronic comms, to me at least, does cement that she is still indeed the real Simmons. we don't see what happens to her? and she isn't really in the preview for next week, so discuss that all below. but I am leaning more towards the conspiracy theories being wrong. Coulson starts to reboot, or he shuts down even further. but I would lean more towards the former. in the end, stinger, Mack and deke convinced shop that he was part of an alien abduction, and says that he has to keep what's gone on a secret. he doesn't, but everyone thinks he's crazy. anyway, so the timeline is preserved. he runs into the diner from the beginning of the episode and starts spouting off about alien commies from the future. and this is where the episode title comes from. that closes out this entry. and for the rest of the video, I will be discussing the trailer for next week. so if you don't anything runed, then now's your time to turn off. I had a comment on the last video saying not to jump right into discussing the following episode. so my bad. and yet, this is your chance to check out. you're still here. then it seems like Coulson ended up going back online. and we are getting a full black and white episode. Colson's I did turn black and white just before he rebooted. so it is possible that this is the reason why we're seeing the show this way. in it, the group discussed the day that agent Sousa was murdered, and he decided instead to save him. now, in order to stop the timeline from being messed up anymore, they would instead need to take him out of it on the day that he was supposed to have died. this may end up involving swapping out his real body with an LM D. I'm placing this at the crime scene. Sousa could then travel through time with the agents, and we may sort of get a reverse Captain America motif cap, of course, went back in time to live out the life he never had with Peggy. so who knows, Sousa could end up going to the future to live out the life that he should have got with Skye. I don't know why I keep his shipping his Daisy and Sousa, but yeah, let the man have some happiness, please. anyway, I think that this was the strongest episode of the season, and I'm really enjoying this final run-through time. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the 3rd episode. so make sure you comment below and let me know you enjoyed this video. then please drop a thumbs up. and if you missed our analysis of the second episode, then make sure you check it out after this. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and there's a thank you. you get access to content early. you're gonna come chat to us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, will click the discord link in the description below. every month we would give away free movies to people are subscribe to the channel. and this Monty can win the Marvel phase three, part two box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the cell be shipped out from there to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. [Music] you. [Music] 