Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed-up shit! Today we are looking at Pulse released in 2001 directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa. Kurosawa brings us a ghost story in which two young and lonely individuals are contacted and haunted by spiritual phenomena that uses the internet or technology in general as an outlet! Now honestly this isn't the kind of disturbing that we usually dive into, but it's a little disturbing in its own way. Another reason we are talking about Pulse today is because we are doing our first collaboration with another channel! We are lucky enough to be able to cover Pulse alongside Cinema Nippon, the channel that creates critical reviews of various Japanese films. We would both love it if after you see this video, you could check out their installment of Pulse to view an excellent explanation of Kiyoshi Kurosawa, the film and what Kurosawa was communicating beneath the frames. So, Pulse is a ghost horror story contemplating eternal loneliness! As usual, if you want to see what happens, including all the messed-up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown! Pulse begins with people on a ship! A storm seems to be on the way, but this girl here stares blankly in the distance. Let's start from the beginning with what she is contemplating. That girl is named Kudo Michi, and she works alongside Sasano Junko and Toshio Yabe. They work with someone else too, but he didn't come to work today! Or in the past week! He's been taking some time off, and Junko is quite worried! Their coworker Taguchi is working on a computer disk and they need it soon, so our main girl Michi decides to roll up to his apartment to check on him! Pretty empty bus, and environment in general! Fine ass Michi walks up on Taguchi's door but looks like the entire room needs to be restarted! No answer, so she finds his spare key and lets herself in and gathers evidence for the upcoming class trial. I mean she's looking for the computer disk and her coworker but looks like he's cryptically taking a view out the window! Other than being a little awkward, he seems to be just fine and lets her know the computer disk is on the desk over there, but where did he go this time? Michi fine ass seems to have some good intuition to know things is pretty weird around her all the time! She looks around for Taguchi again, but this time she finds him...hanging! He killed himself pretty quick and without resistance. Of course the police are called! Probably hoping this isn't another Suicide Club in the making! Actually, this came out before that movie! Despite their coworker killing himself, things go back to normal for everybody but Michi. They all decide to take a look at the computer disc that Taguchi was working on. They find a image of him standing...eerily! On his monitor is a exact copy of the picture they are looking at, and in the monitor on the left is a face but I'm surprised they even saw that. Look! The main point is that something strange is going on! It seems to follow Michi's fine ass all the way to her flat! Causing her TV to glitch.. She was pretty exhausted from turning it off though! Look, we can see things are going weird for Michi and her coworkers regarding Taguchi's suicide and that computer disc, but that's not the only ghostly thing going on! Elsewhere, a economics major named Ryosuke Kawashima is signing up for a new internet service! Once he's all signed up, instead of possibly connecting with others or whatever, his screen goes black. It again shows some random footage that he can skip through. It then asks him if he would like to meet a ghost! Kawashima's response is surprising though! I thought he would be like, "Well why not!". While sleeping, his computer turns itself on and shows footage of someone sitting in a mask. Seems like a lot of those story-time videos are like this. So Kawashima is not comfortable with computers, so he goes to the computer science department to see what's going on! I'm surprised he cared that much. A post grad student named Harue Karasawa decides to tell him how to save the web-page where the video popped up either by bookmarking it or print screen capture. Since her last name is pretty similar to Kawashima, I'll just call her by her first name Harue. Now, back to Michi and her friends. Yabe was the other guy who worked along side Michi. One day he gets a call. A disembodied voice asking for help! On his phone is the same image that he saw on the computer disc, so he takes part in the same trip Michi did and goes to Taguchi's room, the guy who killed himself. He finds a crumpled-up note saying The Forbidden Room. He also sees a black shadow mark where Taguchi's body was, which also becomes Taguchi for a split second. When he leaves, he comes across a room sealed off by red tape. I'd say that these rooms could possibly be a portal in some ways to the other realm. Now listen, Yabe comes cross a creepy spirit in black. You see I would have been down the block by now and probably would have missed her undulate and move like that! Hiding from the ghost isn't exactly the smartest decision to make in this situation and it supposedly grabs a hold of Yabe. He survives, but he becomes pretty withdrawn and distant from going into that closed off room. Speaking of, Michi sees some random lady in red taping down a door. Maybe those are the Forbidden Rooms. So now lets go back to Kawashima's experience. If you remember, his computer is plaguing him with random footage. He tries to bookmark the page and screen capture but nothing works out! He angrily and fearfully unplugs his computer when the figure in the videos begins to take his mask off. He goes back to the computer science department to ask for help and runs into his favorite girl. Harue offers to come to his place to check it out. Man you really should have picked up your room before she came in. Now as soon as she checks out his computer, she starts getting cryptic. She thinks that Kawashima got on the internet to connect with others! However she believes that individuals don't really connect, and are most often separate from others. Okay again, we are back with Michi. Pretend we are switching characters like GTA 5. Michi is having trouble trying to talk to Yabe after he visited the sealed off room. He's quite withdrawn and lost the will to live after encountering the ghost. One crazy part though is that while just walking home, Michi sees the lady in red who was taping up a door. The lady jumps from a silo all the way to her loud smack death! She handled that pretty well. I would have probably vomited or something. Alright we gotta switch characters again "(GTA Sound Effects). Oh look Kawashima is at a library. He's never been in hear before, cant even find the exit. He must be looking for his crush Harue. She's reading a book about phantoms though? She drags him to the computer science lab to show him a program a grad student worked on. Well she showed him before but this time the dots are acting more weird and ghostly. One thing for sure is that the haunted website and the program seems to be related. Look how hard Kawashima is blushing when Harue gives him her number. I don't even recall him asking I think he just got it like that. When being weird and awkward works out! Still! He goes back to the library to see what she was reading a phantom book, but right after closing it, he sees a dark apparition! A grad student, the same one who made that program, tells Kawashima that this is a normal occurrence. Dark ghosts are just all around! The grad student has a theory. Spirits are becoming apparent in our human world, because their spirit world has a finite amount of space. Therefore, spirits are overflowing into the human realm through various mediums, such as technology! We don't see the grad student again really. Okay we are switching characters again. Now if you remember Michi's situation, her coworker Yabe lost his will to live, and various people around are going missing. At one point, Michi gets a phone call asking for help. It's Yabe's spirit voice, but that must also mean he has died. It seems as if he literally just became the black stain. Doesn't look like he actually killed himself with anything other than just willing himself away. Now Michi only has one coworker left, Junko, but she already succumbs to the desire to check out the sealed off rooms. Michi runs in to save her from seeing a spirit, but Junko pushes her away and gets a strong whiff of ghost in her system. Regardless, Michi drags her friend out of that room! However, just like the other two Junko becomes withdrawn and hopeless. Michi has to take care of her and even feed her. At one moment she goes to the corner store on West Shichifuku street to buy some snacks. Y'all wont get that reference, but its very empty. It's like people are just vanishing in thin air, now that's disturbing. Missing cases like those are very spooky. The store didn't seem to have any employees in it, unless you count this demon hiding behind! Michi was so scared that she shoplifted and ran all the way back home. Honestly that was pretty hilarious. You said you didn't want to switch characters so soon? Too bad'. Back with Kawashima, he decided to hit Harue up but she didn't answer. So instead he goes straight to the lab. Looks like its been vandalized though! Possibly by some mean ass spirits. Anyway he tries her apartment next, but really she was acting weird in the rain. She\'s very crazed and concerned about "Them Disappearing" . Kawashima helps dry her off and get her to calm down and relax! She also confides with him an idea about life after death. Most people would like to think that once you die, you possibly get to spend the afterlife with your past relationships who are gone too, like family and friends. Most people don't consider that ghosts are lonely too, that they don't actually get to be with who they lived with. This is the idea that Harue is pondering and it literally makes the afterlife seem almost as hopeless as no afterlife at all. Well maybe that is pushing it, but I'm guessing my thinking is that the afterlife must be dark and barren in this film, and the only thing ghosts can do is overflow and affect people's thoughts. Now Kawashima is naively disregarding all that. He doesn't want to think about death and afterlife and loneliness in afterlife. He even suggests that in 10 years, they will have a pill that makes us all immortal. Ha! It's been twenty years and we still gotta teach grown people how to wash their hands. Back with Michi, she's having a hard time helping Junko, her coworker who walked into the ghostly portal room. She asks, "Am I going to die like this?". Honestly, she looks pretty dead already, but she states that she'll just keep on living then. Well that doesn't look like living to me, but what's the difference since we are both so lonely apparently. Her stain becomes particles that spread all around the room and eventually exit, and this leaves Michi all by herself. Michi calls her mother to confide in her, but she doesn't answer! She takes the initiative again and runs towards her mom. Now elsewhere, Kawashima is all alone at some game place. It's empty except for a few dark ghosts here and there. Maybe the ghosts and the humans should link up and go bar hopping. Soon he comes across Harue trashing plants and pottery for no reason. She's still pretty weird now but he gets through to her by saying that we should go somewhere far away! Like literally far away. The subway is the quickest way As usual there isn't anybody else around...but he reminds her that he is right there with her. That she isn't alone. It was a little cute, but soon the entire train stops in the middle of nowhere. Harue gets the strong compulsion to run all the way back home and she leaves Kawashima looking all over for her. Somehow she made it back in some unknown amount of time. She gets a front row seat to that video Kawashima was watching. She see's somebody take off the mask, and then shooting themselves in the head. Then quickly on the other monitor she can clearly see she's being projected. She seems to see the recorder but we don't, and she speaks to them saying that she is not alone! Pretty soon Kawashima breaks in to find her, but of course she isn't there at all! On the news, an announcer reads off several names of people gone missing all over the Kanto region! It's pretty dead and broken all over Tokyo. At one point Kawashima is just roaming around when he see's a car that died. In the car is...guess who... It's Michi! So our two individuals meet for the first time. They hit it off pretty well and he helps fix her car. They seem to be the only ones in the whole city! So regarding this whole loneliness thing, Michi asks Kawashima to ride along with her! She even helps him find the missing Harue at her flat but she isn't there. Michi however looks out the window and notices an abandoned factory and they both decide to check it out. That's pretty interesting! So they actually do randomly find Harue at the warehouse but she has a bag over her head like the ghostly people in those videos! She doesn't look like she plans on killing herself! Oops, look like I spoke to soon, and so Harue is gone. It leaves Kawashima and Michi alone together. Until they run out of gas. Kawashima is then compelled to go in a Forbidden Room when getting the gas, and he sees a ghost like all the others. The thing about Kawashima though is that he rejects seeing the ghost and the isolation it projects, but that fails very quickly. Unlike Michi's last two coworkers though, Kawashima exits the room by himself and Michi finds him knowing he went in there. She finds him crouched on the ground in front of a black stain, and drags him back to the car. They make their way through an abandoned city! It looks like a whole invasion happened. I guess the underworld have dipped into the human realm extremely by this point in the film. They both have this goal of getting as far away from Japan as possible and drive to the pier to get into a random boat that so happens to be there. When getting keys for the boat, we see how lots of people probably died! This special will to die due to contact from the Isolated energies beyond this world. Also a US Plane is crashing for some reason. Anyway they get in the boat and drive away. Kawashima is willing despite being depressed and hopeless. And so that is how we get to this point at the beginning of the movie. Michi and Kawashima were picked up by a ship going all the way to Latin America. The movie ends as Michi sits with Kawashima in his last moments, in which he slowly becomes a black stain like the others. This time was different though, and Michi feels as if she has done the right thing...and has finally found some happiness! The end credits song slaps too! Anyway that was our first ghost film, which follows that trend of other ghosts films like RIngu..I really love these early 2000's Japanese horror films. Anyway, now that we felt the Pulse, lets talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky Stuff, cue the Gohan! Okay to be honest I'm sort of speechless. I'm asking myself what to make of this movie and its themes of eternal loneliness and the role of the internet in drifting us apart. Still, whether it was Michi's experiences surrounding the Forbidden Room's or Kawashima's experience surrounding the internet, it still begs to question how important connections are and the necessity they carry. The folks over at Cinema Nippon will dive deep into that abstract question, so make sure you check out their video in the I at the top right. So lets get into it. The most disturbed moment is quite seriously maybe when that lady in red fell down. Other than that the whole depression cases just from viewing ghost is kind of alarming too. At the same time, this film isn't trying to unnerve us in that extreme kind of way. Most enjoyed moment is usually picked during a break from all the sad and hectic things. That break was seen at the end when Michi found some kind of solace at the end. Other than that the credits song slapped pretty good! And that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Me and Cinema Nippon were organizing and communicating about this video for a couple months and they worked pretty hard on their take, so if you want to truly dive into this film and see their excellent understanding of this abstract film, make sure you click on that video right here! They also cover plenty Japanese films regardless of genre so you should check them out! Again, thank's for watching, SPOOKY OUT! 