[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka mr. marvel, and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to with Marvel. phase three soon coming to an end. fans of the MCU are hotly anticipating the next wave of the franchise. this includes Black Panther 2, which, after the first film, is looking set to smash all kind of box office and critical records. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the news that Michael B Jordan is set to return as kill monger, as well as giving my opinion on how the franchise may do this. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you're one of the 10 people that haven't seen Black Panther and don't know kill mongers fate yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my black panther 2 casting news. lover, hate him, you have to admit that kill manga was probably the biggest talking point of 2018 s Black Panther. Michael B Jordan, who played the character, even went on to win Best Villain at the MTV Movie Awards, becoming the only person to actually beat Dallas that year. however, in the finale of the film, the character was killed off after he was bested by the titular character. but that doesn't mean that he's out of the running just yet, according to Roger Waddell, who successfully, depending on how you look at it, leaked endgame to the masses, as stated that B Jordan will be returning to the film. this has been backed up by Angela Bassett, who played Romande at the Screen Actors Guild Awards. when asked if everyone was set to return to the film, Bassett stated, I would assume so, which was backed up by her husband, Courtney B bands, who said, yes, just go ahead and say it, yes. everyone will be there. just yes. yes. when asked to clarify if this meant kill monger, Bassett stated, we didn't technically see him go into the ocean, no. with fans following up and saying, including Michael B Jordan. so it looks like Mykleby is pretty much set to make a big return to the movie. however, I actually don't think that the character will be alive. kill manga was so adamant that he would rather die at the end of the film, that have pretty much confirmed his fate for me. so how else could the character return? well, whilst his reign was short-lived, kill manga was still king of Wakanda, and therefore he will be present in the spiritual plane alongside the rest of the rulers of the nation. thus it's a pretty safe bet to assume that he will appear here, perhaps casting doubt into Jerez mind over which course of action to take. I can definitely see this being the case, and I think would make for an awesome scene in the film. obviously, I love to hear your thoughts on this news. and if you think it will happen or not, comment below and let me know. and if you love this video, 3000, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my fan theory video on how old Steve Rogers was a piggy, caused funeral and Captain America's Civil War, which would be linked at the end. I'm really sorry if my voice sounds horrendous in this video. I've got tonsillitis, the thing, so I'm sorry. if I'm not my usual chirpy self, but yeah, please send your prayers and wishes, because my throat is color right now. so thank you. if you manage to sit through this entire video. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 