these people who just got flung out of the plane and died on impact. are the lucky ones. trying to survive being kidnapped by head hunting cannibals in the middle of the amazon raid forest is a formidable challenge. do you think you could survive? i'll be breaking down the mistakes made and explaining what you should do and why you wouldn't survive the great inferno. we start off with justine staring at a handsome and charismatic leader of the local activist group. his girlfriend, cara, is jealous of the intention and gets justine to back off, who is determined to join up with the activists. in one of her classes, she learns about female genital mutilation and announces to everyone her dad is a young lawyer, which catches the attention of jonah. he invites her to attend a meeting with the activist change team, who've got something big in store. their plan to go to the amazon to protest the bulldozing of indigenous land by oil companies. the team arrives in south america where they meet up with their contact, a wealthy man named carlos, and board his plane. it's all really suspicious when your appointment for the entire operation is a shady 20-something. you know you've gone wrong. where are the adults and professionals for such a dangerous operation? at their hotel? lars gets a baggie of marijuana from carlos, and the group installs a streaming app on their phone. they'll need these to film the hired militias working for the companies, and it will be the only form of protection they have in case they get shot. sounds like a good reason to have a gun, but the team's leader, alejandro, is adamant they don't need them, since if one of them gets shot, then they all have to get shot. of course, no one's going to back out. they're already in peru, and they're going to give in to peer pressure if everyone else stays seated. the team arrive at a dock and are rushed into boarding river boats, which are staffed by kochua and boatmen. they make a quick pit stop to the shore as lars and justine need to use the toilet. justine takes the machete on her way off the boat, and lars is given a pistol that he nearly drops on his way off. gunshots ring out in the forest, and lars comes bolting back having almost shot a spider that was about to bite his junk. this is not a good sign. there is some crazy stuff that is coming to them, and they can't even manage to handle a gun to protect themselves from a spider. at least justine shows that she's willing to be proactive and use the machete. but this lack of readiness and adaptability by mars is an indicator that he's not going to do too well when things take a violent turn for the worse. riding on the river, one of the guys talks about his gps, which doesn't require signal as it's connected to a satellite, which is pretty useful, since where they're going, they're not going to get any signals, cell phone or otherwise. the boaters finally arrive at their destination, where they dump their stuff onto the shore and put on these neon safety jumpers and blue helmets, dressing up like the local construction crew. they're told to leave everything except their passports in case they get arrested, and head off, going deeper into the jungle where they cautiously trek their way to the logging site passing by the ground crews on their lunch break, they lock themselves to the trees in their vehicles. putting your life in harm's way should require a great amount of trust in this operation, considering that you don't really know where the funding is coming from, this is not wise. and all this when they don't even know the name of the tribe they're trying to save. they all put their masks on and begin the stream chanting a protest slogan. as the company's militiamen arrive, one of them is able to get justine out of her chains, destroy her phone before he points his gun at her head. but this was all a part of the plan. alejandro announces on stream that justine's father works for the un. and goats the militia into shooting her. he was using her this whole time. the gunman leave them alone once they get a phone call. and the activists are taken back by the police to the boats. they let go after carlos bribes the cops. and the group celebrates a successful protest, except for justine, who is justifiably pissed off. suddenly, one of the engines explodes and the plane begins nose diving and crashes into the forest, the tail ripping open, killing carlos, the pilots. in almost all of the protesters who die in a myriad of ways, they still in the front, are the luckiest people on the plane. they get a quick and painless death, which is far more forgiving than what's coming to the rest of them. but the truth is, the likelihood of surviving a plane crash can be as high as a 95 percent if you are sitting close to the exit in the back of the plane and are wearing your seatbelt, that is, unless you fly out of it. and if you're sitting in the front, like these guys, we've already lost you. the group gets out of the plane shaken and disturbed, and daniel insists they need to find his gps so they can send out a distress signal. and that's when the engine explodes. they're stranded in the amazon with no easy way out. surviving in the jungle is daunting, but also possible, if you make wise decisions and prioritize you want to stay close to the crash site so that rescuers can find you more easily. you're also more likely to find water if you travel downhill rivers can be easier ways to travel through a jungle and will lead you to a village as well. but right now everyone is in shock and they're not thinking straight clearly. alejandro realizes he can hear the river, and if they follow it back upstream, they might be able to get help. but kara walks off into the woods because she spots someone out there. it almost immediately gets an arrow shot through her neck. the others make a break for it, but fall over as they're riddled with blow darts, one after the other. daniel himself actually finds the gps, but before he can get it, he's knocked out. when someone starts shooting arrows at you, plan a goes out the window, and so does plan b, and basically any other plan that doesn't involve getting shot. you're just not going to outrun a tribal native hunter in their own backyard. so you really don't have a chance here. justine wakes up handcuffed on a boat along with the others who are taken ashore where an entire village of indigenous people welcomed them. these are the yahes, the same people who they were trying to help, passing by severed heads on spikes. they're taken into the village where they meet the female elder. when you start seeing severed heads, you know this isn't going to end well for you. but then again, if any one of them had done basic research about the yahi people before they left, they just might have been better prepared for an encounter with this brutal, cannibalistic tribe. maybe that idea about bringing a gun might have been taken a bit more seriously. the female elder inspects them, examining them one by one, and for some reason smiles at justine. the group gets dragged and kept in a wooden cage, except for jonah, who's drugged and held down onto a rock in plain view of his friends. the female elder gouges his eyes and cuts his tongue out before she eats them. he's then hacked apart, limb from limb, and his blood is drunk by the woman. jonah's body is unsalted, prepared and cooked in a mud oven. as the group stand by and wonder what is going on. alejandro desperately tries to use a cell phone, but he can't get a signal. with that option off the table, he tells everyone there's nothing they can do as the villagers feed on jonah's cooked body. okay, everyone is shell shocked, understandably, but it's time for your survival instincts to kick in. take stock of what you have and how it can be used for survival. the cage bars are made from wooden poles, so at night, try seeing how far they go down, as you might be able to secretly dig yourself out. if you can't see if there's anything you can use to cut the vines holding the cage together. or wrap your pants around the poles as well as a strong stick, then twist them to bend the bars inwards, giving yourself more room to squeeze out of there. the best thing to do is keep watch over the tribesmen, noting where they keep their weapons and tools, because there's a chance you'll be able to grab one in an escape attempt. but even if you got your hands on one, they know how to use it a lot better than you do. it's possible you might actually make it out of the cage, but you'll soon find a yahei patrolman of a blowgun ready to take you down and throw you back in. alejandro might actually be right. there's no way out of this except in pieces. that night, the group discusses their plan to get help, and daniel pitches the idea that they need to get the gps before the battery dies. but alejandro disagrees, because he knows that there are more bulldozers coming to deforest the land. what they did earlier was useless, and he admits that it was all just a pr stunt done to make money to fund future protests. but this could be a good thing. if they wait for three days, the bulldozers should reach this village, and then they can make their escape. thank god they chopped the jonah. that guy could feed the village for a week. the group tries to push samantha out through the cage's ceiling, but almost immediately she gets knocked out by a blow dart fired by the guard standing watch over them. the next day, justine is woken up by a village girl and shows her how to play her flute necklace, which she seems to like. you never know what could save your life. this flute might seem insignificant, and yet it's been used as the only way to communicate to a member of the tribe. there might be other things that you can use in the same way, alejandra's watch, lars's weed, samantha's shoes, basically anything you have on your person. the women are then taken out of the cage and brought before the village elder who inspects their bodies. justine is the last to be inspected, and much to the delight of the elder, she's a virgin, hooray. before she's then knocked out and dragged into a hut. amy and the other guys worked together to get samantha out first by setting an alarm on alejandro's cell phone and throwing it so that it distracts the guard, giving samantha the time to clamp around and make a run for a nearby boat. you live in the 21st century, and they live in the sticks, in stone age. distracting them with this phone is a great plan. but why do this in the middle of the day? the river is your best bet, since you won't have to cut through the forest and can't get easily lost. but it would have been safer to get on the boat in the middle of the night. that way you won't get spotted by the tribes people, and you'll put enough distance between you before they realize you're gone. it might actually be better not to use the boat so as to not catch the eye of other yahei who might be on the water. if they see an empty canoe, they're gonna check it out, see her inside and eat her. samantha makes the case that she can outrun the tribes people because she ran track. but have you ever tried running track in the jungle? the better strategy might be to send the strongest. these cannibals are both for the jungle, to track and chase their prey quickly and over long distances. their cardiovascular systems are better developed than ours. it might be easier to overpower one of them rather than outrun them. justine is brought back to the cage and has for some reason, been painted. what happened to her exactly, she can't remember, though at least as daniel observes, they plan on circumcising justine, which could kill her. or as alejandro puts it, this could give them more time until the bulldozers arrive. when when they are then visited by the village children who give them food. amy, at first doesn't eat it because she's a vegan. but gives in, as she knows she'll need her strength for the escape. but then she realizes that they're eating samantha, as she recognizes the tattoo on the meat and slits her throat using a broken bowl shard. this is a blessing in disguise. since they know the tribe's people will eat her body, they stuff large's marijuana down her throat. that way, when the village people eat her, they're gonna be high as a kite. the male elder comes in quickly chops her up and cooks her so that the meat won't spoil. something the group doesn't bring up is what they could do to make themselves less appetizing to the cannibals. a few things that you could have done is cover themselves in feces that gross them out, pretend to show symptoms of sickness, or even act like they're being possessed by a demon. all these things i would try. but none of these things are likely going to make the cannibals skip out on dinner. thankfully, this weed plan works, as the villagers are too high to care about their prisoners. when you're desperate, you come up with desperate ideas. this could work in theory, but i seriously doubt it would get the entire village high. the blood stopped circulating after death. so even if the thc was baked into the body, wouldn't it only be the organs that could get you high? i don't know. this seems like stoner logic to me. justin and daniel manage to climb their way out of the cage, but before lars can get out, alejandro jabs him with a blow dart, keeping him around so that the cannibals won't eat him first. and he's proven right, as lars wakes up to a couple of tribesmen who eat him alive. talk about the munchies. also, nice going, alejandro. now you're going to be an excellent menu. bet you wish you escaped with the others, huh? justine and daniel make their way back to the plane, where they find the bodies of the other activists put on stakes. and to make matters worse, the gps battery is dead. going back to the plane is logical. the gps is still there, and it might be your best chance of being found. it's exactly what i would do. but that's the problem, because you'll be found by cannibal tribesmen before anyone else arrives. also, it's been almost two days since they left, and gps models similar to theirs will only have 16 to 20 hours of battery life. so it's safe to assume that this trip will end in resounding failure. being swept down river might be the safer bet, as most settlements are built close to water. you might even find one that doesn't eat people. if you decide to travel by foot, cover yourself with mud, not just to blend in, but to keep mosquitoes and bugs away. it will also cool you down, which is important, as one of the main dangers of surviving the jungle is sun stroke and heat stroke. but thinking quickly, they take one of these still working phones from the dead bodies and end up getting knocked out by the tribe's people. justine awakens to find herself tied up in being prepared for a horrific ritual. and daniel has his bones broken before he gets smeared with a paste so that he can be eaten alive by ants. justine finally realizes that they're about the circumciser, but the ritual is stopped as one of the tribesmen brings back the head of a construction worker. the warriors of the village grab their weapons and run off into the forest, along with some of the women and children. justine is freed by the kid who she played her whistle to, and she runs out to take the phone from daniel. he begs her to kill him, but when she can't, the girl kills him instead and takes justine out to the forest so that she can escape. now escaping is only half the battle. making contact once you've escaped, before they track you down, is even more difficult. the tall trees are going to catch any smoke from a fire, catch any light being reflected, and make it not impossible for someone to spot any signal codes from the air. unless you're lucky enough to run into some good samaritans, you're not going to survive. justine finds herself caught in a war zone where the tribesmen are being gunned down by the militia soldiers. she's able to convince them to save her and take her aboard a helicopter out of the amazon, leaving alejandro for dead. when she makes it back stateside, she gives her testimony about what happened everyone else died in the crash, and she was saved by the native people, who ended up getting slaughtered by the company's militia. a complete another lie later, she gets a call from alejandro's sister who tells her that she's found a satellite picture of alejandro, who has somehow managed to survive. now you might be thinking that if alejandro survived, that maybe we could. but i can't imagine what he did to convince them to let him live. the last we saw him, he was screaming and freaking out, thinking he was going to be eaten. him being allowed to live amongst the ajes is extremely unlikely. and as the last remaining prisoner, he probably should have been eaten, which is why none of us would survive. but what do you think? do you agree with my theories? or do you disagree? let me know of a comment down below. with that said, thank you so much for watching. leave a like and subscribe. and check out the playlist that's up in the channel. until next time, have a damn good day. 