welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy whose wife prefers a machine to the real thing. and that's not a mecha godzilla joke. hey. other than that. now, godzilla vs kong has made a big impact, and the movie is now the highest grossing film since the pandemic began. it's got a ton of things going on in it, and after binge watching the entire monster verse, i'm going to be pointing out some of the insane details, easter eggs and callbacks that you specifically missed. yes, you, you didn't catch these because you're an idiot. now, probably not the best way to start the video, and i'm sure you caught some of them, but if you enjoy it, then please smash the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe for videos like this each and every day. with that out of the way, thank you for clicking this. and i'm sure you're not an idiot. sorry for that. now let's get into godzilla versus okay, so the movie is very much centered around the idea that the two apex predators cannot coexist. and this godzilla goes on the warpath trying to retain his reign as king of the monsters. kong himself is, of course, an apex predator, but we also learned that godzilla is hunting for mechagodzilla, who just so happens to be made by a company called apex. though it's slightly on the nose, and i'm probably the idiot now for having to point it out, it does show the attention to detail that the script has, and that the company are very much plotting to play the pair off against one another in the hopes that their machine monster can take the dominant role as the apex predator. mechagodzilla is built on sub-level 33, which just so happens to be a reference to the end 1933, which is when king kong was first released. we learned that it's powered with the help of the consciousness of a ghidorah head, which we last saw at the end of king of the monsters. in that we discovered that the titan was actually an alien that communicated telepathically. so it does make sense that it's able to control another skull located inside the head of mechagodzilla. the movie pulls from other things in the long and rich history between the pair. and the plot itself echoes several classic godzilla movies, including godzilla vs mechagodzilla and terror of mechagodzilla. both films center around the g-man being framed as someone who's turned against the human race. and they also have several key moments that are repeated in this film. for example, godzilla and mechagodzilla both fire their atomic breaths directly at one another, and both moments end with mechagodzilla winning the death of the mecca g's are also extremely similar across all the movies, as in each and every one of them, the monster is beheaded. now, though mechagodzilla was originally made by aliens, in godzilla vs mechagodzilla 2, it was changed up so that it was humanity that created the monster, which this movie of course, aligns with. in 2002's godzilla against mecca godzilla, the machine was built using the bones of a gajira, and these eventually overpowered the machine and took over. similar to what happens during this movie, mecha g kills a skull crawler at one point using the same move that godzilla did on the mutos in the 2014 film. and in the credits, we learned that this is referred to as the kiss of death. the man who controls mechagodzilla, is named ren serazara, and he is actually the son of ishiro, played by ken watanabe. from interviews and behind the scenes information, we know that there was a vast amount of things got out of the movie, including a subplot involving him and how he views the attacks by godzilla as personal because of his father's death, which was linked to the character. we also meet bernie hayes, played by brian tyree henry, who's the host of the titantruth podcast. the logo of this looks extremely similar to the eye from the 1998 movie, which i actually really like. yeah, i haven't seen it in a while. i probably haven't watched it since i was 10 years old, but i like it, so that's just me. now, his podcast episodes also include one called mothra's pregnancy theory. and this is something that pulls on the long and rich history of the titans. mothra was killed in king of the monsters, but it was theorized that some form of the character could return to its child, which has allowed the creature to come back in several monster movies. this egg was spotted at the end of king of the monsters, making me think that we will save mothra for another movie. now, an article on emma russell can also be seen at one point, which asks whether she was a villain or savior. in the prior movie, she wanted to thanos the population with the titans, and this would allow the survivors to have more resources and live a better quality of life. now, the eye that bernie comes across looks very similar to the one from a terminator. the machine itself is much in the same vein as that machine, because it's based on an organic creature and has been tasked with taking it down. you also hear a clanging noise which is repeated three times. and this is similar to mechagodzilla's raw, which too happens three times. [Music]. madison and rusty from deadpool later meet him at a restaurant, the sign of which looks like the legendary logo. now, the film centers heavily around a journey to the center of the hollow earth. and houston brooks, played by corey hawkins, first brought it up on skull island, he said that he'd actually written a paper on it. and this theory itself emanates from the 17th century, where it was first brought up by edmund haley, who you probably know from naming the comet. the idea of the hollow earth has appeared throughout the monster verse, including king of the monsters, where it was mentioned by dr rick stanton, played by bradley whitford. whitford discussed how he too had theorized the hollow earth and how vortexes around the planet led into it, which we get confirmed in this movie. the location very much parallels zootopia, which was introduced in godzilla vs megalon. this world existed beneath the surface, and it was home to several kaijus, which is sort of repeated here. now we joined kong and skull island under a dome, and learning the film that the storms that circulate their location eventually closed in on it and wiped out almost all of the life there. these storms can actually be seen in a blink, and you'll miss a moment. as we circulate the dome itself. this is very similar to the truman show. and i don't know if it's intentional or not, but we watch as the character trapped within it slowly starts to realize their reality is a lie. okay, okay, that's that's that's a reaches knit. now, the first shot of the film opens on the sun, which is something that was also shown in the first shot of kong skull island. the movie also ended with his eye turning into the sun. and it's like poetry, they rhyme. now, kong throws a tree in order to bring down the hex panels that surround the dome. and this is a maneuver that we saw him doing in skull island when the helicopters first arrived. he also rips it apart, some of how he did in skull island when facing down against a skull crawler. at this point, we're introduced to gia, who holds a monkey idol to him. this is a flip on the classic imagery of a girl being held up to kong, which is commonplace in several of the sacrifice scenes that have appeared throughout most of the movies featuring him. kong is very much in the search for a home. and the name jira itself translates to that in chinese. from here, we cut to the credits and see several interesting nods to what's going to happen in the film. credit scenes like this have appeared in most of the monster movies, and here they repeat the news style that was seen at the start of both godzilla and kong skull island and at the end of king of the monsters. these sections give cool bits of redacted text that break the fourth wall and fill in things about its plot, characters and the crew behind it. director adam wingard's section reads, the history of the titan wars will be explored in a film by adam wingard that sheds light on previously hidden truths. you also see one which discusses how the monster sounds are compared to music by tom hulkenberg, who is the film's composer. there's also a moment in which we see decades of research into ancient stories leads to a legendary pictures production, which it was decades it feels like, because the movie got delayed so much. now, these nods extend to the plot of the movie, as we can see one which reads, alexander scores, god needs to prove the existence of hollow earth to salvage his tarnished reputation. this is, of course, the journey that the character goes on in the film, so it's a nice bit of foreshadowing in these moments. there's another that reads, countless explorers have attempted to prove the connection eyes are gonzales, and many have perished, which does foreshadow her death later on. we can also see in the cave paintings and ancient art that kong holds an axe. and later, when we cut to his characteristics, we can also make out that he's able to use tools, namely an axe. this of course, sets up him discovering his ancestors old weapons, one of which was likely used in this painting and probably also becomes the one that kong goes on to bear. we can see that his weaknesses are flammable attacks, which is one way that the humans were able to hold him off in conscious island. you can make out that his enemies are giant squids and skull crawlers, the both of which he fought in his solo movie. there's also a titan listed, and though up until this point we haven't seen him fight one, it does tease the eventual showdown. you also catch bill randa aka john goodman's expedition in 1973 to skull island. and alongside him, we can see a giant skull of a kong ape something that appears in one of its many scenes at the apex facility. we follow bernie and then jump to nathan lind at denham university. this is actually a callback to call denham, the director in the 1933 film, who led the journey to skull island. they take kong across the sea, and the chains that are used to hold them in place are extremely some of the ones that he was forced to wear in the original kong. we can see that he's sedated using green juice, something that was also used to knock him out by the humans. in king kong vs godzilla, at night, jia goes out to visit him, and the pair touch fingers, which is aping pun intended the creation of man by michelangelo. this imagery is brought back up in the hollow earth when kong leaps across the sky, and we see a rock shaped like a finger reaching out, which he then touches. the next day, godzilla swims in. and when discussing this moment, adam wingard said that he wanted to echo the barrel scene in jaws, whereas the great white pulled down one of those with him, godzilla pulls an entire boat. and the way his fin also cuts through the water is very similar to his sharks. the music also echoes the skydiving scene from godzilla, and this soundtrack is pulled from stanley kubrick's 2001 space odyssey. kong is also carried across the sky in a moment that's reminiscent of when this was done in the original versus movie using helium balloons. from here, the ape and humans travel into the hollow earth using heaves. and these ships look extremely similar this super x aerial vehicle, which first showed up in the return of godzilla. it's very much repeating the designs that have come before. and, you know, it's sort of like poetry. they rhyme. now, in the hollow earth, kong pushes open the giant doors, which is a move that's very similar to the one that you did in the 1933 film. you also see a bloody handprint, which calls back to the one that was witnessed in skull island. here kong gains an axe, which is made from a gajira dorsal fin. and this explains how the blade can be powered up by his energy. when this starts up, we can see the outline of a gajira further hammering this home. this outline also circles the throne, reminding us that godzilla may be constantly hunting the kongs. from here, we cut to the fight in hong kong. godzilla is attacking hong kong, which, if you look closely, has the word kong in it. so, yeah, say best easter eggs around the thumbs up buttons right there. now, this battle is incredible. and in it, kung stuffs the handle of his axe down godzilla's throat, which is similar to what king kong did with a tree in the original versus movie. during it, kong also tries to break godzilla's jaw by forcing it open, which is a move that king kong did to the t-rex back in the original 1933 film. kong is beaten, but he's revived by electricity from the heave. and this is similar to king kong vs godzilla, in which the ape is knocked out, but then revived by a bolt of lightning. anyway, you're some of a that's all the cool easter eggs i could find in the film. and i hope you enjoyed the video. i didn't point out every detail, as i'd be here forever. but you know what? i'm gonna give you the opportunity to make me look like the idiot. and write in the comments below which ones i missed. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of april, in which we're giving away three copies of zack snyder's justice league on 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is drop a thumbs up, make sure you subscribe the notifications on and comment below with anything that i missed, or if you just liked the video, or if you hated it. and the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the ending of the film, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire platform, top to bottom, talking about what we liked, talked about what we didn't it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been poor. let's see you next time. take care. peace. 