[Music], what is up? YouTube. it's your girl Evelyn. and welcome to the season 3, episode 1 recap of killing Eve. there's a lot to cover, so let's jump right into it. and as always, there will be spoilers, so proceed with caution. episode 1 starts with a flashback to Russia in 1974. we watch as a young woman named Dasha is training on the parallel bars under the watchful eyes of both her coach and a handsome young gymnast. the young man's presence distracts Dasha, and she makes a mistake. after being yelled at by her coach, she retreats to the locker room where the sweet young gymnast brings her flowers, and Dasha beats him to death. we are then transported to a present-day wedding reception, or the gorgeous bride. and it's high in woman named Maria who is giving a toast to her new spouse, villanelle. [Music], villanelle gives her own toast, and owed to all these superficial reasons she's marrying Maria, and even manages to throw in a jab about Eve, saying, when I think about my ex today, I realize I'm so much happier now she's dead. a bit later, villanelle spies a mysterious older woman lurking in a doorway, and in true villanelle style, she takes a running leap at the woman and tries to choke the life out of her. the entire wedding party devolves into chaos. and not long after, we watch as a gorgeous vintage car with a just married sign on the back drives away with villanelle and the mysterious woman inside. meanwhile, a check-in at mi6 shows a former top dog, Carolyn, taking her lumps like a good girl. it seems 95% of everything Carolyn did last season was completely unauthorized. so as punishment, mi6 has given her a new set of training wheels in the form of supervisor Paul Brad well, who has taken Carolyn's seniority along with her office. we're briefly introduced to new mi6 agent Moe Jafari, which means he'll probably be killed or seriously injured sometime during the season. finally, we get our first glimpse of eve, three months after her fateful last meeting with villanelle. we watch as she purchases a ton of ramen while still experiencing discomfort from her gunshot wounds. the downtrodden Eve spends her days working in the kitchen of a Korean restaurant and her evenings watching mindless infomercials while drinking wine by the bottle. the mystery wedding crasher brings villanelle back to her flat, where we find out she's none other than ex gymnast Dasha. villanelles a former trainer with the 12. the 12 want villanelle back, and Dasha tries to entice her with money, but villanelle wants something else, to become a keeper, which, if you'll recall, we have no idea what a keeper actually is, or does. it's clear Dasha thinks the idea is ridiculous, but agrees to pass on the message. the two old friends and then partake in a good old-fashioned choke fest, which I assume for professional assassins is the equivalent of a hug. next we catch up with Kenny as he arrives to work at the bitter pill, an online investigative journal. it seems Kenny has ditched mi6, but continues to snoop into the 12, a morally bereft organization with a track record of murdering people who get in their way. a quick check in with Constantine shows him ignoring calls from his annoying daughter, Irina, while simultaneously buying her souvenirs from a gift shop in London. later, while relaxing and shirking all responsibilities, Constantin receives a food delivery with a message written on the menu that reads, time to go fishing. meanwhile, a wine drunk Eve sends Kenny a strange yet hilarious text message. and like a completely normal person, Kenny shows up to her flat, lets himself in, then stares at her until she wakes up screaming. the two former colleagues and almost friends catch up. Kenny tries to tell Eve about new information he's discovered about the 12, but she shuts him down, saying, I'm not going down that road again. it almost killed me. Kenny then invites Eve out for drinks with his colleagues from the bitter pill because she seems sad. but Eve turns him down and insists that maybe she doesn't want to be happy. Dasha has relayed villanelles request to the twelve, and has some good news. the twelve are open to villanelle becoming a keeper, but first she must get back into their good and prove herself worthy. just as a delivery woman. villanelle easily dispatches of the agitator and practically skips away. Carolyn and Kenny are moving house for some unknown reason. and Kenny, no longer under the thumb of mi6, has grown a bit of a backbone and lets his mother know he's his own man now. hey, I'm a grown-ass man. Carolyn refuses to apologize for being a terrible boss and an even worse mother. and last but not least, we finally discover what happened to Nico after villanelle left him with Gemma's corpse in his storage unit. Nico is currently living in some sort of sanatorium, and his hair is messy, which i suppose is a sign his mental health has declined. Eve gives him some papers to sign relating to the sale of their house and reassures him they'll get through this together. Nico then goes off on her about her selfishness, which is honestly, nothing new, and, frankly, a little annoying. Eve is back in the kitchen, but her unresolved feelings about villanelle surface as she listens to a co-worker talk about a girl he's in love with, who very obviously doesn't love him back. Eve realizes she does need someone to talk to and calls Kenny to take him up on that drink offer. Kenny is putting in a little overtime at the bitter pill and digging even deeper into the 12 when he hears a noise. Eve arrives at the bitter pill, but there's no sign of Kenny. out the corner of her eye, she sees something fall off the roof. she rushes outside to find poor Kenny dead on the pavement. and that is it for the recap. tell me, what did you guys think of the first episode? were you shocked by Kenny's death, or did you expect something crazy to start the season off with a bang? thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you next week. 