[Music] US is filled to the brim with hidden meanings, metaphors and minor moments that turn out to have huge consequences behind them. whilst the big twist in the film is currently breaking the internet, there's actually a hidden twist that many of missed. and whilst this isn't confirmed, there's a lot of evidence to support it. that twist revolves around why Jason is so weird. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the theory behind why certain things in the film happened to him. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the movie yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I explain it so you don't have to. ok. so firstly, just a quick recap on the plot of us. we follow Adelaide Wilson, who, with the rest of her family, go to their Beach home on vacation. Adelaide has a lot of childhood trauma from when she was attacked by a doppelganger in the carnival that exists on the beachfront. she fears that whyever attacked her is coming back. and this has proven right when the family are ambushed by a group of people that are exact duplicates of them. it turns out everyone in the United States has a copy, and these have risen to the surface from their underground homes and are now murdering people on mass. the Wilsons managed to kill most of their doubles, but Adelaide's double grabs the serna Jason and descends into one of the underground tunnels. Adelaide follows her and manages to kill her double and escapes with her son, seemingly saving the day. however, in the end, it's revealed that when Adelaide was attacked by doppelganger as a child, she was actually swapped, and she is the copy, with this entire rising of the tethered of being a quest for revenge against her. so this holds a lot of complications. and there's actually another twist, which theorizes that Jason, Adelaide son, who's also swapped with the tethered version of himself. now before you start rolling your eyes, the first time I heard this as well, I thought it didn't make a lot of sense. but the more I looked into it, the more that I've seen that the evidence definitely points towards it being true. from the ted-ed, we learn that everyone in the US. has a duplicate of them that possesses an inverse personality of their original self. for example, Gabe is goofy and pretty late back, where as Abraham, his mirror, is aggressive and imposing. zora is pretty much glued to her phone, and his very sarcastic. whereas hombre is constantly smiling, even during death. Jason is very reserved, wears masks, plays in closets and is regarded by many as strange and weird. during the day before the attack, his family remark that he seems to be speaking a lot of new words and that he has a new vocabulary. in addition to this, on the beach, the other kids make fun of him because instead of building a sandcastle, he's building a sand tunnel. overall, he seems to keep himself to himself and stays out of people's way, avoiding that touch in hiding behind his mask. juxtaposing this, Pluto, red Sun is social and tries to often hold his mother's hand. at no point in the film does he physically attack someone. he's definitely the most gentle of the group. Pluto is even docile with Jason. he showcases his burnt face, and the situation only escalates because Jason kicks him and flees, locking him in the closet. in the end, Pluto dies because Jason realizes that he can control him and sense him walking back into the fire. well, some may think that he deliberately attacked the car and caused it to leak petrol. he had numerous opportunities to set it alight and still did not. so what does this all mean? well, the more you think about it, the more you realized that Pluto actually shares the traits of a surface dweller, whereas Jason doesn't. and therefore, it's very likely that he was swapped out. so when exactly did this happen? well, the air prior to the vacation seems the most likely time. we know that prior to the current ripple, Jason started a fire that almost burned the house down. his family even comment on this. and if true, then it would provide the perfect opportunity to make the change. what if Jason started a fire, was burned horribly, and in the confusion, was found by Pluto and taken underground where he was replaced. this explains why he has a new vocabulary, can no longer do a magic trick that he was more than capable of doing the year before, why he likes to build tunnels, and also why he knows how to control the tethered. in addition to this, when the family are listening to I got five on it, a delay, tries to get Jason to snap to the beat. however, he is clicking his fingers backwards, and is therefore unable to do this. just opposing this, before Plato's death, he is snapping his fingers perfectly as a normal person would. perhaps this is a signal to Adelaide that he is her real son. gave even uses the fact that Jason hasn't been the same since last summer to convince Adelaide to go to the beach, which again, adds more evidence that something is wrong. during his time underground, a red could have taught him how to speak, and this could be how the swap was unnoticed when the fire happened. red too, clearly has some affection for the boy. as when the tethered invade the home, she merely tells Pluto to go and play with Jason instead of attacking him. this showcase is perhaps that she is aware of the truth. what if, at the end of the movie, the intense stare that Adelaide and Jason share is actually Jason wondering if Adelaide knows the truth? and a smile she gives him confirms that she does. but that's a secret that they will share between themselves. to me, it's definitely possible. and upon seeing the film for a second time, this theory definitely stacks up. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. and if you agree or disagree with me, make sure you leave them in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the movie, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 