in today's episode of recap files, i'm going to explain a 2016 american horror thriller film called don't breathe. warning, spoilers ahead. rocky, jane levy, alex, dylan minnette and money, daniel zavato, three detroit friends break into the home of wealthy owners. they start grabbing the nicest looking items they can get their hands on. after alex disables the security system, they finish by throwing a rock through the plate glass door and fleeing. rocky lives with her younger sister, diddy, emma berkovici their abusive mother, ginger, katya boker and trevor, her boyfriend, sergey anopko. rocky promises diddy that she will get them both out of there as soon as possible, so that they can start a new life in california. money receives information from one of his contacts about a man who lives in a house and has more than thirty thousand dollars stashed somewhere. according to reports, the man is a war veteran who lives alone after his daughter was killed in a car accident. rocky is on board because this could be the last robbery they have to pull off. but alex is opposed to the plan. he later relents when rocky begs him because he has a crush on her, despite the fact that she is with money. the three follow the man, stephen lang, to his home and discover that he is blind. alex thinks it's wrong to rob a blind man, but money says that just because he's blind doesn't make him a saint. the robbery is started that night by the three. the friends make their way to the man's house. money drugs the dog, causing him to pass out and allowing them safe entry into the house. rocky is the first to enter and disable the security system. she reappears and unlocks the door. money goes upstairs and discovers the blind man sleeping with the television turned on. when the blind man rises, he hears a noise, he simply turns off the television and goes back to sleep. money fills the room with gas to ensure that the man passes out and does not hear anything. the three discover a locked door leading to the basement. they believe this is the location of the man's stash. money begins to break down the door, causing the blind man to wake up and realize there's an intruder. money begins to speak and declares that he does not want trouble, until he decides to pull a gun on the man. money holds the gun in front of the blind man's face, and he takes a few steps forward. as he approaches, the man grabs the gun from money's grip and pins him against the wall. the blind man inquires of money how many of them are present in the house. money claims it's just him and begs the man to let him go. the blind man lets go of money, but then shoots him in the neck and through the head. rocky hides in the closet. after he throws money's body to the ground, the man walks in, it opens a safe that holds his money. rocky notices the code as he walks away. after the blind man begins locking all the doors and windows. alex goes in search of rocky. they decide to enter through the basement and exit through the cellar door that leads outside. rocky first opens the safe and places all of the money in her bag. they make their way to the basement, but the man appears from there. as he holds money's gun, the two remain silent. when someone's phone rings, he fires a quick shot. as the man drags money's body outside, rocky and alex make their way downstairs. rocky is startled in the basement by a woman, francisca trasic, who has been chained to the wall. rocky and alex are terrified and nearly abandoned her, until the woman holds up a newspaper article. it reveals her name is cindy and that she is the woman who killed the blind man's daughter by accident. but she was acquitted. rocky and alex managed to free her and carry her to the cellar door. unfortunately, when they open it, the blind man is already there. he pulls the trigger on the gun and shoots cindy in the face, killing her. rocky and alex flee and the man discovers that he shot cindy, he sobs over her body and yells in anguish. alex takes the man's keys and decides to make his way back to the front door. as he and rocky return upstairs, the blind man turns off the basement lights, leaving them all in complete darkness. as the man fires the gun, rocky and alex look around for each other. rocky was about to touch the blind man when alex called her name. the blind man grabs alex and attempts to shoot him, but his gun is empty. alex slams a shelf against him, trapping him. rocky and he dash up stairs. alex uses a crowbar to close the door. when he and rocky try to open the door, the dog has awoken and is ready to attack them. they flee from the dog and confine it in a room. unfortunately, the blind man has escaped from the basement and assaults alex. he punches him in the face several times and appears to impale him with garden shears. he then goes after rocky and knocks her out as well. rocky awakens in the basement, chained in the same place as cindy. she informs the blind man that this will not return his daughter. he claims that isn't entirely correct. he had impregnated cindy in order to have a child to compensate for the one she had killed, and he would have let her go once she gave birth. with cindy's death, his unborn child has also died, and he holds rocky responsible he rips a hole in rocky's pants and pulls out a baster containing his sperm sample. he's about to impregnate rocky, but alex has gotten up and grabbed a hammer. he whacks the blind man on the head, releasing rocky. they bind the man to a pole with handcuffs. she begins kicking the man before stuffing the baster down his throat. they leave him alone and decide not to call the cops because the man could easily tell them rocky and alex broke in. the two return upstairs to leave. they are able to open the front door, but the blind man has risen and shoots alex. rocky bolts just as the man opens the door to let the dog out. rocky dashes back to money's car, hoping to get in before the dog catches up with her. but she leaves her bag outside the car. rocky opens the trunk in an attempt to trap the dog inside so she can escape. her plan succeeds, and she goes outside to get the money, but the blind man appears and knocks rocky out once more. rocky is dragged back to his house by the blind man to finish his work. a ladybug flies onto rocky's hand, boosting her confidence and giving her hope. rocky grabs the control and activates the security system, which causes the alarm to go off, distracting the man. she grabs the crowbar and repeatedly whacks the blind man over the head until he falls into the basement and his gun goes off, shooting him in the side. rocky grabs the money and flees the house before the cops arrive. she's is now at the airport with diddy, ready to begin their new lives, when she sees a news report on tv stating that the blind man was discovered alive, and that only two burglars were reported as breaking into his home, both of whom he killed. rocky becomes nervous and takes diddy with her, never looking back. do you enjoy videos like these, then consider subscribing and leaving us a like it really helps the channel out. thanks for watching, and we'll catch you on the next one. 