[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alert. today we're talking about the 2008 teen remake of the musical drama film a star is born. so let's get started. we will do our best to do summaries for all the 2019 asks for Best Picture nominees before the awards. check out the playlist above for more nominees summaries. the movie opens with Jack a famous country singer and struggles with depression, drugs and alcohol. jack visits a local bar and sees a performance by ally, and the two end up spending the night talking, where she explains the struggles she's been having trying to enter into the music industry for not having the right look. Jack invites ally to his next show and gets her to perform on stage, and the audience loves her. she begins touring with him, and the romance begins. during the tour, they visit the ranch where Jack her up and his father is buried, only to learn that Jack's brother, Bobby sold the ranch. Jack later punches Bobby over this, and Bobby quits as his tour manager. Bobby later explains that he did tell Jack about the sale, but Jack was too drunk to remember any of it. on tour, Ally meets rez, a record producer who offers her a contract. ally changes to singing pop music. Jack passes out and misses Ali's performance, and later wakes up at a friend's house. there, he proposes to ally with a ring made from a guitar string. and they marry that day at the local church. during Ally's SNL performance, Bobby and Jack reconcile. ally is nominated for three Grammy Awards. at the awards, jack performs while incredibly drunk, and Ally wins Best New Artist during her acceptance speech. however, Jack stumbles onstage and ends up wetting himself. Jacko is to rehab for two months after this. there, he tells a counselor about attempting suicide when he was 13. Jack apologizes to Ally, and she wants him to go on tour with her in Europe, but res won't allow it, so she cancels the tour. res later accuses Jack of holding Ally back. that evening, while Ally is performing, Jack hangs himself in there. Elly is extremely upset. she is visited by Bobby, who explains that Jack's death was his own fault, not hers. as the film concludes, Ally performs a song that Jack had written. so that's the spoilers for a star is born. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 