a hot topic to exploit in the 90s was time travel. everybody was obsessed with going back in time. so naturally, a story about a convict going back in time to save the human race just makes sense. that's exactly what 1995's 12 monkeys is all about. spoiler alert, everything i say here is only my opinion, and i strongly suggest you try the film out for yourself. links of the film are in the description. so a schizophrenic patient in 1990 claims that humankind will fall to a deadly virus in 1997. i think he might have been a bit off in his timeline, but the idea is believable for sure. interesting title screen the music makes me question what kind of movie i'm watching though. the film opens to james cole waking up from a terrible dream. and he finds out that his name is being called over the pa system for volunteer duty. after he suits up, he gets sent up to the planet surface, where we get to see what earth looks like in the near future. honestly, this doesn't look much different from a few different places i've seen already. as co goes around what's left of mankind's structures, he continues to collect samples of living creatures such as a cockroach and a spider. as he's walking through the snow, he uncovers an interesting sign in the snow. so i'm assuming 12 monkeys is a little society that leaves signs all over a planet that doesn't have humans just waltzing around to find them. either way, i'm glad he found it. once co makes his way back to the underground prison, the scientists say they have an offer that could considerably lower his sentence. next we cut to 1990, and we follow catherine reilly, who is about to examine our protagonist. yeah. you want to go in there examine him? well, isn't she just charming? i have a feeling this calm, charming mentality won't last too long. after cole speaks with catherine, the two of them aren't really able to understand each other too well. cole babbles about how fresh the air is, and catherine just assumes that he's been institutionalized before. finally, he tells you what year he was supposed to be sent back to. that's the future, james. do you think you're living in the future? 1996 of the past? no, 1996 is the future. this is 1990. leave it to those ragtag looking scientists to send him back too far. how do you mess up? by six years after, cole is taken to the county psychiatric hospital. he's processed and brought back with the other residents where we meet goings. brad pitt had someone the best roles in the 90s. i can already tell i'm gonna love this character. after going shows coal around the common area of the hospital, cole is brought before a group of psychiatrists that are attempting to evaluate him. after he tries to explain himself, he realizes that he really does sound crazy, but he can prove everything if they just give him one phone call. yeah, i think the last thing you expected to hear was that voice and the sound of the zoo of children in the background. later that night, cole has another bad dream of his childhood, and i'm starting to wonder if cole actually should be in there. but that night, going tries to explain his theory on germs, while cole is trying to find a way out. eventually goings catches on eating. how them brad pitt not win every award back in the 90s? look at him. what sad. as i do actually believe he can get coal out? probably not the way he wants to though. funny enough, brad pitt actually received his first golden globe and academy award nomination for his portrayal of this role. the next morning, goings comes across cole, who is drugged up so much he can barely stay awake. but that's not stopping goings from helping him escape. get it, monkey. i've never heard the word monkey so much in my life. i knew goings would be my favorite character. though. as going sets up a distraction, cole slowly makes his way to freedom. as he continues to try and find a way out, he gets cornered by the guards and he's taken away to solitary. it was fully restrained and the door was locked. yes, sir, i did it myself. now i'm legitimately wondering which parts of the film are real and which are imaginary. we get another glimpse at coast flashback, where we see the face of a man he remembered briefly. yeah, that face looks a little familiar. when co comes to he's back in the present, and he's speaking to a voice that he can determine whether it's someone in the room next to him, or if it's all in his head. when the scientists begin to question cole about what he did with his time, it starts to look like it was a complete waste, until, did you see all these people? oh, wait, wait. of course goings is wanted in the future as a scientist. finished questioning code, they offer him another chance to go back and try again. of course, cole takes the offer. this time, he's sent back to an undisclosed time. but it's during wartime he sees his cellmate being carried off on a gurney, and he is calling out to him after he gets shot in the leg. we cut over to catherine giving a lecture in 1996. during catherine's lecture, she speaks about the same battle and the fact that coal cellmate is actually part of history. now, as a lunatic that was looking for the pure germ that would cause humankind to be wiped out, i feel like all of our characters can't catch a break no matter what timeline we're following. i can't believe that this is a coincidence. mr cole, have you been following me? cole, isn't sounding too good. could he be the dreaded patient zero. can you make this louder? i keep forgetting that this man that's been sent back in time to stop the end of mankind is going to be amazed by the little things in life. guess that's what happens when you've lived underground for almost your whole life. while the two of them continue their journey to philadelphia, one of catherine's friends reports her missing to the police, and an apb is put out on her vehicle. once co gets ready to go, he and catherine continue on their journey to find the army of the 12 monkeys. when they get to philadelphia, cole finds a symbol all over a wall, and he jumps out, leaving catherine alone in the car. she can finally escape. this is her chance. what does she do? though? i see some red paint at this point. he's obviously not gonna hurt her, so what does she really have to lose? i'd be curious if he had been right as well. eventually, the trail of symbols leads them to an underground theater where they are assaulted by two thugs. carl swiftly dispatches them, and catherine can't believe that he just killed them. i see it, people. this is a weird connection to real life. bruce willis's future. a famous line from one of his biggest films comes in the sixth sense, where the young boy tells him that he sees dead people. the chances that bruce uses a similar line that feels like it should have come after the movie is too ironic. sixth sense came out four years after this film. after they escaped, cole follows the trail even farther, and it leads him to people that actually recognize the name, army of the 12 monkeys. okay, going to get us into something. yay. my favorite character is coming back. but we all saw him being a secret mastermind from the beginning. he's too crazy not to be. he's picking his own father, a famous nobel prize-winning virologist. what are the chances that he'd be disconnected though? definitely didn't see that part coming goings and 11 others of this activist group broke off and formed the army of the 12 monkeys. and they focused more on guerrilla protesting actions. after they leave, catherine and cole pull over in the woods so catherine can take care of his gunshot wound from the war. after she tries to persuade him to give himself up, cole restrains her, and he heads out for the gala that goines is attending that night that the dangers of science. this is the mastermind. this face is the one that cole has been looking for this whole time. how much information could he really have? never seen him before in my life. feel free to torture this man, or whatever it is you do. that's a bit harsh. i figured the worst they would do is kick him out. but torture after they walk around talking about the potential of there being a virus, goings, tries to confuse cole on whose grand scheme this actually was. it's hard to tell who's playing with who's mind, or if anyone really is, or if they're all just a little crazy. i'm starting to believe that one more and more. as ko runs back to where he left the car in the forest, he lets catherine out of the trunk, and she is furious. once we see the lights of police searching the forest, she begins to honk the horn to attract their attention. then cole disappears yet [Music], am i even watching anymore. this looks like they tried to pull a kooky barbershop quartet from the apocalypse. the scientists thank coal for his service. and the way that he connected goings with the virus is exactly what they had been hoping for. with that information, they'll send others to finish the job. this is it, james, what you've been working for? this mission feels very unfinished. and where is it gonna go if he can't stay in the underground prison, onto the infected surface? back in 1996, catherine has been overwhelmed with evidence that supports the fact that everything cole told her is right, or at least will be right. she takes it upon herself to try and stop the virus from being released. so she reaches out to those involved to try and piece things together where cole left off. time going, but you're gonna get us some deep [ __ ] lock is ready. battery's charged. never thought we'd be cincoins as the full bread antagonist, growing every time we come back to the past. yet here he is preparing his army for an attack. now he's wondering if she's gone crazy herself. everything has come full circle, because now she has to convince him that he wasn't crazy after all. as they go around town, they are constantly seeing connections to cole's future. as catherine is buying a disguise so she's not recognizable, we cut over to goins and his army kidnapping someone in the bus. this plot is thicker than i ever imagined it would be, especially considering the cast that has bigger building on this one. but then things like this happen. i can't take that disguise seriously. while these are perfectly believable disguises, i just can't see why they chose these ensembles. it's like a bad movie from the 60s. as morning comes, animals are seen wandering all over the streets without a worry in the world. while catherine seems relieved by this being the attack by the army of the 12 monkeys, cole doesn't look as relieved. as the two of them make it to the airport, cole realizes that this is where all of his flashback visions have been of. he realizes that he had already experienced this place as a kid. come on, james, it's okay. oh damn. isn't this where the talks of time paradoxes comes into play. wow. never saw him as the man we've been after this whole time. they did a phenomenal job of making goings the red herring throughout the film. biological samples. i have the papers right here now. i'm gonna have to ask you to open this up, sir. are you serious? first you try to open them on your own without knowing what they are, then you ask him to open it after he says they're a biological agent. we were so innocent back in the 90s. the scientist tries to get the tsa agent to smell it, but instead he sniffs it. as he almost makes it to the plane, cole pulls out a gun and gets ready to shoot the scientist. everything came full circle, and the outcome was just the same. while we may have a lot of movies about time looping full circle and stories being pieced together throughout, this was kind of a big deal in 1995. this whole time he was getting flashbacks. he was really watching himself get shot. when the scientist gets on the plane, he ends up shaking hands with one of the scientists from the future, and that's it, the end. no conclusive ending, no hint of anything being changed, or that call sacrifice was ever even necessary to begin with. for a film from the mid 90s about time loops and viral warfare, it does a great job of keeping the audience involved. and even now, i believed it has aged very well. this film could have gone any number of different ways, but thanks to the tenacity of terry gilliam, we got the film we have today. at first, he wasn't going to be a part of it, but he worked out a contract with universal that made it so he was in charge of the final cut. so long as he worked with brad pitt in the role of coins, i think that was a win all the way around. thank you so much for watching. don't forget to like and subscribe. if you'd like to see more videos, go ahead and leave a comment about what i should watch next, and i'll see you in the next video. 