a tear in the ozone layer sends down freezing mist to the earth's surface. it kills everything it touches. how will the world fight back? today we'll go through an adventure thriller film from 2010 called arctic blast. sport is ahead. the whole world will be covered in freezing fog. we don't know if the ice age will return, but it'll surely get weird. we have warned you, this is just my opinion on the movie and not a substitute for watching it. feel free to watch the movie first for the whole experience. links to download and stream the movie are in the description box. give the video a quick like and subscribe to our channel. suggest some movies you'd like us to cover in the comments or join our discord server. now let's get right into it. at the beginning of the movie, a voice tells us that the coldest part of the earth is not the north or the south pole. sounds wrong to me, but then he clarifies, it's 35 miles above us. he meant the mesosphere, an area in the atmosphere where the temperature can fall to negative 140 degrees and below. he goes on to say that the ozone layer has been protecting the people of the earth from the cold. until now. a man named jack tate is a field researcher in the international climate research organization icro hobart, australia. jack is talking to his colleague, alex, who's in an icro research ship named north star, 500 miles south of australia. meanwhile, the world observes a solar eclipse in fascination. jack and alex talk about the depleting ozone layer because of the eclipse, but they do not think much of it. i have a feeling they'll regret it. the science guys observe the temperature of the mesosphere drop by 20 degrees, but still dismiss it. a view of the earth from space shows us something going on in the ocean, but it's too far away for me to tell what. well, no later, jack receives a call from his wife, emma, who is with their divorce lawyer. she informs him that he is 20 minutes late for their appointment. he's late for their divorce. i wonder why she's divorcing him. jack quickly rushes to the appointment and meets them. then we see the thing on the ocean again. it's getting bigger. a closer view shows us that it's a massive vapor coming down from the ozone layer and the north star ship. alex notices the temperature graph, goes straight down. the dense vapor thingy whooshes over the ship and freezes everything. it touches the computer, chairs, literally everything. eventually it freezes alex. everyone on the ship dies. meanwhile, jack and emma talk about their failing relationship because of jack's work. he was too indulged in work to give time to his family. jack persuades her with the classic i will change, i promise. notice how the lawyer didn't say a word during the meeting? weird at home, his daughter, naomi tate, is mad at him for forgetting her 16th birthday. the man has nothing right going on in his life. let's wait till he finds out about alex's death. the following morning, jack gets an emergency call that informs him of alex and the other crew's death. he and his co-worker, zoe, go to the site to investigate. they see the ship crashed onto the shore. inside, everything is damp and slippery, yes, because it was all frozen some time ago. but our main man doesn't know that they rely on alex's hard drive to understand what happened. jack calls his boss, walter winslow, and informs him of the 15 deaths. suffice to say, he is shocked and asks jack for the cause of the death from alex's hard drive. they find out that there was some kind of tear or rift in the ozone, but since the drive is soaked in water, it only provides vague data. a weather news channel in sydney also notices the sudden drop in temperature in certain parts of the ocean, but dismisses it. alex did that too, and look what happened to him. jack then visits his wife, who is also a forensic doctor at the hospital. she is working on alex's and the others is deaths, keeping the divorce talk aside, they discuss the case. she finds out that they died because the fluids inside their bodies were completely frozen. it seems impossible to jack. he gets back to the headquarters and calls walter. jack has potentially figured out the reason for their deaths. that was quick. he believes that the solar eclipse caused a rift in the ozone layer, letting the icy cold air from the mesosphere leak into the earth's surface. the cold, vapor dense mist thing is called the cold front. the cold front is negative 140 degrees cold. that's negative 90 degrees celsius. and water freezes at zero degrees. so you get my point. the cold front is really cold. jack wants to access the data from another satellite to confirm the rift in the ozone, but the boss cannot allow that. after the call, jack tells zoe that they're gonna be very bad. it turns out he has a way to access a military satellite, just like that. problem solved. he simply puts in a passcode and gains access to the satellite data. easy, peasy. he types in something quickly and claims that he is done. jack then leaves to inform the media and put an emergency response into action. he doesn't trust his boss. meanwhile, naomi third wheels with her friend and her friend's boyfriend to a beach. and guess what's about to hit the beach, the cold front. jack is having lunch with the media person, brent. while talking about how people are gonna die if they do not release an emergency statement, bran can lose his job if he releases the statement based on an unreliable source, aka jack. now, since jack cannot save the whole world, he settles with saving his family. he drives to naomi's school while calling emma to come to the lab because it's safer at the school. he figures naomi has left for the beach, that the cold front is about to hit. we see naomi and her friends arrive at the beach while jack rushes to save them. he's calling her repeatedly, but she doesn't pick up. nami's about to be grounded for the rest of her life. their guy friend is surfing when they notice the dense fog coming their way. the teens find it so freaking cool and start instagraming it. i don't want to call them dumb. i would have done the same. jack finally reaches the beach and starts explaining to naomi what the fog is. between fight and flight, he chooses knowledge. jack asks their guy friend to come out of the water, but the dumbass instead asks him, what is the matter? the fog gets the slowpoke and his girlfriend, freezing them. both naomi and jack run away as the fog follows them. there is no way they could have avoided the fog, but because of the protagonist logic, they do. the two drive off in jack's car. jack calls brent while driving and says that he saw two people get killed by the cold front and it will soon hit the city. brenn finally believes him and runs to announce the emergency to the people. emma reaches her parents home and is about to take them to the safe place, but jack calls her and asks her to stay at the house, since the cold front is faster than he assumed. everyone in australia starts to panic. after the news is broadcast, people do what they usually do at the time of emergency, stock up everything they can get their hands on, electric heaters, cables, lpg and so on. back in the movie, walter finally realizes that jack was right, but doesn't acknowledge it. he hates him for some reason. he asks his secretary to arrange a meeting with some high class people like him to discuss a solution. but doesn't want to include jack, even though he was the one who found out about the cold front first. the city of hobart is in chaos. people are starting to seal their doors and windows as a precaution. then the awaited cold front finally hits. the emergency sirens wail and people start to run. why were they still in the streets in the first place? the fog starts freezing everyone and everything. it's like the ice age all over again. a plane that was about to land in hobart crashes into the ocean because of the fog. in the following scene, a woman is in a bar waiting for her death. meanwhile, jack and naomi are in his car, still being followed by the fog. it just never seems to get them. they reach the lab where zoe is and run inside, seconds before the fog can get them outdoors, everything is frozen, while the inside of the lab is warm because of the central heating system. now the fog travels to emma's parents home, just then a girl knocks at their door, begging them to let her in. they bring her in before the fog gets them. the girl has severe frostbite and is looking for her little brother, who got lost in the fog. she better stop searching. the family helps her and brings her warm clothes. the department in charge of this whole cold front thing gets a call from bryn. he's in a help shelter where people who don't have anywhere to go have gathered. he says, there have been many casualties. yeah, no. [ __ ] brent, a clip shows us the said casualties. our boy jack somehow does the science thing and figures out a way to stop the cold front. he calls his boss, walter, who has already found a way to stop the rift. he wants to launch hot air balloons at the sky carrying gases and chemicals that will close the rift in the ozone. but our main voice says that it won't work and that he has a better plan. walter hangs up after saint jack should just work on keeping his family safe. it's now night time, and zoe finds out that similar rifts have been occurring throughout the world, japan, london, russia, china, basically everywhere. the first rift triggered further rifts and will create more now the whole world is in danger of freezing. the icro is now working with the emergency response center. erc they're working on launching the air balloons into the air. this is their only hope to stop the cold front. if australia pulls this off, the other countries will follow. just then, even the erc's headquarters are covered by the fog, but they are safe inside. their leader motivates the employees, saying that they are the people's last hope. now, only an hour is left for the balloon launch. walter's secretary asks him to get jack on board with their plan, but walter disagrees. i swear he's jealous of jack about something. the balloon project has an 85 success rate, so the world might still have a chance to not freeze to death. 20 percent of the planet has now been affected. at the royal australian air force base, 300 balloons are prepared, but nature has different plans. another cold front is about to hit the base, and their plan is about to go in vain. the leader of erc orders for the balloons to be launched as soon as possible. after they're launched, everyone awaits the results impatiently. outside, everything is completely frozen. a ship carries two jets required for the same mission, but it's hit by the cold front too. the aircraft takes off at the last moment and are saved. but the carrier is completely frozen along with its crew. walter's secretary is skeptical about the mission success. so she calls jack. she tells him about the carrier being destroyed and sends him the link to monitor the mission's progress. the balloons finally reach the target position and altitude. the aircraft from earlier fire missiles to burst the balloons and let the gas into the atmosphere. the plan is successful and the gas is led into the air. now they'll have to wait for it to work and fix the rift in the ozone layer. after a while, the results come back, and they see the rift has only been closed by 14 walter's poor plan failed. jack had already predicted this. so what's new? the fate of humanity is in jack's hands. now. walter shamelessly calls jack and asks him about his plan. jack wants to launch three jets with ammonium nitrate, which will be ignited and activated by the lightning in the atmosphere above the ozone rift. this will repair the broken ozone layer. walter agrees with the plan and contacts stratton oakmount new york for the rockets. he asks jack to calculate the target and payload as quickly as possible, and hangs up. jack gets to work and starts the calculation but just then zoe falls unconscious. she is diabetic and her insulin has gone down. jack takes it upon himself to fetch insulin for zoe. yes, the cold outside is fatal, but now that our protagonist has to go outside, it has changed to negative 50 degrees celsius, which is just enough for him to survive. he asks nami to help zoe and goes out to his car. he somehow manages to get to a pharmacy where he's attacked by the owner for trespassing, after saying that humans have brought this upon themselves to a dying person. he takes the insulin and comes back. meanwhile, the girl, rescued by emma earlier, dies on the couch as emma cries, mourning the stranger's death. at the lab, walter calls jack and is surprised when naomi picks up. he asks the girl to send them the calculations. however, as naomi works, the generator in the lab stops working. the stratton ogmons official calls walter to tell him that the jet space will be attacked by a cold front in just a few minutes, and they need the calculations quickly. but jack is out of contact. he finally reaches the lab and injects zoe with the insulin. then he fixes the generator. he's a scientist, a doctor, an electrician, you name it. jack successfully gets the light back and sends the data to walter, who then sends it to the place it needed to be sent. the jets take off and spread the chemicals right above the rift. the lightning gets aggressive, as everyone in the lab and erc watches the monitor in anticipation. a view of the earth from space shows us the rift getting smaller. walter finally announces that the ozone levels have jumped to 80 percent. everyone celebrates success and happiness. back at emma's parents's a car parks outside. naomi runs out of it to hug her mother. jack and emma kiss, finally, having solved their relationship issues after almost dying. so that's how the movie, arctic blast goes. hope you liked the video. don't forget to leave a like and comment. i'll see you next time. 