welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and after a huge two weeks of stranger things reveals, I thought I'd take a look at one of the alternate theories about the show's ending, as well as the evidence to support it. whilst the majority of people, including myself, believe that the post-credits scene of stranger things reveals the fate of one of the key characters, has actually another big possibility. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down all of the evidence that shows that maybe not everything is as simple as it seems. now, from here or now, returning the spoilers up to 11. so if you haven't seen the final episode of stranger things 3 and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. if you're still here. thank you so much for clicking the video. now let's get into my alternate ending theory for stranger things 3. okay, so just a quick wrap-up of what most people think happened at the end of stranger things. and the final action scene of the finale, we saw Jim Harper trapped on the walkway that housed the Russian weapon that was being used to open it air into the upside down. Jim, left with no real options, escaped through the doorway into the upside down. and then from here, he was picked up and come checked her through the other tear that the Russians were seen to have been creating in the opening of the first episode. he's held prisoner and is locked away in a Cell, whilst the other captives around him are fed to the demo korkin. it all makes sense and seems pretty straightforward. however, there's an alternate theory that the American in the cell could in fact, be none other than dr. Brenner, aka Elevens father. but what evidence is there to support this? I mean, Brenner did die, right, didn't he? well, not really. whilst he was attacked by the demagogue and at Hawkins middle school at the end of season one, similar to hopper, his body was never found, and he was never killed on camera. you know the rule of TV comics and Halloween movies, right? if there's nobody and they're not dead. in season two, eight brings up a projection of Brenner to inspire 11. and there's also some lip service paid to the fact that he's still alive and out there. in addition to this, there are several interviews with the duffer brothers in which they've confirmed that Brenner is still alive. and they even stated that he would be making an appearance in season 3, though this never materialized, or did it? well, if he is the prisoner in the cell, then that means that he's still made an appearance in some way in season 3 without actually being on screen. whilst I would love for the prisoner to be hopper, it doesn't really make much sense that the Russians would actually keep him alive. hopper can't really offer much of their experiments, and if he were to escape, he could blow the whole thing open. Brenna, on the other hand, is a master scientist, and the Russians would want to keep him alive purely for the fact that he could help improve their technology and provide them with more ways to access the upside down and build psychics. there's even potential at Brenna has been held captive by the Russians for a long time, and he is the real genius behind their experiments. xi has also apparently lost her powers at this point, and we saw in season 2 that even just a projection of him was able to get her fired up once more. and on a rampage in season 4, Branagh could once again be used as a way to make xi regain her strength and become even more powerful. whilst I do think Jim Hoffa is alive, there's always been one point in my theory that I've never been able to explain, and that is, how did he get from America to Russia? in the upside-down? it's far too distant to travel, and I can't really see him making the journey down. but though I do think hopper did flee to the upside down in the finale of season 3, it doesn't mean that the brenna theory is untrue either. what if in the finale we saw hopper hop into the upside down, and then from now we cut to Russia to see Brenna in the cell? it grants both characters a way to come back. and I definitely think it works. the more I think about it, the more it makes sense. and I can definitely see this being the case when we get to season 4. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this theory, and if you agree with me or not comment below and let me know? and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the hidden voicemail message in stranger things season 3 that gives us some hope about how hopper could still be alive. I'll leave that linked at the end, and hopefully I'll see you over there. after this. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the theory in the comments below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 