in 2045, the planet is on the brink of chaos and collapse, but people find salvation in the oasis, an expansive virtual reality universe created by james holliday. when holliday dies, he promises his immense fortune to the first person to discover a digital easter egg that's hidden somewhere in the oasis. when young wade watts joins the contest, he finds himself becoming an unlikely hero in a reality-bending treasure hunt through a fantastical world of mystery, discovery and danger. the contest has lured a number of gunters, or egg hunters, and the interest of nolan sorrento, the ceo of innovative online industries, who seeks to control the oasis himself in order to insert intrusive online advertising. ioi uses a number of indentured servants, as well as an army of employees called sixers, to find the egg. wade watts is an 18 year old living in columbus, ohio with his aunt alice and her abusive boyfriend, rick. wade's avatar, parzabal and avid gunter, participates in the first challenge, an unbeatable race, alongside his best friend h and art iii miss, a female avatar who parzival has a crush on parzival regularly visits holiday's journals, a simulated archive of holiday's life and hobbies run by the curator acknowledging a phrase by holiday. wade realizes the race can be won by driving backwards, receiving the copper key from anorak. r3 miss, etch and his friends daito and show all win the race, thereafter, later collectively named the high five on the oasis scoreboard. sorrento asked the mercenary iroc to learn wade's true identity with the intent of bribing him to win the contest on ioi's behalf. wade and art three myths discover from the journals that holliday once dated morrow's wife, karen kyrah underwood. but holliday's anxiety led them to watching a movie rather than go dancing. wade and art three miss visit the distracted globe nightclub to look for clues, where wade confesses his love and true name to art three miss. they survive an ioi raid in which art iii miss abandons wave, explaining that her father died in debt to ioi iroc, who was eavesdropping on their conversation, informed sorrento of his findings. sorrento contacts wade with his offer. when rejected, sorrento destroys wade's home, killing alice and rick among others. art three misses player, samantha cook, takes weight in. together they realize the second challenge relates to holliday's regret toward not pursuing a relationship with kira, along with etch daiito and show parzival and art iii, myths search a recreation of the overlook hotel from the shining art iii miss asks keira to a dance and wins the jade key. sorrento's subordinate finale. zandor storms the gunders hideout, taking samantha to an ioi loyalty center to pay off her father's debt. wade escapes with the help of the other high five users, helen harris, h toshiro, gaito and zhao show in helen's truck by hacking sorrento's oasis rig. the group learned where samantha is being held, allowing her to escape confinement. the third challenge is found in castellano rack on planet doom, where players must guess holiday's favorite atari 2600 game to earn the crystal key. iroc places a force field around the castle using the orb of osibox, but r3 miss is able to deactivate it. the high five lead an army of oasis players against the sixers. sorrento fights back in mecca godzilla, but each daito and art three mist destroy his avatar using the iron giant, a gundam and a madball shaped bomb. parzival destroys samantha's avatar, allowing her to flee ioi and is picked up by the high five. parzival reaches the console, but sorrento detonates the cataclys bomb, wiping out every avatar on planet doom, including himself. parzival survives using an extra life coin given to him earlier by the curator in a bet. he plays adventure, winning the crystal key by locating its programmer's easter egg. he uses the three keys to enter a treasure room where anorak offers him a contract to sign. parzival recognizes it as the one morrow signed when holliday forced him out of the gregarious games, and refuses to sign it. anorak transforms into holiday, who expresses his regrets in life handing over the easter egg sorrento confronts the high five, but relents upon seeing wade with the egg. he and finale are arrested for the bombing ogden. morrow appears, revealing he is the curator. wade decides to run the oasis with the high five, inviting morrow to join them as a consultant. the ioi loyalty centers are shut down, while the high five make the controversial choice to close the oasis every tuesday and thursday so people can spend time in the real [Music] world. 