in 2154, earth, citizens live in poverty. the rich and powerful live on elysium, a gigantic space habitat in earth's orbit. elysium is technologically advanced with devices that can cure all diseases, reverse aging and regenerate body parts. a feud exists between elysium and earth, whose residents want elision technology to cure their illnesses. max decosta lives in los angeles and works at an assembly line for armadine run by ceo john carlisle, who designed elysium. armadine produces elysium's weaponry and the robots that police earth. during an industrial accident, max is trapped in a kill and is exposed to a lethal dose of radiation. he is rescued and informed that he has five days to live. carlisle refuses to help him, and max is only given medication to stop the symptoms until his death. max and his friend julio, seek help from a human smuggler named spider to get him to elysium in order to use a medbay. when three ships carrying immigrants from earth attempt to reach elysium, defense secretary delacorte orders agent kruger to destroy them. two shuttles are shot down in space, but the third is not. once on elysium, everyone on board is killed or deported. elision. president patel reprimands delacorte for her response and threatens to fire her unless she tones down her actions. krueger is dismissed from service. delacorte gives carlyle millions of dollars in weapon contracts to create a program that can override elysium's computer to give her the presidency. carlyle stores the program in his brain to take to elysium, and encrypts it with a program that would kill him in case of any attempt to manipulate or extract the data. spider agrees to get max to elysium if he can steal information from carlisle. spider's men surgically attach a powered exoskeleton to max. with julio and spider's men, max shoots down carlyle's ship. in the fire fight with carlisle's security droids, carlisle dies. max downloads the program to his suits neural implant, but the encryption makes it unusable. alerted to the data theft, delacorte reinstates kruger and deploys him to recover the program. in a shootout, julio is killed and max is wounded. he contacts his friend frey, a nurse. frey begs max to take her daughter, matilda, to elysium to be cured of leukemia. but max refuses in order to protect them. krueger, alongside mercenaries drake and crowe, arrive and interrogate frey. when krueger realizes that matilda is sick, they take frey and matilda aboard his ship while his drones hunt for max. delacorte orders an airspace lockdown over los angeles. max delivers the program to spider, who discovers that it can be used to make earth's residents elysian citizens. the lockdown makes it impossible to leave earth, so max bargains with kruger to be taken to elysium, unaware that kruger is holding frey and matilda hostage. as kroger's ship leaves earth, spider and his men take advantage of the lifting of the lockdown and board a ship towards elysium. meanwhile, in kruger's ship, a fight erupts and kruger is wounded by a grenade, which disables the ship's engines after the ship crashes on elysium. max is knocked out by drake, while fray escapes with matilda to a mansion and discovers that med bays only work for elysian citizens. crow arrives and subdues frey with a taser. max, frey and matilda are taken to delacorte, who orders the decryption of the program, despite the fact that it will kill max. she then orders frey and matilda to be taken away by crowe, who locks them in a room. after being restored in a med bay, kruger kills delacorte, drake and crowe assassinate elysian political officers in order to seize control. having escaped his confinement, max, knowing that medbay's only work for elysian citizens, resolves to use the program and give everyone on earth illusion citizenship. after being ordered by kruger to kill frey and matilda, crowe prepares to rape frey first, but max kills him and drake and frees frey and matilda. max meets up with spider, who has frey and matilda escorted to a med bay. they head for elysium's computer core, but are ambushed by kruger. max rips out kruger's neural implant, rendering his suit immobile. krueger tethers himself to max's suit and arms a grenade to kill them both. max rips off the tether and hurls krueger over a ledge, killing him. spider and max reach elysium's core, where spider realizes that the program's activation will kill max. max activates the program as max dies. elysium's core reboots and registers every earth resident as an illusion citizen. president patel arrives, but the robots refuse to arrest spyder, whom they now recognize as a citizen. matilda is cured by a medbay, and elysium's computer dispatches a fleet of medical ships to treat the people of [Music] earth. [Music] you 