[Music], i aaron wallace. i'm under the permanent custody of the state of new york being a prison paralegal representing fellow inmates. that's my only commodity, serving a life sentence for something i didn't do, being a lawyer proving my innocence. that's how i'm gonna get myself out of here. are you saying the district attorney's office is racist? there's no question. the system's broken. for anybody who doesn't have power or money, maskins, who's in a neck and neck battle for attorney general against anya harrison, every day, every second. i'm not that far for you. you didn't tell me aaron wallace was going scorched earth on maskins. [Music], it's gonna be a blessing, dad, but you have to get out of here to be a part of it. i'm gonna need you to let things cool down till after the election. that was the deal we made with masking. i was hoping maybe you could do something for me, the only one i could trust. what is this all about? i told you it's best you don't know. what do you mean? my police file? i'm going to sue the nypd to release it. i see no reason to grant access. why would you even fight your case? i'd find another way. the police refused to give mr wallace the records from his case. they're afraid. even if he's guilty, i still want him out for jazz or for you. you know, i want to be with you. i know you're going to threaten to revoke my privileges. but you do that, you are not going to get there until i have on the guards on the drug train. doesn't you think he knows you still love dad? i think he understands there are different kinds of love. i thought you could have a look at my file because you took my brother's case. is that why you took it to get to me? all i'm asking is for two hours, look it over. it's not hard enough for her. he's not her father. he's not willing to take on that responsibility. maybe he should get out of your bed. he's wallace. we're here from the district attorney's office. we'd like you to come with us. i got yourself a career as a nurse, a new man. you are so much better off without him. your husband is poisoned. mrs wallace. i just can't fathom why he would be helping him. now, you got kids. what would you do if someone came along one day and tried to blow everything up? everything you cared about? man, you think aaron's gonna find some way out of this. now he's a lawyer. he's gonna suck you back in, and you're gonna take your eye off for everything else that matters. so cop rings my doorbell and hands me this, your entire police file. this is a story how they got me. this is gonna get me home. we are cracking down on any kind of drug trade, while bill is the main distributor. but how he gets him inside? a captain, how don't you get your hands on this? what matters is that this can get me my retrial. we need to confront this head-on. up the dogs, up the security checks. people start. no wonder you snitched. you got an aaron wallace problem. i'm difficult in me. you want to catch this guy, you got to retreat. make him feel safe. if you don't, you're gonna get me killed. that's my phone. now, i got a name for you. foster. frank foster, captain up there, after an exhaustive search these last few days. i see no need to bring in osi or any outside investigative agency. dad, what are you doing here? belong to marie's mother. you know, aaron never signed the divorce papers. he doesn't know how to leave you. so you gotta be the one to do it. how are we supposed to tell our people we support a candidate whose wife wants to take away their jobs? so you gotta fix this. get me my endorsement back. turn over the search for an application. angelo torres was the manager of my club. he was a key witness in my trial, and he was on that payroll the whole time. that guy. anytime he up for release, he figured out a way to get locked up. he ain't got nothing to lose. there's no reason to say that anything's gonna happen for me anytime soon, and i can't ask you to wait. this is my table, and you got the color section right back there. holy smokes, pal. what happened to you? moral clarity? you ought to try sometime. as long as we get them too pitted against each other, we just wait and see who's standing after the dust clears. we ruined people's lives. how many lives glenn, while we were doing our job. what's up folks? you got any idea how it all went down? and starts to throw his weight around. i expect you to come to me, mr barton. i'm an attorney. i'm the reason you were transferred here. i'm here to see billy. he wrote me about a case. the election's in six weeks. you need to hit maskings. i got the keys, son. who's the horse papers? i wanted to give you these a few days ago. i was three nazis in medical man also got my burner. you don't want to get mixed up with him not coming back. i don't know. i really don't sort of just shake down frankie cell they found the piece of bible. i'm not gonna let this blow up in my face. aaron, well, this is the right i need you to go to foster, get him to testify. captain foster, i understand you have information about the incident. even wallace is working for are you talking about cassius talking? you need to do something about it. you told us that you would. i'd like to offer my letter of resignation. i'll be out of your hair in two weeks. i think it's time to fight for a retrial. but i gotta know you're with me. all this stuff with the bible and the warden. you've been playing us. man. you got a plan, i guess, to take him out of here. cash has got a problem with me. he got to take it over me. hey, jamal, you got a riot in the gym. all departments initiate a full facility lockdown. richardson, she's not just another witness. she's the reason it started. and her father just so happens to be one of masking's biggest donors. cyrus will be taking over until you're here. three prisoners dead, another 36 seriously entered. you're a novice mastery might it looks just awful for sophia massery, and it's gotta roll downhill to her wife. and as the next attorney general, he'll fight to ensure that new york has the most ethical, intelligent and nimble system of criminal justice in the nation. if you're innocent, you'll be given a fair shake. but if you're guilty, well then get ready for the fight of your life, ma'am. can you arrange all this? meet me down here. cassius dawkins, thought you were a rap put a hit on you. jamal convinced him he would do it. that's how he got the shift. if dawkins crew spreads that, you're the rat. you're not gonna have any friends in there. you need to put him for a transfer. you switch judges. you wanted someone who's done it for me. come on. that's got nothing to do with us. he was in danger. i needed to warn him. you had to do it personally. i am responsible. anya. mr barton, mr rodriguez, you may go. your testimony will not be required by the court. i need to call one more witness, and who would that be? her name is lexi richardson. jamal bishop left on wallace's bed right before the riot. and it proves that wallace had no idea what bishop was planning, and only went to the gym to stop the violence. this is an affidavit of daughter's high school friends. according to her, lexi's been doing drugs since the 10th grade, and otherwise i'm gonna have to make lexie go through all that. when glenn maskins came to the hospital on that night that he targeted me to gain access to you, i don't know, mom, what i think my water just broke. i'm sorry for what but you lost. no mention of aaron wallace in speeches, no mention of a corrupt attorney general. the abundant enthusiasm and confounding specificity with which the district attorney pursued this case, i am compelled to find that a re-trial is warranted. [Music]. but i guess your wife wasn't particularly concerned with that. she went snooping through mexico's confidential patient files. and that's a felony. friend, jamal bishop, he's gonna get charged with attempted murder. there's a self-defense argument for that. no, no, our size guy. abandon your efforts at a retrial. in exchange, i take it easy on your wife, then make sure your friend gets taken care of. diplomacy not exoneration. never call it time served and you can be out. i'll still be a felon. it's a shame, mr hunt, had to go ahead and end the lock down before your transfer order was processed. now looks like it's going to be delayed indefinitely. you 