[Music], farcry. new dawn is finally here. and sinlessly other games from the franchise, there's a lot to embattlement. the standalone expansion serves as a narrative continuation of Far Cry 5, with the world still coming to grips with the nuclear attack known as the collapse, the devastating conclusion to Far Cry 5 has completely rocked the landscape of Hope County. and new dawn follows the tales of the survivors of this hellish world. the game itself possesses two endings that build on the law and bring the character's story to a somewhat satisfying conclusion. but how do you obtain these endings and what actually happens in there? well, throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the two final cutscenes of the game, as well as how to get there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't completed far crying, you dawn and don't want to know either ending, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I play it. so you don't have to. Far Cry new dawn has both a good and bad ending, and both alter the game in pre-major ways. the ending you get boils down to the simple choice of whether to kill Mickey and Joseph or to let them live. firstly, Mickey promises that if you spare her life that you'll never see her again. this is a difficult one, as she's been pretty ruthless about killing people throughout the game. but on the other hand, she seems to have finally realized the error of her ways, and the character looks like she wants to change. the second choice comes with whether to kill or spare Joseph. similar to Mickey, he comes to the realization, I had caused a lot of death and suffering in the name of God. the character begs you to kill him, even putting your gun to his chest while it's pleading that you give him a one-way ticket to the afterlife. what you choose to do here impacts the ending in several ways, which I'll now break down, starting with what happens if you kill the characters. if you decide to kill Mickey and Joseph, and, hey, who could blame you? the game ends with Carmina and you sharing a beer by Russia's grave. you can go visit where you murdered the characters and nothing is there, so you don't have to worry about any highwaymen or new eden worshipers who are out for revenge. all in all, this is classed as the bad ending that most players will get on that first run-through of the game, as the two characters are probably too dangerous to leave out in the world, even if it is a bit of a crap hole. so if you do the opposite and spare them, what happens then? well, if you decide to spare the two, you still get the same seen how Russia's grave, but you actually get rewarded for being the bigger person. when you go back to visit where you last left Mickey, it seems that the character has been true to her word and has stuck to the promise that she gave you. on a rock beside where you had the choice to kill her, you will find a helmet with an O that reads, it deals a deal, rabbit. I'm out. you'll still have some Highwaymen to deal with. they won't want to give up the good life they've got here, but that's your problem to solve. me I'm gonna head back east and look for my mom a long time ago, or dad made us leave her behind. I'm gonna go see if he's still alive out there. it's a long shot, but it's all I've got left. so it seems like Mickey is finally on a righteous path, as it were, and she's trying to mend her ways. a lot of fans have theorized that the next Far Cry game may even feature Mickey as the main character, and you'll be able to see things from her point of view. this would give you the option to either go good or bad, depending on whether you want to stick to your word or not. and it would give the players a lot to look forward to. she's definitely an interesting person, so I, as I'm sure you, would love to see things from her point of view. but don't think that it ends there. Josef is still out there to remember. and if you return to the place where you spared him, you'll get the complete opposite to Mickey. there's no, no nobody and no sign that he has really done anything. of course, after he begged for you to kill him, leaving him alive is a bigger but I'd imagine that if they do go the secret route with Mickey, that we once again find him as the main antagonist, devising devious plans for the future based on how he can bring the Word of God to the people in the most brutal way. overall, that's the conclusion of the two choices. and I do think the latter is definitely teasing towards a sequel, which you hope to get at some point in the near future. so what were your thoughts on the ending of far cry new dawn, and which one did you pick? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the ending of Kingdom Hearts, which will be linked after this video. this is the channel for the hardcore players. so if that's the kinda thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again to take the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 