in this mystical restaurant, the more food the people above eat, the worse the people down floor would be. the whole movie has only one line, but the audience could still feel its depth in a dark room, the bald man was staring at one thing only, a table full of delicious dishes. diners dressed in proper clothes were sitting at the same table. fragrant sausage, delicious fresh meat. the diners here seem wealthy. a man in a military uniform has a serious face. there are also elegant, upper-class people. this man looked like the leader of a cult. his hair and beard were all faded. they all shared a same thing, which was the dust on their clothes. but they don't talk to each other. they just eat, under the bald guy's command. the food was delivered continuously. there's a slightly special person here, which is this beautiful woman. she didn't eat anything. she looked around with angry eyes. no one noticed her. the waitress constantly delivers food. after that, everyone continued to chew voraciously, with scary eyes. there was a sound on the ground. the waitress put down the plate. they have taken a look at each other, and then backed away. suddenly, the dining table with the guests and the ground fell together down the floor. the bald man was calm and took notes. the next floor, he said through the device. all the waitresses hurriedly packed everything up and went downstairs. the lamp slowly lowered. a female guest looked up at the ceiling. there are many holes. it turned out that they had fallen from the upper floors many times. the waitresses quickly helped diners to wipe off the dust. they were no longer strangers to this. some even immediately continued to eat. new dishes were also brought out. the food was becoming more and more exotic as well as expensive. diners still don't stop eating. only the other girl still refused and didn't eat, while no one noticed. the new dishes were brought out. not long after, they continued to fall. the bald man and the attendant quickly followed. but this time, when the waitress had not finished arranging, the table continued to fall. the bald guy immediately ordered the staff to go down to the next floor. this time, they heard the sound from the lower floor, when they haven't even close to it, he changed his mind. he moved downstairs and waited for the guests to fall down. the guests upstairs saw the waitresses have left. there was not much food on the table. they picked up the food with their hands and stopped using knives and forks. someone even took other people's food. at that time, the other girl eventually felt hungry. she picked up the food in front of her. she smiled. she has also taken someone else's food. but her tears fell. it was as if she had been unable to resist and fell into lust. the sound from the ceiling grew louder. the bald guy and the waitress were also ready. an extremely terrible noise was heard. the dining table fell, but it didn't stop. it fell continuously down the floors. it seems that no floor can bear their weight. that is the same as the fact that nothing can satisfy their greed. the bald man gave a confusing smile. everything seems to be in his plan. each delicious dish on the table is like countless temptations in life. maybe we can you 