[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and after the force was strong at d23 this weekend, Disney have released online the special look that was shown at the Expo. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the first look, as well as everything you missed and how this lines up with the plot details that we already have. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything about the film potentially ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now, let's get into my breakdown of the d23 special look. ok? so the trailer opens with the trip down memory lane that sort of encapsulates just how much the Skywalker's have been central to the entire Star Wars saga, and how the newly introduced characters from episode 7 have pretty much been passed the torch, or rather, lightsaber, and are now integral to the progression of the galaxy. we then get a new look at the upcoming film, which shows the resistance members arriving at a desert planet. the film itself is rumored to center around a device known as the wayfinder. this is capable of locating an arsenal of weapons that was hidden by Palpatine before his death. and both the first-order and resistance are desperate to get their hands on it. in the beginning of the film, this is reported to kylo by the Knights of Ren who, as we know, return for this film. the film reportedly takes place one year after the last Jedi and due to the events of that movie, the first-order have conquered the galaxy. Hux has been replaced by a legion general pride, played by Richard II grant, and has been leaking information to the resistance in the hopes that they kill kylo and allow him to retake control. this is how the resistance learn of the wayfinder, and it sort becomes the MacGuffin of the entire movie. we see from the first look that Carrie Fisher is back, and, according to the leaks of ROS is now a high-ranking officer that works with Leia was the group go off on their expedition to find a Wayfinder. apparently, the way finest coordinates are in c-3po Zoe's memory unit in an abandoned Imperial blockade. here the heroes befriend the warrior Jana, played by Naomi. and we see in the trailer that c-3po has red eyes, which has many asking questions in the reported popeck that i covered recently, which he should definitely go watch. after this, c-3po turns evil in the film at one point due to a combat droid cpu getting uploaded to his head instead of the wayfinder. and this seems to line up quite a lot with the first look. we next see the resistance going head to head with the legion of stardestroyers. and for me, this is one of the standout shots of the trailer. you really get the feeling that this as the end of everything, and it makes for an awesome image. set to the background of the dark blue sky. rey - looks like she's brushing up on her Jedi's skills and still training at the Luke. Skywalker is no more, though he is rumored to appear as a force ghost throughout the film. we next see kylo on an ice planet, which is where a part of the wayfinder was said to be in the leaks. from here we cut to the death star being pulled out the shadows, is right, and run fight on it. this is obviously the last action set piece, and it looks like an incredible place to have a battle that is reminiscent of the final fight in Revenge of the Sith. apparently, the wayfinder leads them to the Death Star, and it's revealed that the weapons are actually Palpatine spirit. and uses this to possess a member of the Knights of Ren, played by Matt Smith, who will be voicing the character. the possession also seems to line up with the fact that we see Rey in the trailer with dog robes and double red lightsaber, which could indicate that the villain too, takes over here. though there is another possibility. personally, I don't think that they would give away their big twist in a trailer like this. and can imagine that it's from the training scene, in which Rey has a vision similar to Luke in the Empire Strikes Back, in which she sees herself going to the dark side and what she would become if she did. I doubt we will get much of this in the final movie. and whilst it's a cool scene, we haven't been building up three movies for her just join the dark side at the last minute. it's probably the standout moment of the trailer though. so definitely let me know if you agree with me or not. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the special look. and if there's anything that I missed them, make sure you leave it in the comment section below. if you want to see the full plot League breakdown, that definitely seems more legitimate. you to this trailer, then make sure you click it at the end. I got over the entire movies plot, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me and the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. well, so just one let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John with three and blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the star wars special look in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the bureau will be shipped out from them to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 