this man just woke up and was about to watch the television, but it lost the signal. the siren rang from the outside. he opened the window and was shocked. the group of people ran scattered. the helicopter crashed into the building. his girlfriend was also not by frantic passers-by. he was scared, but did not know what to do. a neighbor burst in. there was a bite on his neck. he broke into the toilet painfully. aiden realized something terrible. he immediately took the knife to protect himself. at this time, tv reported that there was a virus spreading rapidly. infected people would bleed their eyes, turned into zombies. when the neighbor got out of the toilet, he began to change. aiden grabbed his knife and kicked him out of the house. the scene outside was extremely gore. aiden was terrified. he tried to contact his relatives, but was unable to. he only received text messages that told him to live well and take care of himself. half a month later, the whole city lost electricity and water. he also ran out of food. but there was smoke and fire everywhere. outside, a corpse had entered his house from the ceiling avian swung it down with his cane, then blocked the hole with a surfboard. in desperation, he received a call from his parents. the younger sister had run to a safe haven, but his parents were trapped. they told him to contact his sister. suddenly, the line was disconnected. his parents must have met the zombies. aiden laid on the sofa. he was deeply hurt. one morning when he woke up, he was desperate and about to commit suicide. but then he saw a blonde girl through the window since the disaster happened. this was the first normal person he had seen while agitated. the chair fell down. luckily, he fell on the floor. he rushed over to the window. the woman made him more hopeful. the girl, eva also discovered aiden. she lived alone. when they talked together, suddenly, something happened in eva's house. she hastily pulled the curtain. they made an appointment to continue talking tomorrow. at night, aiden grabbed all the equipment that could contain water to collect rainwater. he stood by the balcony to shower. the next day, he didn't have to look at eva through the doorway anymore. he used the rope to send eva some things. suddenly, a zombie climbed into eva's apartment. aidan picked up a lot of items to throw on the zombie to attract its attention. the zombies on the balcony smashed the glass with its head. aiden picked up his baseball bat and smashed them to death. after experiencing the feeling of victory, he came up with an intention. he planned to meet eva, and the first thing was to find household appliances. he took the key of a dead neighbor. after entering the house, aiden found a girl in bed who has died for a long time. he was looking for things, brought the food into his backpack. he found a coil under the bed. when aiden took the coil, someone came in. it turned out to be another neighbor. he picked up the hammer, fought him and escaped. after that, aiden went home and checked his belongings. he discovered there were two rapes so house. aidan was about to go back, but his backpack was still in the living room. he bravely stepped out and met an old man holding the weapon. aiden hastened to explain that he had not been infected. the old man was not wary anymore. the old man said he was here. a few weeks ago, the owner of the house committed suicide, so he stayed here. he asked aiden if he had any friends. aidan didn't mention eva. the old man was very generous. he told aidan to get some more food. but while he was taking the food, the old man knocked him out. when aiden awoke, he was beside a zombie, his limb tightly bound. it turned out the old man was forcing the living man to feed his infected wife. while desperate, there was eva's voice on the radio for the old man not to find out about eva. aiden struggled to escape. the old man burst in ayden pushed him onto the bed. he and his wife were reunited through the radio. eva said the zombies attacked her home. aiden said he would definitely save her. after that, he rushed out the door. on the way, he luckily escaped the zombies and returned home. at this time, eva had no place to hide. sat alone in the corner of the balcony. aidan swung down by the bed sheet. as soon as he got down, a bunch of zombies rushed in. he then picked up his weapon and fought. eva, threw down the bed sheet to him, but the zombies climbed up as well. aiden rushed to the lower balcony and cut off the bed sheet. he encouraged eva to jump down, but now eva had no way to retreat. with iden's help, eva got out of danger. finally, they met each other after hugging tightly, they would face the danger together. he opened the door, attacked and then ran into the stairs. but as soon as he opened the door, a zombie rushed in, and aiden could not dodge and fell down with the other. the zombie attacked him, but eva rescued him in time. after rescuing aidan, they continued to run. because of the many zombies, it was very difficult to get out and run towards iden's house. eva just opened the door when something happened. aidan was knocked to the ground by a zombie, and outside there was a sound of biting. eva sat down in horror. aidan came in. there was a lot of blood on his shirt. he told her to keep their distance. he climbed onto the balcony and undressed. if there was a bite on his body, let's push him down. fortunately, aidan was fine. the blood on the shirt was the zombie's blood, two people had the motivation to live again. they quickly blocked the door with the refrigerator. the apocalypse continued, but they would fight together. 