Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I am going to explain the ninth episode of the South Korean survival drama \xe2\x80\x9cSquid Game\xe2\x80\x9d called \xe2\x80\x9cOne lucky day\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care! After Saebyeok\xe2\x80\x99s death, Sangwoo and Gi-hun are taken for the sixth and the final game. As they stand before each other, the staff reveals that in the last game, they will either have to be on the offense or defense. Gi-hun wins the toss and chooses offense. The two are then let into a field where they played the very first game, red light green light. In the middle of the field, a geometrical figure of a squid is drawn. The VIPs observe the game from a higher platform. The overseer explains to them that the last game is called the \xe2\x80\x9csquid game.\xe2\x80\x9d It was a children\xe2\x80\x99s game that was played in Korea many years ago. The attacker, Gi-hun, has to be inside the squid\xe2\x80\x99s drawing. To win the game, he has to run past the defense, Sangwoo, and tap the squid\xe2\x80\x99s face with his foot. If Sangwoo manages to push Gi-hun out of the squid drawing, he wins the game. And lastly, if one of them cannot continue the game for any reason, the last one standing will win. When they are inside the squid\xe2\x80\x99s body, Gi-hun asks the staff in what scenario they will not be able to continue the game. The staff replies that the last scenario is if a player dies, hinting that killing each other is absolutely fair in the game. The overseer tells the VIPs that any kind of violence is allowed in the squid game, and there are no restrictions. Gi-hun takes his position and ties his shoelace, ready to fight his old friend, while Sangwoo takes his position with a knife. The game finally starts, and Gi-hun asks Sangwoo if he remembers how they used to play this game when they were young. As Sangwoo tries to attack him, he throws dirt into his eyes and easily makes his way to the squid\xe2\x80\x99s neck. Just then, the sky goes dark, and it starts to rain. Sangwoo knows that Gi-hun is upset because he killed Saebyeok. He makes an excuse saying that she was going to die anyway; he just saved her from a lot of pain. However, Gi-hun doesn\xe2\x80\x99t buy his bullshit and calls him out for killing her because of his greed. Sangwoo finally comes clean and says that he killed her because Gi-hun would have stopped the whole game to save her. And since the majority would vote to stop it, he would have to go back home with no money. Gi-hun takes his knife out and tells him how Saebyeok stopped him from killing Sangwoo last night. He then says that he won\xe2\x80\x99t let Sangwoo take the money at any cost and attacks him. The two struggle, trying to kill each other with their knives. But they soon lose their weapons and combat with their hands under the rain. A while later, both are muddy and tired, but they don\xe2\x80\x99t stop fighting. Sangwoo gets his hand on a knife and stabs Gi-hun on his thigh. Gi-hun lies limp on the ground while Sangwoo asks him if he remembers this playground from the first game. He attacks Gi-hun with the knife with an intention to end him, but it only stabs his palm. Gi-hun bites his legs and turns the match around. Both are bloodied when Gi-hun sits on top of Sangwoo and attacks him with the knife. But instead of killing him, he stabs the ground beside his head. Even after all Sangwoo has done, Gi-hun doesn\xe2\x80\x99t kill him. He simply stands up and makes his way to the squid\xe2\x80\x99s face. The VIPs declare Gi-hun the winner, and the staff points his gun at Sangwoo on the ground. However, before Gi-hun can reach the head, he turns back and stops the man from shooting Sangwoo. He asks him if they both agree to terminate the game, will they get out alive. The staff calls the overseer and asks if that is possible. The VIPs are shocked to see Gi-hun willing to sacrifice all that money and hard work for his unfaithful friend. A heavily injured Sangwoo asks Gi-hun if he remembers his mother cooking them supper when they were little after they played every day. Gi-hun extends his hand to his friend and asks him to come home. But Sangwoo apologizes to him, takes the knife from the ground, and stabs himself in the neck. Gi-hun freezes in shock as his friend takes his last breath. Sangwoo tries saying something about his mother but dies before he can. A heartbroken Gi-hun cries while holding his dead friend in his hands. Gi-hun has finally won the game along with four hundred fifty-six billion won. In the following scene, Gi-hun is in a limo with the overseer. He has his hands tied and his eyes blindfolded so he cannot see the man. The overseer congratulates him for winning the game, but Gi-hun asks him who he is. Instead of answering, the overseer activates the gas valves in the limo, making Gi-hun unconscious again. After a while, the limo stops by the side of a busy road, and someone throws Gi-hun outside. Just then, a man helps Gi-hun by removing his blindfold. Gi-hun realizes he has something inside his mouth and spits out a credit card. He goes straight to the ATM and enters the card. Without thinking much about the pin, he enters his player number, 0456. Gi-hun then withdraws a single ten thousand won bill and sees he still has four hundred fifty-six billion won in his bank account. However, Gi-hun doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem happy about the revelation. In fact, he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t react at all. To him, the death of four hundred fifty-five people isn\xe2\x80\x99t worth the money in his bank account right now. He takes the bill and returns back to his house. On his way, Sangwoo\xe2\x80\x99s mother stops him and asks him about his injuries. The old woman asks him if he has heard from Sangwoo while Gi-hun just stands there holding his tears, having witnessed sangwoo\xe2\x80\x99s death a few hours ago. He then returns back home to see his mother lying limp on the floor. He asks her to wake up but unfortunately, she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t. Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s mother had died while he was away. He cries in pain and lays down beside her. The only reason Gi-hun joined the game again was to pay for his mother\xe2\x80\x99s treatment, but even she is gone. The scene then cuts to a year later. Gi-hun is on a train traveling somewhere. He looks to be in bad shape, as his hair has grown out and his beard is untrimmed. He has a grim look on his face like he had a year ago after returning from the game, indicating that nothing much has changed since then. It turns out that he is going to the bank where his money was transferred after the game. The bank manager sweet talks to him because of teh amount of money in his bank account. He wants Gi-hun to transfer his money to another account so that he would get more interest. As he talks, Gi-hun replies with vague answers and looks uninterested. After a while, Gi-hun gets up and surprises the manager by asking to borrow ten thousand won from him. The manager is left speechless but gives him the money anyway. With that money, Gi-hun goes to a beach and sits by himself while drinking. A woman selling roses insists he buy one, so he does. With the rose, she also gives him a tiny envelope. Gi-hun opens the envelope and is surprised to see a golden card with the symbol of the game card. On the back of the card, an address and time are written. Gi-hun is beyond surprised but is determined to find answers as to why the game was being played and who was behind everything. He goes to the address written on the card and ends up in a room with an old man lying on a hospital bed. When he goes near the man, Gi-hun freezes in shock. The man is player number one, Oh Ilnam. Gi-hun cannot believe his eyes and just stares at him in shock. Ilnam asks him for a glass of water, and he quietly gives it to him. Gi-hun composes himself and asks Ilnam who he actually is and if he was the mastermind behind the games. Ilnam ignores his questions and points out a drunk and passed-out man on the street through the window. He asks Gi-hun if he still trusts people after what he has been through. Gi-hun, in turn, gets more irritated by the second and asks him the same question again. Ilnam then tells him he wants to play a game. If someone helps the drunk man before midnight, Gi-hun will win, and Ilnam will answer all his questions, but if no one helps the drunk man, Ilnam will be the winner. Gi-hun loses his cool and strangles Ilnam, but he stops when the old man claims he wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t get answers to his questions if he kills him. Gi-hun quietly obliges and looks at the watch. Twenty minutes are left till midnight. They wait for someone to help the man in silence. After a while, Gi-hun again asks the old man who is he. Ilnam comes clean by saying that he is the mastermind of the game. He and some of his extremely rich friends were bored, even though they had a lot of money that had no happiness in life. So, they all came up with this plan to somehow make their life interesting. He wanted to meet Gi-hun because he hasn\xe2\x80\x99t used any of his prize money and is still living his old life. Ilnam asks if Gi-hun hasn\xe2\x80\x99t used the money because he feels guilty. Gi-hun claps back by saying that Ilnam should be the one with guilt for killing so many people. But Ilnam claims that the players came to the game at their will, and he didn\xe2\x80\x99t force anyone. Gi-hun then inquires why he joined the game himself when he could have just watched them. Ilnam claims that he missed his childhood days and wanted to live them one more time before dying of a brain tumor. As they talk, a girl approaches the drunk man in the streets but walks away right after. Ilnam continues saying he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t regret joining the game because he was the happiest he had been in a long time while he was playing with them. As he says his last words, only a few seconds are left till midnight. A police car stops in front of the drunk man. The girl who had approached him earlier had gone to ask for help from the police. Seconds before midnight, the man is saved, and Gi-hun wins the bet. But it is too late because Ilnam takes his last breath and dies before revealing any more things about the game. Gi-hun looks at the old man\xe2\x80\x99s face for the last time and leaves. Then, we see the flashback of the time they were playing the fifth game. The main man of the game takes off his mask and reveals himself to be Oh Ilnam. Back in the present, the overseer of the game, Inho, closes Ilnam\xe2\x80\x99s eyes. In the following scene, we see Gi-hun at a barber\xe2\x80\x99s shop. He has finally gotten closure from the mastermind of the game himself, so he feels better for the first time in a year. He walks out of the shop with bright red hair, indicating a new and fresh start. Gi-hun then goes to the orphanage where Saebyeok\xe2\x80\x99s brother lives. He greets the little boy, who starts talking once Gi-hun mentions Saebyeok. Gi-hun is there to fulfill the promise he had made to Saebyeok. He takes the little boy to Sangwoo\xe2\x80\x99s mother and asks her to take care of him. The old woman happily welcomes the little boy and treats him with love. Gi-hun then gives her luggage and leaves. After he is gone, she opens the luggage looking for a jacket for the little boy but finds it full of money instead. Surprised, she calls Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s name, but he is already gone. Gi-hun then makes his way to the subway while on a call with his daughter. He is going to the US to meet her after a year. At the station, he is beyond surprised to see the game\xe2\x80\x99s salesman who handed him the card and got him into all the chaos. The man is playing the same game with someone else and smiles when he sees Gi-hun. Gi-hun runs towards him, but before he can catch him, the man gets into a train and leaves. Gi-hun takes the card from another man who he was playing with and warns him not to go there at any cost. He then makes his way to the airport but calls the number from the card one last time. The person from the other end asks him for his name, date of birth and if he wants to play the game. Gi-hun tells him his name, surprising the man on the other end. He then tells him that he isn\xe2\x80\x99t a horse that they could bet on. The man recognizes him and calls him number 456. He tells Gi-hun to get on the flight and continue with his life for his own good. Gi-hun tells the man that he will never forgive the people who made them play the game. He cuts the call and turns back around, determined to bring the game to an end. Subscribe for more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like to help the channel out. Thank you for watching. 