[Music]. spider-man, into the spider-verse is one of the best comic book movies of 2018. and as always, there's a lot to unpack from both its ending and post-credits see. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie and its final act. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so fuel yet to see the film, or don't want to know its ending, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to. ok. so into the spider-verse opens with Peter Parker as he runs through the origin. it's pretty clear that this is the same spider-man from the Raimi films, so it's a nice nod to give the story some background from the get-go. we then cut to Miles Morales, our main protagonist. he lives in Brooklyn with his mother and policeman father, and it's a creative and streetwise kid, loved by the locals. Myles is highly intelligent, which has caused him to move schools. this is strained the relationship with his father, who wants what's best for miles, but Myles wants to go back to his old school where his friends are. throughout the film, we see that Myles feels out of place in school, and it's very difficult for him to fit in amongst the elite. the movie also showcases how Myles looks up to his uncle Aaron, and how spending time with him is the reason for his street smarts. his uncle Aaron wants Myles to express himself, so he takes them to a secret spot to spray paint. this is where we are introduced to the alchemax. and Myles, his life is sent spiraling out of control as he's bitten bias by their Myles stumbles into a fight between spider-man and kingpin, slash Green Goblin and the Prowler. and Peter notices that Myles is special like him. Peter dies in this fight, leaving Myles to promise to stop kingpin. as the villain opens a pole into another dimension. kingpin wants to open this portal because Vanessa and his son are dead, so he wants to take other versions of them from the multiverse. this is when miles meets Peter Parker from the 6-1-6 universe, who was an older and out-of-shape spider-man. he is trying to get back home, and Myles agrees to help him in exchange for training. we're then introduced to several other versions of spider-man, including spider-man hua Penny Parker. and they devised a plan to get home, and miles promises to destroy the machine. after their return journey, the story takes a turn for the worst when the spider gang fight kingpins men, and the Prowler is killed and shown to be miles as uncle, Aaron. this is Miles his Uncle Ben moment. and Myles learns that with great power comes great responsibility. Aaron worked for kingpin, but refused to kill miles, so kingpin killed him instead. this scene also showcases that Myles is not ready to take on kingpin, and despite a family decide that they will do it without him. however, Peter inspires Myles to take a leap of faith and shows him that anyone can be spider-man. this sets up the final act of the movie, where milestones, despite a family in a fight to get home and stop the kingpin opening another portal and destroying New York at the film's end, they win after one hell of a battle that nearly kills Myles, and all of the characters get to return to their respective worlds. it's a brilliant origin story that Peter flee sets a miles per eyes as the new spider-man. to me, this story is about how anyone can be spider-man. it shows an origin for all of the spider family and sets up that we can all be the hero, should we just take a leap of faith. it's a really powerful message that reminds us that we all have the ability to do the right thing, no matter the odds. I absolutely love this meaning behind the movie. Myles, his father, who was originally distrusting of spider-man 2, gains a new respect for him after he saves the city. and Myles shares this with his father after realizing how difficult his job actually is and how he just wants the best for his son. in the post-credits scene of into the spider-verse, we joined spider-man 2099, played by none other than Oscar Isaac. there were rumors that Isaac was cast in the film over a year ago, and it's great to see him behind the first Latin Spiderman in his New York apartment. 2099 uses a web sling and gadget that allows him to hurl across the universe to earth 66. earth 66, like its namesake, as the 1967 cartoon that aired during the 60s on CBS, the show recently saw a resurgence with a number of memes. so it's brilliant to see every surface year. as 2099 arrives at Earth 67, he bumps into that universes spider-man, and the two Spidey's recreate one of the show's most famous means fans will obviously lap this up. and I adored seeing the meme play out on the big screen. it's clear that Sony have some big plans for the expansion of the spider-verse, and I can't wait to see what they are. so what are your thoughts on the spider-man into the spider-verse film? did you enjoy the movie and where does it rank amongst the other comic book films of 2018? for you, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big comic book revelation, the flash. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I'd been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 