welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about cube2, hypercube. a young woman named becky wakes up in the cube. she enters another room. however, the room enters a state of reversed gravity as she is pulled up, and it is implied that she is killed. later, seven captives, kate simon, jerry, max julia, the blind sasha and the elderly mrs paley, find themselves trapped in brightly lit cubes, each with a panel on each of the six sides, which are doors to other rooms. they come across colonel thomas maguire, who informs the group that they must solve a code in order to escape. a wall then begins to close in on the group. they escape, while thomas intentionally stays behind and is killed. later, experiences around the cube reveal that gravity can operate in different directions in each room. while mrs paley, who is revealed to be a retired theoretical mathematician, and jerry realize that they may be in a tesseract or a hypercube. kate notices the numbers 60, 650, in every room. the group soon realizes that they are all in some way connected to izon, a defense contractor, mrs paley, opens a panel to reveal her being killed by simon, who is decapitated soon after by crystal beams. jerry thinks that it is a parallel universe, while max and julia think it is an optical illusion. later, while the group is sleeping, simon explains to jerry that he is a private investigator and is looking for becky, a missing is on worker. meanwhile, sasha hears a noise and awakens everyone. the group finds a floating square in the middle of the room, which grows into shifting variations of a tesseract before expanding into a lethal and rapidly spinning frame. the group flees into another room, but jerry is injured and eventually shredded by the tesseract, which grows rapidly. kate remains to save sasha, who is still trapped in the room, narrowly avoiding death as they group in one of the corners of the room where the tesseract cannot reach. as the tesseract conforms back to a cube and disappears, sasha and kate are separated from the group. as a result, simon starts to suspect that mrs paley is an undercover spy, so he gags her and ties her up. but crystal beams start protruding from the walls. simon tries to save mrs paley, but paley refuses to let him go, so he stabs her with his knife. max and julia, disturbed that simon killed mrs paley, leave and abandon him. they then begin to develop romantic feelings for each other and have sex. but unbeknownst to them, they are in a room that has zero gravity and time dilated. they age rapidly and eventually die. kate finds the corpses floating in the air, still in mid-coitus. simon, alone and hungry, goes insane. he encounters a parallel jerry and the missing becky and kills them both. meanwhile, kate finds grisly alternate realities of her death in other rooms and is horrified. sasha tells kate that time and space are distorted where they are, that the tester act will implode and reality is collapsing. she reveals that she is alex trusk, a computer hacker who is responsible for the creation of the tesseract. she also reveals that when she discovered that ison was putting people inside the tesseract, she tried to stop their operation, but was pursued. so she fled into the only place they wouldn't follow, the tesseract. kate, however, still believes that there is a way out. kate then finds simon and stabs him in the eye after he grabs her in another room. as simon appears behind alex, aged and blind in one eye, proving alex's space-time theory, alex claims that they are all dead, which causes simon to snap her neck, believing that if they are all dead, that it would not really matter if he kills her. now, kate finds that the tesseract is shrinking, and stabs simon in the leg with his knife and punches him in his throat, killing him. she looks at the numerous duplicates of jerry's watch and realizes that 60 659 is the time that the tesseract will implode. six hours, six minutes and 59 seconds. she takes alex's necklace, which is filled with confidential information on izon. the hypercube starts to wear away, and kate opens a panel in the bottom, revealing a black void. at six hours, six minutes and 59 seconds, she jumps in just as the hyper cube implodes. kate wakes up in the hands of ice on authorities in an unknown factory. she gives them the necklace, but because of their confidentiality, she is shot in the head and killed by one of the izon operatives. an ison authority reports that phase two is terminated as the operatives leave the facility. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 