[Music], nice new professor. who the hell are you? please? my name's russ rus taylor. black budget ops, destabilizing governments, protecting dictators, all for profit. by the way, i know enough to know i want nothing to do with the time the phoenix foundation was infiltrated by an ex-fbi psycho, resulting in it being defunded and shut down. and now your entire team is living in a red tape limbo of regret. a bio weapon featuring a next-gen version of a botulinum toxin was recently sold on the black market. and as you know, just one gram of the stuff could kill thousands. will you help me stop this? it's got to be mighty well, it's what we need to save. have you forgotten the whole global conspiracy? the the burn it all down? bishop said there were others, and they will not stop. you bought the phoenix yes, a few months ago. what you didn't think i recruited you all just for one mission? how would this even work? the same as before, only this time you'll be privately funded. and uh, after i pull a few strings, government sanctioned. this is home. he still thinks you work at a boring think tank. how much trouble am i in for failing to disclose the fact that you have a live-in boyfriend when you're right in the middle of getting your security clearance back? it's how every message ended. it's a visual trigger. it reminds them that they're they're part of something bigger. i found this photo in documents in the office of scientific research and development. it's a symbol of the group we've been looking for right now. this is from the 1940s. wherever they are, they've been around a lot longer than we first we have a name now, codex. it's riley's boyfriend. it's not like we're infiltrating the kremlin. we're going on double dates. yeah, you two are dating? yes, of course we are. hello, bathtub. give me 10 minutes and i'll have your 2 million. i'm a hacker. i go by artemis 37. i'm sorry i couldn't tell you all those work trips you were taking down, guys like donovan, or worse, aubrey ended it. couldn't stay at his place, and i didn't know where else to go. i feel like she's out there, like it's her. somehow they call themselves codex file47. what is that? it's the end of the world bomb was just a few blocks from here. someone is sending a message. yeah. so you have an idea who this guy is? mason mace. mason, the former fbi psycho that infiltrated phoenix, shut it down, all of it. hello, russ taylor, owner of everything you're trying to shut down. who the hell are you and whose authority? c.i.a, exactly. father of the year. we can't change the past. we're supposed to just trust you. no, but the same people shooting at you shooting me. and i want to find out why. go you killed the excess agents? oh, more than a few. gwen, i thought you were alive and kicking. that's her a month ago in italy. looks like you missed one. welcome. i'm anti gwen. i have an ant. 47 is a hypothetical plan to initiate a series of natural disasters that would plunge the world into chaos. your mother worked for dxs. all of this started with her. she had the strength. she knew what had to be done, and that's why they hunted us down. the c.i.a mine was an airplane accident. i barely survived. scientists who are willing to do what needs to be done. and what is that save the world. someone's got to slow him down. i'll set off the explosion manually. your mother never, never wanted any of this. last thing my father said to me was that he couldn't stop them, but then i could. need you to listen to something right now. 44 8 11 75 11. you got that, son. apparently, tesla was a contemporary of thomas edison and alexander graham bell. oh, this. this was taken in a dxs lab. these guys were all dxs. this is blowing my mind. i just want to give mack and desi the space they deserve. not sure, but it's capable of producing a powerful magnetic burst. so it might be a weapon designed to disable other weapons. i'm gonna send you that lie about wanting to join codex. you lapped it up. of course. you were lying. sure. why do you refuse to see what is actually happening here? what is that your compromise father has indoctrinated you to believe that you're working for the good guys. it wasn't cancer that took your mom. it was your government i'm gonna try something, but it means risking everything, everyone i love. [Music], i'm sorry. i used shiva back there to convince him that i've changed my mind. and once i'm inside codex, i figured out a way to stop her, you know, without all the needless to death. i can't find a hole in the logic of file 47. i hate it, but i don't have any other solutions. my mother was right. welcome home, angus. this is unbelievable. they built a whole city down here. i want to send 5047 to some friends in dc. okay, that is a terrible place. it's disputable, scientific proof that our planet is dying. no, no, no, no, no. oh god. you know what? i think you're right. we're not gonna make a change. you don't have a name. we couldn't decide. he believes in me, and now he has to believe in you. codex. codex dates back to the 14th century. used to be mother earth could protect herself. that's not the case anymore. things gotten out of hand. ross taylor, his mind and his resources were a perfect fit for us, but he refused our proposal. i believe you, shiba, to infiltrate kodak, yes, so matt can find out what their master plan is. yeah. and we were making a lot of progress until you two showed up. codex has a nuke, and every minute that you keep your guns trained on us, it gets closer to going off. i trusted you, and you broke me down. and you got me to trust you and let you in again and again. and when things got tough, you pushed me away. so i put us all in jail. it wasn't me. it was leland's call. he knew that you would betray us. i'm gonna have to set it off manually. this is a one-way trip. i can do this. the world deserves you. i managed to stop a full-scale nuclear explosion. we still need to sweep the area for weeks. like leland took the rest of codex into hiding. we destroyed their infrastructure and their plan. what i mean, egghead is, i don't want to talk about it right now. thank you for joining us. mr macgyver. we value your opinion. knowing isn't enough. we must apply. being willing isn't enough. we must do da vinci said that you 