[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2014 horror film babadook. so let's get started. the film begins with widow Emilia and her six-year-old son Sam. her late husband, Oscar, was killed in a car accident while driving Emilia to the hospital while in labor with Sam. Sam, who is portrayed as a child that is quite obnoxious and, frankly, annoying, has become overtaken with fears of imaginary monsters, often leading to insomnia, and even building weapons to fight the monsters. and is subsequently expelled from school for bringing these weapons. one night, Sam asks his mother to read a pop-up book called mr. Baba Dook. the story tells of a terrifying top-hat wearing man monster that torments his victims as they become aware of his existence. Emilia is disturbed by the book, and Sam becomes convinced that the babadook is real. Emilia loses a great deal of sleep over the next few weeks as she tries to comfort her terrified son. strange events begin to occur, doors opening and closing, strange sounds and even Amelia fighting, shards of glass in her food. Emilia thinks these are all related to Sam. Sam believes it's the babadook. Emilia tears up the book and throw it into the trash. after an incident where Sam breaks his cousin's nose, Sam has visions of the babadook, leading to a febrile seizure, and Emilia obtains some sedatives from a pediatrician. the next day, Emilia finds the babadook book has been reassembled in his honour her doorstep, with new pages having been added, talking about the babadook becoming stronger, and even pages of Emilia killing her dog, then killing Samuel, then killing herself. horrified, she burns the book and then goes to the police, claiming that she is being stalked. however, with no proof, the police can't do anything. after seeing a silhouette that resembles the babadook, she goes home scare. Emilia becomes a shut-in and grows more frustrated with Sam. and the visions the babadook continued. one night, Emilia has a vision of her late husband, Oscar, who says that he will return if she gives Sam Dean Amelia fleas, and the babadook possesses her. she breaks her dog's neck and attempts to kill Sam. Sam lures her into the basement and knocks her unconscious. Amelie awakens in this tied up. when she tries to strangle him, Sam strokes her face lovingly, causing her to vomit a black substance, seeming to expel the babadook. Sam reminds her that the book states you can't get rid of the babadook, and is dragged by an unseen force. Amelia saves Sam, but is forced by the babadook to rewatch visions of her husband's death. she challenges the monster and forces the babadook into the basement and locks the door. afterwards, we see Amelia and Sam have recovered. their relationship seems so much more loving and strong. they collect some worms from the garden, which Amelia brings to the babadook in the basement. the babadook then tries to attack her, but she is able to calm it down, and then it retreats and eats the worms. she returns to the yard to celebrate Sam's birthday. though there are many interpretations of this film, our favorite is that there was actually no Babbitt oh, and that this all took place in Amelia's head, and that the babadook was just a representation of Amelia's grief, depression, psychosis, tiredness and frustration with her son, that eventually she was able to control and manage by storing it in the basement. so that was the spoilers for babadook. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. remember to follow us on social media and to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 