the film begins with being shown to a widower named jihan. he worked odd jobs and became a burden to his aging mother. because of that, his wife left him and married another man. and the custody of their only daughter went to his wife. his wife is now living happily with her new family. with all the misfortune in his life, jihan tries to be a good father. on his daughter's birthday, he was desperate to take his mother's money to be multiplied in a gamble. luckily, he managed to win the gambling and get quite a lot of money. [Applause]. but as soon as he left the gambling arena, he was immediately chased by loan sharks who wanted to collect on his debt. seeing the hordes of loan sharks, jihan immediately ran away to save his money. but unfortunately, jihan was still caught. he tried to negotiate and was going to pay half his debt with today's winnings. when he checked the money, it turned out that all the money had disappeared. during the previous chase, he had hit a girl, and it turned out that she had stolen all his money. unable to pay his debts. the money lender forces jihan to sign a contract which states if jihan cannot pay his debts shortly, then his organs will be removed and sold. all that misfortune frustrated him, because on her daughter's birthday, he couldn't buy her good food and beautiful gifts. jihan feels he has failed to be a good father to his daughter. now in his life, all that was left was misfortune and a debt he would not be able to pay. amid that despair, jihan gets a glimmer of hope. at that time, a young man gave him a ticket to enter a game. [Music]. the young man said that if jihan managed to finish the game there, then he would get a lot of money. hearing that, jihan was immediately interested and followed what the young man said. long story short, jihan and other people with the same fate seems to have been taken in a car. they were sedated to maintain the secrecy of the venue. in addition, all their mobile phones and belongings were also confiscated and will be returned later when they return home. there were 456 participants gathered in a large room. the game place is managed by a mysterious person in a black mask, with his men wearing red clothes. they are very secretive about everything. even their identity should not be known by anyone. there jihan met several other participants, including sang woo, jihan's childhood friend, ilnam, the sick grandfather, a foreign worker named ally, a gangster named dok soo, a woman named m.i ryong and a north korean girl named say book. it turns out that say book is the girl who had previously stolen all of jihan's money. so when he saw her, jihan became very angry. but before they had time to take revenge, the committee came to their room. [Music]. then the committee explained that while they were there, they would play six games. several rules must be agreed upon by the players before the tournament starts, where players cannot stop in the middle of the game. then players who refuse to play will be immediately eliminated. and finally, the game will be stopped if the majority of participants agree. after agreeing to all the conditions, the participants were directed to a different room to start the first game. the first game they will play is a red light, green light. [Music]. there is a giant robot at the end of the room that will serve as a guard. when the robot says the green light, the players are allowed to move as fast as possible so that they get to the finish line before time runs out. but when the robot says red light, the players can't move at all. if caught by the robot, then they are immediately eliminated. sounds simple enough, but the reality is even more terrifying. how not the purpose of elimination in the game is not only issued, but shot to death. bullets came from various angles, and all of them were arranged so that they immediately shot anyone who moved during a red light. because of that, the participants were shocked and scattered across the playing field. unfortunately, that action did not help them, but made them all die in vain. jihan and the few remaining players are forced to finish the game, even though they have to see hundreds of corpses lying unkempt around them. they must continue to concentrate on getting to the finish line safely and not running out of time. those who have crossed the finish line before time runs out, will be declared pass from the first game and entitled to advance to the next game. jihan, who was previously left behind, tried to run as fast as possible in his last seconds, but unfortunately, he almost slipped and fell. luckily, ali tang was behind jihan managed to pull his shirt so he could survive, and finally escaped in the first game, i love you. meanwhile, those who were still left, due to running out of time, were immediately declared defeated and shot one by one. later, completing the first game, the participants were again collected in their rooms. of the 456 participants, now only 201 are left. the remaining participants were terrified because of what happened in the first game. as a result, they all ended it by voting. before voting, the committee reminded them that now the prizes collected have reached more than 25 billion. it is accumulated with the number of participants who have fallen. and if they choose to quit the game, then they will be sent home without carrying a penny. that, of course, made them all shaky. but in the end, with only one vote difference, they agreed to end the game. later the agreement, the participants were finally sent back to their respective areas. the next day, jihan decides to go to the police station to report the previous cruel game syndicate. he also told all the events from the beginning they were taken until they were returned home. the police, who heard all the stories, couldn't help but laugh. then jihan gives the game ticket he previously got from the mysterious young man. there is a phone number where you can be contacted. but when the police tried to confirm the number, it was just an ordinary woman who picked it up. this makes the police angry with jihan and thinks he is crazy. not long after, a policeman named june ho just arrived at the police station. for some reason, he is interested in the game tickets brought by jihan, and he asks the police for jihan's identity. who listened to jihan's story before? june ho seems to know something odd about the game, and unexpectedly, he also has the same ticket as jihan's. the ticket was found to belong to him, his long-lost brother. june ho felt that his brother must be at the game venue. elsewhere. jihan returns home feeling confused, looking for his mother. it turns out that jihan's mother is currently hospitalized due to acute diabetes. even the doctor advised him to immediately perform surgery. however, the mother chose to go home because she could not afford to pay for treatment at the hospital. it makes jihan sad and disappointed in himself. he even dared to borrow money from his ex-wife to pay for his mother's medical payments. but all he gets is insults from his ex-wife's new husband. and even his ex-wife also forbids jihan to approach his biological daughter. it also makes jihan angry and immediately beats the man. now jihan realizes that what the game committee said is true. the outside world is much crueler than what is happening out there. they will still be chased by debt and die at the needles of money lenders. all the harsh realities of the world also make jihan and the others interested in rey entering the game arena. [Music]. the night they all gathered and were picked up, like when they first participated. but what is different is that they are better prepared because they already know what will happen in it. from another direction, june ho also infiltrated the car. this time he is determined to get into the game arena to find his missing brother. he also beat up a committee member and took his costume so he could disguise himself without anyone knowing. as usual, the participants were again gathered in a large room. but unexpectedly, some of them came with the preparation of carrying a weapon or small items they needed. from the initial 201 participants, there are now 187 people who decided to take part again, which means the prize also increases. at the same time, the confused june hoe now has to disguise himself as a committee member in the game hall. in the evening, sey bjerk, carrying a small knife, went to the toilet and tried to sneak through the vent. with mi rieung's help, they managed to get into the vent and see what was happening in the other room. [Music]. there, she saw the organizers making a large-scale candy bar. but she didn't know what to do with all the sugar. the next day, the participants were prepared and gathered to play the second game. before starting the game, saying woo asked sabjuk about what she saw last night. she also said that this game must be his childhood game. meanwhile, say book, who is from north korea, will have a hard time. therefore, sebyak informed seng wu that the committee is making cotton candy. after hearing that, seng wu immediately remembered about his childhood game, where there is melted sugar that is given in different forms. their job is to scrape the sugar according to its shape. that's why he deliberately took the triangular shape, because it was the easiest form. but strangely, sangwoo doesn't tell his closest friends about it, and instead lets them choose difficult shapes, such as jihan taking the shape of an umbrella, and hillman's grandfather taking the shape of a star. participants have 10 minutes to complete the game this time. for participants who fail to make the appropriate form, then they will be immediately eliminated or shot. this also made the other participants panicked and even more scared. they all tried their best to get the pattern they wanted, then m.i riyoung is seen using her lighter to heat the needle so that the cotton candy is easier to melt. [Music], participants who took the easy forms, one by one, began to successfully complete the mission safely. but the problem is that the participants take on difficult forms, plus they are also being chased by less time. in the process of the game, june ho began to be suspected by other committees because he looked confused and did not know his duties. there at the last minute, jihan also gets a brilliant idea so he can complete the mission quickly. at that time, he saw that their cotton candy already had a pattern. so all they had to do was lick the cotton candy until it could be separated from the pattern. it was the quickest way they could at this point if they wanted to survive. the other participants who saw jihan immediately followed the trick. [Music] unexpectedly, it really helped them. and several participants, including jihan and grandpa ilnam, managed to complete the mission safely. however, there was one participant who failed to try to fight a committee. therefore the other committee members immediately shot the other participants so that they would not have a chance to fight back. the participant pointed a gun at the committee and asked him to take off his mask. however, as soon as he took off his mask, he was immediately shot by the organizers of the game. so all the organizers there have an agreement that they are prohibited from removing their masks or identities in the game hall, except when they are in their rooms and alone. all this is done to maintain the confidentiality of the game. 