hey, it's Hannah Anna Baker. gonna just your whatever device you're hearing this on. its me live and in stereo. no return engagements. new encore, and this time, absolutely no requests a snack. settle in, because I'm about to tell you the story of my life, more specifically, why my life ended. I'm not saying which tape brings you into the story, but fear not. if you receive this lovely little box, your name will pop C in case you're tempted to break the rules, understand, I did make a copy of these tapes, and I left them with a trusted individual, who, if this package doesn't make it through all of you, will release those copies in a very public manner. and where I met Justin Foley, the subject of our first tape. and that's how that happened. we kissed. pictures worth a thousand words. oh yeah. we're sending that [ __ ] around. no, no, right. under memory that I hoped we can special. yes. in fact, it ruins just about everything. two became three, and like before you know it, your best friends. or so I thought. [Music], is it you and Alex? now, no, course not. he likes you. you like him. I'm the one who's out. Alex did this on his own. he just broke up with me on his own because that's what the [ __ ] do [ __ ] you. Alex, stand off. he caused the hurricane. it's your turn. this lawsuit could cost the district tens of thousands, hundreds, and that's if we win. we're already getting calls from the media. at first I thought, what a stupid list. jessica is so much prettier than me. you've never been a girl. did you put Hannah and Jessica on that list? you didn't know that let you. you saw it. and it did piss Jessica off, but not at me. I'd hand up. there you go. for what it's worth, that list got it right. you made it. open season on Hanna Baker, I had a stalker. and if you've made it to a four, your outside his window. so tell me, when did it start? how long were you watching me, Tyler? and while Courtin clearly didn't hear my stalker. I did. I - Tyler this morning. he told me you got rid of although he lied. I know a fine piece when I see one or two. so it's like a thing. now, did you guys come here together. your girlfriend from the picture? Laura, yeah, I hear you too. like a guy, that's when you know, Nana, would you hear that from? Courtney says you asked her for a three-way. I want to be a friend, Courtney. are you been a friend to you? and this thing that you're so scared for people to know about you doesn't matter to me. she thought you were a friend, and you sent one more [ __ ] in her direction, just to cover the fact that you're gay. that's not my firm was hired today by the school to defend them in the lawsuit that the bakers are right? why is Marcus Cole calling me? no, wait, it's Dollar Valentine. and again, you were funny, Marcus. what are you doing? wait, nothing. get off me. still want to believe there are good guys in the world. [Music]. well, welcome to your tape sack. the day after you insulted me in the cafeteria, my compliment bag was empty. maybe I should have let it go, but I didn't. I wrote you a letter. I poured my heart out open you'd realize how much I needed those silly things you were stealing from me. I guess I wasn't even worth a reaction. norm I didn't know what you got in your bag last year, the one about not feeling anything anymore. it was from Hannah. until I saw you. you were the only other high school kid in the room. Ryan shaver, Liberty High's resident intellectual. your pain, your pain is important to other people. I realize now. I was desperate for someone to listen. and he listened. and then he turned around and made my most private thoughts a public spectacle where you wrote, you can't teach that. you have to live it. well, it's my life, Ryan, it's not yours. get your own now. Justin you'd been with the same girl all night, but I'm not gonna call her out my name. I had to do something. I had to make him stop. what's mine is yours, right? but I saw his face, I recognized his voice as clear as day. sherry, this one's for you. we need to call someone about the stops. no, you know, we got to go. my dad will kill me if he finds out I was the first person to get there. oh yeah, I was walking home - oh my god. can you hear me? wait, hold on. hold on. I don't think he was drunk, you know, he told me he wasn't, and I believed him. and it's all about you, clay. I wanted you to do everything you were doing, so I don't know why my mind took me everywhere else. just stop. okay, no, just don't. and I'm so sorry. leave me alone. just leave me alone. clay helmet, your name does not belong on this list, but you need to be here. if I'm going to tell my story, I would have ruined you. it wasn't you, it was me. why the [ __ ] are you here with Bryce? why do you care? tell me, because he [ __ ] ripped you. got a copy of his list tonight. number of your classmates are on it. so were you? well, I I better get going. my parents are probably like, he's a very special girl. we had a thing off and on. you raped her here, right out there. a week before she [ __ ] slit her wrists and died at home. they raped her, came to my party. she wanted me. she's practically begging me. [ __ ]. that's great. never drilled this school was great. and in that moment, it felt like, it felt like I was already dead. did you rape Hannah? Baker, you want to call it rape, call it rape. same difference, 20, 40 BP, 90 over 60. and you [ __ ] confessed. Hannah Baker came to see you the day she died. did you tell him to stop? no. did you tell him? no no. he promised me that he'll go to jail and that I won't ever have to see his face again, that I won't have to face him. I can't promise you that. here she walked out of his office, and she hoped he would come after her. but you didn't before she died. and I recorded 3rd, 2008, over there, number 13. and everyone who comes before you on this tape knows what you did and didn't do. their 14 audio files on that. you should listen to them in order. there are tapes. Hannah recorded tapes. she talked about what happened to her. Alex stand all shot himself in the head last night. he's in critical condition of mercy. hey, it's Hannah Anna Baker. [Music], you 