[Music]. mission impossible, fallout sees Tom Cruise return as IMF agent Ethan Hunt filled with nail-biting action scenes, breakneck twists and turns and one of the best single-shot scenes ever put to film, fallout stands as one of the greatest action movies of the air. there's a lot to unpack from the film, and some of the reveals may leave some viewers scratching their head. by the end of the final scenes, your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to watch this video, in which I will cover the thumbs, plot and ending in full detail to make sure you haven't missed anything. there will be heavy spoilers, and ballout is definitely worth your time, so I highly recommend that you come back to this video if you're yet to see the film. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. after the capture of Solomon Lane, at the end of Mission Impossible, rogue nation, the syndicate has dissolved. still loyal to Lane, a shadowy organization made up of his followers, codenamed the Apostles, has risen to terrorize the world once more. they believe that a great suffering will cause the world to seek peace. and managed to attain three nuclear bombs during an arms deal gone wrong, in which hunt was present at. due to this failing, the CIA put their best man, agent, Walker, played by Henry Cavill, on the task to a hunt in recapturing the bombs, with Walker, Hunt travels to Paris to impersonate the leader of the Apostles, John Locke, and meet with a broker named the White Widow. when Locke is killed, hunt must take his place without a mask, and meets the white widow, who is revealed to be Max's daughter from the first Mission, Impossible film. the widow informs Hunt that in order to get the nuclear weapons back, he must capture Solomon Lane and turn him over an arms exchange. this worries Walker, who tells his boss that he believes hunt is in fact Locke. and using the double bluff as a cover, in order to carry out the mission, hunt captures Lane and manages to bring him to London, much to the dismay of Ilsa, - played by Rebecca Ferguson. Faust has been disavowed by mi6, but knows that should she kill Lane, that she would be able to return home in London. Walker is tricked into revealing that he is in fact locked by a trap set up by Ethan. however, upon attempting to bring Locke in, other apostles that have infiltrated the CIA killed director Hunley. and Locke managed to escape by threatening to murder hunts of now ex-wife, hunt and the gang have about the plan, though, and have placed a tracking device in Lane, which they managed to follow to a remote village where hunt discovers his ex-wife is working as a relief worker. Lane activates the nukes, and hunt races across the sky to obtain the detonator, whilst the ground troops disable the bombs. it's a fantastic finale that sees Henry Cavill end up looking like crossbones, and it has one of the best action scenes in the series thus far. Lane once again is captured, and in the final scenes, we see that he is handed over to the white widow. this is because the white widow was a wanted woman, but handing over the world's number one terrorist will absolve her of her past dealings and other families. earlier in the film, she tried to arrange a deal in which she could return Faust to the mi6 as a prisoner along with Lane. but this new deal cuts a corner and allows Faust to carry on free once more. with larks confession already captured on camera earlier in the film, the IMF have little to worry about in terms of going rogue. and hunts ex-wife admits that it was selfish to carry on with their marriage when Ethan is one of the most capable agents when it comes to stopping the apocalypse. the film ends on a high note, and I cannot wait to see how lame plays into future sequels and what the next mission for the IMF will be. in order to get fully up to speed with fallout, I went back and watched the Mission Impossible films, from the original Brian DePalma espionage thriller all the way up to the stunts heavy modern takes, ranking the series from best to worse. for me, they currently stand at Mission Impossible to their Mission Impossible. Mission Impossible, rogue nation, Mission Impossible 3 and joint first. I really don't know between Mission Impossible Fallout and Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol. perhaps, if I have a bit more time with fallout, of be able to differentiate the two. but after just leaving the cinema, I think the film is absolutely incredible. so what did you think of Mission? Impossible fallout? how would you rank the franchise? and do you think the phone was worth? Henry cavils, horribly. CGI'd face in Justice League. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film. recently I discussed the ending of the equalizer too, and what the main themes of the franchise are. so make sure you check that out next. thanks very much for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and this tape will self-destruct in five seconds. look, I'm sorry, but everyone does that joke. I'm sorry. just please subscribe, please. and take care. peace. [Music]. you 