okay, so episode four ended with us finding out that scarlet witch was doing a weekend at wonders with visions dead corpse. it was a mind-blowing moment that set her up as the big bad but throughout the season, there's been several clues that something more sinister is going on behind the scenes. we're going to be breaking it all down. but as always, welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy who jimmy woo's you with my card tricks. now let's get into the bigger db kitty breakdown. now, as always, things are time coded below if you want to skip ahead. but as is usual with our videos, we're going to be discussing some key theories up top. if you've been keeping up to date with the behind the scenes stuff on the show, then you'll know that showrunner jack schaefer revealed that one division actually takes place almost immediately after end game and before the events are far from home. if you checked out our video last week, then you'll have seen us discussing an interview with paul bettany in which he revealed that endgame originally had a post-credits scene that set up the events of the show. it was supposed to close out with wonder going to see vision's body, which was being kept in a draw and we can see why this was cut, as it sort of happens in the episode. at one point, vision actually didn't want to be brought back to life. but wanda doing this shows that she has completely broken his trust. we now know for definite that he's being puppeted around by here. and just like me, he's a guy who prefers it no strings attached. you haven't this show. now, the show at this point is tying in heavily with the graphic novel vision and the skull at which, which followed the pair as they moved to the suburbs of new jersey and had children together, released in 1985. it heavily inspires this entry. and similar the show, it also carries the aesthetic that the pair magically have children together. now, whilst vision was never dead at any point during the book, it does feature the grim reaper quite heavily, whose helmet also popped up in episode 2. he has the power to bring back people from the dead. and if the part about wander taking this from the slab to the pad, is true, then it could indeed be what's going on. though our theories change every week. eh. at least we're not repeating ourselves, i suppose. now, speaking of that intro, agnes refers to herself as auntie in this entry, which could be a callback to the advert for kitty litter that was called anti-a's. i guess she would be good at advertising that, because, like kitty litter, she's full of sheer no no. but agnes definitely has her eyes on the kids in this episode. and after watching it, i think it's starting to become clear that they're the main prize that she's after. in case you don't know, in the comics, billy and tommy grew up to become the mutant's wiccan in speed. and thus possessing these could help her to usher in a thousand years of darkness, like 2020 all over again. now, just analyzing her even further, christopher quantero davidson actually sent me a really interesting email, which discussed how the location of the character constantly keeps changing. and thus it is possible that she doesn't actually live in west view at all. in the first episode, when introducing herself, she tells wonder that she lives on the right, not, you're right, her right. however, in episode 3, we discover that herb actually lives on the left. and beyond that is dottie's, which we see in episode two. this entry also has some ambiguity, but there are clues lies throughout that we'll be discussing in just a bit. now, due to her not having id in episode four, it is possible that, like geraldine, she's not from around here, and she simply casts blame on monica to draw attention away from her as one of history's most hated figures. goebbels said, accuse the other side that which you are guilty and this blame shifting could have been done to make her fly completely under the radar. now, as for the episode itself, it boils from several sitcoms that span the 80s and 90s, including full house family ties, growing pains and family matters. the latter is because urkel had suspenders, which we see wonder rocking at one point. and these were also present in mork and mindy, another 80s sitcom, which showcased fashion at the time. family ties is mainly because of the way that the lighting is used. to illuminate the set. and growing pains has one of the most obscure references in the entire show. during the series, there was a famous couch that had a single blue cushion on it. and this one, on its own, also appears in the episode at one point. full house is also quite a meta joke, is that actually featured elizabeth olsen's real life sisters, mary kate and ashley, both of which are twins. i know i don't have to say that for some of you, but i keep forgetting that some of my audience have just started their 20s, and they weren't born until 2000 and 2001, which makes me feel very old. anyway, this idea of twins growing up will clearly be adopted for the show too, as we watch billy and tommy mature, making this a very fourth wall breaking moment. so we have elizabeth olsen starring as wonder who's raising twins, whilst satirizing the show full house, which starred olson's real life sisters being raised as twins. what? anyway, that's the main aesthetic of the episode, but let me know if there's any deeper cuts. below, we pick up with the pair trying to get the two babies to fall asleep. and vision remarks that he tried reading charles darwin's the descent of man to billy, but it made him cry even harder. in this book, darwin detailed that men evolved from apes. and this idea of evolution is something that's heavily laced throughout mutants and the x-men, one of which appears at the end of the entry. wander, is unable to put the kids back to sleep. and clearly her powers are limited, much in the same way that they were with the stalk. though this episode really tries to hammer home that she's the one doing everything. the fact that she has amnesia over what's happened makes me think that she isn't. there's very much this idea of control being laced throughout the show, not only in vision, but the residents of west view themselves. this could extend to wonder, who may also have someone manipulating her. i think this could clearly be anti-agnes, who shows up not too long after this moment. she's clearly aware that they are in a show, and actually seems to be slightly comfortable with it, rather than terrified like the rest of the town. if you've been watching our videos, you'll know that we've theorized that she's actually agatha harkness. and the character says she has a couple of tricks up her sleeves, which could be a reference to her magical abilities. the two times that the children grow agnes is present, and it could actually be her who is the one doing it. it almost happens with the death of sparky the dog. but wonder talks them out of aging up, which may be against agnes wishes, who wants them for herself. she also mentions ralph again. and the character has definitely become similar to frasier's marist crane, as we hear about them almost every episode, but never actually see them. i do think that ralph is one of the big villains that will be revealed down the line, but obviously let me know your theories. below cut to the title sequence. and this feels like a combination of family ties and growing pains. the first is because of the illustration that appears to outline the family, and the latter due to the photographs and theme song. it's hilariously cheesy in both its design and the song in the background that descends into just rambling by the end of it. in it we also see vision as a baby, which we know is never the case. and this, of course, plays upon the idea that the children grew up without really having a childhood. there's also real photos of elizabeth olsen as a teen in there, and i just think it's the funniest intro so far. cut to monica being scanned after her accident last week. and she states that she felt grief in the hex and relates to this on a number of levels, due to losing her mother. now, the readings taken of her are blank, and this is likely because due to her being tossed through the hex membrane whilst being covered in wonders, powers that they have molded into her. in the comics, moniker goes on to become a superhero known as photon, who possesses several abilities that we've already seen in the hex itself. these include shape-shifting, phasing through mata and of course, flight. i think that this confirms that she is indeed a metahuman. now, and going forward to captain marvel 2, we will likely see her full skill set. we go to sword holding a briefing in which acting director haywood clearly states that wonder is the issue. they go through her history, including her volunteering for hydra, and jimmy woo says, it's an oversimplification of the events, but yes, that's what happened. i kind of feel like this line might be a call back to mission impossible, in which ethan hunt says something similar. and we all know jimmy loves secret agents and so on. so meh, we're out here reaching again. now, something that's quite strange is that he says wonder doesn't actually have a nickname, which i hadn't actually thought about up until now. of course, we all know she's called scarlet witch. so she may actually end up getting this moniker in the season, as we know that she does dress in the classic costume at one point. now, monica does go to wonders defense and says that she could be doing a lot worse, but this is silenced by the footage of her storming the sword facility. what's interesting here is that it looks like sorta actually experimenting on vision. and there are several people in lab coats. they may have been taking him apart under hayward's orders. and if we look at things from another angle, wonder could have been saving her dead husband from being weaponized by them. they know about vision's will, which states that he didn't want to be made into one. so clearly they were paying close attention to him. a big question that still remains though is how he managed to come back to life. and as mentioned earlier, this may be the grim reaper. we go back to the show and see that billy and tommy have found a dog, which ends up being called sparky. this is actually a call back to the vision graphic novel by tom king, in which vision and his family had a synthesized one of the same name. sadly, the pup passes away later in the episode after eating from agnes poisonous bush. and i swear that's not an innuendo, but i am very immature. now, though wonder doesn't resurrect him, he could still come back to life in this form, though. we'll just have to wait and see. vision reads a newspaper, and like all the other ones, its headline is very mundane, depicting a local homeowner who makes innovating recipes. this, of course, carries the notion that nothing bad ever happens in west view and that the media don't make things up to keep people scared. it's the perfect place to live. agnes arrives, and wanda doesn't mind showing her powers in front of her, perhaps highlighting that she's subliminally comfortable around her, likely because she's shown them before. if the theory about agnes being agatha is true, then she could have helped her to enhance her abilities, and then together the pair created this reality. this would explain why agnes isn't really alarmed at any point and seems to know what's going on, whilst the other citizens don't. jump back to the sword outpost. and we see jimmy carrying some coffee cups that actually look like they have the pattern on them that appears in the credits at the end of every episode. this is probably just a bit of a fun nod. however, this pattern did sort of appear on geraldine's dress in episode 2, so it may have a deeper meaning. we see darcy, jamie and monica studying the signs behind the hex and they deduce that she doesn't really have the power to pull this off. but monica shuts it down by saying that she could have taken out thanos, which, yeah, she could have, to be fair. now, the conversation moves to captain marvel, and monica quickly changes the subject. this could be taken a number of ways. and the pair may have met since the 90s. or perhaps she used the character as abandoning her and her mother. you know how it is when you have a friend and you haven't seen them for a while, and you just want to play it cool? well, i kind of feel like that's what's going on here. rather than her being angry or bitter, they also realized that monika's uniform was transformed into geraldine's outfit. and this confirms that the sword necklace was indeed her name batch. this does show that items created in the hex can indeed leave it. and thus it is possible that down the line, vision does and has been made invincible once more because of it. yes, i've seen the trailers. and they realize that they can send an email in. and we cut divisions work, aka the computational services, which were last seen in the first episode. this details division a lot of what wonder is doing. and he snaps an home out of his hypnosis, which reveals just how frightened he is. now, though it seems to point to wonder doing it. norms says she rather than her name. she could, of course, apply to agnes as well. and if we're right about this, then we won't look like an idiot for banging on about this theory for the last 10 minutes. now we watch you under looking over billy and tommy, and the conversation quickly moves to her brother, pietro. similar to the two children, wander and her sibling are unidentical twins. and it is possible that the children were brought in to plant the idea for her to manifest the character. at the end of the episode, i kind of feel like wonder may have made a deal with the devil and that it's had a monkey's poor effect. so instead of bringing her true brother back, it's brought a pietro across from an alternate dimension, aka the x-men universe. using a drone sword infiltrate the hex a, wonder comes out wearing the costume that we saw her donning in avengers endgame. she's absolutely furious with the group, and makes it clear that as long as they stay out of their home, they'll be absolutely fine with all guns pointed at her. she decides to mind control all the gods, and they then turn their weapons on hayward. now, else, this does back up the idea that wonder can control people's minds. we can see their eyes glowing red, which isn't present in the town members who seem to be under her control. i know i'm in the minority here thinking that she's not the big bad behind it all, but i do feel like she is being manipulated. she puts a giant red force field around the town, and this will likely mean that no drones or members of sword can waltz in anymore. cut to the commercial and we see the woman returning with her two kids. now it's very similar to the one shown in episode 3, style wise, and it is possible that her children also reflect wonders pair. using a lagos brand of paper towel, she sweeps up the mess. and this name actually calls back to the city from the opening of civil war. so far the commercials have pulled from stock industries, struck a hydra and this. and now we can pretty much guarantee that they all derive heavily from large moments in wonder's life. it's also possible that they pull from the infinity stones. as the toaster could be in line with the mine stone. the watch dealt with time. and the hydra soap box did look like the tesseract lagos is red, similar to the reality stone, making it seem like wonder may also be being used to create the infinity stones. once more, we see one there and her kids looking for sparky. and they then have a conversation with the postman. again, this seems completely out of nowhere, and it's pretty pointless in the grand scheme of things, unless he is the person under witness protection. in episode 2, agnes pretended to shoot him, and he said, i'm just a messenger. and this time he says, the dog is sure to turn up. i do think that he's the one. and his scenes are hinting towards that, if you look closely enough. he also didn't appear on the board with the ids, hinting at jimmy, potentially keeping him out of the lineup. the missing dog is similar to the missing witness protection person. and i do think that the theory lines up. now, wonder seems to avoid wanting to bring the dog back to life, and she states that she can't reverse death, making me believe that it was actually the grim reaper that resurrected vision and not her. this arrives, and it's not too long before he and wonder have a confrontation in their home. though it was absolutely hilarious how, rather than having a difficult talk, wanda just started to roll the credits. and this was one of the best ways to use the sitcom device that i think we've seen so far. vision is furious that wanda seems to be doing all this, and i actually think that he will break free of this puppeting at some point. this could be a slight nod to ultron, who, in the mcu, was very much created something to be controlled himself, but he managed to break his bonds. ultron was, of course, vision's creator. so it could be very much a like father, like sun pattern here in terms of evolution in avengers age of ultron. the villain, of course, did the big monologue about how there were no strings on him. and even the credits of the show seem to link in with his mainframe, tackling jarvis, who, of course, was also brought across in vision. thus it could be being set up here that sword will also view him as a killer bot that they have to take down before it carries out another sokovia level event. tensions escalate and vision goes absolutely crazy. but wonder manages to bring him down by reminding him that he's bullying tommy's father. however, things go further into this when vision realizes that there's no other children in west view oneness slowly starts to question why he feels like she's in control of everything. and she says she doesn't even know how things got like this in the first place. rather than resetting time, though, whoever is behind the show throws a curveball at her with the arrival of evan peters. now this is sort of a call back to the vision and scholar, which graphic novel as in that she opened the door to find her father there. however, here it's her brother. and i think darcy spoke for the entire audience when she said, they recast petrol, huh? now this obviously opens up a lot of questions, including why he's not aaron taylor johnson's version, wanda seems lost, but she goes along with it and hugs him, likely meaning that we will be getting more surprises down the line. now is possible that, due to quicksilver's speed, that he was actually able to run fast enough to break through the multiverse, similar to the flash. however, he may have also been brought across by agnes mephisto. but now we know that the x-men can officially come into this universe, and i wouldn't be surprised if we weren't getting more of them down the line, which i'll be talking about in the leaks section of the video. as for the episode itself, i genuinely feel like this gets better each and every week. i was a bit unsure on the show after the first two episodes, as they felt a bit difficult to get into for me due to not really knowing the context or fully getting the references to the old 50s and 60s sitcoms. i know some people loved it and others felt the same as me, but i'm glad that everyone's just stuck with it, as it's been such a good show so far, and it's pretty much my only reason for living at this point. this is the definition of a slow burn, but i'm so glad that the mcu is taking massive chances like this as it allows them to explore new avenues and also branch off into the wackiest side of marvel. okay, so that wraps up the episode in general. but as always, we're going to be talking some more spoilers and leaks that have come out. if you're enjoying the video, then please click the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe for coverage on the show every week. also, i just want to give a huge thank you to everyone who's helped to get our breakdowns trending three weeks in a row. now it just means that it's gonna be even more depressing when they eventually don't trend. but at least i can live in my perfect little bubble for now, until it all comes crashing down. yay, depression. anyway, i think most of you probably saw that there were several parts of episode six which were leaked online earlier in the week. if you're watching to this point in the video, then you're the kind of person that likes to ruin things for themselves. so we know some of the big scenes that are coming down the line. i know they've been talked about in depth, but i'd prefer to address them when the episode actually comes out. however, i will be talking about some similarities to some toys here, without showing images from the episode or saying specifically what they are. for those that haven't watched them, see, sometimes i can be a nice guy. anyway, on the 4th of february, someone actually posted an image of both wiccan and speed from a one division, limited edition funko pop set. this wasn't just a concept like i'll talk about in just a bit, but it was actually shown by someone holding it in a store, making me believe that it's legit. now, if you did see the leaked footage, then you'll know that the character in it is very similar in dress to what speed is wearing, making me think that he could go on to inspire him. the design of speed is very similar to the comic book iteration of quicksilver as well. and there is potential here that the show could set up the young avengers down the line, though we'll just have to see. now, if you've been paying attention to the leaks around the show, you may have also seen something posted that look like it came from any mates. in it we can see mephisto alongside wonder. and though it looked like mini mates were no longer gonna be mickey's mates. diamond have come out and said that this is fake. so just be careful with the leaks and stuff with this show, as we're now at the point where people are making stuff up to trick the good folks, like you and your uncle kevin. spoilers. now, what i've heard in j i'm not your uncle, yeah, don't. don't ask for any birthday presents this year, especially not that funko pop set. anyway, what i've heard in general, centered around the show, is that marvel is going to use this as a way to open up the multiverse through the hex points that have been popping up in every episode. they, of course, featured in guardians of the galaxy as a way to travel, and also in far from home at the end with nick fury. so they are laced through the mcu as a way to get from one point to the other. and it does make sense that this is going to be the way that people are brought across. and from what i can gather, spider-man 3 is massively going to open things up and will feature many villains from across multiple franchises. chances are you already know that. but feige also wants to bring several of the x-men across and lead with actors like fassbender and mcavoy, who are, of course, already extremely popular amongst the fanbase. i think this is a really smart way to handle things, and it would mean that we as viewers get to see the actors that we know and love getting to be part of the mcu. another thing i've always wondered is why mutants are so hated in the marvel universe, when they're pretty much exactly the same as the superheroes that are loved and adored by the masses. however, if they're from another world, this opens up the discord to discuss why people might view them as refugees, not from the main dimension, and thus take an instant dislike to them. because, let's be real, people are bad people. now, it's a really good way to go forward with the franchise and have people invested, i think. and weird on the street is that several of the big name actors associated with the fox franchise have already been in talks with marvel over what to do next. we know for definite that deadpool 3 is coming soon, and it just makes so much sense to me to do it this way. elizabeth olsen, earlier in the week, did tease that there was a big cameo coming down the line that was at the level of mark hamill in the mandalorian. but whether that's just the evan peters one or something bigger, we don't quite know yet. it could be tom holland, as i do think that the show might set up the events of spider-man 3, due to it being the next one in this so-called multiverse trilogy. but that remains to be seen. please, please be this guy on the other side of the door next time she opens it. anyway, i'll of course, keep you informed on any of this stuff i hear. but for the meantime, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode in the comments section below. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 28th of february, in which we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase three 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of last week's or this spider-man video that we've just done. both of them are a lot of fun, and if you watch them, i love you forever. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. bit a bit of a weird ending, that i don't love you that much, but i've been paul, you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. yeah. take care. peace. 