welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to examine an early horror comedy by schlockmeister roger corman, creature from the haunted sea. if you have any interest in slathering yourself with seaweed to hunt for lost cuban gold, consider subscribing for more information. let's get to it. we open on a shoe shine of some white canvas kids, after which some swarthy men roll up and start shooting folks, requiring secret agent xk150 to pull some evasive maneuvers and demonstrate his mastery of the art of disguise. having established his proficiency at sleuthing, we watch him as he meets an ally spy in xk-120 at his secret rendezvous. he verifies he's heading out for a job in cuba. then they share a professional goodbye kiss, and he's on his way. through the magic of animatics, we learn the non-communist government of cuba wants to smuggle out some of their gold so they have money to rebuild. after they counter coup and regain control of the island from castro, they bring the gold to the docks where they've hired a crew of scumbag smugglers to help them out. xk150 is among their rank, having gone undercover and earned their trust. and the group of criminals is led by lorenzo, a career criminologist, who intends to leverage this opportunity to steal the gold. and they're sharing the boat with a crew of government agents, crooks, seamen and a goon who communicates mostly through animal noises, which was the absolute height of comedy for the time. lorenzo quickly realizes the boat is filled with too many damn cubans, and he needs to thin them out to enact their plan. so he manufactures the idea of a sea monster to mask his murder. unbeknownst to him, an actual sea monster is getting in on that action and claiming additional victims. he hopes to compel them to change course, but the general finds the thought of a monster laughable. but they do eventually agree to redirect to puerto rico. along the way, they're approached by a boat of unknown origin, so they play it cool by having maribel sing a little ditty, as one does whilst yachting. these men confirm they are searching for the stolen gold, so they let them fully ensnare themselves in the trap before unloading something they're surprisingly not bothered by at all, even when pete sprays in close proximity to the other passengers, none of whom take a bullet, which is by sheer luck. when that nasty business is over, xk150 attempts to work maribel and turn her into an asset, but she's perfectly happy with her life of carefree criminality. getting close to an uninhabited island, lorenzo puts out the call to sink the boat so they can pitch the gold. and they steer into some rocks, knocking the ship about in a way that only affects cubans. pretty much the perfect scenario. they make it to shore, mostly with the creature taking his or her tribute. they set up camp, and jack is sent to an adjacent island for a fishing boat in scuba gear. new plan is to hide the gold on the ocean floor, causing the cubans to give up and leave, giving the boys an opportunity to come back for it later. unfortunately, as they prepare their first excursion, they learn the soldiers are actually frogmen and experienced divers. so they're forced to thin them up a bit more, clawing any who separate from the group with gardening tools. despite this, the general insists on continuing the search. now they dive only with spearguns, which doesn't deter lorenzo from his task. he again descends upon a lone cuban and this time hoists his thong, clean up his crack until dead. but then they lose jack to the creature. despondent about their losses, the leaders of both groups decide to cut and run. but first one final attack. this one savage as hell as the creature now reveals its full ketulian glory in full daylight for all the sea and wades through the group, tearing up all the survivors with its vicious claws and other things. in the end, only xk-150 and his jungle mistress survived the horrifying onslaught. what a funny delight. there actually were some generally humorous aspects to this movie. it mostly just suffers, as do many of these bee movies, from a bunch of extraneous scenes that just don't really need to be there. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 