welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we'll be examining the deep questions of science, like, what is ape and why is ape, etc. and in the end, we won't learn anything at all. if you like movies that take their title from the beat plot, definitely subscribe right now. let's get to it. we open on a montage demonstrating our nation's dark love affair with the circus, which fades into some boys pondering the freaks that may or may not be on display before going on an old-fashioned vandalism spree of the neighborhood. dr adrian catches one by the ear and ponders surgically transplanting his butt cheeks to his forehead. but he's got appointments to catch up on with dogs elsewhere. the town's full gather to bemoan how much they just straight up hate dr adrian. but when he barges in, they all clam up like a bunch of barneys. then he makes a house call to his favorite patient, francis, who he likes because she can't run and because she reminds him of his dead daughter. he even gives her clearance to go to the circus with danny and soon they're off to join the rest of the town in the fanfare and frivolity, while the doctor has his own fun, fixing dogs that he broke and what not. as things wind down, we see the usher abusing naboo, revenge for the gentle giant, violently killing his father as retribution, or abusing him, with the outcome now foreshadowed. we delight as naboo comes out on top, starting a fire and dipping out, power slamming his way into the woods. amidst the confusion, the sheriff implements the immediate formation of a posse to help with the circus and search for the missing primate. the carnage spills into the doctor's office. and as the man stares wide-eyed into the face of death, the doctor is struck by an idea and siphons off a bit of his spinal fluid for later use. he takes his new serum to francis and prepares her for a painful experimental treatment. soon she does feel her heavy dumb legs, which is a positive sign. but in his excitement, the doctor drops the vial. fate soon collide as the ape sees the usher's jacket and gets pissed, the doctor hits him with a bit of the old acid to the face and clubs him unconscious. seeing a prime opportunity to fulfill his kink, he keeps this a little bit of a secret. but unfortunately, the next day, the hounds pick up the scent, and while the doctor is occupied with this, the beast slips out the back. so he gets back to his treatments, delighted to hear that his patient is in pain. meanwhile, the coroner gets a visit from the city doctor, and they talk about how creepy dr adrian is, but the man, he gets results. later, mcnulty drops in on him to ask about some unusual spinal injection sites present on several recent bodies they received from his care. dr adrian begs for a chance to demonstrate his progress, but francis fails them all when she's unable to walk. then they leave their own house so the men can talk, and then we learn mcnulty was playing his cards close to his chest, as he reveals that he practically creamed his pants when he felt a muscular reflex. so now adrian is redeemed, not finished. oh, okay, no problem. and, oh, oh hey, look, an ape, remember, the boys take a pot shot at his titty before soiling their buster browns and running off the gloat about accomplishing what the rest of these betas have only been able to dream of the last few days. we see the doctor hard at work figuring how to finish this thing with francis, while the sheriff arrives and fans out his crew, hoping to catch the apes slipping and returning to his favorite spot. sure enough, the injured ape lumbers into the doctor's yard, while francis screams about it. the men arrive and kill the ape, and the sheriff goes in deep to administer cpr, discovering the ape to be the doctor. what? but huh? for instance, tries to compel him to live by walking in front of him, which does make him happy, but not happy enough to prevent him from dropping deuces on his way out of the universe. the next day, we learned francis is so sure about walking she burned her chair, demonstrating her privilege by virtue of the fact that she'd even think about giving it to someone in need. well, i sure would like to learn more about what the hell happened here today, but we just don't have time. we carry on tomorrow. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 