so you need a refresher on the last of us before the secret releases, or for some unfathomable reason, you haven't played one of the greatest post-apocalyptic games of all time. I'm not here to judge, but seriously, what the [ __ ]? let's not dwell on that though. instead, let's go through the captivating story that is the Last of Us, which I guess can now be referred to as part 1. in 2013, an outbreak of fungal cordyceps devastates the United States, causing their human host to turn into mindless, aggressive creatures refer to as the infected, not zombies infected. I repeat, not zombies infected. the story kicks off in Austin, Texas with the game's playable protagonist, Joel, who was forced to flee his home with his brother Tommy and his daughter Sarah because of the chaos and panic that spread, society completely lost its [ __ ] in this story gets dark quick and their attempt to escape the city, Joel's daughter, Sarah, is shot by a soldier imposing martial law, and she dies in Joe's arms. flash forward 20 years later, and now joel is working as a smuggler in Boston, Massachusetts with his partner, Tess. the two are on the hunt for a rival black market dealer named Robert, who stole a cache of their weapons. after they track him down, he tells them that he already sold their weapons to the infamous rebel militia group. the fireflies test, not being with the shit's, she kills him. then they meet with the leader of the fireflies, Marlene, who promises to give them double the amount of their weapons in exchange for smuggling a young girl named Ellie out of the city to a group of fireflies. they agree to this deal to escort Ellie to safety. but getting outside of Boston's heavily policed quarantine zone is no easy task, which is where Joel and tests discover that Ellie is infected. Ellie explains to them that she was bitten three weeks ago, but the infection usually runs its course within two days. therefore, Marlene believes that Ellie's immunity could lead to a cure. so the three carry on, and after many tints encounters with the infected, they finally reached the rendezvous point to meet with his group of fireflies, only to discover that the fireflies had been killed during this revelation, test also reveals that she was bitten an hour ago and can already feel the infection symptoms. believing in Ellie's significant she sacrifices herself as a diversion for Joel and Ellie to escape pursuing soldiers. once they escape, Joel is left with the sole responsibility of getting Ellie to what remains of the fireflies. he makes the choice to seek out his brother Tommy, who was a former Firefly. so Joel and Ellie make their way to Bill's town, who is a fellow smuggler, in order to get a working car to make this long trip. through many trials and tribulations, they're able to get the car and start their long journey to tommy's they come to pass through Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where they are ambushed by hunters and their transportation is wrecked. in the city, Joel and Ellie meet two brothers, Henry and Sam, and Joel agrees to accompany them in order to escape the Bandit infested city of Pittsburgh, because Henry explains that they have a small group of people looking for the fireflies - once they're outside of the city. Sam is bitten, but didn't tell anybody. and later, when the infection begins to take hold and turns him, he attacks Ellie, and Henry is forced to shoot his younger brother. then, grief-stricken, Henry immediately commits suicide. the story flashboards to the fog where Joel and Ellie fight Tommy in Jackson County, Wyoming, where he lives on a fortified, independent settlement powered by a hydroelectric dam and is married to a woman named Maria. reunited, Joel explains Ellie's condition to his brother. after a tense encounter with bandits, Tommy reluctantly agrees to safely deliver Ellie to some Firefly contacts of his. but Ellie, not wanting Joel to abandon her, she runs away to a nearby farm. once a Joe and Tommy are able to track her down. tensions rise when Ellie brings up Joel's daughter, Sarah, who she found out about from Maria. feeling guilty, Joel ultimately decides to take her to Tommy's Firefly contacts himself, who were based at the University of Eastern Colorado. when they get their surprise, surprise, ain't nobody home. they then learned that the fireflies had moved to a hospital in Salt Lake City, Utah. they are ambushed yet again by another group of bandits, in which it all is practically mortally wounded. they are able to escape, and the story flashes forward again to the winter, where the player is surprisingly now controlling Ellie. so less than suspense of whether Joel is dead or not, it's revealed that Ellie was able to patch him up and has been caring for him ever since they'd taken refuge in the mountains. and while Ellie is out hunting for food, she encounters David and his scavengers who, how do I put this, they eat people. so David is the leader of this group of bandits that attacked them at the University of Eastern Colorado a while back, and once revenge for Joel's slaughtering his men. so David pretty much wants Ellie as his new pet. and barely escaping with her life from the demented cannibal is group, Ellie is able to brutally kill Damon. Joel has finally recovered from his wounds and finds Ellie to comfort her for what has transpired. flash forward to the spring, and Joel and Ellie have finally reached Salt Lake City, almost reaching their end goal. Ellie nearly drowns, and Joel is knocked out by a Firefly patrol while attempting CPR. Joel dim wakes up in a hospital bed where Marlene is there to greet him, apologizing for her men knocking him out. she explains to Joel that Ellie is being prepped for surgery and the procedure will, unfortunately, we kill her. Joel, not liking this out of this plan, fights and kills his way to the operation room, rescuing an unconscious Ellie near the exit. Marlene, confronted all with one last plea for the potential cure, Joel shoots and kills Marlene so the fireflies won't come after Ellie. when Ellie comes to on the drive away from the city, Joel flat-out lies to her, telling her that there were other immune people and the Firefly still couldn't create a cure, so they just stop trying. then, as they reach the outskirts of Tommy's community, Ellie confines her survivor's guilt to Joel and makes him swear that his story about the fireflies is not a lie. and Joel swears that is true. and there you have it, cliffhanger. to be continued. hey, so are you hyped for the Last of Us, part 2? and will you be playing day one like me? be sure to let me know down in the comments. thanks for watching. I hope you enjoyed. if you did, don't forget to leave a huge thumbs up. subscribe. follow me on Instagram. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. 