cinema synopses, spoiler alert, the Asgardian Loki encounters the other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. I was a king betrayed in exchange for retrieving the tesseract, you don't have the tesseract yet, a powerful energy source of unknown potential, the other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate earth. Nick Fury, director of the Espionage agency shield, and his lieutenant, agent Maria hill, arrive at a remote research facility during an evacuation, where physicist dr. Erik Selvig is leading a research team experimenting on the tesseract. tesseract is misbehaving. agent Phil Coulson explains that the object has begun radiating an unusual form of energy. dr. Salvin read an energy surge from the tesseract. the tesseract suddenly activates and opens a wormhole, is a doorway to the other end of space, right? allowing Loki to reach earth. Loki takes the tesseract and uses his scepter to enslave Cell wig and a couple of other agents, including Clint Barton. [Music] to aid him in his getaway. in response to the attack, fury reactivates the Avengers initiative. agent natasha romanoff is sent to Calcutta to recruit dr. Bruce Banner to trace the tesseract through its gamma radiation emissions. there's no radiation like you do. Coulson visits Tony Stark to have him review sell wigs research. and fury approaches Steve Rodgers with an assignment to retrieve the tesseract Hydra secret weapon. I should have left it in the ocean in Stuttgart. Barton steals iridium needed to stabilize the tesseract power. while Loki causes a distraction, leading to a brief confrontation with Rogers stark and Roman off. the ends with Loki surrender. while Loki is being escorted to shield Thor, his adoptive brother arrives and frees him. stark, we need a plan of attack, a plan attack, hoping to convince him to abandon his plan and return to Asgard, to give up this poisonous dream come home. after a confrontation with Stark and Rogers, he loves Thor agrees to take Loki to shield's flying aircraft carrier, the Helicarrier. upon arrival, Loki is imprisoned. Loki Sabah's God and he's my brother. he killed 80 people in two days. he's adopted, while banner and Stark attempt to locate the tesseract. during this time, stark tries to figure out how banner controls his anger. mellow jazz bongo drums, huge bag leaving. The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that shield plans to harness the tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. phase 2 is shield uses the cube to make weapons. as the group argues, Barton and Loki's other possessed agents attacked the Helicarrier, disabling one of its engines in flight and causing banner to transform into the Hall [Music]. Starck and Rogers work to restart the damaged engine, and Thor attempts to stop the Hulk's rampage. romanov fights Barton and knocks him unconscious, breaking Loki's mind control. Loki escapes after killing Coulson and ejecting Thor from the airship. the humans think, awesome, awesome. while the Hulk falls to the ground after attacking a shield fighter. jet Fury uses Coulson's death to motivate the Avengers into working as a team to fight the battles. Phil Coulson died, still, Stark and Rodgers realized that for Loki, simply defeating them will not be enough. he needs to overpower them publicly to validate himself as ruler of Earth. mr. beetle, she was to be seen doing it. Loki uses the Tesla, in conjunction with a device Selleck built, to open a wormhole above stark tower to the Chitauri fleet in space, launching his invasion. the Chitauri a coming. nothing will change that. Rogers, stark, Romanov, Barton and Thor rally in defense of New York City. the wormholes location, working on believing dr. banner. now it might be a really good time for you to get angry. that's my secret that I'm always banner arrives and transformed into the hall, and together the avengers battle dakari. well evacuating civilians. The Hulk finds Loki and beats him into submission. creature Romanov makes her way to the wormhole generator, where Selig, freed from Loki's mind control, reveals that Loki's scepter can be used to shut down the generator. may be able to close the portal, and I'm looking right at it. meanwhile, Fury's superiors from the world security council attempt to end the invasion by launching a nuclear missile at midtown Manhattan City. Stark intercepts the missile. it takes it through the wormhole. the word digit ari fleet, Stark, you know, that's a one-way trip. the missile detonates, destroying the Chitauri mothership and disabling their forces on Starks suit runs out of power, and he falls back through the wormhole just as Romanoff closes it a start, goes into free fall. is not slowing down, but the whole saves him, and crashing into the ground. in the aftermath, Thor returns Loki and the tesseract to Asgard. while fury expresses confidence that the Avengers will return if and when they are needed. he'll come back. in a mid credit scene, the other confers with his masters about the failed attack on earth. in a post-credits scene, there's a shwarma joint about two blocks from here. the Avenger is eaten silence at a shwarma restaurant. keep watching for some great easter eggs from The Avengers movie. after Thor takes Loki off the Quinn jet, down on the mountainside, two large Ravens fly by them as they are talking. in Norse mythology, Thor's father and Loki's blood brother, Odin, had two Ravens, huge in and muninn, who would bring Odin information from Midgard. there are two spoken references to the early Incredible Hulk comic books. when Captain America is giving orders, he says, and Hulk smash, a catch phrase uttered by the Hulk in the comics as well as The Incredible Hulk. after the Hulk thrashes Loki, he says, a reference to another oft-repeated Hulk phrase, puny humans. Captain America finds phase 2 weaponry in the secured storage area of the Helicarrier. those weapons are emblazoned with the Hydra logo. Tony Stark describes his group as Earth's Mightiest Heroes. this refers to the famous tag line that has been featured on the cover of The Avengers comic books since it's 1963 debut. the phrase was also used as the subtitle for the Avengers, Earth's Mightiest Heroes. in 2010, the animated series, which began airing one year prior to the live-action Avengers film. one of the cards in agent Coulson's Captain America card set is a reproduction of Captain America's first comic book appearance, where he punches out Adolf Hitler. English Tony Stark casually refers to three of the other main characters, Loki, Thor and Hawkeye as either movie characters or movie titles. he calls Loki, reindeer games, Thor, Point Break and Hawkeye. Legolas Stan Lee, the creator of such Marvel Comics as the x-men, spider-man, The Incredible Hulk, the Fantastic Four Iron Man, Thor and many others, is the old man being interviewed at the end of the New York battle montage, who says, kymmie, and then returns to a game of chess with a fellow senior citizen. Loki's staff has a glowing blue gem in the spearhead that allows him to control the minds of others. this is a reference to the mind stone, one of the six Infinity stones used by Thanos, the mad Titan, shown in the post-credits scene. this line is a kind of inside joke, because the other literally means it is dangerous to fight the Avengers. but there is also a character named death who is theosis love-interest, whom he literally has courted. [Music]. 