an old couple hires you to babysit a doll, you quickly learn there's more than meets the eye. our story begins with greta on her way to meet the hillshires and their son, brahms. she arrives to an opulent mansion, and we get our first look at the boy in the form of a painting. she gets herself sorted in her room, when suddenly, that was a little overdramatic. got the slow-mo and everything. greta gets acquainted with the self-proclaimed grocery boy, malcolm. he attempts to put the moves on greta by charmingly pretending to be a psychic. i have a gift. some people read palms, and i can read gum. he gives his skills a shot with greta, and in the process, we learn a bit more about her. though he botches his first attempt, we can tell by greta's facial expression that his second go was right on the money. on the run from someone, aren't we? okay, i'm gonna be copying that accent from now on. miss hillshire arrives and kindly greets greta. where are your shoes? apparently they've gone missing, which she attributes to the playful antics of brahms. i think it's about time we meet the fellow daddy. no, not him. him. you having a giggle, mate. malcolm eases attention with a quick reading before leaving, realizing this is not a joke. greta plays along. she then heads to brahms's room with ms hilshar. along the way, she states that they've had a number of nannies come and go, but none were quite as young and pretty as greta. greta is made to practice dressing brahms while facing intense scrutiny from miss hillshire. he's not a baby, miss evans. you needn't be so delicate. moving on. my boy likes poems. you do poems. i know all the words to green eggs and ham. i love dr seuss. oh, brahms, keep your [ __ ] solid, man. next up is music. it's his world. he likes it rather louder than i prefer. the trio has lunch, and brahms is looking dapper as ever as he eyes greta. afterwards, mr hillshire shows her another one of her duties, tending to the traps the missus is convinced the rats will get into the walls, and also, brahms doesn't like animals. he's very shy. mr hillshark concludes their chat by mentioning he knows this all looks rather odd. however, it's important she understands that despite appearances, brahms is very much still with them. do you understand? we cut to the peculiar parents praying and manifesting good vibes with brahms. god bless greta sauce. they request some privacy, then emerge with the good news. congratulations. brahms has chosen you. yay. later at night, greta calls her sister and reveals her apprehensive feelings. oh, and the fact that the kid is a freaking doll. yeah, but you need to get away and start fresh, she replies. they then briefly discuss cole credit's abusive acts. he's persistent as ever, despite the restraining order. greta urges her sister not to engage. the next morning, she overhears some rumblings and investigates, wait till i tell daddy. looks like brahms was acting a fool, probably upset that his parents are leaving mr hillshire shares a set of rules with greta before the couple prepares to depart. i'm so sorry. wow, this movie is subtle. now that they're gone, greta covers up the creepy boy and settles in. she checks her phone to find no service. then make some pb j and enjoys it with a glass of grape juice. she has herself a nappy, then awakens a bit later. she heads downstairs and finds that brahms has been uncovered. spooky. oh, i don't think braum's like that. in the middle of the night, a child's cries echoed throughout the building. a startled greta awakens and investigates. as she makes her way through the halls, the sounds increase in intensity. she's drawn towards the painting of brahms and inspects it closely. now i know what you're thinking, there's probably going to be a jump. greta awakens again. so that was a dream, which means she was dreaming about dreaming, which means this takes place in the inception universe. fun fact, leonardo dicaprio played brahms. yep, it's really him under there. anyway, greta breeze a sigh of relief, but then the crying begins again. she gets up and checks on brahms. he's crying. she wipes away his tears, then finds it's just a leak. in an effort to check on things, she grabs his pokey stick and tries to open the attic, but fails. then she attempts to give her sis a call, but ends up having to leave a message instead. right after the phone rings and greta picks up, the only response she gets is breathing and whatever that was. the next day, malcolm stops by for his weekly delivery and tries to shoot his shot once more. eh, maybe next time, pal. greta inquires about braum's story, and then the pair take a trip to his tombstone. brahms died in a fire on his eighth birthday, and the doll turned up not long after. malcolm shoots his shot again and gets declined again. to be fair, greta did just get out of a relationship, which he reveals. malcolm counters by spending their potential date as a professional courtesy. i guess they do have the same boss. greta finally gives in and agrees see fellas. persistence is key. back at the mansion, greta prepares for her date while on the phone with her sis. she picks out a nice dress, before having a little spook when she spots braum's peeking. she shuts the door, then treats herself to a shower. meanwhile, proms is up to no good. you're a little peeper, aren't ya? after copping a peek or two, rom snatches greta's dress and necklace. she exits the shower, and damn, she got a thing. greta notices her items are missing and makes her way to her room while dread fills her body, to her shock, all her clothes are missing. brahms, you little rascal. she exits her room to find that the attic is open. she arms herself, then climbs up. hello. uh-oh. fortunately, greta hears malcolm pull up, so she tries to get his attention. stepbrother, i'm stuck as she might her screams go unanswered. as malcolm depart, grit is forced to face the darkness alone. suddenly, greta realizes her bedtime and promptly goes to sleep. she awakens the next morning to find her late night spook was merely a jacket. then she rummages around and finds some pictures of brahms back when he was human. this is like instagram vs real life. she returns to her room to find her clothes returned. made a bit of a mess, didn't we, brahms? malcolm stops by and is like, what was you doing up there? then we get a closer look at brahms's set of rules. hmm. greta then steals a glance from brahms before we cut to her and malcolm playing pool. he's agreed to stick around for a bit to keep her safe. she asks more about brahms, and malcolm reveals that there's two sides to the story. some say that brahms was a lovely lad, while others say he was quite the opposite. he also shares that during one of his deliveries, he found mr hillshire off his rocker, having had too much to drink. they chatted and he asked what brahms was really like. he only got a one word response. odd. we see that brahms is actually able to hear everything due to the speaking tube situated throughout the house. fun fact, these were a real thing. later at night, greta is brushing her teeth when a shadow lurks just behind her. she checks up on brahms and finds that the floor is littered with copies of his rules. stop staring at me, brahms. no oh boy. another dream. how many layers deep are we? this time, greta gets up to find her shoes from earlier returned. how thoughtful. she visits brahms, and we see him proudly sitting tall. okay, but actually he's kind of upset. greta had accepted the terms of conditions, and yet he's clearly violating the guidelines. she gets scared with the whole situation and runs off to her room. unfortunately, the phone isn't working. suddenly it rings. story recapped here. she throws away the phone, then braum's feet appear just under the door. he drops something off and says, i promise, i'll be good. greta slowly opens the door and finds some munchies. as an avid enjoyer of pb j, she becomes overwhelmed with joy. in all seriousness, i think she's come to believe that brahms is a peaceful spirit she gets face to face with him and agrees to follow his rules. as you can tell, this brings him a great deal of happiness. we then check up on the heel showers. they're seen writing a letter for brahms, before daddio announces it's time. the couple heads outside and spontaneously decides to take a swim. however, their attention is quickly stolen by a pair of rocks, which they probably collect. we're just having a wii swim. back to greta, we see that she started to follow brahms's orders. she feeds him, plays psychomotor mo bamba, reads him stories and ducks him into bed. one day, while playing piano for baby robs, malcolm storms in. he's sad that she's kind of ghosting him, so he decided to stop by a little earlier this week to check up on her. he then drops off the hillshare letter before the pair, or rather trio, have lunch. he notes that greta is getting along rather well with brahms. then once again asks her out on a date. she declines, saying that she can't leave brahms. oh, you wouldn't mind, would you, bronze, yeah, it's still a no for me, dawg. malcolm heads off that a frustrated greta tries to get a reaction out of brahms, mommy, chill. she goes to throw away his food, and in that moment, brahms moves. greta calls malcolm back, and of course, he hurriedly returns to the manor. she reveals to him that brahms is alive, but he's quick to dismiss it. alright, well, i've set up a very scientific test here. we draw chalk around brahms, then walk away and hope he moves. let's give it a shot. they head to another room, then greta knocks on the walls to signal roms, no dice. okay, okay, okay. this time it'll really work. she whispers to brahms and warns that she really needs him to do this or she'll be forced to leave. they run off, she knocks, and the spirit reveals itself. ayusha, he really moved. told you. so the pair heads out for a little walk, and greta opens up about her abusive ex cole she was actually pregnant around the time they broke up. however, coal caused her to lose the baby. heartbroken, she took this job in another country in an attempt, in an attempt to get away. greta states that she now feels a motherly connection to braves. just like the heel shires. she knows what it's like to lose a child, and feels as though brahms chose her for this reason. let's go. my man's is finally in but baby bromzy needs a little kissy tail. greta and malcolm head back to her room to study anatomy, though things are cut short by the sudden rumblings of loud music. they head to the living room to find romps back at it again. brahms, could you stop being such a clam shackle, in other words, a c blocker? later the pair chat, and malcolm is clearly upset. he advises her to get some perspective on the situation, but greta believes she's already seeing things clearly. she won't be leaving brahms with no other option. malcolm shares a dark tale. brahms used to have a friend, emily, who was found dead shortly after attending his birthday party. by the time the authorities arrived, the place was already up in flames. brahms hears everything. after malcolm leaves, greta tucks him in, then visits the attic to further inspect his photos. he finds pictures of emily and brahms together. perhaps the stories are true. though she doesn't pay the much mind and continues with her duties. one day, while heading back inside to make some food, greta overhears someone playing pool in the house. uh, oh. it's cole, and he's chad. after taking the fact that this kid is actually a doll, he realizes that snatching greta up will be rather easy. or so he thinks. the trio have dinner, and cole states, i bought the tickets. we're heading out tomorrow. suddenly, malcolm arrives. awkward. there isn't really anything he can do, so he kind of just leaves. what a beta male. meanwhile, brahms gives cole the stanky eye. as greta heads off to bed, cole grabs her and says, you're not getting away from me, and i'm not letting you go in bed. greta assures braum she won't leave, but she's gonna need his help. we also see that our knight in shining armor. malcolm is sleeping in his car, just in case things get rowdy overnight. later in the night, greta is awakened. cole is screaming her name and holding a bundle of dead rats. blood adorns the wall, spelling, get out. and brahms is seen ominously sitting. tensions escalate, and malcolm pulls up, but he's all bark in, no bite. he stands idly by as cole swings brahms back and forth. the walls begin to rattle and rumble, as the spirit of brahms powers up. cole with his 200 iq. leans his ear against a mirror. a voice emerges from within the walls, and then the truth is revealed. brahms is a discord moderator. he's been living within the walls this entire time, watching, stalking and waiting. he overpowers coal and lays him to rest. then the chase is on. greta and malcolm run away, but brahms is in hopper suit. the pair manages to find their way into the walls and stumble upon braum's man cave. greg spots the dress you stole, and it appears as though romzy has been using it like an anime pillow. she then finds the letter that heelshard's left, and is shocked to learn that this is what they had planned all along. malcolm believes he's found a way out, so they head in that direction. there we go, the way out. greta struggles to open it, and brahms is quickly approaching. malcolm volunteers to stay behind and fight for her safety. simp despite likely being an avid watcher of japanese cartoons, proms is pretty strong. meanwhile, greta manages to escape. but as she flees, brahms warns that he'll kill malcolm if she doesn't come back. yeah, i think i'm good. and that's the end of the movie. just kidding. apparently, greta has a heart of gold. so she returns, she greets brahms and says, see, i promise i'd never leave you. now it's time for bad brahms follow the rules. he falls for her act. and as she tucks him into bed, he asks for it. she can't bring herself to do it, so brahms gets angry. okay, fine. she kisses him and then penetrates brahms counters with a heat god he's strong as he squeezes the life out of greta. she jabs the knife in deeper. eventually, he succumbs to his wounds, and greta saves malcolm. the pair drives off, and the film ends with a still-living brahms repairing his doll. oh, by the way, you can now become a member of the channel by hitting the join button. for just five dollars a month, you can get basically nothing. i mean, there's these icons, i guess, but yeah, it's mainly just a way to support the channel. please kindly consider this trade offer. thank you. 