[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, were breaking down the ending of uncut gems. the film closes with a lot of things up in the air. and throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down what we took from the final few scenes and the overall themes behind the movie. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch it yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of uncut gems. after a brief prologue that introduces us to the rare and mystifying opal pretty much becomes the MacGuffin of the movie, we meet Howard Ratner, a gambling addict that runs a jewelry store in New York's Taemin district. the first time we come across the character is a rather intimate moment during a colonoscopy, in which if polyps is found, though whirring at first, it is revealed to be benign. and this sort of closeness to what could be death, and then the revelation that everything will be okay, is something that's mirrored throughout the movie. uncut gems is intentionally filmed, edited and presented in a way that will cause anxiety. and predominantly, we follow Howard as he struggles to pay off a $100,000 debt that he owes to his brother-in-law, Arno. we're just going to be giving a brief parte overview of everything before we get into our analysis on the film, so we can properly set things up in context that we're discussing later on. I'll try and keep it as simple as possible and just cover the main points. but if you haven't seen the film yet, then I highly recommend that you check it out anyway. Howard lives with his girlfriend, Julia, and the character has a very estranged relationship with his wife. neither he nor Dinah, his ex have informed their children that they're pretty much about to get divorced. and this is very much about keeping up appearances, which is also exemplified in his brother-in-law, know who Howard is in debt to. Howard obtains ople and wishes to listed at auction for an estimated price of 1 million dollars. which he sure that he can get. after showing it to basketball player kevin garnett, the real-life figure, becomes obsessed with it and borrows it for good luck in a game that night. he pawns gone it's ring, which he takes his colour a roll and places a bet on Garnett, who plays incredibly well. though Howard wins, it is revealed that the bet was stopped by oh no, who were with his bodyguards strip him naked and lock him in the trunk of his car, with help from his wife, diner, howard is able to get out. Howard has trouble getting the upper back from Garnett, and he frantically chases after it through the majority of the movie. everything sort of comes to a head when he calls his employee, Damini, to try and get it back for him. and they agree to meet at a party hosted by the weekend here he finds out that gone it still has the stone, and he discovers Julia in the bathroom with the singer. they break up, and how it goes crawling back to his wife, who flat out refuses his advances. eventually, gone it returns the opal and offers to purchase it outright for a hundred and seventy five thousand dollars. but Howard refuses this and pushes it to auction. unfortunately, when he gets there, he realizes that the opals value has been lowered. and thus he convinces his father and all too she'll bid against garnet in order to drive up the price. Howard gets too greedy and wins it. and outside he's assaulted by Ono and his thugs. once more, as a broken man, he rebuilt his relationship with Julia. we discover that garnet still wishes to purchase the gem. Arnaud arrives at the store just as this is happening, and it looks like the character could finally be out of debt. however, Howard decides to bet all of the money from garnet on the player that night. and he sends to you Lee arrived places for him. whilst he holds up Arnaud and his gang in the shop. after locking them between security doors, they're forced to sit and watch the game play out. a miracle happens, and Howard's insane Beck comes off winning the character 1.2 million dollars. it looks like we're gonna get a happy ending. but when Howard frees the thugs, one of them shoots him, and then they kill our know who tries to escape. worried for him, dinah calls the police to check out what's happening, and they begin to descend on the location. the two enforces then raid the store, stealing everything. and we zoom in on how it's cheek, which then trans forms into the inside of the mystical stone before becoming the universe. it's a really trippy way to end the film, but there's actually a lot to take from it. now, the first big question I've seen is, what happened to the money? well, now julia has it, the thugs will be arrested, and she will likely be able to do what she wants with it. however, that doesn't mean that there will be happy ending. and personally, I think she may even travel a similar path to the one that we see Howard on in the film. uncut. gems is very much about greed and how a short-sighted view of things can ultimately lead to your own downfall. Howard had several opportunities to pay off the debt, but instead he kept gambling, trying to win bigger and bigger with no real perception of things around him. this is reflected in several characters throughout the film. and the only one who doesn't seem transfixed by the short-term is Dinah. we know this because she turns down Howard's advances to repair their relationship because she's been through this before and already knows the outcome. Howard, on the other hand, repeats the cyclical behavior that will offer short-term rewards, but not ones in the long term. this is murdered in the thugs who loot the store and Julia, which I'll get into in just a bit. okay, so as the film ends, the thugs are trapped in the store, and that is blatantly obvious. we see throughout the film, even when experienced people want to use the security doors, they have a lot of difficulty with it the trappings of their Sulli - one of the most nail-biting moments in the movie. I think this is purely put in place to serve the fact that the thugs are trapped there and will be unable to escape in time for the police that are closing in on the position. however, they don't really seem to care, and are happy just living. the store for jewelry that we've seen throughout the film isn't worth what its value does. they are purely focused on the short term, rather than the long term, the here and now, the possession of these objects, rather than the lifetime in prison that awaits them if they don't up and leave immediately. like, come on, just just run. please. run. Julia also follows a similar sort of view, and this highlights to me how the money will be wasted by the character. this is exemplified by her cheating on Howard with the weakened early in the film, she had a great relationship with the character and a stable job due to him. however, she was more bothered about a short-term thing in a nightclub bathroom with a celebrity, rather than what it would do to her home employment. once more, she's fixed purely on what's in front of her, rather than the bigger picture. due to the weakened status, he's sort of an Opel for Julia, and she's willing to throw it all away just for him. now it does work out for an away, but only because Howard is too transfixed on the short term, and he takes her back. Howard lives in a constant cycle of toxicity, and thus she is able to go back to him. however, not everyone is like that, and in the big wide world by itself, I believe she will end up losing the money because of how she operates. julia has just won a huge sum of cash through gambling, and no doubt she would try this again. I mean, who wouldn't? I don't gamble, but if I'd won that kind of money from gambling, I probably put it all on black with something stupid. as for the ending itself, the topsy-turvy trip actually means a lot, and to me, is a symbolism for death and the great beyond. uncut gems is completely crazy. whether it's the characters constantly shouting over one another things not working out how they're supposed to, or Howard placing stupid bet, or one after the other, it reflects our lives in general, and shows how, from one second to the next, a lot of people are in a constant state of panic, trying to get things done, rushing by a living day-to-day with no real thought for the long-term. and one day it will all just stop. similar to the movie the rush, the noise, the calamity of it all will come to an end. the first true bit of peace and quiet throughout the entire film comes due to Howard's death. and there's no more tension, no more anxiety, no more worry, just a relaxing trip from this world to the next. now what's most haunting about this final farewell with the character is that there's a grin spread across his face. he actually dies smiling, almost seeming like he doesn't have a care in the world, which at this point he doesn't. we see Howard throughout the movie grinning like this. but the one that sticks with me the most is earlier in the film, when he's placed a big bet, and garnett, the bookmaker at the restaurant, says it's the most ridiculous bet he's ever heard. but howard disagrees and can be seen smiling. this is Howard when he's at his happiest, taking the long shot, showing that he's right and that he can win it all. if Howard had have survived the final few moments of the film, it's unlikely that he would have ever had another payout like this. for the rest of his life, he played big one big and went out on top. obviously, I'm guessing that the audience didn't want the character dead, and would have wanted him to settle his bets, get a life with his kids and used the money on his family to live basically the life that he'd been begging for. let's be honest, though, none of that mattered to Howard. he was more bothered about the chase, the excitement and thrill of it, rather than the results. even with the winnings. similar to Julia, the two probably would have just bet the money again, ended up in the deep with the Sharks. and I've gone through a similar sort of thing. however, here, Howard doesn't have to go through that. his last moment on earth was him winning and winning big. the character went out on top, in his element and happy. so when you look at it, in some ways, the ending is actually a happy one, and the character is finally at peace. uncut gems was definitely a film I had difficulty enjoying at the time due to its frantic editing and pacing. but in hindsight, I realized that it was all intentionally put in place to make the ending so perfect. it's a shame that Sanger got snubbed for the Oscar nomination, because it is genuinely one of his best and most memorable performances in years. you haven't seen the film yet, then I highly recommend that you check it out now, especially because it's on Netflix. and it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on uncut gems and what you took from the ending. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you check out our full breakdown of the new Netflix series The Stranger, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over everything in the film, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from his letters, 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early and can suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you want to come chat to us after the video, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty can win dr. sleep. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sub with notifications on. the more videos he comment on, and the more you have a chance of winning. so please get involved, as the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. best of luck to everyone who takes part, and I'll see you next time. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now, see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 