listen, there supposed to be a prestige when it comes to the Oscars. there's a reason why all the other award shows put thousands, if not millions, into their ceremonies, only to be titled the road to the Oscars. but what's funny is that at least the other shows ain't scared to host a host half of the time. I know that the foolishness dealing with the nominations is because of statistics. mostly though, it is, you know, campaigning buffoonery. we made an entire video covering that and Netflix pillows. and that sucks, because the Oscars are supposed to mean something, love them or hate them. if the voting academy was actually watching the movies, we'd be highlighting the Superbowl of cinema, honoring the best of the best. it should boost the winners career for being the best in their field, and shine a light on projects that otherwise may not have been seen, but got the attention thanks to the Academy of Motion Penn said they put cats on the VFX shortlist. this is before Universal admitted that they weren't even done editing the effects come the premiere of the film and had to release another version after people had already paid for it. the Academy put them on their shortlist a month prior to that. said, while the stock for the Oscars is, it's clearly very low right now. even the people winning the awards keep losing them. I'm gonna take a page out of my cohost from the intercut podcast, Zacks tweet, and give my thoughts on the Oscars while highlighting a couple more films and filmmakers I hope you have on your radar. let me explain. so starting off with Best Picture. I personally think it's a really solid list. on the intercut podcast, we talked about how the total number always varies because of the algorithm the Academy uses. so other than that one year where they really implemented it, it's kind of statistically impossible to get ten nominees, and that's why we keep seeing nine. but even more statistically impossible, it's taking all your favorites, we're gonna be up there. I don't get why people are always upset that there's like three movies they don't like, considering out of the ten, I expect a good 50 years or 60 may go your way, but three probably aren't gonna be your favorites. that's it. I don't get why these are error there. The Joker obviously needs to be highlighted since it got the most nominations, at 11. and man, wanna write, it's been just just watching all the chaos at this movie has caused. I got an early screening to Joker back in 1982, so I've already seen the better version of this movie. but nonetheless, I think it's still has built a huge fanbase, one that does tend to act like the Joker when someone doesn't like the movie, which, sadly, you think that the Joker memes would be a little bit better. so I'm a little sad in there. but on the flip side, it's also been just as crazy seeing all the people who hate this movie and talk about it more than the people who love it. how all the people who were telling you you couldn't go see the movie because of something that was gonna never happen. and I were at the end of the year, and this movie's got 11 nominations. so other el-amin nominees that I would have put in this category that I think would have fit the definition of Best Picture would have been Lulu Wong's heartfelt The Farewell the version of the current war that wasn't massacred by Weinstein, and clearly was gonna be set up for award season. the audience beloved thriller knives out the forgiving. a beautiful day in the neighborhood in the Sandman coming for you in your dreams. that said, I do think these two are very representative of what the Academy is always looking for, even though the best is right in front of their eyes. speaking of I think the foreign language category, which was recently renamed best international feature, for reasons we'll find out in a couple of years, in certain movies get nominated, was actually stacked. I've talked about all five, with parasite being at the top. for me for sure. I was super happy to see Corpus Christi get nominated, because it's this movie I was able to catch at TIFF about a criminal wanting to be a priest, but they won't let him, so he does it anyway. I highly recommend it. shout out to honey land for getting that dock. in foreign I thought it was about to get cinematography as well, but the a24 boys came in with their black and white film. and we all know the Academy tends to vote one of those in. but some of the other alameen turn a tional films that would perfectly fit this list is the Danish Queen of Hearts, an erotic drama following a manipulative therapist. Lebanon's 1982, which splits the perspective of the Lebanon War between the teachers trying to find the courage to protect their students from the war, and the students trying to find the courage to ask their other classmates out because they don't know what's going on. Russia's beanpole, which I recommend watching. the masterfully cut Khan Strahler, if you want to go into hyped and knowing nothing, the American trailer if you want to know half the movie. baccarat from Brazil and France, which wasn't even eligible for an Oscar cuz supposedly only one good movie can represent a country. and Francis, portrait of a lady on fire we is a masterpiece in terms of directing. I do think there was plenty of great female directors this year who could have easily made one of the top five spots but I don't think that takes away from the impeccable work, the brilliant work that each of these men did directing this year, while tawdry, watch taxi driver. I love how the movies that Greta no a directed got nominated for everything except their directing. but they can sleep soundly knowing they've made the LME list and that both of them, as partners, are probably gonna have Oscars at their dinner table served. I would also highlight Lulu Wong, who did an exceptional job directing between two, sometimes even three, languages, to make a film that was considered both an American and foreign film, so the Academy didn't know what to do with it. Omaha is the reason Schiele's autobiography translate so well into film. Solinsky ama directed some of the best dialogue of the year that's already made the criterion collection. we made an entire video on Mary o Heller's pitch-perfect direction in a beautiful day in the neighborhood. and I'm really glad that Ryan Johnson made a comeback from his million-dollar Star Wars movie. they get an Oscar nomination for writing, but I do think he deserves a lot of recognition for his direction in knives out as well, considering the masterful blocking he did with his all-star cast. in terms of writing, stacked as well. I'm torn between marriage story and parasite for original. personally, I want to say marriage story, but I really do like parrots like I love the Irishman. but y'all gotta read how Greta overlapped her little woman's script. and so what I really want to mention is that I have a link in the description. you can even google it. all of these scripts are available to download for free. each one adds so much to the movie. and if you've never one read a movie script before, I highly recommended, especially with some of the best of the year that are available for you. but a lot of these scripts also have a bunch of extra scenes. I would also add to the nominees, loose, which was one of my favorite scripts of the year, midsummer and The Farewell, which has one of the most heartbreaking segments that ended up as a deleted scene. moving on to the acting side of things, we have all the supporting ones, like Pitt, who I'm pretty sure he's gonna take it, even though he said he wasn't doing any promo during I think it's been a shoo-in since the entire run, but it was kind of sad to not see Willem Dafoe on their song kang-ho. or Florence. look, I'm biased when it comes to Florence. it's kinda like when a ref makes a bad call, but it's in your favor. I love seeing Florence Pugh nominated. I don't know about it being for the movie where they just put bangs on her head and called her a 13 year old. a lot of people would say JLo was snubbed for Hustler's while the character she plays is a still hustling. but when we look at the leads, I'm going driver and scarlet all the way. look, they're my favorites. I don't care what non-working actor's flexing their credentials on Twitter. tell you. I wouldn't even say that it should get nominated for the big scenes they keep getting me. it should be nominated for the tiny ones that can also beat me other el-amin amma knees would include eddie murphy, Taron Egerton, andre holland, loose himself, elizabeth mouse would have gotten nominated if she had followed the Joker route. annette bening in a hope cap. but there's one one specific performance that cut deep. [Applause]. I love all the best. supporting speeches for the people not even nominated are gonna be better than the speeches we're gonna hear that night in 2019. soda break still shooting his movies on an iPhone. but Quinton and Robert are so shooting on film 1917, which I love. I think it's gonna end up on the top of most people's list for doing the most the irishman, besides some kicks, did an incredible job spanning eras they said, Rodrigo and the three headed cameras this man had. Joker looked as filthy as it was. and we already talked about the Oscars and black and white Thrones, but Yaron Blaschke deserved it for the lighthouse. and even though whichever target about it, I would also highlight Mona's last black man in San Francisco. and the documentary duo of honey land and midnight family, which don't just look great, but were actually shot on the fly. moving on to the visual effects. I'd like to highlight ad astra and their commercial flights, the subway on the moon. John awake for breathing, Godzilla, if you had the right screen. and a couple of smaller movies that did go above and beyond in that department, in my opinion, literally anything but cats. sound mixing, I think, sadly, gets the least attention, sound mixing editing, in the departments. because, like I mean, at least a costume designers are gonna see their stuff cosplay during Halloween. sound designers usually don't get anything. I do think that nineteen seventeen excelled in both beyond any other film in 2019. and I highly recommend this upcoming year, spoiling yourself and catching a movie at a Dolby Atmos Theatre. if you've never gone to one, I highly recommend it. it is the best sound that you can possibly feel. you gonna feel it in your but in terms of the best stunt choreography category, the Oscars forgot to recognize him this year. but here at ellamy, we got John wick three climax 1917. and I'm sure Joaquin would have kicked his way in there if there was one. best editing I have to go for the Irishman. you know, it's got to be the Irishman. I've seen this movie six times, and thalma cut it so it just flies by. but I will say that marriage story not getting nominated is insane to me, considering how intricately cut that movie was, like even at the editor on set, throughout the entire shoe, like Carson run quiz did not make his one good video of last year, for you guys, I lost my body. I think is one of the best movies of the year. so it was great to see it nominated, and I hope it wins for animation. but it was also good to see Klaus, which did some incredible stuff with 2d the missing link. people are probably still surprised by the Globes. and it would be cool to see how to train your dragon'. pull a Return of the King. I know that it lost the Toy Story the first time, and I'll toy stories back, but it being the last one that I could win it for, I think would be cool place Toy Story 4 as well as there. and I know that a lot of people have been talking smack about it. I know a lot of people were skeptical about the 4th. and may have not liked the story, but in terms of animation, I mean, you're lying to yourself if you don't think this pushed the boundaries with all the textures and lights that it did. some of our other pics, though, would be abominable. primal from the creator of Samurai Jack and Dexter's Lab and weathering with you. personally, I feel like a lego movies never gonna get nominated, and I just wanted to mention that. but it's better than ending up into the unknown like frozen, which did get song though, but honestly, that's just Elton's to lose. this year had a lot of artists trying to expand on their yachts by writing songs for feeling movies, but both got shut out. that said, the song from Wild Rose, I feel, should have gotten something, and maybe even Thom Yorke's track from motherless Brooklyn, which I thought was the only good thing from that movie. that said, score wise, I do want Hildur to take it because she had a killer year last year. but I also really liked Michael levy score for mo nose and Emile's the last black man in San Francisco. score, which, again, was intelligible. but those are the two that I want to highlight because they are crazy, good boy, not as crazy as John Williams getting 52 nominations breaking down their art departments. we have the production design and once upon a time in Hollywood, which I feel is gonna be the winner, because, look, just do yourself a favor and check any of the behind the scenes to see how they turned all of Hollywood Boulevard back into the 60s, down to the windowpanes. but 1917, at miles and miles of trenches, all specifically measured to the actors pace who would be running the scene. I still gotta go, once upon a time in Hollywood. if I could add any I would say, knives out and all of its mysteries that have left in plain sight throughout the house. the attention to detail and a beautiful day in the neighborhood with its sets and the 100 page Bible re a star made for the production of midsole. more in terms of best makeup and hairstyling, this is been a category that's usually been getting like three nominations, but they amped it up to 5 this year. and while I think bombshells the best one, I think Rocket Man and once upon a time should have been in the category as well. in terms of costumes. Celine did her own for portrait of a lady on fire, and I think that should have gotten some recognition. Rocket Man nailed it with Elton's costumes throughout the decades. but look, if we're gonna talk about one snub, the one real big snub that I think did happen, it would have been Ruthie Carter for Dolomites. because poor Eddie had to put up with those shoes. yeah, but she wouldn't got them vintage shoes. I just wanted to mention a couple of the shorts here, and even link Zacks Twitter thread that has a bunch of the shorts listed for you to watch online for free. because sadly, a lot of these get lost and never seem to be seen again. and I really hope streaming finds a way to help these shorts get more attention. in terms of the short docs I'm really looking into in the absence winning because this covers the story of a South Korean ferry that sunk, killing 300 people, most of them children, and how the people responsible didn't even pull up the ferry until three years later. on the animated side of things, it's a little bit lighter. there's Kipple, which is on Disney Plus. and I really like it. I thought it was cute, but I really loved hair love, which you could also watch online. others I like to mention are the tip selects flesh and why slugs don't have legs. and in terms of live acts, I had a couple. there was a bunch of the festival ones that we've been mentioning throughout the year, like run, which I know is now available online. I'll end up in jail. has a crazy ending anima, which is on Netflix, little gray bubbles, debris or man debris exam. and even your go slant the most had a short film out this year that definitely feels like you're goes lanthum owes, to wrap up the final category, I'm really looking at American factory, produced by the Obamas. it's on Netflix to be the big winner, because I don't even know how they got this much access to cover this. auto glass plants in Ohio that's merging with a Chinese company because the GM plant went bankrupt, and now they got thousands of people. it is this crazy culture clash that got captured on film. some of the other ones that I would like to highlight is on Amazon. we have one child nation, uncovering the history to China's one-child policy. this movie wastes no time asking the real questions. Maidan was another one I really liked that follows the first ever female crew who raced around the world. and I know at one point the Oscars wanted the most popular category, and in terms of docks, I would give that to none other than the fire fest duo, which definitely will be remembered because some scenes were hard to swallow. overall, I've got on record in stating that 2019 was an incredible year for film, one of the best of the decade, in my opinion. so regardless of if you agree with all of the nominees or not, hopefully the Oscars shine a light on a movie or two that you may not have known, but hopefully won't soon forget. if not, I blame y'all for inducting Tom Holland. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. are your thoughts down below in the comment section? again, I'm a man of my word. I had mentioned it in the beautiful day video. I was really looking forward to some more nominations. I would have even done some canceled out if would have gone, like a credit Gerwig in a Lulu Wong there. but look, I mean, they flagged my videos all the time. so when I said I wasn't gonna cover the Oscars, still wanted to cover the nominations, but in terms of the ceremony, I won't even be in town, technically. but, uh, yeah, usually they flag all the stuff that I do. anyways, if you want to see my thoughts on the Oscars, here's the video from last year. pretty much gonna be saying the same things, but it is gonna be interesting to see what AMC does, considering the fact that AMC Theaters last year didn't play Romo cuz it was a Netflix movie. so this year, when they do the showcase and they start playing all the Best Picture winners, I'm curious what they're gonna do, considering there's more Netflix movies this year. but I don't know. we'll see. one last prediction I'll make here is that once upon a time in Hollywood, didn't get best editing. I know Best Picture is up. it can go anywhere it can go to Jo. Jo rabbit, to be honest with you, considering that, you know, Green Book one TIFF last year, and that's Jo Jo wanted this year. but hey, if parasite wins man, that would be the same. other than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment. like and subscribe. we get justice for MA 