okay, so there's this new Nick Cage movie that I heard a lot of people talking about from festivals. and it's directed by one of the dudes who did the crank movies, who was like a stuntman turned director. and he's doing this movie about parents going crazy and killing their own kids because of radio frequencies. it's so messed up, you gotta rent it. you gotta watch it with your parents. just make sure you, you know, bring a knife for protection. let me explain. right at the beginning, we see a mom who is listening to the radio, and a frequency goes on, and she just straight up leaves her kid on the train tracks to get run over. that's not how you train a child. we then get introduced, so the Ryan's, who are the main family, and they're your regular suburban household, which should automatically tip you off that they're insane. you can tell the parents miss being young. they hate that their daughter now has a boyfriend. and while stopping her from seeing him is kind of rude, this is just disrespectful. excuse me. big mobs of parents end up swarming the school before the bell even rings, because they've all heard the frequency and are ready to kill these kids. the cops are trying to keep him away, and they have this fence up, but a kid decides that he misses his mom so much, he jumps over it, and his parents straight up key him like that Kelly Clarkson song. you thought being booked in high school was bad, imagine getting bagged by your dad mid football field. my dude over here gets Brian Urlacher. the Ryan's have them made at their house, and she decides to tenderize her own child. chicks. boyfriend goes home, and after his dad pulls an Arthur fist, he then pulls the bottle on him and tries to kill his son before getting gutted himself. we then watch the news, and we're dr. oz, of all people, decides to come out and tell us about this frequency and why it's killing people, because it has something to do with the animal kingdom, and how they sometimes kill the kids when they decide to kill their kids. Grant Morrison also appears, who, if you don't know this, is a real life comic book writer, who, I guess we're know something since he writes some crazy stuff. momma Ryan goes to the hospital since her sister's having a kid. and the moment that her sister gives life to her child, she is ready to take it away. here's the thing, though, the parents are only killing their own kids. whenever they see another person who's not related to them, they just act normal, like those families at the day after the purge, you know, like nothing thing ever happened at all. Carly and her boyfriend head over to the house to get her brother to protect them. and then we get this beauty of a line from Nick Cage, Brant anal beads. in fact, let me just hit you with the entire Nick Cage montage right now. father like son, right? but if you ever touch that car again. thank you. this is a flashback. this is before they even go crazy. back to the present though, Nick gets triggered when he sees his daughter's boyfriend in his house. and if mr. fantastic was a pimp, he would smack his hoes the way Cage straight-up disrespects this young man right here. mama Ryan gets home, and they tried a jigsaw through the door that the kids are hiding behind. Kade goes to go get his gun, but his kid, Josh, beat him to it, and he Glocks his mama. at this point, it decides to stick a hose from the outside so that the basement gets filled with gas. and that way the kids end up choking off of carbon monoxide. which just a reminder, your local PSA, this is the silent killer, so always check your smoke detectors. however, it Carly's a MacGyver over here, and she sets up matches right underneath the door, so that when the parents open it, it'll look like police. he's coming over for dinner. the thing explodes. they make their escape. the boyfriend comes back to life. he gets fish hooked, then he dies again by the mom and right when the parents are about to kiss their kids to death, the doorbell rings. believe it or not, it's the grandparents who also wants to kill their own kids. so now we got this entire family battle royale going on. and Nick Cage ends up disintegrating both of his parents with one skirt. and the boyfriend pulls a Night of the Living Dead again, coming back to life, and he saves a day. if there's anything that this movie is trying to teach you at this point is that it's okay to, you know, break the fifth commandment. there's a couple of flashbacks that happen throughout the movie that kind of give us a gist that, you know, the meaning of it, the themes. there's one word Cage was trying to create, a man cave because, you know, parents get old, but they still want to be young and adventurous. there's actual scenes where we look back at both of them's and the fun that they had when they were youth. and there's even this line that they deliver, you used to be candle now, or just mom, dad, knowing that we can finish up the cliffhanger line that they leave us with when they're tied up. and Nic Cage says, kill you. it's, you know, your parents love you, but sometimes they just want to kill you. thank you guys for checking out this movie. it's completely crazy. I do say run said, if you're in Nick Cage, Finn, you got to be in a cage fan. there's another movie called Mandy from Sundance that is also super crazy. that one also gets a rent it for me, for anyone who just wants that craziness from Nick Cage. it these, both of these, you gotta check them out. other than that, let me know your thoughts about this movie down below in the comments section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and remember, your dad can't kill you if he was never there. 