welcome to the man of recaps. this is the flash, season three. at the end of season two, barry allen ran back to the past to save his mother from being killed by the reverse flash. and it worked. now in the present, both of his parents are alive and well. great success. but the world's different in some other ways. barry allen never became the flash. here. it's actually wally west who got flash powers, going by kid flash, the star labs team doesn't exist. in fact, cisco's the billionaire ceo of his own tech company. the biggest change though, without his mother's death, barry never went to live with the west, so he never met iris. he has to orchestrate to meet cute so they can start dating. but as that's happening, he's starting to lose memories of his previous life. he goes to see the reverse flash, eobardon, who's got locked in a cage, and he names his alternate timeline flashpoint. he's like, yeah, kid, time travel is messy. pretty soon you'll forget your old life entirely, and you'll lose your power. so barry has no choice but to run him back to the past and let him kill his mom. so back in the real present day. everything's normal again, except is it? though? cisco's brother just died, and he blames barry for it. plus iris and her father, joe west, are super mad at each other. barry's like, this timeline sucks too. let me try again. but this time someone stops him. it's jay garrick, the flash of earth 3. he breaks down time travel for barry, it's like, hey, if you change something, but then try to change it back, it's never quite the same. it's always a little different. and so barry has to accept things are stuck the way they are now in this post flashpoint timeline. this sucks for cisco, whose brother's dead now. but pretty soon life goes back to normal as iris and joe make up. in fact, barry and iris have their actual first kiss. this time it's number three for him. but the others got erased. and from here on out, barry and iris are dating for real. but some of the people who are met at human villains in the flashpoint timeline are having memories of that alternate life. they're being summoned by this creepy cult display doctor guy who calls himself alchemy and can somehow give them their flashpoint powers. and so, per usual, there's a whole series of one-off villains of the week. one day, earth 2, harrison wells comes for a visit with his daughter, jessie, who's now a speedster. yes, remember she and wally were hit by that dark matter last season? she's got speedster powers now, but wally still doesn't. anyway, she trains with the flash and goes by the superhero name jessie quick. pretty soon, though, her and her dad are going home to earth too. but he doesn't want to leave team flash without harrison wells, so they hold auditions from the whole multiverse of wells, some of whom look hilarious. they find one, though, who seems like a great fit. so cisco vibes him on over, and h.r wells joins the team. harry was a very grumpy wells, but h.r is extremely friendly, real nice guy. he's a great talker. but pretty soon it becomes a parent he has no idea about any of this science stuff. yes, he runs star labs over on his earth, but he's no scientist. he's more the ideas guy. was i a con man when i showed him how to fashion a rope using carbon fiber. i came up with those ideas. you were prompted by my suggestions. so, as usual, he and cisco, buttheads at first, but by the end, they become best friends. one day, while the west starts having memories of when he was kid, flash over. in flashpoint, he goes to see alchemy, but let the cops there to catch him. turns out alchemy was just the hype man. the real big bad is a speedster with white lightning. oh, he's a crazy robot transformer guy. yes, he calls himself savitar, the god of speed. as usual, with a new speedster villain. he's way faster than barry, but can't just kill him right now, for complicated supervillain reasons, by the way. while he couldn't resist, he touches alchemy's philosopher's stone and, boom. while he's got speedster powers, officially joins team flash as kid flash. in fact, team flash has a bunch of superheroes, because in this timeline, cisco's mastered his vibe powers, and caitlyn has the ice powers of earth 2 doppelganger, killer frost. it seems like a split personality thing sometimes. killer frost takes over and goes full supervillain, but mostly the team's able to talk her down. another change from flashpoint is that barry has a partner at the csi lab. it's julian albert, a meta human specialist who does not get along with barry. and yes, that is draco malfoy. eventually, the flash takes alchemy down. and turns out to alchemy is julian. he's not evil, though he has no memory of it. turns out he found that philosopher's stone, and, oh, it possessed him. yes, if you open the box, sabotar could show up. so let's keep that thing closed, like lord of the rings. they can't just destroy this thing, so they decide to hide it inside the speed force. but that temporarily blasts barry a few months into the future, where he sees himself facing off with savitar who has iris. and no, he kills her. so now the main goal is to alter that future and save iris's life. but in the meantime, romance blooms between our new speedsters, jesse and wally. julian joins the team, has a flirtation with caitlyn snow and papa joe west has a new girlfriend, district attorney cecile horton. barry and iris put their relationship on super speed. they move in together, then he proposes, but they have a big fight. but then there's a musical episode with supergirl. then he proposes again while singing. the best romance though is between cisco and gypsy, an interdimensional bounty hunter. yeah, she's got vibe powers too, here to collect on hr. cisco defeats her though, in a trial by combat, and gets a long distance girlfriend out of it. and of course, you can't have a season of flash without gorilla grodd. last season they sent him to the earth 2 gorilla city. now he tricks barry into fighting his gorilla rival so grog can be king and leave an army of gorillas on central city. they vibe in the old gurley king, though, who manages to defeat grodd until next season. now, back to savitar. there's one piece of the philosopher's stone they missed, so sabotage is able to hallucinate wally. he tricks him into throwing that last piece into the speed force. but turns out, oh, that sucks wally into it and lets sabotar out. yes, this was all part of his master plan. he's finally free, but for complicated supervillain reasons, can't just kill the flash right now. so barry goes into the speed force to rescue wally from speed force prison. it turns out you can't leave it empty. a speed stress to stay behind. so it's jay garrick who takes one for the team. meanwhile, killer frost has taken over caitlyn again. and after joining team savitar, she comes out with full super villain outfit. all right. she and cisco face off about a dozen times. he's always like, caitlyn, i know you're in there. and she's always like, no, i'm not. now, when they turned julian into a ouija board, savitar told him that flash defeated him in the future. so barry travels to the future to find out how they beat him. but future barry allen has grown out long emo hair. he's super sad since iris's death. he finally tells barry how he created the speed force prison for him. with the help of this scientist, who in the present is just a grad student. they get the scientists to build the speed force bazooka yeah. she and hr have a real connection. they have a romance. also, she figures out savitar's not a robot, he's a man in a suit. and pretty soon barry allen finds out who's inside. it is himself. yes, future evil barry allen turns out he's actually a time remnant. remember like the one berry created to help him defeat zoom? that one conveniently sacrificed himself in the process, so they never had to answer the tough question, what happens if you've got to barry allen's turns out this guy is a time remnant berry created to help him fight savitar. but when he survived, everyone shunned him because it was weird. and now he became savitar. cisco goes to the time travel explanation board to try to explain it, but it's still super confusing. and so finally, the day has come. savitar captures iris, but this time barry's got the speed force bazooka. oh, gonna trap him. but no, it doesn't work. that was a waste. and so here we are. we failed to change anything. and, oh, iris is killed. no. but wait, what's this? that's not iris. it is h.r wells, yes, earlier, he sneakily disguised himself as iris. didn't tell barry so savitar wouldn't know. and so h.r wells, the fraud and the coward, turned out to be a hero when he sacrificed himself to save the future. so savitar's time loop is broken, but he's got a plan b, to repurpose the speed force bazooka to blast him into it and make him like a real god. but what's this? it doesn't work. in fact, boom, jay garrick's back. yeah, cisco did a science thing. he sabotaged it. and so it's the final showdown. while the speedsters all run around, cisco and killer frost having their final battle. in the end, he defeats her, but once again, no, i know caitlyn's still in there. i'm not gonna kill you. and so when savatar grabs i'm gonna kill cisco, oh, blasted with frost power. yeah. caitlyn was still in there in the end though. good. barry allen, oh, phases into the savitar suit, kicks the other one out. he blasts that thing apart. like, yo, man, you're done. savatar goes for a final sneak attack, but, oh, shot by iris west, and evil berries erased from the timeline. caitlyn decides not to take the killer frost cure they made. she's like, hey, killer frost's part of me. we gotta work things out. and now the day is saved. or is it? cause there's a crazy lightning storm going on. yes, with the speed force prison unoccupied, it's unstable, going to destroy the multiverse. and this time it is barry's turn, fair and square. so the speed force opens up in the form of barry's mom. like, hey, come on, son. let's do it. so barry says his goodbyes. he thinks he's going away forever, and he walks into the speed force. that's how season three of the flash comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 