hey guys. welcome back to flix recap. my name is luke pelletier, and in today's video, we're covering 2016's mystery thriller, money. as i'm sure y'all know by now, there are spoilers ahead. you've been warned. be sure to drop a comment, like the video, and, of course, subscribe to flix recap for more content like this. let's get it going. mark dudek is a chemical engineer who works for winfield laboratories. after his day's work, he comes back home with two silver briefcases. he keeps the first in the basement and takes the second upstairs to his room. he removes all the cash inside and then locks it away and is safe. later that night, his friend and co-worker, sean wells, comes over to the house with his girlfriend, christina. they exchange greetings and then head downstairs, leaving christina with mark's wife, sylvia. sean comments that they need to do it again, but mark says he thought it was a one-time thing, intentionally leaving out details for the viewer. they continue going back and forth, with sean wanting to continue and mark wanting to stop. they later come back up and rejoin the girls for dinner there. sylvia tells the group that she and mark want to have a baby. shawn congratulates them, and then the doorbell rings. sylvia goes to get the door, and the man standing there introduces himself as jon, their new neighbor. she tells him they're right in the middle of dinner, but his charming personality wins her over, and she invites him in. sean is immediately angered by jon, since jon keeps talking to christina in spanish. they each talk about what they do for work, and everything's going swimmingly, until jon drops a hint that mark and sean are thieves. sean very quickly gets aggressive and attacks jon. but jon has an incredible reaction time and chokes sean before drawing his gun from his jacket. jon orders everybody to turn off their phones and put them on the table, but sylvia says hers is in her room and that it's switched off. he calls her number, and, lo and behold, it actually was switched off. she informs him that she always tells the truth. honestly, a pretty terrible accomplice for a thief to have. but never mind that jon tells everyone he's only here for the money and that no one has to get hurt. mark plays dumb and says that they don't keep money in the house. but he's called out when john basically starts reading off mark's life details. jon continues and states sean's life details too. but neither of them are giving in. he then threatens to remove sean's fingers if he's not given the money. they all continue to stall until they see jon is about to make good on his threat. mark then reveals that the money is in the basement. john tells christina to go and get it, and she goes, but not before removing ten thousand dollars for herself. sylvia take note. john tells them he knows that this isn't all the money, that it's only half, so they should tell him where the rest is. sean tries to attack him, but again, mark is faster, and in one fell swoop, shawn's index finger comes right off. he gives shawn some ice and tells him that if they give him the money, they can still make it in time to reattach sean's finger. focused on getting mark to reveal the money's location, jon literally gets blindsided by christina, who pepper sprays him. he grabs his gun and shoots reactively, but doesn't hit anyone. mark grabs his legs as shawn hits him in the head with a bottle, knocking him out. they tie him up and then start deliberating on what to do next. they ask him a few questions, but obviously don't get any clear answers. sean suggests that they kill him, but the others stop him. jon tells him that he has a new proposal, that they should untie him and let him take the briefcase containing half the money and be on his merry way, and they'd never see him again. sylvia agrees, of course, but sean, like any other sane human, says no. sean insists that this shouldn't even be up for debate. he reaffirms his offer to kill jon, but christina stops him. meanwhile, mark and sylvia get into an argument. after he told her he did everything for her. she tells him she doesn't want the money and that he should just give it back. but he tells her that's not how this works. surprisingly, john agrees and also tells her that's not how it works. sean then pipes in and tells sylvia that's not how it works. i feel like this is basically a huge dig at sylvia from the entire production team. anyway, sean takes marc aside to tell him the plan. he thinks they should take jon somewhere secluded and just waste him. mark tells sean that he thinks they should negotiate. but sean makes a good point in saying that jon didn't bring a gun to negotiate. mark and sylvia go to the kitchen. mark tells her he needed the money since they're broke, and he used the house's collateral to borrow money to make up for his lost investments. shawn steps out for a quick drink, leaving christina with john. john tells her that he knows she took some money from the briefcase, and that nobody else knows. he tells her it can only stay that way if she frees him. he promises no one will get hurt, that he'll just take the money and leave. she agrees, but she takes even more money from the briefcase before letting him go. sean comes back and sees jon still sitting in the same position, so he lets his guard down. the film cuts to mark telling sylvia. he plans on negotiating with jon. he wants to give him one out of the five million that they stole. sylvia remarks that it's not smart to let him take part of the money. sylvia retorts that it's not smart to let jon take any of the money. mark expresses surprise, as just a few minutes ago she was ready to let john take half. she tells him, a few minutes ago she didn't know they were broke. it is clear at this point that sylvia is learning. well done. sylvia back in the living room. jon knocks out sean and takes his gun. mark and sylvia go to check up on them, but they're too late. jon binds all of them with zip ties. he instructs sean to follow him. he tells the others that they shouldn't worry. he's just going to lock him up. they leave the room, and he comes back alone a few minutes later. this time he tells mark to follow him. they go to mark's bedroom, and he instructs mark to open the safe. mark gives john the wrong combination, causing the safe to be hard locked for eight hours. frustrated, he knocks out mark and then takes him to the lakeside. he pushes mark into the lake with his hands tied. mark just manages to untie himself, narrowly avoiding a watery grave. but before mark can swim to the surface, he sees sean's body in the lake. jon asks mark again to open the safe, but mark tells him he can't, that they'll have to wait for eight hours. they go back to the house, and john locks mark up in the basement. john then asks sylvia about the timings and days when the maid and the gardener come. and she tells him. he believes her because he already knows their schedules. but unknown to him, the gardener said he'll come tomorrow instead of friday. later on, the gardener, carl, arrives early in the morning and hears mark's voice from the basement. mark tells him to go and free sylvia. john goes to the basement to get mark. when the eight hours have passed, they go upstairs to the safe. meanwhile, carl goes and unties sylvia and then leaves. jon gets the money from the safe and comes down and gets the other briefcase. he tells sylvia, mark and christina the story that they should tell the police. so as to avoid implicating themselves, he leaves and the police show up. everybody tells the police the same story. christina goes back home, and after the police leave, sylvia tells mark she's divorcing him. she packs up her stuff and leaves. john then arrives at a remote barn where he removes the money from the first briefcase and puts it into a bag. he opens the second briefcase and the money has been replaced by books. sylvia meets carl and collects the money he was able to make out with, and starts off on her own journey. this film is just overall fun to watch. it's great to rag on the characters, but their dynamics and careful planning, namely jon's strategy and intellect, really kept my interest. the double crosses are great, the action is just enough, and one could argue that it's really a triumphant coming-of-age story for sylvia. overall, this is just a great flick to toss on with a few friends, kick back and enjoy. technically, i guess it's a mystery thriller. but i seriously appreciate films like money for this reason. in particular. so now i'm asking you, what are some other films you can think of that are like money in this way? films that you like chilling and goofing on with friends, but that also keep your attention? let me know in the comments below, and of course, be sure to like the video if you dig the commentary, and subscribe to the channel to peep the latest recap. until next time, 