welcome back to movie on today, i'm going to explain the movie called hellbaby from 2013. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. and i hope you enjoy it. at the beginning of the movie, we see a haunted house. a couple named jack and vanessa were shifting in that house. we noticed that vanessa was a pregnant lady, and she can't walk on stairs, so jack took her inside the house. then we saw that an ugly old lady was watching them through the window, but they didn't notice it. at night, when they were unpacking their stuff and setting up their new home, jack finds a lamp. as he touched the lamp, he was shocked by it. then a guy appeared in the window. then he gets into the house. vanessa got so scared to see all of this and hid behind jack. when he talked to him, he found out that he was their neighbor. his name is fresno. he came here to check if they were safe or not, because everyone around that house thinks this building is haunted, but jack and vanessa didn't know about it. and then fresnel told them to stay alert, and they must call him if they need any help. then he left. the scene changed, and we saw two guys named sebastian and padrigo. they were working out. actually, they were the fathers in a church. and then we saw jack and vanessa. vanessa was taking a shower, and jack was brushing his teeth. when he first looked at the mirror, he saw that vanessa was there. but when he looked at it again, then he saw that there was the old lady who was watching them that day through the window. then jack had doubts about it and went to check, but there was no one in the bathroom. and then we saw vanessa was rubbing her finger with a sharp brush. and her fingers were covered in blood. but vanessa didn't care about the blood. instead, she was happy and laughing after this. and then she started to lick her own blood. and then we saw jack. he was trying to fix that lamp, but he failed to fix it. then vanessa gave him some iced tea and told him her sister will come tomorrow and she will do some rituals for the safety of this house. then jack takes a sip from the tea, but then he realized it was paint thinner and not tea. then vanessa said, maybe it was my mistake. she said sorry and left. jack was so worried about these strange behaviors in his wife. then he started to believe that this house is actually haunted. and then fresno came to their house and sat next to jack. jack was already so panicked, so he got scared after seeing him. then both of them discussed about all the things that were happening with jack and vanessa. then fresno left. after fresno left the house, jack went to another room, and he finds a box. jack got so scared after seeing the box, and went to his bed to sleep. when he was sleeping in his bed, something entered under his blanket, and it started to give him some pleasure. jack thought it was his wife, vanessa. but then he realized that it was not vanessa. it was the ugly old lady who was watching them that day through the window. then jack attacked the lady with a fire extinguisher in order to save his life. then the lady fell down on his bed. then vanessa came there after she heard this scream. then they realized that the lady was dead. and jack killed her. and to get rid of the police, they buried the dead body in their backyard. but then jack noticed that vanessa was talking to a dog in some strange language. the scene changed. the next morning, jack went to the doctor with his wife for her routine checkup. but they had to wait for the doctor because the doctor went outside to work out. but when the doctor came back, he said sorry to jack and vanessa for making them wait for him. then fresno called jack. he told him that two police officers are looking for you. then jack told him that send them back anyhow, i will tell you everything when i get back home. he was talking on the phone. then the doctor took his wife to the medical room for a checkup. after some time, jack saw that vanessa's checkup was done, and she was coming out while thanking the doctor. then vanessa told him, now we should go home. but jack said, wait. i need to talk to the doctor and thank him. jack was about to enter the medical room, but then his wife told him not to go inside. but when jack didn't listen to him, then she started crying. but when jack opened the door, we saw that vanessa killed the doctor so brutally and hanged him on the wall. then jack closed the door and took her home then the police came there and said, a lady wants to thank you, because you helped her to get her memory back. and it was the lady who jack buried last night. and then the lady hugged him and thanked him, and the police also left. jack and vanessa got back into the room, and they were celebrating the fact that everyone was okay. then those two police officers went to that doctor's clinic to investigate. then father sebastian and father padrigo came there. they saw the dead body and said, he was not killed by a human and we are getting a reading of supernatural energy. after some time, they went to a restaurant to eat. and they were talking about supernatural energy. on the other side, jack heard a dog barking from vanessa's room. then he came to her room and found out that it was his wife who was making the dog noise. the next morning, we saw that vanessa was eating raw meat in the kitchen. then jack came to her and asked her to go to the doctor about last night's incident. but vanessa said no and left. then the electricity went off. jack went to that room where he found the box to fix the electricity. and then fresno came there. and once again, jack got scared after seeing him. then they started talking to each other. jack asks him about the dog. fresnel told him it was a ghost dog. don't pay so much attention to it. fresno said this because he never found its poop. fresnel also told him about a book. it was the book he found in that box. and then they went to a restaurant and had lunch. after having lunch, jack came back to his house. when he entered the house, he heard something in the bathroom. he went to check, but it was vanessa's sister, marjorie. then marjorie, vanessa, jack and fresnel started a ritual. there was an electrician with them as well. he came here to fix the cables. while they were doing the ritual, everything inside the house started shaking. then they get out of the house, but everything was normal outside the house, which means the earthquake was happening only inside the house. then the electrician also left the house. after some time, when everything gets normal, then everyone went to fresnel's house. they were eating something, then the two police officers came there. they started investigating about the doctor because, according to them, he had his last appointment with jack and vanessa. they are here to investigate based on this information. but jack and vanessa told them they know nothing about it. then the police officers left. but the police kept an eye on them, and they told father padrigo and sebastian about it. then father rodrigo and sebastian told them, they searched the house of jack and vanessa. while they were in fresnel's house, they found that book and clicked some photos of the dog. and there was a lady on the cover of the book. and surprisingly, the lady looked exactly like vanessa. but then a crow fell on their car. the crow had a symbol on it. then they were confirmed that there was a negative energy in their house. that night, jack, marjorie and fresnel heard some noises from vanessa's room. they went to her room to check it, but vanessa was not there. they were searching for her, but then vanessa grabs jack's leg and dragged him under the bed. and she tried to eat him alive. but somehow jack saved himself. then they noticed that vanessa was levitating in the air, and she was laughing. they got so scared after seeing this, and left her room. then they called the police. after some time, the police came there along with those two fathers. father rodrigo and sebastian. controlled the negative energy in vanessa's body and tied her with a rope. vanessa was having pregnancy pain, which means she was going into labor. since there was no doctor there, her sister marjorie delivered the baby. jack and vanessa got so happy to see their baby. but then vanessa was having pain once again, and they heard the voice of a monster baby from her belly. marjorie tried to deliver the baby, but she got so scared after seeing the monster baby. but jack was feeling too bad for vanessa, so he went to deliver the monster baby. then jack delivered the monster baby. then he took him on his lap, but the baby attacked him. and then the baby hides somewhere. everyone was so scared. and then the baby attacked one of the police officers. and then his colleague shot the baby to kill it, but he missed his shot, and the other officer got shot and died. meanwhile, marjorie said to fresno, first take the baby outside of this house. but then the monster baby bites margaery, and she died as well. and then the monster baby attacked father rodrigo and killed him. jack saw all of this, and he attacked the monster baby with that lamp he found in his house at the beginning of the movie. and at last the monster baby died. the next morning, they were talking to each other outside the house. jack told vanessa about the book. then vanessa said her mom was a porn star. fresnel was so sad because of marjorie's death. then father sebastian told them to forget everything and start a new life. then vanessa named her baby sebastian fresno. then everyone got so emotional, and father sebastian left while talking to them. fresnel gets on the road and he steps on dog's poop, and they realized that it was a normal dog. but then a car hits him from the back, and the movie ends here. to watch more explanations of these kinds of movies, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's video in the comments down below. and at last, i will say, stay safe. stay well. thanks. 