the plastic surgeon, robert is growing an artificial skin that is resistant to burns and insects. robert grafted the results of the study onto a woman's skin. he burned her skin, she didn't feel any pain. he catches a mosquito to let it bite her, but the mosquito is afraid to bite. the doctor's experiment was successful. but the tormenting of the girl had only just begun. she was locked in a closed room. robert used skin-colored clothes to protect her skin. the tv has only three channels, and she has to practice yoga just to spend her time. to keep the woman's spirits in a steady state, robert added a sedative to her drinking water. even so vera always tries to escape, but fails every time. gradually, she became extremely depressed. all sharp objects can become weapons for her to hurt herself. from then on, her room no longer appeared any sharp objects. and robert was in the next room. he always watched her every action as if enjoying a work of art. he gazed at every line and detail of her face. eventually, he couldn't control himself, opening the door to the girl's room vera immediately asked him when she would be free. when she saw robert was about to leave, she used her sexy body to seduce him. as expected, this technique is very effective. robert struggled, but he still leaves the room. his mother is not satisfied with the things he does. she blamed her son. keeping her there would cause a lot of consequences. but robert refused to obey, and even fired all of the maids. he wanted to hide the girl. but unexpectedly, while robert was out, zika, marilya's least favorite child, committed a robbery. he appeared in a ridiculous outfit and begged his mother to let him stay there for a few days. zika is robert's half-brother. 10 years ago, he seduced robert's wife to go with him. as a result, they had a traffic accident. the wife suffered whole body burns, but the bastard was fine. this time, he noticed the woman locked in the basement, felt aroused. zika tied her mother to a chair and broke into the girl's room. when the doctor came home, seeing what happened, he angrily entered the room with a weapon and ends sika's life there. because of this incident, robert felt extremely guilty, so he let vera go out, but she has to obediently stay by his side. she was very pleased with her life right now, until she saw the piece of news on robert's desk. it is news about missing people. the man in the newspaper has a bright and friendly face. that man's smile touched the pain inside the girl's heart. no one would have expected that a beautiful woman like her, many years ago, was a man. that year, vincente met norma at a prom. he was influenced by alcohol and drugs, so he brought norma into the garden and forced her to do it. when she screamed, he slapped her so hard that knocked her unconscious. vincente panicked and took the bike to ran away. but the scene was caught by robert. norma's father, seeing his daughter being forced, he chased after vincente and deliberately caused an accident. when vincente regained consciousness, he found himself locked in a cave. his limbs were chained tightly. he felt extremely hopeless. at this time, a man throbbing so list his skin recovered and got better and better. robert checked the wound periodically and was very pleased with his attitude. but when he asked, robert, as things went further and further, he changed lots of vincente's body parts. after a long time, his body and voice were completely like a female. robert took off the protective layer from vincente's face and felt extremely happy. it was the face of robert's wife. because of that, robert changed his name to vera. from then on, robert locked her in a room. robert used to bring her expensive and beautiful dresses, but she tore everything. he also gave her a bunch of cosmetics, but she only took the eyeliner. she uses it to write diaries on the wall. this is the only proof that she is alive. she lived like that for six years. her writing densely covered the wall, until that day happened. she was able to regain her freedom. when she once again entered that room, sunlight was shining on the wall. it illuminates everything, even the smallest details, reminding her of the past. for six years, she has endured many kinds of humiliation. vera suppressed her emotions and carried out the fruits she smiled and happily and walked over to the man's bed. she pleaded deeply to be able to go out for a walk. robert was blinded by her beauty, agreeing without hesitation. at this point, his guard is down, completely ignoring the knife facing him. however, the mother is not that easy. she keeps a gun in her bag just in case vera dares to run away. vera was not a fool ether. she was pretending to be in love with robert to get his heart, but in fact, she still did not give up her intention to escape. that day, when she saw the newspaper, she found out that her family has not given up looking for her, thoughts of revenge flashed in her mind. she couldn't wait any longer. that night, when the two of them were huddled together, she used an excuse to go downstairs to get lubricating oil. but she snuck into the book room to get her weapon, then rushed to the room and aimed at robert's heart. the gunfire woke the mother up. she immediately went to the bedroom and find her son lying in a pool of blood. she was heartbroken, devastated. now a bullet burst out from under the bed the mother fell. vera hid under the bee just waited for her to appear. vera hurriedly left in the night. she successfully got her revenge. after so many humiliations over the past six years, finally she was able to return to her family, 