[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a gothic psychological horror film, a lighthouse. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. a little boat arrives at an isolated island in new england in gloomy weather. two sailors get off the boat and go to a shed where they are going to live for the next month. during lighthouse watching, the two do not talk much. the sailor, winslow, discovers a small mermaid sculpture and keeps it in his pocket. as the longtime lighthouse keeper, the old man thomas, toasts winslow at the dinner, but winslow does not accept the welcome toast because drinking is against the working regulations. to end the awkwardness with the only companion here, winslow drinks a cup of water instead of alcohol. as the water runs down his throat, winslow tastes a stinking smell like rotten fish. thomas laughs out loud and assigns the job of cistern checking to winslow. he also gives winslow all dirty and hard jobs to do. winslow responds with a hateful stare and suggests they should take turns to guard the lightroom at the top of the lighthouse. thomas rejects the proposal immediately and claims that only he enjoys the authority to watch the lightroom at night. winslow dreams about seeing a mermaid in the sea. and wakes up in the morning. after assigning winslow more jobs to do, thomas goes back to sleep. a seagull stops winslow's way when he is pushing a cart. winslow is irritated by the annoying sound made by the seagull, so he beats away the damn bird with a stone. right then winslow notices that thomas is watching him at the lighthouse. at dinner that night, winslow asked thomas what happened to his last partner. thomas says that his last partner has gone crazy and died. winslow doubts the answer he received. thomas warns winslow to stop hurting seagulls because it will bring bad luck. seeing winslow does not give a damn about his advice. thomas slaps him badly on his face. winslow stands up and backs off. shockingly, soon thomas realized he is being so emotional and asks for forgiveness. the next morning, thomas makes more trouble for winslow by commanding him to mop the floor. winslow refuses to do so because the floor is cleaned after he mopped it twice. thomas becomes indignant and the two begin to curse each other. thomas threatens to report winslow's bad behavior and cut down his payment. winslow shuts his mouth unwillingly. the two paint the lighthouse. the next morning, suddenly, the rope breaks and winslow falls to the ground from the air. when winslow wakes up, he realizes that thomas doesn't even blink after he falls. luckily, he's not injured badly, so he walks back to the shed by himself. as he walks in, he happens to see thomas write something on a log book. that night, the two start chatting again at supper. after being asked why he wanted to become a lighthouse keeper, winslow reveals that he was a timber jack who is tired of cutting trees. he comes to work on this remote island for higher payment, with a dream to build a house after he returns home town thomas mocks winslow's dream plan. winslow asks why he can't hit seagulls. thomas says he believes seagulls are reincarnated sailors. then he goes to watch the light room. when their chat finishes, curiosity about the lightroom keeps winslow awake that night. he climbs to the lightroom and notices some strange noise as well as some disgusting, sticky liquid coming through the carved floor. he keeps watching and is astonished to seize octopus tentacles slipping across the floor. the next morning, winslow goes to check the cistern due to the bloody taste in the water. there, he sees a dead seagull in the sister. while he is thinking about how to get the dead bird out, another one-eyed seagull lands in front of him and starts chirping at him. winslow burst into a rage and grabs the bird by its neck, then brutally bangs it on the cistern as hard as he can. he looks around to make sure thomas does not see him killing the seagull. momentarily, the wind changes directions drastically. according to the wind indicator. thomas notices the change of wind and warns winslow they must prepare for the coming storm. he also says that a transportation ship will stop by and pick them up to the mainland within two days. knowing this goddamned work is about to finish, winslow feels energetic temporarily and works extra hard with excitement. the two spend the night getting drunk and eating fresh lobsters to celebrate before their departure. thomas mentions that he was married before, his wife was involved with some incident that crippled him, before she became a nun. winslow asks again if he can go up to the lightroom before leaving. thomas responds in great wrath that the lightroom belongs to him only. they stop the argument right before it turns into another fight. when winslow empties the chamber pots. the next morning, the wind blows all the right onto his face, right onto his face. later, on the way to getting coal, he encounters an unconscious mermaid washed up on the shore who looks just like the one he dreamed of before. he is so aroused by her and can't help feeling her body with filthy mind spreading through his hand. as his fingers slip down her body, he sees her scales and even hormone fins. soon the mermaid wakes up and howls at him. winslow flees back to the shed and tells nothing to thomas. they pack up and wait a whole night for the ship. however, that ship doesn't show up due to the raging storm. now the food left won't last the two for long. pair unearth a crate at the lighthouse's base, which contains bottles of wine. after getting drunk, the two blame each other for not being able to leave the island. winslow says thomas's cooking tastes like smelly feeling deeply offended, thomas casts winslow with an evil curse, saying the aquaman will split winslow with a trident and toss his body into the sea. frightened by such a horrible curse, winslow apologizes and admits that thomas is a fine cook. one night, when thomas is sleeping, winslow steals the wrong key, and thus fails to unlock the hatch to the lightroom. then he goes to check thomas's logbook, which is carried by thomas, together with a lightroom key. even when he sleeps, thomas wakes up before winslow tries to stab him, and warns winslow, don't even think about being lazy when he's not watching. paralyzed by alcohol, winslow starts to have illusions, such as seeing a cart of water as coal and finding the one-eyed head of thomas's previous partner in a lobster trap. he believes thomas plans this for him. the two drink most of the wine. the strange atmosphere starts to alternate between moments of intimacy and hostility. for one second they almost kiss each other, but the next second they beat each other. at last, they both are too tired to keep their feet on the ground. winslow reveals a secret that when he was a timber jack, he purposefully watched his foreman drowning in a river. because he was always humiliated by his foreman. he refuses to rescue the foreman. he uses the foreman's name winslow, after the foreman's death, to conceal his real name, thomas, which surprisingly happens to be the same as the old man's name. winslow looks around and cannot find thomas in the room. he goes out of the shed to look for thomas, but finds a person who looks exactly like himself. he turns around and sees thomas's eyes, beams light into his eyes. scared by these unexplainable things, winslow rushes to a dory and wants to leave the island as fast as possible. thomas shows up and wrecks the dory with an axe. he then chases winslow into the shed. back in the shed, winslow blames thomas for his evil plan. first thomas kills the old partner, then he messes up winslow's mind with a mermaid sculpture. thomas argues back that winslow has lost his mind completely, because winslow keeps saying that he has been on this island for two days, but the truth is five weeks have passed. and also, the evil plan is made up by winslow. after the wine runs out, the two soaked their spirits and alcohol made by themselves, another storm comes and floods the shed. winslow finds thomas's logbook, in which thomas has criticized winslow as drunk and incompetent, and thus recommended he be sacked without any pay. winslow pushes his rage down and begs thomas to take him to see the lightroom. thomas refuses to do so and blames him for changing the wind direction, which brings the storm that blows their chance to leave the island. winslow can't hold his anger and hits thomas while he's hallucinating. thomas changes into aquaman with tentacles and the mermaid. thomas could not move after being beaten up, and is led to a ditch like a dog where winslow is going to bury thomas alive. winslow grabs the lightroom key from thomas's neck, leaving his head above the dirt. thomas returns to his consciousness and frees himself. then he strikes winslow with the axe, but gets killed, badly injured. winslow finally arrives at the lightroom and sees the inside of the lantern. unfortunately, he slips and falls down the lighthouse steps. sometime later, the almost dying winslow lies naked in the open air with one damaged eye and his bowels packed by many seagulls. the film shows some clues that the sailor winslow and thomas may be the same person, who has suffered severe hallucinations due to the long-term isolation in the small island. being a man who's hormone thirsty, he keeps the mermaid sculpture and hallucinates a naked mermaid as his sole companion. besides that, he even hallucinates a more sober co-worker named exactly thomas wake, trying to guide himself out of the insanity he was swallowed in and keep himself sober on his way to fighting for authorities to reach the top of the lighthouse for the hidden secrets and truth he dares not to face. this well explains that winslow can't get any help from thomas after falling to the ground when the two were painting the lighthouse. the only companionship he could find on the desperate island are the seagulls, which are therefore treated as the divine creature by the sober self the old thomas, while they are treated badly by the hallucinating self of winslow. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 