listen, I thought Popeyes and chick-fil-a were cutthroat last year, but the streaming wars are about to pop off in 2020. so with all the new streaming sites popping up, we figured we'd give our first thoughts and the services as they start rolling out. because, as we covered in our previous video, competition is already getting steep with streaming. just ask Walmart. so all the new ones that start rolling out and all the old ones that we've had, as they start changing, we want to make videos covering all of them, kind of like a, I don't know, series comparing the state of streaming throughout the year, just to see was the best stuff, you know, just to see what works the best for you and our own personal recommendations. starting off with these two. let me explain. so when these two both launched in November of 2019, it felt like people just dismiss the Apple TV one faster and the iCloud notification pretty much. Disney Plus won the battle easily for going out first month stats. but let me break it down by these three. for Disney, all the rated our stuff is going on Hulu, which Disney also snatched controller since Disney Plus is supposed to be family-oriented entertainments. I do prefer both of them going weekly with their shows, as opposed to dumping them all. because I feel this whole binge model causes a lot of series to just come and go. you don't get to tune in weekly and let it live for months. but obviously there's benefits to both. weekly though, keeps the conversation going, and I personally like that experience better. that's that Disney ones, the constant went as well. in terms of originals, I know people who have the service just for the mandalorian. as much as I hate it being exploited, memes really are becoming the new way for movies to pop off. they just look at Netflix and what they did with Bird box. at one point it was literally our most viewed video because people wanted to see what all the memes were about. so while the expiration date for a mean used to last until it was Ellen, it's been, it's been dwindling ever since. and now it's kind of like, by the time you see Netflix hire a team to tweet it out, the memes moldy. but in terms of the mandalorian, it's pretty good, better than the movie some would say I'll be making a whole video on it. but I do like the atmosphere of it, and I'm curious to see which director is. they get to expand on this world through the eyes of a bounty hunter for future seasons. plus, the music is incredible. Elina had noted Creed influences, and I look it up, it's a Ludwig, of course, High School Musical. the musical the series. I think it's a hilarious concept and title. and so far it's decent. I actually pretty like it, and I'll be doing a whole video on as soon as I finish it. while a lot of the other family friendly entertainment wasn't up my alley, I think it's cool that they're leaving Hidden Mickeys like they do in their animations and theme parks. I also personally like Marvel's hero project. and I love the honesty of it. what's the look people get you? it's definitely like, just a quick but when I catch them, they're like, especially when you feel that excitement at the end, and it's mad heartfelt. the Imagineering story, I personally found fascinating. as a documentary series, I don't expect it to tell the truth, truth about Disney. you know, I don't even pretty much admit that through Disneyland, that's how they were able to snatch the funding to buy ABC. most know that wall always smoked, and so they Photoshop the cigarettes out of all of the photographs, but still kept his fingers in the same position. and we honor the frozen theory. but in terms of the Imagineers history, I appreciate all of the behind the scenes footage that's been cleaned up and looks gorgeous, a beautiful time capsule of the people who made Disneyland possible, and how opening day went so terribly. it was so miserably hot that day that the high heels we're going into the cements. there are a bunch of other shows on there that went up my alley. there's stuff like Jeff Goldblum going sneaker shopping for some reason. but expect a lot more of these live-action, straight to streaming now adaptations. because if there's one thing Disney Plus is banking on, it's one of the big reasons Disney bought Fox. well, so they could hide their movies and keep it only on their streaming services, maybe. but really, it gives them a massive collection to display to their subscribers, which they own, unlike Netflix, which is always losing stuff. so I'm launched in total, Disney Plus had around a thousand shows and change 500 movies, while Apple had eight shows, two films. it's been three months, here are the new numbers for Apple. they got people paying five dollars a month for the morning show episodes. they don't even know. Disney, however, had a three-hour trailer that they dropped for their service launch, almost as long as the irishman. but of course, all of this can disappear at any minute. and it sucks that you pay for something that can be altered at any time, even though your price isn't getting altered month by month. that said, when it comes to the Disney originals, they have a bunch of categories, and boy, is it a trip down memory lane. what is the vaults? which I guess it's now digital, so it can be unlocked. a lot of Fox stuff is on there, like the og x-men cartoon. they got penny proud now Lizzie, so weird. still no famous Joe Jackson. and then we entered the Disney Channel original movie section, and it was over, they divided it into the golden era. the silver is pretty much they add xenon and all her sequels from the 21st century. luck of the Irish the other meet. but this right here is what I thought it was like to eat pizza. this is delicious. it's only frozen pizzas. no. I mean, I've never tasted anything so unbelievably delicious. [Music], it was a piece of rocks the 90s. man, this kid is kidding. even press the button to play. in terms of Apple TV, I like that they've made a lot of the pilots too. they're originals, available for free. and in terms of the series, they seem to be going weekly. again, I prefer that, but I really like the idea premiering a show with its first three episodes, because, not only is it a much more pleasant binge, but the saying always goes that after three episodes, that's more than enough to know if you're into the show or not. and now I know the morning show, which is pitched as like a network. during me to movement, I got nominated for Golden Globes before it even finished. there's also the Jason Momoa show, see, where everyone's blind Dickason, which is decent. but I was waiting to make this video on one certain show by M night Shyamalan called servant. and even though it's in the midst of a lawsuit, I think it's pretty good. not enough to push you to pay for the service yet, cuz, you know, there's only a couple of episodes. so I would say stack up a couple of episodes and once it's wrapped up, start your free trial. but the bigger problem that comes into play though, is how they're curating content. Apple also reported that their selections are meant to be tailored to Tim Cook's likings, which, if that's not the stupidest thing I've ever they had even made a dr. Dre TV series that got dumped for get this, showing gun violence, cocaine and orgies, not because of dr. dre is this or anything. and the worst part is, I think they finished filming it too. but that's the thing with these services, they're already altering finished products. so what do you think they're gonna do with the stuff that they're giving money to? they're gonna practically direct it. that's where Netflix and HBO, who do get a lot of crap for making TV shows that are, you know, a little out there and movies and stuff. at least they have the balls to not overly censor projects just for the sake of money or hypocrisy. like Apple TV even denied a series for being to me too, cuz that's a sensitive subject. now, which, if that doesn't show you exactly why I don't care about the morning show, I don't know what else will. in terms of the interface, I kind of think it's a tie, but that's more so because of a technicality. see, a lot of people, on the first couple of weeks, we're complaining about the glitches of Disney Plus add and Disney Plus, you know, being the biggest company that we have right now, had people working twenty-four hours at movie theaters for the endgame screenings. yeah, they were like, we had no idea this was gonna fit the [ __ ] both keep having their dolby atmos and 4k glitch on and off, which is weird, because my price doesn't go down if that's what changes. but I do like the special features that appear with a lot of the movies when it comes to Disney. Plus, Netflix is starting to make a lot of these as well, but I don't get why I have to go to youtube to watch those when y'all have a tab and stop calling it collections. collections are for franchises, which will never have the rights long enough. I also love the recommendations page that Disney Plus has because, again, like I said, they have a catalog, and like everything is here. if you watch something, it's gonna give you not only the spin on, it's gonna give you everything that's coming in that franchise, because the recommendations are gonna lead you to that nostalgia. in terms of Apple TV, I like it. it's sleek, but it's also confusing. like I'm not saying it's difficult, it's just always changing. apples going through a major app rebranding where the iTunes Store is now gone, and it's all music, even though some songs still need to be purchased. Apple TV is the name of the box you buy at the store that's set. Apple TV is also the app inside the Apple TV that allows you to play the Apple TV originals. but it's not all accessible on Apple TV. for example, my iPad, I can go on the Apple TV app and it kind of becomes like a hub, a box that connects all of my subscription services. so if I want to watch Hulu, cuz I already have that app, and, you know, my whole account going in HBO and Netflix, that the the Apple app just boots those up, you know, is not charging me anything extra. it's a perfect place to have all of my shows and movies in one spot. but on the Apple TV app, on the Apple TV from my TV, that ain't the case. there. they're pulling what a lot of other streaming services do in order to get add-ons. and Apple has been very upfront about this. I'm not saying that it's scummy, but they're definitely riding on getting as many recurring monthly payments from you as possible. pretty much, they want you to add an extension for HBO or Showtime, but through them. and you know, prime does this. Hulu does this. like I said, I like the idea of having everything in one place. but considering that you already showed me you could do that for free in an app, just do that. you can download any of the Apple TV plus originals and 4k dolby atmos. you know, sometimes, and i also say sometimes, because I'm pretty sure they're gonna charge you extra to get those options. but ITU's dissolved into appletv, the app. that means that you can click on any director, and I really do like this. you can click on any director, crew or cast, and it'll take you to their work and even guest appearances. it's pretty dope. but again, we're judging it as a streaming service of just paying the $4.99. so while it's convenient to have other titles available for purchase, it's also annoying seeing recommendations when they're really just pushing you to get add-ons. so those aren't really new recommendations. those are ads to spend another $12.99 a month overall. as of the beginning of 2020. I can't recommend you give an Apple TV $5. I don't like I can't even recommend it. like, it's not the hit that Disney's better. I can't recommend Apple TV, at least right now. there needs to be a lot more for a service that wants to add another $4.99 to your monthly streaming service budget, especially when half of the things on the app cost another $14.99. anyways, maybe that'll change when I cover them again next year, since they do have a ton of projects with names I'm really looking forward to seeing. but also Apple and just movies in general, know that distribution can be a pain. unlike Disney, they don't get the big catalogue to back them up. they don't like Disney there Apple. and just like with Apple music, which is hosting their own shows and awards at their own Steve Jobs theater, located in their own Apple Studios lot, I'm almost starting to feel like a lot of these services are just tax write-offs, whether they make money, you know, they don't. companies like Apple have other things to sell, just like Sony, who makes tech, and Amazon, which we all know, really you're it's an add-on for your two days shipping. so considering that the main and sometimes only place to watch Apple TV is on your Apple products, it literally just feels like another selling point just to sell you an iPhone, that's literally in there. a problem. in terms of Disney, it's got the goods. I don't know what else to tell you. it is a massive company, so there is a lot of scummy things that they do, and we're always here to report those as well. there's even a lot of reboots, I'm not looking forward to, ma'am. but in terms of Disney Plus, and they're streaming catalog, it can't be beat Mandalorians are here. there's just so much stuff on there to catch up on. it's relevant, it's trendy. I don't see how their new stuff, also there's going to fail, considering their branding. but that said, tigey's comments, as I brought up previously, that the shows now have to be watched in order to follow the Marvel movies, like comic events, where they expect you to make up every issue, even though you literally forget half of them. they stopped all of their great Netflix shows in order to Disney plus all of their movie stars. so we'll see how that goes. it's not that it can't be good, but the objective then becomes marketing and continuity, which I feel starts limiting artists from creating their individual stories. I could be wrong. I could maybe it will be a giant sandbox for filmmakers to play in. and as they hire more and more independent directors, I'm hoping that their voices are still able to shine through the product, or be able to get an and-one when it comes to getting the funds for their dream project. because as of right now, Disney Plus may be better than Apple service, but that's ironic, because they're using apples way of tying you into an ecosystem just to Disney, that's franchises. their objective for most of the new stuff is either to see how much of it can be tied into nostalgia, and whatever can't, then let's see if they can become and nostalgia is one hell of a drug to be addicted on. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. what are your favorites, new and old? what do you wanna see big ellamy, are a couple of smaller enemies on? because I know we do want to work on a couple of I'm really excited for that. and I do think it's funny, cuz, you know, when you watch a Sony movie and they all act like, because they all have Sony phones in the Sony movie, like, you know, the teenagers, we're all pretending that they live in an alternate dimension where everyone uses experience. when I level can do that and have everyone have iPhones, and it actually makes sense. but, yeah, it's kind of crazy. you know, this is it. it's monumentally, I don't know if you remember where you were when Netflix launched, or when you first logged in, but this is they, I can't say day one, but this is like the first year. we're getting all of these massive services where we're now gonna have to be dealing with streaming, okay, like cables done. like remember when we searched up DVDs to blu-rays to for case? this new streaming thing is insane. and being a blockbuster baby, that's what I grew up with, you know, someone who literally would not be doing this channel without all of those visits, the video stored, all the recommendations I got, coming out looking like Matilda. I'm realizing that these services are going to be that for so many more people who didn't have a blockbuster near them. so I'm excited for that. but as always, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and buy your favorite media, because studios will change it and take it away from you. 