hey guys, welcome back to flicks recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we're talking about the lusty head game that is my teacher, my obsession. before we start, be sure to like the video, share it and subscribe to the channel. if you dig the commentary. let's hit it. riley sumner, a high school student, and her dad, chris sumner, a high school english teacher, have just moved to a new town, and this is their first day at their new school. kyla, who is also a student at the school, likes to take pictures, and she's snapping some candid photos for the school yearbook when her eyes fall on the new english teacher. kyla and chris have a perfectly normal student-teacher moment in class, but kyla seems to have developed a little crush on him. when she catches him waving at riley after class, she decides to find out how they know each other. kyla finds riley in the computer lab, and the two bond over art. kyla finds out that riley is chris's daughter, and immediately asks if she could come over to her place to study english over the semester. so it's the first day of the semester, and kyla is already pretty obsessed with chris. she even stealthily takes his picture in the parking lot. here's the first red flag. but later that afternoon, kyla finds out that her mother, jess, has a date with a guy she met at the grocery store. as jess gets ready to go on her date, kyla can't stop fantasizing about chris. meanwhile, trisha, another girl in chris's class, also has a crush on chris and starts flirting with him, much to kyla's chagrin. now trisha finds out that chris is riley's dad, and so she also tries to get close to riley. she advises riley against hanging out with kyla, and also invites her to go shopping with her. but kyla sees all of this and is mad at riley for talking to trisha. in fact, she advises riley against hanging out with trisha because trisha is too obsessed with chris. and trisha has apparently had a similar obsessive history with, well, a history teacher at school who was then fired. as you can tell, there's already a lot of confusing dynamics between all these different players. it's almost hard to keep track of that evening, kyla calls riley to find out her birthday, and their conversation soon digresses to chris. kyla reveals that she's actually 18, and casually asks riley if chris had students crushing on him all the time. riley assures her that it doesn't matter if students have a crush on chris, because he has a high moral ground and is apparently already seeing someone he met at the grocery store. at this point, kylo realizes that her mom is actually seeing riley's dad, and coincidentally, chris shows up to kyla's place that very moment to pick up jess for the date. jess hadn't realized kylo was in chris's class. she asks kyla if her dating her english teacher would be too hard for her to handle. but kyla doesn't have a problem. however, as chris and jess are about to leave for their date, kyla accidentally spills some water on chris. now, chris doesn't really have a backup shirt. apparently, in 2018, this was not a common technique to prepare with. so kyla suggests that they should just have their date at home and she could help them cook dinner. as they have dinner, kyla texts riley, telling her how it was so weird that their parents were randomly dating each other at the same time. kyla also tries her best to keep chris and jess from getting intimate with each other. as chris and jess are kissing, kyla screams from her room. she comes running downstairs and says that there was someone outside her window watching her as she was changing. chris goes outside to check, but there's no one there, obviously. kyla says she'd feel safer if she stayed with jess and chris for the rest of the night, effectively making it impossible for them to take things to the next level. meanwhile, chris tells kyla that riley is out with tricia for the night, so he can stay at their place. the next morning, chris offers to drive kyla to school with riley. when riley goes looking for kyla in the school's dark room, kyla is furious at her for having gone out with trisha when she explicitly told her not to. she says that the only reason trisha is hanging out with her is to get closer to her dad. but riley says that trisha told her about how kyla was the one who would become obsessed with the history teacher, and not trisha. this makes kyla so mad that she threatens tricia and warns her to stay away from riley. that evening, kyla takes some provocative selfies, seemingly prints them out and stuffs a bunch of those printouts in her own school locker. the next morning, she pretends to be humiliated and uses it as an opportunity to talk to chris. this girl has balls. meanwhile, riley and kyla make up and apologize to each other. kyla confesses that it was indeed she who got involved with the history teacher the previous year. but she also lies that she had taken those provocative selfies for that history teacher, and that trisha must have caught hold of those pictures and made them public. that's what i'm talking about, the balls on this girl. that night, chris goes to kyla's place since he has another date with her mom. while he's in the bathroom, kyla picks up his phone, which is receiving several sexually charged texts, apparently from trisha. she tells her mom about this, who then confronts chris and breaks up with him, while kyla sits back and enjoys. later, as a devastated and confused chris sits out in his car, kyla steps out of her house and comes by out of the blue. she starts getting pretty handsy with him, and chris is clearly uncomfortable. she climbs on top of him and starts kissing him. and even as chris asks her to stop, it's clear to us that he wants to give in to the temptation. later it's revealed to us that kyla was sending all those messages pretending to be trisha. and kyla takes it a step further. the next day at school, administrators expel trisha because they found a broken phone with kyla's pictures in trish's locker. that night, riley is having her 18th birthday party. kyla gives riley her gift, but she's more interested, obviously, in looking for chris. she enters chris's room without him knowing, and starts massaging him. chris isn't in a good mood, but kyla offers to make him happy. chris knows exactly what she means, but he seems to have two minds about it. he can't get intimate with her, but he really wants to. ultimately, he does end up keeping her company. unfortunately for him, though, riley walks in and catches both him and kyla in the act. shocked, riley runs out, and chris follows her, and they get into an argument in front of all their guests. riley leaves the party, and chris goes looking for her. he's unable to find her that night, and only sees her at school the next morning, but she's too angry to talk with him. she did, however, contact jess about kyla's inappropriate relationship with chris. and when she finds out, jess shows up at the school, slaps chris a bunch of times and promptly takes kylo with her. she also now believes that kyla had made up lies about trisha. meanwhile, chris apologizes to riley and she forgives him. now, kyla calls trisha, asking her to meet her, and then provokes her to hit her. when trisha resists and doesn't hit her, kyla starts hitting herself and intentionally breaks her fingers like an absolute psychopath. chris and riley, who happen to have just arrived in their car, hear kyla groaning and get out to help her. kyla lies to chris that trisha broke her fingers, so riley calls 9-1-1 and the police take trisha away. seeing kyla at the hospital, jess is now convinced that she wasn't lying about trisha after all. meanwhile, riley confronts kyla in the hospital to let her know that she's still mad at her and that chris will never see her again. but kyla still tries to get riley to cover for her as the camera person for the girls volleyball match in her stead. reluctantly, for the sake of the team, riley agrees. kyla also requests riley to allow her one last chance to say goodbye to chris. but when chris comes in to talk to her, kyla says that now that jess and riley think that she's no longer seeing chris, there will be no family interference in their relationship. chris, at this point, shocked by kyla's obsession, tries to make her understand that he doesn't share those feelings for her, not even close. he even says that he's going to clean out his desk that night and quit his job so kylo would leave them alone. chris reaches the school and calls riley to ask her to help him clean out his classroom. but as riley starts walking towards her dad's classroom, someone turns off the lights. turns out kyla ran away from the hospital. she confronts riley and stabs her with a surgical knife. then she goes to chris's classroom, threatens to slash his throat and tries to get intimate with him while holding the knife to his throat. when chris realizes that kyla has harmed riley, he pushes her off himself to go and look for her. but kyla tries to stop him and accidentally makes him trip and hit his head. she drags away chris's unconscious body and shrieks. the night janitor finds her after he hears the scream, seeing her distressed, he leaves to get some help, but kyla follows him. meanwhile, riley, who is still alive, comes running to the janitor with bloodied hands and asks him to run, but it's too late. as if she were playing among us in real life, kyla slashes the janitor's throat. she then runs after riley, but riley ultimately hits her and manages to take control. by this time, chris has regained consciousness, and riley and kyla are both taken to a hospital. months later, chris and riley have moved to a new place, and chris is ready to take up a new teaching job, while riley is excited about her first day of college. but as riley is driving off to college, we see a hooded figure, who we can assume to be kyla, emerged from hiding, meaning that she's still obsessively following chris. part of why i dig this movie is that, except for the end, it's not super grotesque, yet still incredibly suspenseful and pretty shocking. my teacher, my obsession throws a lot of head games at its viewers with deception, faulty communication, he said, she said, finger-pointing and unexpected social twists within the game of lust. ironically, it seems very much like it could be a modern adaptation of a shakespeare work. and let's face it, for a handsome looking dude that goes on to be an english teacher at a high school. this drama is probably as good as it's gonna get. what do you think? what stuck out most to you? let me know in the comments, and of course, be sure to like the video and subscribe to catch the next recap. until next time, 