well, hello over and welcome to Game of Thrones season 3. crabbed. this is the one where all of the actors have gone through puberty. so I hope you've caught up with seasons 1 &amp; 2. let's go. samwell, tarly has escaped the fist of the first men to the sounds of undead slaughter. White's attack from the Blizzard. but Mormont is organized to retreat back to the wall further north. John reaches for vast wildling army and gets his first sight of a giant black snot a popular color to be wearing around here, but John presents himself to this likely warrior. however, this is for king-beyond-the-wall mance rayder. they test John's intent, but for now he's in Cersei pops in on Tyrion to make sure he doesn't plan on telling daddy she tried to have him killed in a battle. and Podrick the squire interrupts Braun's private time to have him almost frodan with Circe's gold cloaks, before doubling his bodyguard fee. he's a knight now. Tywin gives Tyrion a hard time for the company he keeps. but the son is angry at getting no recognition from the father. Lord Tywin admit he did well in for defense, but hates Tyrion for tears and will never let him inherit. 4 Lannister, home. Santa is trying to forget the life that she's stuck in by chilling out with Shae. and Littlefinger offers promise of a real opportunity to leave with him, but his own right-hand [ __ ] warns shade to watch out for her with him. the soon-to-be Queen Margaery puts on a great show visiting the orphans of King's Landing and winning over the people, something that Joffrey doesn't enjoy, and it says he despises. so roll on. awkward dinner. sir Davos lives washed up on a jut of rock at sea and rescued by the men of Salladhor saan. it seems Melisandre has been burning more men alive since for retreat. and having lost his own son to fire, Davos plans to kill her in order to stop the corruption of his King. he faces from both on Dragonstone, but she has the Kings ear and The Onion Knight is imprisoned. Robb marches on Harrenhal with Roose Bolton, and it doesn't look like the mountain is fair to defend it. instead, all of the northern prisoners have been slaughtered and left to rot, including those close to all of the lords. but one man called Qyburn yet lives. danny's on a ship to a stupor in need of an army. her dragons are growing. four Dothraki, a seasick and Sidora friendzone thinks for buying unsullied, elite soldier slaves might be a way to go under the harpy er for city. she's invited to view the most elite ly and horribly trained soldiers. but money can buy totally obedient and without self-worth. this is a slave culture where humans are commodities, and it leaves a sour taste in Danny's mouth. I let deport. however, a child assassin of a warlocks almost has her killed by a Manticore sting. but she's saved by none other than Sir Barristan Selmy, who swears himself to her service. brand dreams of family in a free eyed Raven, and then of another boy he's not yet met. they're still a long way from the wall. Lord Bolton brings some bad news for Robin. Catelyn, her father has died at Riverrun. and Bolton's son that was sent to clear Winterfell reports bran and Rickon missing with feel and the Ironborn gone. Lord Karstark calls things as they are and thinks for the funeral at Riverrun is a waste of time. they've lost for frey army since Rob broke his oath to them and married to Lisa, who is at least connecting with Catelyn in her grief. in reality, Theon doesn't know where he is, but it's nowhere good. he's being tortured somewhere by various means. but this servant says he's been sent by his sister to help him escape. later, Brienne is still walking Jaime self, and after some lip about Renly, has a moment's insightfulness about we don't get to choose who we love. but on a bridge, he slips one of her swords with the intent to kill and escape. Brienne is a patient fighter, however, and Jaime's out-of-shape problem is they've called attention to themselves, and they're both captured by lock, one of Bolton's more unsavory hunters. Cersei is back with some good advice for Joffrey, advising him to watch Margaery closely, lest she win over four people away from him. but the king doesn't listen to anyone. Shay's getting protective over Sansa, and so Loras takes her for a visit to see Marjorie and her grandmother, olena of house Tyrell. this lady is no fool in his shop as a witch, and wants to know what kind of boy her granddaughter is marrying. poor Sansa admits he's a monster. but marjorie is committed to being queen, so she also pretends that she's sort of into killing stuff. and Joffrey likes it. manse tells John he's United all of the seven different cultures and people's that make up the wildlings because he knows they'll all die unless they get south, away from the others. Jon meets his first walk a rel who can enter the minds of animals and act as a scout. and he reports that the fist of the first men is littered with dead crows votes retreating survivors are giving Sam a hard time for not sending out for Ravens, but Jon trained some of them to be better men. and in the woods, bran meets a boy of his dreams. OSHA doesn't want any guests, but he's not alone. Jojen Reed and his sister Meera have been searching for bran, and some his direwolf seems to give him the thumbs up in this new fellowship. Jojen knows that bran is a walk and has visions himself. while his fighting sister is kind, where OSHA is tough. Arya's group run into forests of mirror. and a brother part of a force fit net sent out in season one to hunt down a mountain before the [ __ ] got real. they've now devolved into a band of merry men. and after some banter, fair about to let Aria go. but they've also caught the hound, who lets on. but she's a stark Catalans father is sent to rest on the river Trident, and we meet the Tully's, her brother, Ed Muir, not bad, but not the best, and now Lord of Riverrun. and her cunning, an independent uncle, Brendan, the blackfish. ed Muir has caught some distant Lannister related hostages. but it's actually fouled up some of Rob's war plans. meanwhile, Catalan mourns and Brendan is four rock. Tywin power plays for small Council, but Tyrion doesn't play along, and Littlefinger is to go and woo Catelyn sister Lysa to bring the forces of a Vale to their side. so Tyrians, now master of coin, he picks up the ledgers from the brothel and gives Podrick some lady time as a thank-you for saving his life, but discovers four crown is in huge debt to the iron bank of Braavos. Jaime warns Brienne verlox group are likely to rape her for a bad bunch. and despite fighting her himself, he does invite her not to get killed that night. as she resists, Jaime lies about the Sapphire Isles Brienne is from, claiming her father is loaded and that she's worth four high ransom if she's alive. Locke buys her story, and she remains unmolested for now. but this is for wrong crowd to play with, and he cuts off Jaime's sword hand out of sheer cruelty. for wildling army, discover four spiral scenes of gore left by the assault of the others. only horses remained because the other dead men have risen again. as White's this blow against the Nights Watch is also an opportunity, so a man sends tormund and John to climb for war with a small force and attack Castle black from the rear, in part to test his true colors. Commander Mormont and the defeated make it back to Craster's keep. it's a frosty reception, but he still lets him in. Gilly is next door giving birth with some of her daughter wives. and Sam pops in for a visit to discover she's given birth to a boy over a nasty poor Sir Jorah argues for an unsullied army, they all have their junk cut off, and therefore wouldn't be an army of rapists. he's a bit jealous of Cerberus dooms presence, who wants them to leave the slave culture. as they walk under forecast of a giant harpy, she agrees to sell one of her dragons to them in return for every single unsullied soldier they have. and she takes mistranslate to slave girl - this guy helps film to escape from his torture on a horse, but Theon has no idea where he is, and he's soon hunted down for sport, beaten, and they're nearly raped before saved again by the same guy. we turns out to be quite future on the road. he leads fee on to what should be his sister, Yara and some loyal men. out of sheer relief. Greyjoy laments his actions and admits that he didn't really kill the stark boys who had never found but it's all a cruel joke. he's been led back to the torture chamber they started in and tied back to the cross for some more. Jaime is a broken man who's forced to have his rotting hand hung around his neck, made to drink horse piss and beaten. Brienne tries to keep him going. however, she knows that he lied to stop it getting raped, but doesn't understand why. Varys tells Tyrion about how he was sold as a child to a warlock and had his privates root and stem cut off. the dark magic part of why he despises Stannis and his red witch instead, of dying various grew to become a thief, and then better, someone who stole information instead. and now this mumps lootcrate theme is warlocks from your past. at Craster's keep the remaining men afore watcher, cold and hungry. and an unusually high percentage of the survivors are scumbags. they turn on each other and kill both Craster and Commander Mormont. it's brother V brother. and Sam escapes with Gilly from the baby Hut, but Brotherhood of out banners take Arya, Gendry and for hound to their secret hideouts, where they're led by beric Dondarrion, who is reborn and follows the same red goddess Melisandre, in order to aid four people. the hound is accused for various crimes and is going to face Don Dorian in trial by combat. Margery and Joffrey are getting along over the wedding preparations, and she manages to give him a taste of being loved by the people for once, sir. she doesn't like the influence that she's having on him and wishes that she was in charge. she checks on Tywin to see what he's doing to find her brother. Jaime. and it looks like he's busy writing a lot of letters. but to who? Dany trades a priceless dragon for all of the unsullied warriors in Astapor. turns out that she's been betting on their unflinching nature of following orders all along. because once they're hers, she has been killed. Oliver wise masters and drogon burns verse later, Lord, she's freed four slaves of the city and leaves with an army at her side. beric Dondarrion faces the Hound with a flaming sword in his trial. it's a desperate mess, but the Lord of Light sees fit for the Hound to win. yet despite this, barrack remains undead thanks to the red god, and continues to lead for brotherhood was for hound is released. Gendry decides he likes fist lot, so he's going to stay in Smith for him, which breaks arias heart. but she's going to be ransomed back to the Starks for some gold, so they're kind of on the same page. for wildling raiding party, test John's knowledge of a watch for their attack. but you get backs his play, and he breaks his no sex vows with her in a cave on the way to the wall. Locke takes Jamie to Harrenhal for Lord Bolton, who's not impressed at the mistreatment of hasta jizz. and that guy Kai burned they found earlier, turns out to be a maester who is stripped of his chain for performing questionable research. but he manages to save the rest of Jamie's arm at Riverrun. Lord Karstark is so eager for revenge he kills those two Lannister boys for Robb had his hostage. Rob's lost a lot of respect for losing Winterfell and for his mother releasing Jamie. so now he's forced to execute Karstark, as his father would have and lose yet another huge part of his army. so now he needs to make amends with a phrase and apologize for not marrying one of warders daughters. Stannis finally visits his actual wife. she's mental and has put their stillborn babies in jars, but totally pro Melisandre, even if he bangs her. he also has a daughter with greyscale, who's kind of shunted to sweet child, nonetheless. so this princess Shireen goes to visit Davos in his cell and teaches him to read to pass for time over a bath. sir Jaime to King's lair, admits that he killed the Mad King Aerys Targaryen because he was actually about to burn down the whole of King's Landing. this would have killed half a million people with wildfire when he was losing a war. Brienne doesn't know what to make of that. Margaery makes friends of Sansa and plans to have her taken to Highgarden, away from the Lannisters in order to marry ser Loras after she's made Queen. but Littlefinger finds out and tells Tywin Lannister's won't let the key to the north be lost over Tyrells survey force Tyrion to marry her first. and even he thinks that's cruel. a smiles wiped off of Circe's face, however, because father commands her to marry ser Loras instead with the baby. it's slow-going for them to find their way back to the wall. but Gilly is wide-eyed at Sam's experience of a wider world, even though she's better at useful things like making fires. Jojen reads visions also give him seizures, but he sees Jon Snow and wildlings on the wrong side of a wall. Egrets tells Jon, but regardless of whose side they're on, it's all about the two of them from now on. she's kind of worried about his true allegiance, but tormund's not, and he's a likeable guy. it's a brave climb for them all in the freezing winds, and a wall is a treacherous thing that defends itself. but John manages to safety, yet, just before they're cut loose by orell. despite their losses, they make it to the top of the world and view the north against herself. Santo goes to visit forest Burak and the Brotherhood, seeing as they all share the same God. she stunned it for us his power of resurrection, but has come to claim Gendry. she wants his Kings blood for future sacrifices to help Stannis. and although Arya steps up, Melisandre sees a darkness in a girl's future. before they leave, Theon is still being tortured by this guy. and today it's all about skinning fingers until he begs to have them cut off. Lord Walder Frey is still open to a continued alliance with the north, but he wants a lot of recompense, an apology Harrenhal and for Edmure Tully to marry one of his daughters in Rob's place. Edna is not up for it, but he's gonna have to take the hit. interestingly, Roose Bolton hasn't yet sent Jaime back to rob. and over dinner, the discussion turns towards still allowing him to reach King's Landing and earn the thanks of Tywin, but without Brienne in tow to claim Santa an area. in return, Tyrion discovers it was Joffrey who wanted him killed in battle. and he answer, see also lament weddings were not interested in for the good of her realm. Sansa was totally up for marrying ser Loras. not very good. but Tyrion has to give her the fun news. she's not too happy about it. baris was using one of little fingers girls as an informer. so finding out, Peter gives her over to Joffrey for some murder fun. and claims that chaos is a ladder for him to climb even higher as Jon and the Raiders make their way through the woods, or Rell tries to come between him and egrets. john sees a bravery in the wildlings, but knows they're doomed to fail in attacking a wall, and he's starting to care about that. and as Rob's force make their way up to the twins for the wedding to the phrase, he discovers Talisa is pregnant with his child. Margaery tries to tell Sansa that Tyrion might not be that awful to marry, while bran tells Tyrion to grin and bear it, especially seeing as he can't marry a [ __ ] like Shae, who's giving him [ __ ] about marrying Sansa. you see, Tyrion has married a [ __ ] once in a past, apparently, much to the anger of Tywin, who, by the way, has been summoned to report on all of his meetings to Joffrey. however, Tywin doesn't take [ __ ] from anyone and counsels for king. he also tells trough not to worry about for rumors of dragons overseas. danny's marching army come from a stupor to the next great slaver city, young Kai they send out an invoice suggest that she takes some gold and continue on her merry way without attacking him. and they even offer her some ships to sort off on back to Westeros. Danny's got a taste, however, for releasing slaves and demands that the city release everybody in Chains. Arya is angry at a brotherhood for selling off Gendry and delaying in taking her home, so she runs off and is kidnapped by sandor clegane, who's been tailing the group since for trial by combat. Jaime swears to Brienne that he'll still return the stark girls to Catelyn, before Bolton send him off with regards to Tywin. he further discovers some of the cruel experiments of Chi burns past and realizes Locke is more likely to torture and murder Brienne just for fun. so he forces his Bolton escort to return to Harrenhal, where he discovers she's being forced to fight a bear with a wooden sword. Jaime jumps into safer and takes herself with him. today, in torture town, two girls in tights' fee on until he starts to get into it only to be interrupted before he reached his satisfaction in order to have his dick cut off. Jojen informed bran for his free eye. Draven visions relate to a man they must meet beyond the wall. but OSHA stubbornly wants to go to Castle black. she knows how terrible things are beyond fair because her own husband returned from the dead to attack her before she escaped South. however, Jojen says that route is not for them, as for hounds captive. arya considered smashing his face in with a rock. but they're kind of stuck on a road together because he actually intends to take her to the twins and sell her back to Robb and Catelyn, which is who she wants to see anyway. Dany and co scout out the cell swords Fiesta pori have hide before they go to war. and they're a group called the second son's. she invites fair free leaders up to her tent to see if they want to come over to her side. but they're not interested. although one of our leaders, Daario naharis, does linger for another look. back at the camp, they discuss how Danny's unsullied army would be tough to defeat and decide to send Daario in the dead of night to assassinate her instead. that night, he slips into the camp all right, but he's bought four heads of the other two leaders, swears to her beauty and brings, for second, sons over to her side. Melisandre returns to Dragonstone of Gendry in tow, and it's hinted that she means to burn him. Davos persevered and learning to read. and Stannis pops down to the cells for a visit. he's seen a vision in the flames of a battle in the snow, and once Davos back his hand, as long as he doesn't try to kill the priestess again, who, in the meantime, has sex of Gendry, leeches him, and then her Stannis throw him into the fire as a spell to kill Rob Balin and Joffrey, the other remaining kings. Margery and Cersei put on their smiles for Sansa and Tyrians wedding day, despite one threatening to have the other one strangled. and Jaffa lead Sansa into the Sept but takes a stall vet tearian needed, in a dick move, to spoil the moment, forcing Santa to kneel in order to be cloaked. answer is, as ever, hostage to the situation. and tirion results to get drunk. taiwanese, ever, despises his ways and warns tyrion he better consummate the wedding of Sansa and get her with child. Loras and Cersei are both equally miserable a prospect of each other. and drunk Joffrey suggests raping Sansa later by evening. however, drunk Tyrion threatens to cut his [ __ ] off in front of everyone. but when it comes to the bedding, Tyrion can't quite bring himself to have sex with a 14 year old girl against her will. well done. Gilly salmon, a babe holed up in a shack for the night, but drawn by the sound of crows, Sam ventures out to discover a white Walker verse come for the baby. despite his fear and the fact that these fiends can shatter steel with a touch, sam stabs it with the dragonglass dagger he found at the fist of the first men. weakness discovered. Daario plans to sneak into a stupor with the unsullied captain grey worm answer Jorah and opened the gates from within. seeing as for young Kai don't realise he's changed sides. they're great fighters, and return to report that the city as now theirs. so Jorah is distraught to realize, however, that Daario is now Danny's favorite. sam plans to take Gilly under the wall via an ancient secret passage near the Nightfort, another long abandoned castle, er for watch. Brannon Co holed up in an abandoned tower on for gift while a storm comes in. while at the same time, Jon and a wildlings are stealing horses. their owner escapes and makes it to the same tower, but the wildlings are on him. Hodor freaks out of the sound of thunder, so bran walks him silent before they're all discovered. Jon is made to kill the man to prove he's one of them, but instead he fights off the wildlings, while tormund stops he glit from making a bad choice. Rann inhabits four body of summer to help. and Jon kills all Rover warg while he's inhabiting the body of his eagle for a counter-attack, before barely escaping on a horse. and that night, once for coast is clear, OSHA is going to depart with Rickon towards the umbers for safety, or bran Jojen and Meera continue on. Rob plans a bold move to strike at Casterly Rock, the home of Lannisters, in order to destabilize their position in the war. but first, everybody has to eat some humble pie, back at the twins and apologize to Lord Frey for Robb marrying Talisa. instead, he's made to apologize to each of phrase many daughters, whilst Ed Muir tries to guess which one is meant for him. Walder Frey is a sour vulture who gives him all lip that they stay cool. and it's time for a wedding. and in order to get to that, for a Tully wedding, the Hound steals a butcher's cart, but Arya stops him from killing man he's robbed. they make their way up in a day, and she looks at the twins, eager to reunite with her family, and turns our ed me--is wife is pretty cute, so that's a relief for him. the drums beat loudly in a celebration hall, and things might be okay. Lord. Bolton doesn't drink, however. and once ed Muir and Rosalind a pact, offered a bedding, something doesn't sit right with Catelyn. bender band play a Lannister song, and she discovers Bolton is wearing armor. Walder Frey announces his wedding gift to rob, and all of a sudden, the phrase are killing everyone, including stabbing Talisa right in the baby. outside, they kill Rob's direwolf. an area catches sight of this before the Hound drags her away from the slaughter. inside the murder zone, Catelyn grabs Walters wife and pleads for her son's life, but Bolton gives a final blow. the Lannisters give their regards. so Catelyn kills her girl and have absolutely nothing left. she just stands there until someone takes her life. outside for castles, it's slaughter phrase and Bolton's dreadfort men are killing Starks everywhere. The Hound escapes four-seam of Arya as her head of Rob's direwolf is paraded about on a body of his corpse. back down at King's Landing. on a very basic level, Tyrion and santur just about managing to get along until the small council celebrate the success of their plot to have alder Frey. Joffrey wanted to serve Rob's head to Santa at his wedding feast, but Tyrion won't have it. the young king gets all antsy everyone, so Tywin proves his real power and has Joffrey sent to bed. Sansa is, of course, miserable, again, gloating over the mess at the twins. Roose Bolton is now warden of the north, and Walder Frey has four backing of the Lannisters. turns out it's Bolton's bastard son, Ramsay, who's been torturing Theon all of this time. and having broken his spirit, he gives Fiona a new name. reek he also posts films dick back to his family on the Iron Islands, telling them to leave the north. and despite Balin not carrying Yara, picks her faster ship and an elite team of men to bring Theon home. bran Hodor and the reeds reach for Nightfort by the wall. they make camp. but in the dead of night, they hear something coming up from deep inside the well. but it's just Sam and Gilly heading the other way for Castle black. Sam realizes this is Jon's younger brother, so he shows from the secret route, gives him some dragonglass daggers, and they part ways on their separate journeys. Sam makes it back to Castle black - tell maester aemon what went down at the fist and the keep, and they send out all of their Ravens to warn of the others and beg for realm for help. down on Dragonstone, Davos continues his reading lessons and discovers one of hooray it's messages just as word of Rob's death reaches from he still employs Stannis not to burn Gentry for blood magic, but Melisandre has his ear on the topic, so in secret, he sends Gendry off in a boat to save the boy's life. mela is furious at him for saving one innocent life, but risking the doom of thousands in a prolonged war for treason. Stannis is about to sentence him to die, but Davos warns of what's happening up on the wall and the coming of the others. and this is actually the true war that Melisandre has been on about all along. baris offers Shae money to leave Westeros and start a new life. he believes that Tyrion is one of a few people able to make the realm a better place, but not if he has complications like her floating around no dice. Arya is back on the road and kills a free man for gloating about for a red wedding, forcing the Hound to kill the others, after getting so near and yet so far. revenge and murder seems to be all that she has left. he cadet catches up with Jon and they have an emotional farewell while she's peppering him with arrows. he just about makes it to Castle black to meet back with his friends. and Jaime gets back to King's Landing with Qyburn and Brienne in tow, and reunites with Cersei. while over a stupor, all of the freed slaves come out to praise Dany and call her their mother. now with two armies for remaining Dothraki for sell swords and her dragons, her power grows even more. so films being tortured. Sansa's married to Tyrion, and Arya is dying on the inside. while she's hanging out with the Hound. Jon has made it to Castle black in order to warn of wildlings. and while bran isn't far away, Stannis is also looking to the north, whilst Dany grows in strength. however, Robb and Catelyn are dead. so what the [ __ ] happens now? oh my god. thanks a lot, as ever, for watching, guys. I hope you've enjoyed having Game of Thrones season 3 crammed inside of you. don't forget to hit like and subscribe, because YouTube is a heartless numbers machine, and it really helps me out. I'll see you guys next time. 