[Music]. well, never did I think that the guy who made Schindler's List would be in a row over racism. but unless you've been living under a rock for the past week, then no doubt you've seen a lot of backlash around Liam Neeson. what's worse is, this guy is supposed to be promoting his new movie, cold pursuit, but it looks like it's going to be pretty cold at the box office. like, I don't know if that's a phrase or whatever, but, yeah, you don't come here for the jokes. you come here for the informative news. anyway, Neeson, earlier this week, when promoting his new revenge thriller, gave a bit too much information away when he, for some reason, told the interviewer that he wanted to kill a black person, any black person, yes, even you Will Smith, after his friend was raped by a black man. the comment came forth when talking about the film, which is about a father getting revenge for his murdered son. but it's pretty much shocked a lot of people, even in the context of that. originally, in an interview with the independent, Neeson said, god forbid you've ever had a member of your family hurt under criminal conditions. I'll tell you a story. this is true. don't tell them, please. anyway, the actor went on to say she handled the situation of the rape in the most extraordinary way. but my immediate reaction was, I asked, did she know who it was? no, what color were they? she said it was a black person. I went up and down areas with the cosh, hoping I'd be approached by someone, I'm ashamed to say that. and I did it for maybe a week, hoping that some I don't even want to say this bit, it's a racist him, would come out of a pub and have a go at me about something, you know, so that I could kill him. hmm. obviously, the Internet has been in uproar with comments coming from all over the place. Frederick Joseph said, Liam Neeson being ready to take any black life over what one person allegedly did just shows how meaningless and inconsequential black lives autism. even him telling the story demonstrates a level of privilege and understanding that there may not be repercussions. Phillip Henry says, what's most disturbing about what Liam Neeson said is everything, but what's particularly terrifying is the idea that the death of any other black guy would satisfy the revenge quota to the clear indication is that he knows his whiteness would protect if he followed through on it. in case you can't read this, safe place says, being upset someone attacked your family is understandable, but targeting innocent black men for a week with weapon when he didn't even know who did it, is racist. do you know how many innocent black people have lost their lives in the past for stuff like this? this is not OK. it's kind of hard to argue with this, but Neeson has fought back, telling ABC that he's not racist and that he actually wants to start a wider debate on racism. ah, so that's what it was. he's just like Schindler in a way, now I think about it. anyway, there's also people on the other side who jump to Liam's defense, including the very articulate John Barnes, who had this to say, Liam Neeson was talking about his film revenge, and he's talking about revenge doesn't do anyone any good. he mentions the fact that, being brought up in northern our he understands how destructive that can be. he went on to tell a story of a situation where by a friend of his had been raped. now if you listen to everything he's talking about, he's talking about in the moment. and you can't blame him, Liam Neeson, for thinking what he feels, because this is what, and this is a while ago, this is what society has shown him that black people do, Muslims do. this is what society is wrongly showing him. this is what the media have wrongly portrayed to him. so in that moment, he said, for a week he was going around looking to kill a black person or a black and he did that in quotation marks. now, what he actually went on to say is what, he was ashamed and horrified by the way he felt. yes, he's not ashamed and horrified and wanted to commit them the act of revenge. he's ashamed and horrified because that is what he thought about all black people. after a week, he realized he was wrong. that is what he said, I'm ashamed and horrified of the way I felt. now, depending on how you want to spin this story, now it's about he was going to kill a black person. what we want to eventually what I think what I did. we don't want to spin it. I beg your pardon. I say, we don't want to spin it. we want to think about it. and ventilated. it's an important subject. no, no, no, no, no. it's been spun. it's been spun. because if you want to think about what he's actually saying, the context, which is why he then said to the lady, he said to the lady, in his voice, I got a particular set of skills if you don't report this in the way that it is meant. now we're talking about and he threatened to kill the woman. what he's actually saying is that he's horrified and ashamed of the way he felt. he went on to say that, that is exactly what he went on to say, which meant that he was ashamed of the way he felt. but you cannot blame him for thinking that. because I said earlier with the whole Raheem Sterling talking about influence the media has. you cannot blame people but thinking Muslims, because of Muslim grooming gangs Jamaica arrogance, then look at Muslims and Jamaicans in a negative light. and he's admitting that that is the way he viewed it so for this one black person who raped this woman, he then looked at it from the perspective of, all black people are racists. now what he's actually saying is that, this is what I thought, this is what I saw, and I am ashamed and horrified. and after a week, I said to myself, what am i doing? that is flat me the reality behind it. as much as people are now jumping on this bandwagon of how terrible it is what he's done, he's come out and he's told the truth. overall, it's a bit crazy at the moment right now. and I kind of feel bad for the studio who have to still promote a movie and make money after this. oh wait, I've just seen its lines. gay, you always put fake copyright claims in on my video. so I tell you what, Sodom, naturally, they pulled the star-studded red carpet event. and the movie looks like it could either bomb or be a big hit with the KKK, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the entire situation and what you think will happen to the movie because of this. will Netflix pick it up? will Neeson act again? does the internet. just love being offended. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's other big movie, the lego movie - which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 