listen, it's kind of funny when people say the entirety of the x-men franchise is a bust for getting Deadpool, Logan hell, x-men movies that are a part of the franchise. but to be honest, it's kind of sad that we won't be seeing that X get accented on the Fox logo anymore once that's gone. I personally did have hope for the younger cast who were kind of promised these decade long story arcs, and then all that just went away. and while I do want to make an L me covering everything Fox did with Marvel and the movies, I've also heard the TV shows are pretty great. I'm still waiting on you mutants to come out before I do that, if that ever comes out. but if there's one winner in all of this, it has to be Kevin Feige. this man was involved with Fox, Sony, Universal, all of the Marvel movies that have been made throughout the years. and pretty much every studio probably had the opportunity to take his advice, and none of them did, until Disney finally showed up and said, you know, and now my dudes collecting up the mother studios, like I told you. so though everyone wants to crap on this new one, and I'm not saying that it's great. it's literally a remake of their own movie by the same writer. I don't think it's a little bit better. honestly, I may even suggest hitting up a $5 Tuesday if you can, cuz while there is a lot to complain about in this movie, in my personal opinion, I think the acting is great. some of these dudes really thought they were x-men. others played characters that wanted to leave the x-men, and it felt really true, cuz they really did want to leave. but it's one of those things where it didn't matter how convoluted they tried making the plots for their new movies, the most entertaining battle was always outside. let me explain. so what I've always loved about the x-men is that every installment for them is civil like in their world, didn't nobody like some they ain't your neighborhood anything, because they got him cooped up in a mansion out in the country, as far away as possible. and that's where a little Jean Grey ends up crashing. growing up, she had no idea how to control her powers. and so one day she loses it and accidentally kills her mom in a car crash. her dad has absolutely no idea what to do with this little girl who murdered his wife. and so Charles Xavier shows up to take her back to his mansion with Jean, not realizing that her mind's been altered by him. now right off the bat, I think James McAvoy's a great actor. do takes on some of the craziest roles, if it's an indie or a major blockbuster, and I completely respect his approach to his craft. but I hated him in this movie, Charles. I get that you want to remove that guilt from this child's mind, but that's like shoving your clothes under the bed. you're gonna have to deal with it later. we flashed the presents, which in this movie is 1992, and things seem to be okay with the x-men. and the government's the president has a direct line to them like he's the mayor. they're going on space missions to save some man struts. and you can hate on these movies all you want, but none of the Avengers, and I love The Avengers movies, so relax, MCU fans. but none of the Avengers have cooler powers in the x-men. how even with the ones that they share. Fox made superior ones. they got Nightcrawler teleporting in, while Quicksilver zips to collect all the astronauts, then they bring them back. it's gorgeous. you're taking two of the most iconic x-men and choreographing the scene to perfection. all of that is beautiful. and Jean Grey blows up. I just realized. turns out that this thing that they believed was a solar flare is really this Dark Phoenix energy, and that ends up entering your body while they were on this mission, and it starts taking over. now, I love the original storyline because its iconic, but it's one of those things where you had already done it, and now you're choosing a time to redo it, when we're seeing a lot of that storyline going on. and by the way, the women are always saving the men around here. you might want to think about changing the name to ex women. Jean then enters people's minds without consent, and little by little, Charles and the gang realizes that something's up with Jean. now, at first it seemed like mystique and Jean were going to be having parallel storylines. mystique keeps complaining that she wants to leave the school because she thinks Charles is different. and well, he did agree with her at first, cuz Charles is just cloud chasing to a degree. this sound like she was jealous of the new girl in town, like she always was the favorite one, and now jeans getting all the attention. it's obvious. Jennifer herself also didn't want to be there, so I thought she was just tweaking to a certain degree, until she freakin dies. see, after realizing that Charles manipulated a girl's mind and altered her memories, and seeing that he's still doing that and forcing himself in there, Jean ends up running away. they end up having to faced a friend whose whole world is a lie. because Jean, at this point, the guilt of realizing she accidentally killed her mother, and she didn't know that. she has a heart of learning that her dad was never dead, he just gave her up because he didn't know how to deal with her. she realizes that her newest caregiver, the man who she trusted her entire life, has been messing with her mind and lying to her. and now she's got her friends and her boyfriend outside looking goofy in their suits, trying to subdue her, when she yet again loses control of her powers and kills another important woman in her life. like this is beyond levels of bad. Ravens death not only causes gene to go into exile, but all of the kids back at the mansion are flabbergasted. like you have to realize how broken they are. you have to imagine how crushed they are hearing that the most popular girl is not only their school, but mutant kind, just killed one of their civil rights leaders. they had that look all those parents had after season eight, when they still had to take away their little Daenerys goodnight. but no one is more pissed than Hank. see James performance as a punk in this movie. it's great. I hated him, and it was a very effective but Nicholas Hall to really Dottie lost Jennifer Lawrence. this man is crying. he's finishing up a bottle. he feels guilty, considering that she was about to leave the mansion, but he convinced her to stay. this was the only other blue person his age, and now she's gone. and still Xavier won't admit he's done anything wrong. he's there sitting going, I'm sorry you feel that way. see the Picard. Xavier, I know, would never put his ego over himself. but here we have a guy who's been waiting so long to finally make peace between mutants and people, that, you know, he's willing to do anything to not lose that. we see that gene shows up at Magneto's compound seeking refuge. and even the bad guys are like, Jean, we do not want you. I'm actually upset we won't be seeing Fassbender anymore, because even in this movie, he's giving a great performance as he wants to also avenge Ravens death. because this is an actor who not only has done great roles, but even when I don't like the movies he's in, he's still giving it his all. Assassin's Creed, I thought he was experiencing an aneurysm. the Snowman, he really did think Jack Frost was out to get him. the counselor is when I need to let me explain for but then again, who can forget the classic and most iconic line of his. I'll do the fingering. the movie that introduces the species known as the d'bari, who can shape-shift into different people. and so they decide to take over Oscar nominee, Jessica Chastain's body. now, like I said, this movie had a completely different twist, an entirely different ending that I'll explain in a bit. but what we ended up getting in this backstory is that the same Phoenix energy that went into gene actually ended up going through their home planet. and now they're roaming around trying to find a new one to inhabit. but when they notice that gene has been able to harness that power, they seek her out in order to picture the best role someone can ask for. god quick, no, I know jeans on the run, and she's got so much on her mind that was anyone else glad that she had time to shop and literally kill the layers that she had going on in this movie. so now we have a Jean Grey who doesn't trust her family, one who has magneto and his goons coming after her, who has this alien trying to take her powers. and that, Lisa, is a big climax. magneto pulls up a train for some reason, even though the x-men could jump over it. and that doesn't even matter, because magneto gets knocked out by Jean Scott ricochets his deadly laser beam off of our car window somehow, which then allows Charles to approach Jean, who goes, are you here to kill me? and Charles, knowing good and damn well that he has an arm Nightcrawler next to him and has no chance against her, goes Jeanne knocks out Nightcrawler easily, and then, I kid you not, makes Charles walk up the stairs like QWOP. and then gets convinced by evil Chastain to transfer her powers over to her. and she gets hit with the line, he may have showed you your past, but let me show you your future. Scott's goofy as thing comes in and shoots Jessica Chastain to the next room. who I mean, can't even know she was the bad guy, but he still knocked her off to the next block. all of them get detained by the military, where Charles, you know, now that he's got nothing else to lose, admits he maybe was wrong. magneto starts fighting like John wick the Phoenix rises to save the day, and she wipes out the alien race, sacrificing herself for her friends as she Nelly Furtado's over Charles and Erik as they play one final game of chess. but then it turns out that they had a different ending that got lost. see, because of the whole Disney merger, a lot of things had to change. some believe they forced them to swap out the ending because, you know, they didn't want people to look forward to a sequel, and it wasn't really in the studio's best interest. but it also did away with the set up Fox had for all of the upcoming sequel, which are no longer upcoming. they pretty much had set up a decade like pattern between each one that would eventually lead to 2023, which is when Days of Future past takes place and it's present. so that would mean that they had at least two other movies before they got there. the writer even hinted at the fact that he wanted two spin-offs for storm Cyclops, Nightcrawler and Jean Grey. and well, now fight he decides that what that meant for Dark Phoenix was an alternate ending they had hyped up. Chaz Saenz role so hard by keeping it a secret that it was going to be something huge. and then when it was revealed, even the castles like, huh? see, before they even had that Disney merger get completed, they were having scheduling issues with themselves. Fox was choosing their beloved Papa Cameron because yet is a leader movie coming out, and the state delayed Phoenix. and they were also put in a conundrum where they at an ending that was way too similar to captain Marvel's. because the thing was, Jessica Chastain was originally going to be a scroll, hence the shape-shifting. was meant to be a much bigger role that ended up getting cut, which just keeps happening to poor Jessica. so not only did it alter their plans more than Charles did jeans mind, but any promises that this cast got gone, the set up leading back to days ruined, and the franchise that once had the ability to restart their own timeline got stripped as they vanished in a snap. but I think they're still thinking of keeping Deadpool. I think you guys freaking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I'm curious, do you find all of this contract dealings interesting? I think it's always cool to see what's planned and then it doesn't come to fruition, or how things need a change. I'm also curious to know what you thought about the movie. I know not everybody liked it, but I can still enjoy things. I'm still laughing at the beginning where the x-wing comes out of the basketball court, because it's like the most inconvenient place to have it. what if someone was in the middle? of course, right? they just had the s and the e left to win. and also, there's like a mission you got to stop at you're playing. Bobby would be so pissed off. there was another thing that I know when trending for a little bit, and that's when Scott just swore. and everyone thought that was like a funny line to make fun of, that they looked like they were coming out of Central Park. and that wasn't the part that caught me off guard. to me, it was the fact that magneto and his goons were walking in the front, right? and right behind them. did they not notice that night that there was, I don't know, silhouettes of a bald man in a wheelchair, Bigfoot Cyclops and a kid with a tail like that. that was the goofiest part for me. but I'm curious, are your thoughts down below in the comment section? I wasn't as bored as I was with the last and in this one, if they don't have juggernaut, so I guess there was that. but I'm curious know your thoughts. let me know your thoughts on who you want to be cast for the new MCU incarnations, if you believe that the new mutants movie may actually end up going to Disney Plus, because nobody has any faith for it. but let me know any thoughts you have about these movies down below, what your favorite x-men was. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and maybe new mutants might come out one 