want to ever throw the government set up fascist utopia. dark wheels are turning. i started up a security fire. you are, we're too self-hearted to be a businessman. you'll be eating up. this great nation of ours is at war with itself. who did you talk to? give me the name thomas. take a hold of yourself. oh, i am so sorry. if you have any medical expenses, call me my card. pennyworth security. you were in the army ten years. didn't it bother you still does? [Music], call us when you've got thomas. wayne, will do a swap. i want to use taking this way as my sharpish. oh, what else? i have him smashing. if they kill me, they have to kill you. all of them are wearing these. raven society. we will take back this country from the corrupt weaklings. we will need men like you. think about what you're doing, alfred, i'll be back. i'll be back. who is the leader of the ravens society? i'm the leader. i'm trying to build a nice business so i can settle down and have kids. suicide missions are not part of the plan. alfie, you have forgotten who you are. send lord harwood to [Music]. the to keep him alive, but break him. what's happened to bet sykes? we've had no word. what did your father do? he's a vicar of salisbury. well then why haven't i met your old man? because he's bloody tedious. she's hanging under a hood for the long brass murder next bank holiday. i'm very much in love with esme, sir. that's why i'm here to request your permission to marry her. i will disinherit her. will you marry me? yes, yes, i will. [Applause]. i'm martha kane. how can i help you, miss kay? i need a driver bodyguard. your advertisement says, ex-military. i've dreamt of vet sykes all night. i dreamt that she was waiting for me at my bus stop on good street. ten thousand quid, and she's got plenty more work for us. what's the bad news? she's a no name. she thinks you're dead. that's romantic intim coming back to life. tell the prime minister i have seen his last days coming. are you doing well enough? you'd be thinking you're good enough. resume, is that right? east is east and west is west. to near this one for every ounce of blood i spill, he will pay. the nation will rise in my name, and he will die. john ripper runs the east end. you don't know what he does to people who disrespect him. you've met fellow christian. come along with me. you were sent here to find and assassinate the leader of the raven society. i'm the new leader that you came here to kill. you work for martha kane, who works for thomas wayne, who works for the no name league. stop working against your queen, or you'll all hang kill. we were told to find out your name, but you killed mrs darkness. that was an accident. [Music]. this woman is my sister. you followed me all the way to goddamn europe. i am here on business, patricia. but i persuaded him, this is on me. this is my fault. but you don't know who i am. jason. jason ripper, would you [ __ ] your mum to save her life? gold howard, what's going on? i know him. look, it's my old boss. hi, lord james howard. i'm not hardwood, all right. esme was killed to make you suffer. her killer is watching you squirm. you know who killed her? you'll give me the name if i do something for you first. i i got a distinct sense they know, they know i'm cia. well, we're losing the battle on the streets. we want to truce. we'll ask them to arrange a meeting between myself and francis gaunt to discuss terms, and we'll kill him. you have to succeed tonight. if you want that name, i have a job for you, if you're interested. the widow mrs thwaite has been appointed pro tem leader. pending elections. england will soon be yours. margo, who hates you so much that your death isn't enough? what do you see? silly? that man tortured me. he destroyed my life. he has to die. so you want to call a truce? we do. sincerely. why doesn't nice americans decide to go like you, mixed up with a no-name week? i could ask the same of you. this is my sister patricia. could i leave with you for a few hours? he has been waiting all this time to pay me back. a little too late. my friend. i'm glad you know the truth. do you like parties? martha? who the hell is this guy? alistair is a satanist. oh, i love her already. how did youtube end up working together? we're not with the no-name league. next you'll tell me you're not spying on them for the cia. what do you want crowley? i want your soul, of course. my god. james. hello francis. i shall reveal myself publicly, and then i will destroy my enemies and lead this country back to greatness. thomas, will you please tell us what happened? we were never there. you understand anything? oh, i don't even know his first name. just clean his house, that's all. have you any idea where he's gone? the raven society is on the cusp of a new dawn. it'll shock the world. are you with me? you're supposed to be dead. well, i'm not. [Music]. will you come with me to london, both of you? really will? i have a battle ahead. you knew who killed esme, and you covered it up. protect my son. and i promise you're my vote. i'll do it a public rally that warrants the risk of arrest. lord james howard, do now his father has political claps. you know the rest. i just need to raise my finger. well, galah, rise your finger. send in the heavy brigade, arrest everyone. [Music]. i'm afraid this is going to create a lot of trouble for all of us. if the queen should prove to be reluctant, then we will need to find an alternative. we will need to find a replacement. my dad's got cancer. he's dying. tell me what's on your mind. you seem troubled. we've given you up for dead. i i feel like i'm dreaming. no, things are going to get pretty nasty. i'm not sure you should be involved. that's exactly why i can't stop you from working for the no-name week. i'm just saying, think about it, the pm, once you've buried it alive seven years, take him down. are you willing to kill to get out of here? thomas, you must take martha with you to the negotiations. i'm in what are the negotiations? the ravens and the no names are negotiating an electoral pact. lord howard hand, the no name patsy's has to go. the prime minister tried to kill me, and now the crisis is here. if the queen is with you, then we are. the queen is with me. what's all this wailing? mother? the police wanted him to do a murder, and he wouldn't, so he's going on the road. [Music], now, listen, i'm gonna hold the phone for you, and you're going to read this here. just i am safe and healthy and among friends. i command the immediate resignation of the government. i appoint lord harvard as my new prime minister. prime minister, we will shortly have full control of the capital. you have 24 hours to resign. thomas, i was just about to ask miss kaine she knew where you were. i'm trying to get out of the country, but it seems like every copper in london's out looking for me. harwood is staging a coup. he's got the army on side, and he's abducted your majesty. remember me. there's no one else here. ah, it's too easy. general, listen to me very closely. [Music], happy to assure you i am safe and among friends. you're supposed to be gone. well, i'll change my mind. didn't fancy it for all you to promise me that you'll always think well of me when i'm gone. the old guard die. they do not surrender. [Music], he was one of them comedic sexes. all very well. [Music], i'm sorry, son. god bless england. [Music] you 