Gladiator, starring Russell Crowe as a disgraced Roman general and Joaquin Phoenix playing the caeser Commodus, son of Marcus Aurelius\xe2\x80\x99. It is an epic historical film that captures a very Shakespearean sense of drama and atmosphere, and quite like Shakespeare takes a few artistic liberties with the source material, and historical facts thus there are a few anachronisms, but that shouldn't take away from the enjoyment of the film. But in terms of cinematic legacy, Gladiator is a love letter to classic \xe2\x80\x98sword-and-sandal\xe2\x80\x99 films of yesteryear; such as Spartacus, Ben-Hurr, Clash of the Titans, and Quo Vadis. Ave Imperator! Gird your loins, we fight in the Arena! In AD 180, Hispano-Roman General Maximus Decimus Meridius intends to return to his home after he leads the Roman army to victory against the Germanic tribes near Vindobona on the Limes Germanicus. Emperor Marcus Aurelius tells Maximus that his own son, Commodus, is unfit to succeed and that he wishes Maximus to succeed him, as regent, to help save Rome from corruption. Commodus murders his father when he is told about the plan. Commodus announces he is the new Emperor, asks Maximus for his loyalty, and the general refuses. Maximus is arrested by guards and is told that he will die at dawn and meet his family in the afterlife, but he kills his captors and rides for his home near Trujillo. He finds it burning and his family murdered. Maximus buries his wife and son; then collapses. He is found by slavers who take him to the Roman province of Zucchabar, where he is sold to a gladiator trainer named Proximo. Although reluctant at first, Maximus fights in local tournaments and make friends with two other gladiators: Juba, a Numidian; and Hagen, a German. His military skills help him win matches and gain recognition from other gladiators and the crowd. Proximo reveals that his own past has shown him that to be a good killer is not enough; a good gladiator is one who can "win the crowd". Proximo takes his gladiators to fight in Rome's Colosseum, because Commodus has organized 150 days of games. Disguised by a masked helmet, Maximus debuts in gladiatorial combat in the Colosseum as a Carthaginian in a re-enactment of the Battle of Zama, where the Cartaginians are supposed to be massacred by gladiators playing the legionnaires of Scipio Africanus; but Maximus leads his side to victory. Commodus is pleased by the surprising outcome and enters the Colosseum to offer his congratulations. Maximus cannot kill Commodus because Commodus's nephew, Lucilla's son, whom Maximus has befriended, accompanies him. Commodus orders the disguised Maximus, as leader of the gladiators, to show himself and give his name, which leads to Maximus revealing himself and declaring vengeance. The Emperor is compelled by the crowd to let the gladiators live, and the Praetorian Guard is held back from striking them down. Maximus's next fight is a victory against a legendary undefeated gladiator. Commodus has ordered that the loser should die; but Maximus spares his opponent's life, and he is called "Maximus the Merciful" by the crowd. Angered at this outcome, Commodus taunts Maximus about his family's deaths, but Maximus turns and walks away\xe2\x80\x94another defiant act that the emperor has to endure. Maximus discovers from Cicero, his ex-orderly, that his former legions remain loyal. Lucilla, Commodus' sister; Gracchus, an influential senator; and Maximus meet secretly. Maximus will escape Rome, join his soldiers, topple Commodus by force, and hand power back to the Roman Senate. Commodus learns of the plot by threatening Lucilla, and has the Praetorian Guard arrest Gracchus and attack the gladiators' barracks. Proximo and his men (including Hagen) sacrifice themselves to enable Maximus to escape. Maximus is captured at the rendezvous with Cicero, where Cicero is killed. Commodus challenges Maximus to a duel. He stabs Maximus before the match to gain an advantage. Maximus disarms Commodus, whom the Praetorian Guard refuse to aid. The emperor feigns being disarmed then produces a hidden knife. Maximus drives the blade into Commodus's throat and then grows weak. Before he dies he asks for political reforms, for his gladiator allies to be freed, and for Senator Gracchus to be reinstated. He then succumbs to his wound. While the dead Commodus is left abandoned on the dirt floor of the arena, Maximus's friends and allies solemnly lift Maximus up and honor him as "a soldier of Rome", at Lucilla\'s behest. The crowd stands in respect as Maximus is carried out to be given an honorable funeral. Juba visits the Colosseum at night and buries the figurines of Maximus' wife and son at the spot where he died. Juba says he is to return to his own family and promises to see Maximus again, "but not yet". 