welcome to the man of recaps. this is Westworld, season 3, episode 6. we begin with May Eve in a virtual paradise world. it's not the real one. her daughter and the other hosts escape - it's just us and rocks copy of it. maple was stabbed with the samurai sword last we saw her, so that body's dead, but they're building her a new one. in the meantime, she's hanging out here. it's kind of boring here, though, so actually, she goes back to the World War 2 simulation to beat up some Nazis and blow off steam. now, William, the man in black, is now the man in white. his therapist is trying to get him to open up about the death of his daughter. no one actually knows that he's the one who shot her. he finally does start talking about it, but his session is interrupted if the horses big data leak just happened. and his therapist, like so many others, sees that their future is very bleak. she can't help William now. her life's falling apart. then she does hang herself in her office. Charlotte Hale, Dolores, visits her son and ex-husband. she's like, hey, did you read your future. do we get back together? but he didn't even read it. he's like, you know, I'm not gonna let some computer decide my life for me. you and I get to decide if we want to be together. and this resonates with Charlotte should this is like a real family for her. now she's called an emergency Delos board meeting to take the company private before Ciroc can buy it out. but Soraka is on top of this, assassinates the other board member, right here in broad daylight. Hawke still thinks at this point that Charlotte Hale is secretly working for him. he doesn't know yet that she's actually Dolores and is the one working against him. so Ciroc buyout goes through. he's the owner of Delos. surak's using Delos to print may have a new body. but also he's printing her some friends to help in the fight against Dolores. yes, he is bringing back at door. he gets his mind sent over it, plugs it into the simulation with Maeve, and Maeve and Hector are reunited. let's rock. has no interest in the other hosts. in fact, he wants to destroy them all. so Dolores can't, like, use them in a robot uprising. but Dolores is endgame mission is to save all the hosts, to make the world into a robot paradise for him. so Charlotte, Dolores is backing up all that data. this guy finds are doing it, so he's gotta snap a neck. it's rock has another present for me, if he picked up the memory core of the Scottish security guy, which is really Dolores. so may even Dolores have a chat in the virtual world here, they basically agreed to disagree on the best way to save robot kind. now, William is assigned for some virtual reality therapy. he sees a kid version of himself, and he's transported back to his childhood home. this is not a happy memory for him though. seems like he had an abusive father, and he starts freaking out a Bites disorder, please finger off. uh. later though, Williams led to group therapy, and it's a group of other Williams. and the sessions led by none other James loz it's kind of funny, and goes as you might expect. they all argue with each other about whose fault it is. they turn into a psychopath. it comes back to the big question he's been asking himself, did he have any control over his life, or was he predetermined to end up like this? and he's finally come to her realization, if you can't tell, it doesn't matter her. yeah, that's a throwback to what the Welcome host said when he first went to West world. so basically, his epiphany is that he could never really know if free will actually exists, so what does it matter? he decides the best thing for him to do right now is to brutally kill all the alternate versions of himself. Williams bashing his younger self with a chair. and he says he finally understands his purpose. he says it doesn't matter who he's been now he is the good guy. so we'll find out later, I guess, what good guy means to him. but for now, he's actually found by Bernard. yeah, I'm not sure how Bernard ended up here, but he wakes him up from virtual reality, and he's like, yo, I'll come with me. then Soraka calls an emergency board meeting. he's got some big news. one of them is a host, and he knows it's Charlotte, he'll figured out that she's Dolores. he claims what gave it away is how much she's cared about her son lately. the real Charlotte Hale always put work first. but char Loras is prepared for this. that's no coffee thermos. she's gassing them all. she goes to shoot Ciroc. blam. oh, but he's just a hologram again. this dude is never actually really anywhere. so Charlotte's got a fight her way out of here. she swings by the basement where they're building Maeve's new friend, but they're very much against each other right now. she can't let me have allies. so she grabs Hector's control units and smashes it. no, door, not like this. finally, she's cornered. but she's got one more trick up her sleeve. the giant transformer death robot. boom, through the wall. oh yes. this thing is epic. blenheim knocking guys around covers her escape. maybe new body does. finish printing. and now that Dolores has killed her love, heck, door, she is mad. so Charlotte, Dolores, grabs her family like, hey, don't mind my bullet wounds. long story short, my boss is trying to kill us. she's gonna run away with them, go off the grid and have a new happy life. but boom, Oh. Ciroc had her car bombed Roebuck. Charlotte survives. she crawls out of there burned up, anakin skywalker style. and now that sir rocks murdered her family, she's about to go full Darth Vader on his ass. and that's where episode six comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to stuff the channel and be a recap champion. 