welcome back to movies explained. today we are looking at the movie oxygen. the story starts with a woman waking up in a cryogenic pot enclosed in an organic cocoon. she tries to get the cocoon off of her body and tries separating the attached needles and wires. she has some flashes of being in a hospital, but can't remember anything clearly. she finally gets out of the cocoon and removes the cerebral activity monitor from her head. she tries to get out of the box she is trapped in, but fails. while she's yelling and crying for help, the machine powers up and an automated ai informs her that the oxygen level is 35 and there is a system failure. she starts asking the ai where she is and how she got there. the ai introduces itself and says, i am your medical interface liaison operator, milo. i'm programmed to answer all your medical needs. milo offers her a sedative, seeing her agitated state, but she refuses to take it. she tries to make him get her out, but he responds, i cannot comply with that request at the moment, she makes guesses of her current situation that someone must have done this to her. upon asking, milo gives her progress report. it states that the heat levels in the processor 3 to 54 had depleted oxygen reserve, which resulted in the suspension of medical cryogenics. the woman is shocked to hear the word cryogenics, and keeps having some flashes from her past. she tries to wrap her head around it, but then makes herself believe that i am safe and inside a hospital. the woman asks milo, is there someone who knows about my situation? to which he tells her that the transmission failed and there is no response from anywhere. she focuses on her breathing and keeps telling herself that she is in a hospital and someone will come looking for her. she asks the ai to tell her about her name and who she is. milo identifies her as omicron 267. she tries to get him to specify the term a bit. milo says, you are a bio-formicron 267. she then asks milo to display the image of her bio form and looks at her face, unable to recognize who she is. the oxygen level keeps dropping, and milo suggests decreasing the consumption of oxygen to delay asphyxiation. she gets flashes of dead mice in a lab and herself screaming in a red room. when the woman shouts to know why she is in the pod, the ai offers her to show the medical diagnosis of omicron 267, to which he agrees, but milo fails to provide her with it. she instructs milo to open the door, but he refuses and says this is not recommended. at this point, she initiates the unlocking of the door, but fails because she doesn't have the authentication code. she asks milo to call someone, but he tells her that all the external communications are currently unavailable. she asks the ai how he was able to send the diagnosis report if the communications are unavailable, milo says all data is transmitted via a central data line. the woman instructs milo to make a call to the operation center, but milo tells her it is not registered in the database. the call is directed to the first police number. on the woman's request, a police officer picks the call, and she starts crying and asking for help. she tells him that the supply of oxygen is running out and she is in a cryogenic pod. she further tells him that she doesn't remember anything, including who she is, where she is from and where she is. and starts crying. the police officer is convinced that she is filing a false report, but she continues to cry and beg him to believe her. finally, he agrees to listen to her and asks for any details that can help him figure out where she is. she tells the officer that the last thing she remembers was that she was in an er. the rest of it is all blur. the officer tells her it is hard to track her call, but the department is trying. the officer asks her to look around and find some serial number or any detail of the pod. she looks to her side and tells him the company's name and serial number. the officer transfers the call to his superior when the connection fails, the woman requests milo to perform a dna test and sees pictures of her on the screen. she realizes that her name is elizabeth hanson, and people call her liz. she starts crying again. when the ai directs an incoming call to her. the man on the phone introduces himself as captain moreau, of science and technology department the signal distorts, but milo is successful in amplifying it. moreau asks elizabeth that how much time is left and how did the hyper sleep end? she doesn't recognize the man, but due to less time, she decides to cooperate with him. moreau asks her to tell him everything she remember, including any suspicious behavior or anything she remembers about anyone trying to hurt her. she says she doesn't remember anything. more tells her, me and my men are trying to locate you, but according to the manufacturer of cryoselide, your unit was destroyed three years ago. liz panics, and her heart rate and bp rises. moreau asks her to stay with him and focus on reality. moreau says, we are doing everything we can to locate you. my men are searching all the available information on you, and we are meeting with the manufacturer of cryoselide to get the codes. he explains to her about the difficulty they are facing to get the details due to the morning time. the call drops, and liz starts crying again. milo states her probability of survival, which is 0. the system tries to inject her with a sedative due to the dropping oxygen level but liz manages to get the injection away from her. milo reminds her about the federal offense that is charged when someone damages cryosalide intentionally. she starts hallucinating things and feels herself outside, breathing air. she gets a vision of leo working in a lab. she accesses the date of elizabeth hanson through all the press articles, she finds that she is a nobel prize winner and is a biologist. then she opens her social media and finds pictures of her with leo, her husband. she tries to remember him and get some visions of leo playing the piano. she directs milo to find the number of leo ferguson milo finds two numbers. the first one shows unavailable. but someone picks the call on leo's second number. the woman speaks to liz, and when liz asks her to give the phone to leo and that she has something urgent to tell him, the call drops. she tries calling back several times, but fails. the woman on the phone hangs up on her, saying, don't call on this number ever. the level of oxygen drops to 21. liz gets the intravenous needles out of her hands and feet. she is trying to open the pod when she hallucinates, white mice all over her. liz reminds herself that it is not real and is just in her head. she agrees to a sedative and manages to get the injection off the machine. she tries to use the injection to open the pod somehow, but fails and starts panicking. more calls her again and tells her about the subpoena he got to get the codes from cryoselite. he also gives liz the news of getting information about her location. liz tries to tell him about the memory flashes of her husband, leo, but moreau refuses to believe her. he says, you are experiencing a psychotic episode induced due to isolation. war prisoners also experience this. just try to focus on the reality in your body. she takes the needle and tries inducing pain to trigger her memories. she remembers sitting with leo, asking him if he was ready to try to have children. leo smiles and kisses her. she then asks moreau, for how long i have been missing? moreo tells her that no one reported her missing, and she was active on social media a few days before, she asks moreau to find her husband, but moreau tells her she was not married according to the record available. milo searches for leo ferguson, but ends up finding no results in the database. moreau tries convincing her by saying, leo was not real. you are just seeing things that don't exist. liz suspects moreau of hiding something. more tries talking to her about her saying, you played basketball in college and you were good at it. you received a doctorate in bioengineering, grants and awards. you were born in stockholm and raised by your mother alone. liz again gets some memory flashes and adds to the conversation, saying, my mother's name was alice. i remember her. maro tells her that it was not alice, but isabelle. he further says, you went to oxford in paris to study. liz suspects moreau of hiding something. when he delays giving her the codes, she drops the call and sees leo in a hospital coughing. moreau tries to call her again, but liz keeps on rejecting the call. she asks milo to replay the voice recording from the last 30 seconds. she listens to the recording and hears someone saying to mero, tell her she is seeing things and all of this is in her head. milo informs her of another incoming call, which is from the woman who hung up on her earlier. the woman says, it was not supposed to happen this way. something must have gone wrong. you must listen to me. i can help you. liz continues asking about leo, but the woman refuses to tell her about him until she confirms leo is dead. liz gets the authentication code from the woman and is about to unlock the pod when she decides to give 10 seconds to her to explain herself. the woman says, you were not supposed to find this out this way and directs liz to put the centrifuge controller on zero. liz does what she says and finds herself floating in the pod. she realizes she is in space and is shocked. the woman says, we are running out of time, and you will soon be beyond our range of communication satellites. you were placed in hyper sleep, but something interrupted it. i cannot bring you home, even though i have designed the system. maybe we can put you back to hyper sleep and give you a chance of surviving. the woman tells her that they were planning to colonize a planet, wolf 10 to 61, which is 14 light years away from the earth. she says, you are the only one left. your hive transporter has not yet engaged its nuclear-powered thrusts. you have to act fast. liz is confused and scared at the same time, and demands to know why the woman was carrying out this mission. the woman tells her about the human race going to die after two generations. she says, we can't let this information go public, or there will be absolute chaos. moreau had no choice and he had to do what he did. the woman also tells her about the government involvement in the matter, and they were just wasting her time until the oxygen completely depleted. liz asks her, if i was the main part of the project, why not just tell me the truth? the woman tells her, as she was missing her memories, telling the truth was not an option due to the risk involved. liz is disappointed to know that moreau and the people were trying to keep her from triggering her memories and were trying to kill her. the woman further tells her leo was killed due to the virus that killed millions of people. liz discovers that she has been in hyper sleep for almost 12 years. the woman gives her all the instructions to get back to hyper sleep, and liz starts following them. while the woman is explaining the process to liz, the rangers enter her place, and she says to liz, you have all the answers. try triggering your memories. just remember leo. she hangs up the phone, and liz tries doing what she said. she gives herself electric shock to get back her memories, and sees leo dying. she has a vision of doctors giving cpr to leo. she remembers leo saying, don't worry, we will meet again. the oxygen level drops to six percent. liz asks milo to calculate the life of omicron 267, when the oxygen will run out. milo says omicron 267 will last three minutes after oxygen depletion. liz considers the possibility of decompression, but finds out she will only have a few painful seconds in space after the oxygen depletion. she asks milo to get details of other immigrants. milo tells her to specify the omicron due to their large number of 10 000 units. milo fetches some information for liz and tells her omicron is a lost one like 267 others. she asks milo to show her omicron 42. milo removes the organic cocoon and reveals leo's face. she is relieved to see him alive, but notices the scar gone on his forehead. she suspects something fishy and opens videos of elizabeth hansen. she realized she developed a technique to transfer memories without contaminating the genetic human reproduction. liz shouts and cries, saying, i am a clone. i have never been outside this box. i am disposable material. why did you do this to me? she asks milo to record a message for omicron 42. she gets emotional about the memories she had with leo. she says, you made it, and my time is running out now, i never got a chance to see you laugh or breathe closer to me. i just want to know you i never got a chance to do so, but maybe we can do it over drinks. she says, i can't die. she tries getting into hyper sleep. milo activates euthanasia protocol due to a non-existent chance of survival. but elizabeth's clone manages to deactivate it and successfully diverts the functions of the processor. and is put back in hypersleep. she injects the intravenous p1 and p2 and gets the umbilical ring functional. she puts on the cerebral activity monitor, and the reanimation starts. milo tells her that it will take approximately 34 years for omicron 267 to reach the planet. as liz goes to sleep, the movie ends with the clones of elizabeth hansen and leo ferguson, standing on the planet wolf embracing each other. 