hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie. don't listen 2020. as the film starts, we are shown a man named daniel. at that time, daniel was taking out the ball of his son from the pool. then we are shown the son of daniel. something was happening strange to him for a few days. that is that he listens to the horror voices at night. due to it, he couldn't sleep. because of this, the nature of daniel's son was changing. he remained silent, and his behavior with his parents was also not good. after seeing the condition of their son, his parents call a physiatrist. that doctor talks to the son of daniel. then that boy tells the doctor about those voices he listens at night. daniel's son says that voices ask me to draw a painting and to make a drawing. these things seem weird to that doctor. that doctor tells his parents that these are just his imaginations, nothing else than this. recently, you are shifted to a new house. that's why your kid is feeling alone. after telling all these things, the doctor leaves from there. but then weird voices come from that doctor's car on the other side, daniel's son was making a drawing. during driving, a fly moves into the doctor's ear. due to it, that doctor feels irritation. then doctor's eyes were filled with tears. her condition gets worse. meanwhile, the car loses its balance. that car collapses with a tree. a branch of the tree stabs into the doctor's mouth. and that doctor dies badly. when she dies, that fly moves out of her ear. then it flies. daniel's son had also completed his drawing. in the painting which he draws, it is shown that the branches of the tree are bleeding. the father of that kid, daniel, sees that there are many flies in the small part of the wall. daniel was irritated by the flies, and he was trying to make them fly with the spray. but then daniel's son calls him. he says, father, come and help me. please take out the ball from the pool. then daniel takes out his son's ball. with it, he asks his son, don't go near the pool now. then daniel's wife calls her son for the shower. that kid was also listening to the strange voices in the washroom from the wakitaki after it, that kid asks his mother that his father doesn't love him. does he hate me? on it? his mother replies that, no, son, there is nothing like that. your father loves you a lot. at night, daniel's wife asks daniel that did you say anything to the kid on it? daniel says that, no, i didn't say anything. here daniel understands that his son said something to his mother. that's why he tries to make his wife understand that our son is alone, that's why he is behaving like this. when someone will become his friend in school, he will be normal. at the midnight, some horrible and strange voices were coming from near the pool. due to it, daniel wakes up. he goes to close the gate. but when daniel leaves, he sees that his son was talking with someone on the walkie-talkie. in that kid's room, suddenly, his toy plays. that kid turns off the toy, but then he sees behind the curtain. he realizes that someone is standing behind the curtain. due to it, he gets scared and goes back to his bed. but then that kid feels that slowly someone is moving towards him. suddenly, someone holds his face but during this, daniel's hand hits the photo frame. it falls down and breaks. due to it, daniel's hand was wounded and starts bleeding. the next day, daniel's wife comes and tells him that our kid had been suspended from school because he did a strange thing in the school. he hides there in a cupboard, and he also bites the principal. so her mother says, that the doctor will come every day to meet you. that kid answers that the doctor is dead. hearing it, his parents thought that our kid is talking uselessly. but then, after some time, daniel receives a call. he comes to know that doctor was actually dead. but then they think that someone maybe told our son in the school about the death of that doctor. at night, that kid was again hearing some voices from that walkie talkie. while hearing those voices, he was also making a drawing. then we see the soul of a lady in that kid's room. that was the one who was irritating them tonight. some voices were also heard near the pool. then to check, daniel goes outside. he feels something strange outside. he takes his gun with him. going there, he finds the clothes of his son. due to it, he gets worried. he runs towards the pool while listening to daniel's voice. his wife also wakes up. she goes to her son's room to check him. she doesn't find her son there. when daniel arrives near the pool, he finds the dead body of his son in the pool while swimming. daniel immediately takes his son's body outside. he comes to know that his son is dead. after losing their son, his parents were sad. then his mother decides to go to her mother's house for few days. then she packs her luggage. suddenly, she sees the pillow. there was a blood spot on that pillow. she thinks that it will be the mark of the injury of daniel's hand. when daniel's wife leaves from there. then he was watching those videos. when they newly shifted in this house, their son was excited to come into this house. daniel gets sad while seeing those videos. then daniel hears the voices around him. he turns off the tv and about to leave from there. but then the tv automatically turns on. daniel again, turns off the tv. he comes outside and says hello on the walkie talkie, but he doesn't get any response from the other side. then daniel sends a voice message to her wife to know about her. there was noise in that voice message. so his wife calls him. his wife asks that, are you okay? because there were strange voices in your voice message. when the call ends, daniel listens to that voice message. this time he gets shocked. after listening to that voice note. then to hear the voice accurately, he listens to that voice after upgrading his laptop. this time he hears the voice of his son. he was asking for help. here, daniel feels these all things paranormal. before the death of his son, daniel had watched the interview of the paranormal investigator. then he goes to meet that paranormal investigator. he tells him about all the incidents which happened in his house. he also tells him about his son's voices. he asks for help from that paranormal investigator. at first he refuses, but daniel makes him agree to help him. then that paranormal investigator arrives at daniel's house with his daughter. the name of that paranormal investigator's daughter was ruth. after going there. ruth sets the cameras in the whole house. then after setting all things, they try to listen to the voices in that house. but then ruth sees someone was sitting in the room. she tells this to her father. she says that daniel is showing on the camera. asks him to go outside. ruth's father says that he can't be daniel, because daniel is sitting outside. ruth's father goes to that room to check, but he didn't see anyone there. he listens to the voice of her daughter, ruth. she was saying her father to leave that room as soon as possible, because that ghost, that soul, was near her father. ruth's father doesn't see anyone there. then after some time, a loud sound produces in her father's headphones. due to it, he gets nervous and scared, seeing all this. ruth's father says that something supernatural or paranormal is happening here. so to check this thing, we will again try tomorrow at night. ruth's father sees someone outside the room. he comes out. while following the thing, ruth's father sees that there was his wife, who was dead. so he tries to talk to her, but ruth's mother traps her husband. she also gives him food and wine. she says that we will stay together always. then she cuts the hand of ruth's father with a sharp knife. but ruth comes there and brings her father back in his senses. after coming to his senses, he sees that he is cutting his hand himself. on the other side, we see that daniel's wife received someone's call. she listens to the call, and there was his son on the call. he was saying to her mother that his father had brought someone at home to harm him. daniel's wife asks him that, son, where are you right now? on it, that kid says that, i am hiding under my bed. after hearing his son's voice, daniel's wife decides to go back home as soon as possible. coming outside, ruth sees that there were the dead bodies of the cats were hanging on a tree. when daniel was burying the dead bodies of those cats, his wife comes there. she asks daniel that what are they doing here? why they come here? a lady calls ruth near her. she tells the reality of that house. she asks her to leave this place because it is dangerous. daniel's wife seeing her son under the bed. after some time, daniel's wife sees her son. she was about to go to her son, but that kid immediately goes under the bed. when his mother sees under the bed, she sees the feet of someone on the other side of the bed. those feet were now coming to the bed. but when she sees on the bed, there was none due to it. daniel's wife gets scared. that's why she tries to escape from there. but then she finds a lady behind her. that lady puts a hand on her mouth. then ruth's father tells daniel about this house, that many years before, a witch was tortured and killed in this house. the dead bodies of cats that are found are actually used in black magic or ritual during this daniel's wife hangs herself and commits suicide. she jumps from the window here. after the death of daniel's wife, her ear was also bleeding, and a fly also comes out of her ear. after his son losing his wife, daniel becomes sad. he decides that i will come to know that who killed my wife and son. then suddenly, daniel sees his wife and his son. but as he takes off, the curtain. they disappear from there. then suddenly, that ghost attacks daniel. ruth was seeing the footage of daniel's wife. she notices that when daniel's wife hanged herself, that ghost was also there at that time. then they hear the voice of the fire from the walkie-talkie. they hurriedly go there and try to relax daniel. then ruth's father tells daniel that the witch was tortured here under this house, on it daniel says, i know the way to go that place. daniel breaks that wall, where were the flies? after breaking the wall, they find a secret place. there, there was also a skeleton of a witch. after touching that skeleton, ruth's father comes to know that how that witch was being tortured. then they decide to burn the skeleton of that witch. ruth's father sprinkles the petrol on that skeleton. he asks ruth to wait outside. but as he goes underground, the flashlight stopped working. that witch attacks ruth's father. ruth calls her father many times, but no voice comes from inside. then ruth sees her mother. she was dead, but she was calling ruth near her. ruth understands the whole thing, that this is the trick of the ghost of that witch. so she doesn't go to her mother. due to it, her mother disappears from there. after it, the witch comes into its real getup and starts frightening ruth. daniel was searching for the petrol. then he sees his wife and son. they asked daniel that will he live with them? hearing it, daniel hugs them, but actually they weren't his wife and son. that was the witch. and he was hugging the witch. that was a trick of the witch. daniel was entrapped by the witch. that's why he sprinkles petrol on himself. he was about to set himself on fire to live for his wife and son, for always. ruth's father was doing preparations to burn that skeleton. but then ruth comes there and attacks her father. she stops him to do this because she was possessed by that witch. then at the same time, ruth's father succeeds to set that skeleton on fire. due to it, ruth comes to her senses. now she was normal. daniel was also saved. everything was normal. now, daniel was watching the drawing made by his son. he sees that the method of everyone's death was already decided. that how will someone die. while seeing a drawing, daniel remembers something. he remembers that night when he hears the voice. he remembers that he was also possessed by a fly. he killed his son while drowning him in the pool. when he slept, that flight came out from his ear, and a drop of blood fell on that pillow. his wife was thinking that was the blood of his wound. after knowing all this, daniel feels sad. he was sad and also regretting what he had done. that's why he goes near the pool and kills himself while shooting himself with a gun. here we come to know that daniel's son had drawn the method of his father and his own death already. then we see that which was seeing daniel. this means that it was not dead. it was still alive. means they couldn't finish that witch. then we see ruth and her father. they were seeing the footage of someone. there was a girl in that footage, and she was possessed by a soul. means now they will help that girl with it. this movie ends here. thank you for watching. subscribe. and don't forget to hit the bell icon. 