most of earth human population has been annihilated by blind creatures with hypersensitive hearing that attack anything that makes noise. they are covered in armor, which protects them from bullets and explosive the abbott family, wife, evelyn, husband, lee, death, daughter reagan and sons, marcus and boo, silently scavenged for supplies in a desert town, going barefoot. while out in the open, the family communicates in american sign language. four-year-old bro has drowned a battery power space subtle toy, but lee takes it away due to the noise it will make. reagan returns the toy to beau, who also takes the batteries that his father removed from it. when the family walking home, beau activates the toy, giving away his location to a nearby creature that kills sims before lee can save him. over a year later, reagan struggles with guilt over her brother's death. evelyn enters the final state of pregnancy and life ruthlessly tries to make radio contact with the outside world. lee attempts to upgrade dragon color implant with scavenge miniature amplifiers to restore her hearing. but the device are ineffective. later, lee takes marcus to a nearby river with a large waterfall to teach him how to fish, while reagan abandons her mother to visit bow memorial. lee explains to marcus that they are safe from the creatures in the presence of louder and constant sounds, as the sounds mess over their voice and do not attract creatures. marcus says that reagan blames herself for both death and needs her father to tell her he still loves her. along at the house, evelyn goes into labor. while making her way to their basement, she accidentally steps on an exposed snail and dropped a glass picture frame that alerts a nearby creature. evelyn flips a switch that changes the exterior house lights to red as a signal to the others and struggle to remain silent during her contraction. arriving at the farm and seeing the lights, lynn struck marcus to set off fireworks as a diversion. lee finds evelyn hiding in the bathroom with their newborn son, and along with evelyn, makes his way to their improvised sunproof basement. lee leaves to find the other children. promising evelyn he will protect them. evelyn then falls asleep, but soon wakes up to discover that the burn basement is flooded with water from a broken pipe, and that the creature is inside with her. reagan takes refugee atop a grand silo with marcus like thing of fire to alert their father of their whereabouts. however, they run out of lighter flute and the fire dies before they can attract lee's attention. a hatch door then suddenly gives away, and marcus falls into the silo. the sound of the door falling distract the creature that was stalking evelyn and its targets marcus and reagan. reagan, who has jumped in after marcus, sinks into the corn and nearly suffocates, but marcus saves her. dragon color implant reacts to the proximity of the creature by emitting a high frequency sound that drives it away. the children escape from the silo and reunite with their father. the creature returns, attacking unwoundingly, while marcus and reagan hide in the pickup truck. after seeing his father wounded, marcus thought impulsively attracting the creature to the truck. lee signs to reagan that he loves her and always asks before yelling, to draw the creature away from his children. hearing his voice, the creature attacks and kills him. reagan and marcus roll the truck down a hill to escape and ruin it with evelyn and the baby at the farmhouse. the four retreat to the basement. when the crystal returns, reagan realized that the sound made by implant distressed the creatures, switch the device back on and place it on a nearby microphone. painfully disoriented, the creature exposed the flesh beneath its armor head, allowing evelyn to finally shoot it with a shotgun. the family fused a cctv monitor showing two critters attacked by the noise of the shotgun blast, approaching the house. with their newly acquired knowledge of the creature's weakness. the member of the family armed himself and prepared to fight back. 