[Music], hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a zombie horror film, the night eats the world. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. sam, a broke musician living in paris, visits his ex-girlfriend someday to recover music tapes left in her possession. the ex-girlfriend, who's busy holding a party at her apartment, however, has no time to treat and answer sam. she brushes sam off several times before telling him the tapes are in her study room, unfit to such a noisy party. sam heads to the study room immediately, but is accidentally bumped by the partygoer. once he reaches there, he gets a nose bleeding and then passes out on the sofa, to his total ignorance of the subsequent screaming sounds erupting outside. the next morning, same wakes up and is about to leave with his music tapes. to his surprise, he sees nobody there, but only finds the apartment trash with bloodstains all over the walls and floors. shocked by such chaos, he ventures into the stairway slowly, but discovers his zombified ex-girlfriend, who charges at him. once catching sight of a living human, sam shuts the door right away and locks himself in the apartment, where, through the window he's terrified to see people being hunted in the apartments across the street, and the death of a family on the street as well, who attempt to escape in their car in fear of the walking dead on the street. sam decides to stay in the apartment, seemingly the only safe place so far. he cleans up the floor until he's aware of some noises downstairs, and gets frightened up by a shotgun blast piercing the floor. looking through the hole, he discovers a neighbor below has committed suicide with a hole made big enough for him. sam searches down and finds that the old man shot himself after he killed his infected wife. sam retrieves their shotgun and ventures outside scrupulously. after finding the zombies in the stairway gone off to the street, he quickly closes the doors to the building to seal himself inside, believing that he has to stay long in the apartment. he then explores the building's units one by one for food supplies, music, instruments and any valuable materials for any apartment with zombies, he seals it up and marks it for safe later, he finds a zombified old man in the building's lift. he then binds the gate up. facing a worse situation. in the following days, sam realizes that he has to minimize his daily consumption of the remaining supplies as his loneliness increases. by the time, he chooses to entertain himself with some loud music, which, however, drives all the zombies to the building. as an alternative to the loud music, he turns to practice shooting the zombies with color bullets. as the human city collapses and the winter approaches, sam has to deal with the water and heat shortage himself in the building. fortunately, he figures out a way to collect rain water and create a fireplace for heat. but sam's mental state continues to decline due to the isolation. he's haunted by nightmares, dreaming of his being attacked and eaten up by zombies. trying to keep healthy, physically and mentally, he takes exercise in the building and talks to the zombie old man locked in the lift, who can actually speak, but seems far more lonely than human. as a result, they develop a special bond over the periods. someday, he sees a stray cat wandering among the walking dead, attempting to capture it as his companion. sam risked his life venturing out for the cat, but to no avail. what's worse, he almost gets killed by the coming zombies. eventually, he fights his way back to the apartment, but he's later frightened to notice the injuries in his leg, presumably caused by the zombies during the struggle. sam attempts to kill himself before he changes into a zombie, but fails his attempt. later, after learning that he's actually not infected by the virus, he turns joyful and rewards himself with a hot bath. someday, when he happens to see that the zombies down on the street are all gone, sam walks out of the building, attempting to explore the outside world, driven by his fears of the unknown dangers. however, he hesitates for a while and returns to the building, a comfort zone that he's already been familiar with. he then tests how far away the zombies are by loudly playing a drum set, which, however, causes the walking dead to return in swarms and nearly climb onto the apartment's balcony in rage and despair. sam continues to play loud before them, despite the danger. later that night, while sam is still overwhelmed by the environmental isolation and mental emptiness, he hears some suspicious movement outside his bedroom door. believing that it's the zombie, he fires the shotgun through it, but later realizes he shot a human girl by mistake. sam attempts to give emergency medical aid to the badly injured girl, who, however, passes out due to the great pain. sam blames himself for what he just did to the girl. but the next day, morning, he finds the girl recovers from her injury and explains to him that she makes her survival with the ropes and grapple hooks she uses to jump between rooftops to avoid the attack from the walking dead on the streets. sam is super delighted with the girl's arrival, which rekindles his hope for life. at least right now he can talk to a real female person, rather than the old male zombie. he knows this is the best chance for him to win her heart. in the present eden garden with that born mind. he builds his hormones with more exercise and more exercise, pleases the girl with delicious food and fine music, and even risked his life to retrieve supplies from the lowest apartment occupied by zombies. the girl, however, unwilling to stay in such an eating garden forever, tells sam that he'll either die or go insane if he doesn't leave the apartment building. while sam believes there's no other safer place to stay for humans, he then brushes her off, but later roulettes. as he returns and tries to say sorry to the girl, he only finds the girl's rotten body on the bed. it's revealed that the girl has long been dead due to his gunfire, and his conversations with her were just hallucination. sam is brought suddenly back to reality and falls into great sorrow for the loss of the girl. with a camera found from her bag, sam gets to know the girl has actually observed him for a long time before she finally made up her mind to pay a hormone visit to sam, the only man left in this district. alright, this is why i hate the non-hormone film so much. the girls just gone dead, right before i could find any new words for their upcoming human routine. okay, this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. enraged by his own stupidness, sam decides to leave the goddamned place for an unknown world. he then sets the tapes on fire and releases the old man out of the lift, who just walks away and doesn't attack sam due to the long-term relationship built with sam. the burning tapes set off a fire alarm, which drives the outside zombies crazy. they go on a rampage and begin to attack the building. they soon break down the doors and rush inside for any human flesh, killing several and avoiding their violent scratches. sam retreats to the left and has a narrow escape from the rampaging zombies. he then reaches the apartment right below his ex-girlfriends, where he has a real hard time getting rid of zombies who chased behind tightly by following his smelly hormones built from his too much exercise previously. with no time to regret that, sam rushes to climb up back to the ex-girlfriend's apartment, where, undercover of the strong smoke, he hides up his smelly hormones, makes his way successfully through the zombies and finally comes to the rooftop. with all courage built up, he ties himself to the rope and swings across the street to the next building, whose counter forces, however, knock him out badly. a few hours later, sam regains his consciousness, finding himself still hung in the air. he then climbs to the rooftop where he stares out into the seemingly endless skyline of the city. from the tapping sound of some medals, he believes that there must be some other survivors in the far distance. hope today you all have learned how to escape from the zombie more efficiently. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 