listen. so there's a lot of scary movies coming out alongside scary stories to tell in the dark, including Hulu and blum houses into the dark. so pretty much, everything's just getting really dark. so I figured I'd share a couple of my thoughts on some of them. let me explain. so growing up, I didn't read scary stories to tell in the dark, which is what I'm going to start off with. I was living it. that's where I passed by like your ona's house twelve times as a kid goofing off in Mexico. but this is considered to be one of the most censored books of all time. regardless of if it made it to your Scholastic Book Fair, this thing has topped several lists since parents deemed them to be so violent that if it ever was made into a movie, they'd be rated R because of all of the graphic violence. well, see, I'm not against something being pg-13. I don't want the unnecessary rated art Gore just for the hell of it either. but when scenes were legit cut from a movie called scary stories because I didn't want it to be too scary, I don't know, you know, but considering Thiel Guillermo got the director of troll hunters to help me. I knew it would look pretty good. and I do think the effects in the movie are the best part of it. I just, I don't know about combining the short stories for a single narrative, if that was the best option, it felt more like wish upon and Polaroid, which released. I wish they would have just kept it as an anthology series, you know, perhaps gone the route of a miniseries. and not only could have been creepier, but, you know, you could have been freaked out. at a home in San aber hood, bullies car as a part of a crappy prank. and they feel euphoric about it, until Tommy whoops them. Stella is also a part of the group, and she's been obsessed with writing stories ever since her mom left her alone to feed her dad minerals. so it's just been these three who have kind of been Outsiders their group of friends, my cousin, who would be walking around with a switchblade. as they all go into this creepy, haunted house where, legend has it there was this really big family known as the bellows, and they had a daughter named Sarah who was treated worse than Harry Potter, to the point that they didn't even have pictures of her. Tommy, the bully tries locking them inside the house. this doofus Chuck ends up in room 237. and before escaping, stolid decides to steal Sara's secret scary stories. like I said, the gimmick of an object causing torture because the script told a character to take it isn't my personal favorite. on top of that, I get that it's the moral of the story, but like Sara, Sara, your goofy ass was just as bad as your parents if you're taking it out on innocent kids just trying to break in. a Hollywood that said how they would only has room for one to me. and so it turns out that the book writes the story for you. since yet mo really liked his book from Pan's Labyrinth, and thought that hip cool thing to showcase here. and so we get the story of a heralded Scarecrow, which sees Tommy gets stuffed by that scarecrow as he consumes him, and I believe swaps places with him. I don't really know. this is the one that was skinned back a bit so it wouldn't be too grotesque. the one where a guy eats the big toe. I just, I was stupid. again, I love the effects for all of these, especially with this one where they have the performer, Javier both that who I mentioned in the past. man's a professional what he does? he's been Slenderman, key facing, insidious, the crooked man in conjuring. man played oz xenomorph. and here you scrape that, like he had this girl looking like the boyle kid from Fairly OddParents, and then reassembling itself, like it's Exodia. even scarier is the contortionist doing way too good of a job at his job. I want to point out that these moves are not done with wires or CGI. he can really move like that. [Applause]. a cop in the movie, like a true American, tries to shoot it, but does nothing. thanks. pretty much invincible, considering it gets pinned by a truck. and this is again where they just fail in it. like it's pinned by its torso, yet it could just dislocate all of its arms. and I guess the torso sets it free to again, the effects were way too good for the story that they had in this movie. see, if you've ever seen a dead photo presentation? you know, that he uses these creatures to really just represent other things, you know, from Catholicism to the Spanish Civil War to him winning an Oscar. the whole movie is a clear allegory for bad politicians, as we see with the overemphasis of Nixon, all the bullies, bad parenting, racist cops, pretty much alluding to the fact that our scariest stories aren't the ones that are fiction, but reality, and that the tales you tell end up defining you. which is, which is why I guess they ended on a cliffhanger, since they wanted that toe to be a sequel. overall, I think it's an okay movie. it's a rent it for me. I don't agree with it not being an intelligence. considering there's three books out already and another one to come. each one has 30 stories in it, it's clear this series isn't going to be fading into the dark anytime soon. I just wish they would have put it on HBO or Netflix. so even though Guillermo thinks anthologies aren't the way to go because they hinder the success of it, or something, these would disagree, Blum House clearly feels the opposite. they actually have an anthology TV series that's released monthly on Hulu. they're meant to coincide with the holiday for that month. so, you know, there's a Halloween episode titled the body that dealt with a hitman who accidentally ends up under wraps at a party after he kills someone. a Mother's Day one titled all that we destroy that sees a mom creating clones for her son so that he can purge out his assassin like urges. and of course, treehouse, surprisingly, directed by Shawn Spencer of Psych to coincide with the release of Captain Marvel. that said, I'm just gonna cover three of the most requested ones that I've gotten with full spoilers. so here are the timestamps in case you don't want to know that they all die at the end of each one. I'm [ __ ] with you, man, also because I sat through this episode. and, yeah, I am NOT a fan of like 50% of these. I'm just gonna cover three. so, pukas, directed by nacho vigeland, oh, who isn't a stranger to ontology 'he's he also did colossal, which is similar to this in terms of monsters and themes. and i always laugh every time i search of colosso because it always, it was reminds me of this quote that he had where he didn't want to just make a Godzilla movie. my man wanted to be in the Godzilla. soo anyways, he redirects the Christmas special dealing with a struggling actor who signs his life away to be the person behind the pooka masca. pretty much is like that new chucky doll. is this new tech slash pet thing that listens to you whenever it wants to, and then it repeats back phrases at random. it even has a naughty mode. for some reason, they make dude do the Oh a dance, and then, boom, he's cursed and becomes one with the suit. which is interesting, because if you really look closely into it, pukas origins are actually found in Celtic mythology. but what's even more interesting is that the scripted puka originates from the Ryan Reynolds led Benny Ofra in stay. it's just pretty much a reskin. see Wilson here, after selling his soul for the bag, asked his real estate lady named Melanie out and tries to befriend her son by beating up his friends at his party, where he's dressed up as pooka. in fact, Eagles full spider-man 3 with the Sioux as it starts wrecking his place and starts doing very much stranger things. it supposedly even threw his neighbour out the window, child's play style. you need to find who did this to her. pretty sure I'm looking at that person right now. this gritty 2.0 suit is really just a cover-up for some repressed guilt that he has, meaning that the entire episode that we've been watching is really just what this guy imagined in order to cope with what he did. because like the venom su you can see it as being representative of substance abuse and how this man was really addicted. because just like buca's random naughty mode, this dude had a temper, and I'm one of his outbursts was his family. it ended up getting them all killed. and so he creates this reality based off of his skits toy, where he turns his other victim into his roommate in order to live with that guilt. there's a reason he was quoting a Christmas carol. early on in the film, as he's being haunted by the ghosts of his past, are these the shadows of the things that will be, or are they the shadows of the things that may be only? and I think if this is the first time you've seen a story like this, you may very much like it. I definitely do like the themes in a lot of these into the dark episodes. I've just seen them done better and other things. I personally would recommend something like happy over on Netflix instead. it even has the same exclamation point, if that's what you're looking for. and while it does take a different approach to this type of storytelling, it's still very similar, and I would say, even more interesting. as for puka. simple, stream it from me. [Music]. now, this one was actually my personal favorite because it reminded me a lot of the movie Ingrid goes West, which I would recommend go check it out. it's actually written and directed by Sophia taka, who's also helming the upcoming black Christmas remake and even starred in one of the VHS anthologies as well. pretty much, this episode calls out influencers who come off as being positive when really they're just, they're just bullies. let me tell you, I've been to enough festivals where influencers are so cheap they try to swindle free stuff from booths for a shout-out. like boy girl, if you have a massive enough audience to call yourself an influencer, then you have enough to pay the good people for their services. here, the character of Danielle doesn't just Chanel her inner James Charles, but her self help channel. is kind of ironic, considering she pushed a girl named Kelsey into committing suicide. and so this girls night out turns out to be a coupe set up by these high school friends who are trying to ruin this bullies internet career. and you all know how much I love to zoom in on my shots, but the show's editor a new help Opie. these scenes were they just did it themselves. if you really pay attention to their stories, you realize that this episode is actually just like Mean Girls. but 10 years later, if these two decided enough is enough with Regina George. and while the message dealing with bullying is heavy, you know, it's crazy to think how easily people can mentally be manipulated. just because someone can abuse their influence. but that catfight at the end was still wild. Danielle's willing to kill to keep her secret, but Alexis wants to thrown more and sets up this crime scene in order to take Daniel spot as an influencer. apology and all I know, she just want me to move through this and live my fullest life. now, before we get started, please make sure you're wearing your protective glasses and your latex gloves, because I see. and so far, I think it's the best episode of the series. like I said, I would also recommend matches, watching this one, but watching Ingrid goes west. and if you like both of these, even check out cam over on Netflix, which i think is the best out of all three of them. overall, like I said, this is my favorite, and I can't wait to see Shane Dawson cover this. besides puka men, this episode was our second most requested, not just in the series, but like of a bunch of episodes, they decided to use the most American of all holidays and released a border patrol episode on July 4th. don't worry about what you've lost. think instead of that you've gained. and I'll say, I really like the themes in this one that play out on the American Dream. that said, I don't think it's as great as get out or a better life when it comes to the culture shock of the characters and how they find themselves in which seem to be something that a lot of people were hyping up. in fact, I would say the directors previous border crossing short, where they come across cannibals in the desert, is way more interesting than this Stepford Wives experiments. and it's not that it's bad. I just think that the Twilight Zone s style of the episode is really bombarded by his editing. like I I get sensory horror, village power, know, pretty much this is a good place, like experiments, where the government has taken a group of immigrants and is running tests on them. mighty soul, our main character, who is pregnant when the movie started, finds herself in lay a like a TV series where everything is too perfect and we start each day with a new dress, until she breaks on through to the other side. I'm not paying you to give them the American dream job. we're paid to keep the hood pretty much Creed compares this experiment of rounding up illegals as for-profit prisons. again, I really like the premise of this episode, even if the experiment seems, you know, less sustainable than the underground tunnels in US. but it just had a lot of exposition and weird editing, way more than our pure flix though. like, I know they say, show, don't tell, but I don't know what you're showing me. overall, the message is pretty clear, and I get the west-world purge like experiments, playing a black mirror like play on how absurd these situations can get. maybe just would have been better as a short and at a 90 minute episode. I think there are a lot of great movies this year that are tackling the subject from various angles that I would suggest, but that's for this one. I would also have to give it a streaming. other than that, there are more coming out, since, again, it's an anthology show, so I'll probably be doing another video in the future, breaking down whenever another good one comes out. but seeing as the new ones are thinking outside of the box and are tackling school spirit, which coincided with the first day of school, all I'm saying is that Hulu better have the balls to give us a black mare streaming episode in November, when the math starts taking note. thank you guys checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. let me know your favorite horror stuff down below, what you're looking forward to this year. another thing I do want to mention for scary stories, again, being a bigger fan of the technical aspects and the script itself, the composer did something very similar that was done in Steve Jobs the movie, which I really love. and that's that they switched up the score in between the short story segments. so, you know, at least they were in the mindset of doing it, kind of like an in tholly. I thought that was pretty cool, if you pay attention to it. I also really did like this scene right here. do you have? that? one of the very few scenes I've gone back to in culture shock. and that's mainly because, you know, you ever been to a gluten-free restaurant, they have the audacity to hand you that dessert menu. not get that away from me. old man canary? thoughts down below in the comments section? any horror movies that you're looking forward to? let me know, other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll make sure Sarah bellows doesn't write your ending 