you curious to know about the Star Wars universe, or in need of a refresher, here's everything you need to know. welcome back to your favorite procrastination station, dirty River. as always, I'm your host, Jordan Lewis. we got a lot to cover, so I'm gonna get right into it. I think the first order of business in understanding the world of Star Wars is knowing the order in which these films take place. the only thing that makes this a bit confusing is that the movies were essentially released out of order. these movies came out in the form of trilogies, but episodes four, five and six came before episodes one, two and three. now episodes four or five and six were caught the original trilogy, while one, two and three were called the prequel trilogy. I know I'm saying trilogy a lot, but bear with me. now, the most recent trilogy is part of what is called the sequel trilogy, which consists of episodes seven, eight and nine. episode nine hasn't been released yet, but it's set to be released in December of 2019. now, there are three important terms to know in the Star Wars universe, so you won't get confused, first the Force, which is like a spiritual power that allows some people to do cool things, such as move stuff with their minds. secondly, the Jedi, who were generally the good guys. and lastly, the Sith, who are the bad guys who use the force for evil. so here's a fair warning to anyone who hasn't seen these films, as it should be pretty freakin obvious. this chronological recap contains heavy spoilers, but that's why you're here anyways. so let's get into it, starting with episode 1, The Phantom Menace. after two Jedi are sent to negotiate a trade dispute between the Galactic Republic and the Trade Federation, they escape after being set up and end up on a remote planet called Tatooine, where they meet a slave boy named Anakin Skywalker. the older Jedi, qui-gon jinn, senses the force in this young boy. after the boy's freedom is won in an epic pod race, qui-gon jinn takes him to the Jedi Council to ask permission to train him, where his apprenticeship is rejected. after qui-gon jinn is killed in the final battle, and Anakin ultimately helps the Republic defeat the Trade Federation. the younger Jedi, obi-wan Kenobi, is granted permission from the Jedi Council to train young Anakin in the ways of the force. episode two, attack of the clones brings in an older Anakin was given the tasks to protect a loyal Republic senator Padme, whose life is in danger from an assassin, who obi-wan Kenobi tracks later, revealing the Jedi have ordered the creation of a clone army. while all of this is going on, Anakin's mom is murdered, which makes him channel the dark side. this film is political conspiracy to the fullest. after a former Jedi, Count Dooku, yes that's his name, Count Dooku, betrays his order and sparks a revolt against the Republic, resulting in an all-out war between his droid army and the mind controlled Clone Army. Owen - episode 3, which is definitely the most interesting of the prequel trilogy, where it begins with obi-wan Kenobi and a little older Anakin rescuing the Chancellor after he had been captured. the Chancellor takes advantage of Anakin's temptation to the dark side and persuades Anakin to kill Count Dooku. later in the film, after Anakin is haunted with nightmares of Padme, his love, dying giving childbirth, and the Chancellor bragging to Anakin that he knows ways to cheat death by harnessing the dark side, Anakin saves the Chancellor yet again, but this time he saves him from his fellow Jedi's attempt to arrest the Chancellor, after they found out he is indeed the Sith Lord that has been behind everything, and it can betrays the Jedi Order in efforts to save Padme from death. the Chancellor then ordered the execution of order 66, which turned the clone army against their Jedi commanders, which pretty much wiped out all Jedi. and the tense alert old Anakin to kill the younglings - only a few Jedi survived, including Jedi Master Yoda. in the end, obi-wan Kenobi is forced to battle Anakin on a molten lava planet, where he defeats him, leaving him to die. what's the left of Anakin is Savage by the Chancellor, and he saves Anakin by putting him in the infamous suit. and Darth Vader is born. Padme goes on to die after giving birth to twins, Luke and Leia, who are separated and hidden from the new evil empire. now after this Romanian chronological order comes a Star Wars anthology film called rogue one. but for the sake of keeping it simple, let's just call this episode 3.5, taking place many years after episode 3. this follows the story of jyn erso, who was the daughter of Galen er. so why is he important? was the lead engineer for the Empire's deadliest weapon, the Deaf star, which is a planet-sized Space Station with the capability to destroy planets after dinner. so discovers her dad sabotage his own creation, and she is the only one that can stop it. she teams up with a group of rebel fighters to go on the ultimate highest, stealing the plans for the Death Star and giving them to the Rebel Alliance, who was led by Darth Vader's daughter, Princess Leia. now we move on to Episode four, which is literally the first Star Wars movie ever, taking place directly after the events of rogue or. Leia, however, manages to put the stolen plan showing the vulnerability of the Death Star into r2d2, before Darth Vader attacked the rebel ship and captured his own daughter. the droids r2d2 and c3po end up escaping and eventually getting sold to a farmer on a planet called Tatooine. that farmers adopted son is actually Luke Skywalker, Anakin son. after his home and family are destroyed, Luke leaves with a town hermit who is actually obi-wan Kenobi, who has been watching over young Luke all these years. after realizing what the evil empire is planning and being in possession of the droid who has a plans to destroy the Death Star. Luke and obi-wan team up with an infamous smuggler named Han Solo, who captain's the fastest ship in the galaxy, the Millennium Falcon, and they set off to deliver the plans to the Rebel Alliance. after being captured by the Empire, obi-wan ultimately gives his life to give Luke the chance to escape, so he can help the rebels destroy the Death Star, which he successfully does. now, episode 5, which is a fan favorite of the entire franchise, after receiving a message from the force ghost of obi-wan Kenobi. Luke Skywalker sets out to sync training in ways of the force from Jedi Master Yoda, who was in self-imposed exile on a planet called Dagobah. after realizing that Leia and Han Solo are in trouble, Luke ditches his training sessions with Yoda and heads right into yet another trap. Darth Vader cuts off half of Luke's arm in a lightsaber duel, and then reveals to Luke that he is indeed his father. yes, it goes down. in comes episode 6, where Luke and Leia are on a rescue mission to save Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt. and some very iconic means, the rescue is a success, and Luke travels back to Dagobah to train some more with Jedi Master Yoda. all the while, the Empire is attempting to build another Death Star. our familiar band of misfits tries to stop it. once again, Luke is captured by Darth Vader and brought to the Emperor. the Emperor, desiring a new apprentice, tries to persuade Luke to kill his own father. Luke says, nah, I'm good, bruh. after declaring that he is a Jedi, just like his father, Darth Vader kills the Emperor. then, redeemed, he dies in the arms of his son. the rebels destroy the second attempt of a Death Star, and celebration begins. set thirty years later, after those events, comes episode 7. Luke Skywalker is nowhere to be found. the Rebel Alliance has now called the resistance, led by general Leia, and the Empire has reformed into what is now called the first order. one of the main bad guys within the first order is kylo Ren. who get this is Han Solo. in general Leia son in comes a new hero for a new generation, Rey, who is a force sensitive woman on a remote planet. she teams up with heroes both old and new to help stop the first orders plan to build yet another planet destroying machine. seriously, these guys need an intervention. through their successful efforts to destroy this new weapon, though, kylo Ren ultimately kills his own father, han Solo, stabbing him with a lightsaber. to end this movie, the rebels discovered the coordinates of Luke Skywalker's location, and Rey is sent there to seek him out and trained to become a Jedi. now the most recent Star Wars film, - grace movie, theatres is episode 8. this picks up right where episode 7 left off. and Rey convinces a reluctant, stubborn Luke Skywalker in self-imposed exile, sound familiar to show her how to control her abilities with the force. meanwhile, kylo Ren is leading an assault on what remains of the resistance. back with Rey in Luke Skywalker, after discovering that Luke was practically responsible for kylo ren's turned to the dark side, Rey leaves to help the resistance and possibly turn kylo Ren to the light side. it being a trap, of course, orchestrated by the leader of the first order, Supreme Leader, Snoke. Rey is brought to Snoke by kylo Ren snow then starts talking mad kylo Ren, and then Carlos luckily assassinates him with a lightsaber, leading to an unexpected team-up of Rey and kylo as they fight off snoke's remaining guards. kylo tries to sway, ready to join him. right finally comes to grips that kylo Ren is irredeemable. kylo leaves a final attack on the resistance, last stand, where he encounters the man that he hates most, Luke Skywalker. they have a lightsaber duel, and embarrassing kylo in every way. it is revealed that kylo hasn't been fighting Luke, but merely a force ghost of loop while he has been on the island. he trained Rey. the whole time, he was just a diversion. while the last the resistance escaped with Rey on the Millennium Falcon. the energy it took to create that illusion was too much for Luke Skywalker's body to handle, and he dies at peace on the same island he trained Rey. now the resistance lives on, and future generations have hoped that one day the first order will be stopped. so what do you think? Star Wars fans, which has been your favorite movie of the franchise so far? personally, mine is episode 4, a new hope. let me know yours down in the comment section below. thanks for taking the time to watch. and if you enjoyed this video, give it a huge thumbs up. and don't forget to subscribe to see more content like this. until next time, nerd river, we out here. 