[Music], welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain alive. this movie tells the story of a gamer who locks himself inside his apartment when a grisly virus ravages his town. just as he loses hope, he discovers another survivor will they finally survive the zombie attack? let's find out and alive. alive began when ojunwu just woke up. june wu lives with his family in an apartment. that morning, he finds a piece of paper with a message from his mother that there is no food at home, and tells him to go shopping with his brother. he ignores his mother's message and instead plays an online game. in the middle of the game, one of his friends tells him to watch the television news broadcast because there is an emergency situation. he then checked his cell phone, which displayed an emergency warning from the government. joonwu looks out the window and sees people who are trying to save themselves from zombie attacks. the situation around his apartment building became chaotic. junwu is about to go out to check on the situation when he hears a commotion at his apartment door suddenly, a man barged into his apartment. the man claims to be his neighbor and asks for help, but junwu tells him to get out. the man finally agrees to leave, but he asks permission to go to the toilet. while waiting for the man to come out of the toilet, he turns on the television and watches breaking news that the entire city has been infected with a deadly zombie virus. people who have been infected with the zombie virus will show symptoms such as bleeding in the eyes and bite scars. june immediately took a kitchen knife from the drawer and directly pointed it at his neighbor, who had just come out of the bathroom. the man panicked and kept trying to defend himself, but his eyes turned red. then attacked. chunwu, not wanting to be eaten by zombies, junmu pushes him as hard as he can out of his apartment. another zombie, who was fatter, immediately pounced on the man. seeing the horror in front of his eyes, junwoo decided to isolate himself in his apartment. he locked all the windows and blocked the door with a refrigerator. after checking his cell phone, he gets a text message from his mother informing him that she is taking shelter in a fairly safe place and can't go home for a while. joonwoo then sorts his food into small portions to save the remaining food supply in his apartment. the next day, junwoo posted a video on social media that he was a survivor in his apartment and needed help. he checks the posts of other people who also survived. in one video, a man can be seen hanging from his window, looking for a cell phone signal. but the man suddenly falls. june would then takes his drone and attaches his cell phone to the drone to look for a signal. the drone was successfully flown, and his cell phone caught the signal. but not long after, the drone's battery ran low and fell. annoyed, he plays games to entertain himself, but the internet connection in his apartment suddenly cut off. that night, junwoo hears a noise at his door. it turns out that there is a zombie who managed to break down the door and is now behind the refrigerator. he tries to hold on to the refrigerator. but the hungry zombie out matches his strength. junwood then lures the zombie by running to the apartment balcony and jumping outside. the zombie, who was deceived by his trick, end up falling outside the building and died instantly down there. june wu sees the zombie swarms multiplying the situation in his apartment became very messy because of the zombie. junwu feels very desperate after seeing his grocery supplies splatter on the floor. he then made a vlog on his channel that told about his experience of surviving zombie attacks. on the seventh day, junmu is still having trouble getting a cell phone signal, and the clean water supply in his apartment starts to run out. june woo finally drinks his father's whiskey to save water. on the 10th day, junemu makes a vlog and says that his water and food supplies are running low. he then remembers that his mother often listens to the radio on her cell phone. even without a cell phone signal, junwu tries to find the latest information through an emergency radio broadcast. but before that, he had to connect a 3.5 millimeter connector to his cell phone because the connectors serve as an antenna to pick up fm radio signals. he went into his room, took out all the earphones he had, but alas, he only has wireless headphones. on the fifteenth day, joonwu, who seemed to enjoy his self-isolation, felt very sad and hopeless. finally, he was determined to hang on the iron railing of the apartment balcony and look for a cell phone signal using a stick. after successfully getting a signal, he hears his mother's voice saying that she is taking refuge with his brother and his father's office. but her mother's voice sounded very panicked and frightened, accompanied by the growling sound of the zombies getting closer. joonwu can't help but cry as he listens to his family's final moments before being attacked by zombies, knowing that his entire family is gone. junmu becomes angry. he came out of his apartment and killed the zombies he met. on the twentieth day, with all the despair and deep sadness, junwoo made a vlog and said goodbye, because he intended to end his life by hanging himself. after draping the rope around his neck, he suddenly saw a laser pointer pointing at him. then the scene shows someone who moves the laser pointer. her name is can you ben? a glimmer of hope reemerged in jummu's heart. he looks happy in waves to the apartment building across from where you been is. they also communicate with each other using sign language. because it was late at night, the two arranged an appointment to communicate again at seven in the morning the next day. but june wakes up late. he rushed to apologize to you ben, who had been waiting for him for a long time. while communicating with junwu, yubin, hears a noise at her door. it turns out that a zombie has entered her apartment. but the zombies movement was centered by a chair. you've been immediately killed the zombie. that night, it rained heavily. june wu and yubin took this opportunity to collect rain water. yubin spots an empty apartment unit on the eighth floor of junmu's apartment building. after observing the situation with her binoculars, she intended to go there the next day. euban sends food to the hungry junemu. she tried to throw the rope, but because their apartment buildings are too far apart, her attempts fail. luckily, junwoo still had one more drone. he then uses the drone to stretch the rope to ubin. his efforts were not in vain, and finally, jungwoo was no longer hungry after getting food supplies from you ben. not long after, june wu tells you ben that a zombie picked up her rope that fell. it turns out that yubin is still attaching the rope to the leg of the table. and before she could cut it, the zombie was already pulling the rope so fast that the table crashed into her until she passed out. the zombie starts climbing up to her apartment. junewood tries to help, you ben. he uses his drone to annoy the zombies, but the zombie manages to destroy junwoo's drone. when the zombie almost arrived at ubin's apartment, she was already conscious and immediately cut off the zombie's hand. jun would then realize that his food supply was running low. he then ventured to look for groceries in the neighbor's apartments. it was very dark there and looked empty. after ensuring everything is safe, he immediately grabs the necessary items such as groceries, a thick jacket and two walkie-talkies. he then takes his neighbor's 3.5 millimeter earphones. when he was about to leave, he was suddenly attacked by a zombie from behind. luckily, he manages to defeat the zombie and rushes back to his apartment. arriving at the apartment, jun will immediately plug the earphone into his cell phone to listen to the radio, but there was no broadcast there. he then sends eubin groceries and walkie-talkies so they can communicate more easily. the next day, junwoo, thanks you ben for saving him when he was about to kill himself. it turns out that you've been also ever wanted to commit suicide. while busy chatting, junwoo seems to hear the noise comes from swarms of zombies flocking huben's apartment building. when you bin was about to hide, she accidentally bumped into the shelf, making a noise that invited the zombies, hearing you ben's panicked fear, junwood then asked for the phone number of her apartment unit. not long after, the zombies were distracted by the sound of a phone ringing from the apartment next to you bins. yubin was determined to go to the eighth floor apartment unit in june woo's apartment building. euban manages to get out of her apartment. she tried to dodge the zombies that started to come in front of her until she fell. yubin sees a gun line not far from her in russia's to pick it up, but a zombie attacks and tries to bite her. jude will arrives just in time and shoots the zombie. the two immediately ran into junwoo's apartment building and managed to get to the eighth floor using the elevator. arriving on the eighth floor, it turned out that there was still one zombie left, and the zombie was deliberately making noise so that the herd would come. you ben tries to open a locked apartment door, and suddenly the door opens and a man pulls her inside. then the man helps junwoo by throwing smoke bombs at the zombies. the man warmly welcomes them to his apartment. he said that he had enough food supplies until the rescue team arrived. he heard from the emergency broadcast that a rescue team was coming. jun wu and you ben are very happy to hear the news, because they have been surrounded without knowing any news about the zombie invasion of the city. you've been notices that there are supplies and baby food in the man's house. then june woo suddenly fainted. yubin tries to wake him up, but she suddenly collapses unconscious. it turns out that the man deliberately drugged them. after tying june wu's hands, the man drags you ben into a room and locks her. eubin finally wakes up and is very surprised that she is now in a room with a female zombie, who turns out to be the man's wife. there was a rope wrapped around the zombie's neck, and the man was holding the rope. yubin screams for help, but the man says he had it because his wife is starving. joonwu, who had come to his senses, then pointed a gun at the man. unexpectedly, the man let go of the rope, and junwoo immediately grabbed the rope so that the zombie wouldn't attack you ben. the situation turned around. now it was the man who pointed a gun at choonwu. the man asks jumu to give up and says he will let june will live, if he is willing to leave his apartment. but of course, june wu flatly refused. suddenly, the rope that junmu was holding fell off, and the room was suddenly quiet. the man then opened the door to check the situation. it turns out that you've been managed to cover the zombie's face and push the zombie towards her husband. the man then became the target of the zombies. you've been then finished off. the husband and wife. the sound of gunshots fired by you ben suddenly attracted the attention of a flock of zombies outside. yubin cries in despair and asks jumu to kill her. but then they hear the sound of helicopter. after confirming the arrival of the helicopter, they make a plan to escape from there and rush to the roof. junwu is the first to come out, throwing smoke bombs at the zombie swarm and killing a few zombies. they continued running up the stairs to the roof. some zombies pull yubin up the stairs, but junmu manages to save her and hits the zombies with a bicycle. junwu tells you ben to go to the roof first to call for help, while holding off the zombies on the stairs. but when she got to the roof, yubin didn't see any helicopters. jun wu, who managed to catch up with you been, screamed in frustration. the zombie swarm finally makes it to the roof, cornering them. junwu tries to shoot the approaching zombies until a bullet runs out. junwoo and yubin, who had resigned themselves to leaving their fate to the zombies, were suddenly rescued by the arrival of helicopter. the rescue team immediately opened fire on the zombies and helped them board the helicopter. they then survive. at the same time, junwoo's cell phone starts to work because it has received a signal, a voice message from the disaster emergency channel informed that the military would start carrying out a rescue mission for the residents based on their posts on social media, because the internet network had started to function again. the film ends in the end, the strong determination to survive is what makes us able to save ourselves. [Music], you 