recap movies. this movie tells about a russian superhero who has a mission to save a russian city from enemy threats. titled the guardians. 2017. during the world war, the soviet union conducted experiments to produce the strongest weapon. they did the same experiment with four people, humans with different super powers. anyone can count stone controller, bear man, fast power. when the second world war was over, at a secret russian military base, they're trying to destroy robots. the robot, only remotely controlled, can destroy anything quickly. but the destroyer robot lost control. the robot program has an error. the robot destroyed the tanks and helicopters that were nearby. the location of the military headquarters did not escape fire. the person inside the military base was also killed. his headquarters destroyed, all blown up. suddenly, a large man appeared in the middle of the chaos. apparently what he had taken over. and he just went from there, taking the robots. surprisingly, the robot followed him. in a place where the russian military headquarters. the higher-ups are holding a big meeting discuss about the event and what is the solution to overcome it. the meeting was chaired by major general nikolai dalgov know that the one who destroyed their base was professor august karate major general nikolai doglov told that it was during the world war named patriots. it was one of the soviet union's secret genetic projects about the power of energy to control the machine remotely. but the experiment failed. there was a professor named victor golbanov with genetic experiments on humans. professor karatev had destroyed and stolen the results of victor golbanov's research to conduct his own genetic research. he was caught by the soviet government for the theft in the kurotov's crazy research. when he was about to be arrested, he attempted suicide by placing a time bomb on his lap. instead of dying when the bomb exploded, instead, he turned into a monster. chemical compounds that are released even change the genetic structure of the body, so that it changes carotid. can also control the engine remotely. he took all the battle cars and other combat equipment. also, karate easily controls the destroyer robot from the secret military base due to kurtov's unparalleled strength. major general nikolai dalgad this then asked major major larina to look for the results of professor golemanov's experiments, first the so-called guardian. then major larina ordered to trace geradian's whereabouts to stay now, so that they can unite together to help fight the monster kurata. from the secret patriot headquarters. general golmanov has brought major lorena there to lead the patriot program, to find and form a team. the team is called guardians. even though it was difficult to trace the whereabouts of the guardians, the advanced technology that is there is trying to continue to search for the whereabouts of the guardian's living. they finally found one of the guardians. in one of the remote villages of the armenian region. a man is praying. after a long time he prayed. it turned out that major lorena had arrived a long time ago and was waiting in the hiding place. mirror. lorena also introduces herself, that she is now in charge of patriots headquarters. larina found out what name this was. lure heard the word patriot, he got emotional, and then he showed his stone controlling power and bullied major lorena into leaving the place. major lorena immediately said that the purpose of her visit was to cooperate against the curator professor, who was threatening their country. ler was surprised, because the villain karate is still alive and he wants to cooperate. in a region of kazakhstan, there is a man with a long sickle. his name is khan. he was sitting there relaxing. he wants to face a group of mafia who are coming to him with slow motion style. he immediately took out the sickle. suddenly, his eyes also turned white. with his super strength, he immediately split a car. mr mafia boss was split. he killed all the mafia. mafia. then, unexpectedly, lure had arrived there. he came there to invite her to join the fight against karate. because he has the same grudge, he agrees to lure's invitation. then in the region of siberia, to be precise, in the wilderness, soldiers again surrounded a hut. they slipped into the place. it's actually a person in it. when one of them was about to open the door, suddenly a fierce bear man appeared. his name is asus. knowing that it was his old friends who came, asus immediately turned back into a human. then in the russian city of moscow, there is an action kayak show. seen there is a beautiful woman who wants to do a jump in the pool. her name is xenia. when you want to enter the fishpond, suddenly his body disappeared. when he wanted to rise to the surface, gracefully, he reappeared. the people there were amazed by his skills. when xenia was in the dressing room, it turned out that in the room khan and the others. reflexively, he immediately attacked khan. likewise, when lur's presence, he also immediately attacked him. finally, the fight was stopped by the ursus. and told them they were his old friends. and ursus invited him to go with them. ursus said they knew him. he's still confused in trying to remember them. in a laboratory, it turned out that karate was again creating an army to destroy the earth. he waited half a century for it. at patriots headquarters, xenia tells the story of her forgetting her memory. he decided to join, who knows, by helping out on the mission. dr xenia said that her memory over time, it will recover on its own. his skin, he can regulate the temperature so he can not feel cold and hot. then general goldof came informing him that if he managed to track down kurotov's whereabouts, he could change places. so they had to get there right away. and this is the guardian's first mission. while at his headquarters, they see the situation. the place turned out to be heavily guarded by karate s troops. signal is lost and communication lines they were cut off. without a command from the center, they went on the mission themselves. ursus had turned into a bear and had already attacked the army. ler and khan had also fought with kurotov's army. lure and khan had also fought with kurotov's troops. khan easily used a sword to quickly kill the guard, while lure turns destroyer and crushes his opponent. then from the side of ursus, they were shot with net bullets. khan continued to battle against them. lure also, he managed to kill the guard. due to the entrapment of the ursus rope turned into a human form. khan was also exposed to xenia anesthesia. apparently also turned into ice cubes, because he was caught. so the three of them have already disabled the troops. only lur survived. immediately visited by the karate the two of them immediately fought, but very easily. lure was beaten to a pulp by karate. after being gathered into one the four of them were made somewhere by karate. they were ordered to join him to rule the earth. after being gathered together, the four of them were locked up somewhere by karate. they were ordered to join him in ruling the earth and have fun with him. they refused kurotov's invitation. then he gave 24 hours to think again, and wanted to join him. and he's already made his own army, and he was sure that the four of them would join him. then he left. then he controls a robotic tank car, and he goes to attack moscow city. the city of moscow was destroyed, and the military forces were unable to stop the attack. then larina and her troops then secretly went to kurotov's headquarters elsewhere karatev carried out the removal of a russian satellite tower to be placed in a taller building at his headquarters. it turns out that major general nikolai dalgov has the intention of taking over the russian government. general goldof is claiming his promise to karata, he immediately strangled his neck to death. after killing him, karatev immediately continued his mission can take lure to patriot base. he said he just fainted because of what karate did to him. larina, who was waiting for lure, who was in the process of being treated, was then told that professor gobin was still alive and he wanted to see him. it turns out he went to patriot headquarters to help them fight the curators because the country is in a state of danger. he learns of the existence of the carotid simulator's secret laboratory and where xenia and the others are locked up. he also helped treat lure, who was seriously injured. major laurena and her troops immediately came to that place, and finally she found the other guardians. while karate succeeded in erecting towers on tall buildings. russia was running a program to run satellite weapons in outer space. while uranus said he regretted being a guardian. he wanted to be a normal human again, because there's no way he can beat karate ursus. then went and said goodbye to lorena. professor gobin was able to enter kurotov's laboratory. he was surprised that karate knew of his whereabouts. he wanted to thwart kurotov's project. then, with his power, he thwarted by destroying the place and lock him up, he said, then he just left. karatev runs a program to build satellite weapons in outer space. one of them is a former world war these are medals of machines that exist all over the world. hammer is heading for earth, created by president reagan on a star wars mission. its firepower can destroy the earth, and is now controlled by karate. the thing was actually turned off in the eighties, so it floats like an orbit. karatev will not stop accessing the hammer. and if karate succeeds, he can control all the machines on earth. if you go to the federation building, the height is 300 meters, which is closest to the tower where the karate is located. air force troops then try to destroy the satellite tower it turns out that the tower is protected by destroying robots, and there is also a strong shield in the tower so that it cannot be destroyed from outside. the air force fails to carry out a mission. to learn from previous failures, major lorena then didn't make special clothes for the guardians. it was created to protect and help strengthen the superpowers of the guardians. ursus can get automatic cannons that can shoot enemies immediately if someone threatens him. khan got bullets, knives and stun arrows. meanwhile, ler gets an electromagnetic whip to amplify his attack. while xenia can disappear at any time. the guardians quickly learned to adapt to the new weapon, and they were ready to attack kurotov's base while karatev is still focused on speeding up controlling the space satellite. before leaving, they held a meeting first to divide their respective tasks so that the mission goes well. they only need one hour, because karate is building and controlling the satellite before he helped defend his tower against their attacks. after arriving at the destination, urasis and xenia were tasked with attacking outside the building, if lure is in the subway section of the parking lot, while khan at the top of the building by driving a plane to get to the top of the building. when xenia, who was in a corner, was shot by the destroying robot protecting her. then uarsus then turned into a bear and killed the destroyer robot army with an automatic weapon on his back. after the robots are downstairs, and their guard troops then head to the top floor using the elevator. after the robots are downstairs and their guard troops then head to the top floor using the elevator. after successfully climbing to the top of the building, they waited for the khan, who had not yet come down from the plane. meanwhile, khan has yet to make a landing on the building because the plane he was traveling in was constantly being shot at by the destroying robot. because they lived a little longer, the three of them immediately decided to go to the tower where karate was carrying out his mission program. they crossed by a pipeline path to the tower's energy station with a side weapon. he then attacked the enemy troops by cutting the bridge pole using his double side, and then he can land perfectly. major lorena is trying to find the professor, who has been captured by the curator. after being found, he explains that karate cannot be destroyed. finally, the guardians together entered the tower's generating room, where kurinov carried out his mission. with the power of disappearing, xenia easily attacks the troops inside without being noticed by the enemy. then xenia was desperate to even sacrifice herself to turn off the generator. by holding the power source, xenia seems to be weak from holding that energy. urasis immediately tried to release xenia from the voltage source, pulled his body and they both fell and went limp. the generator was finally removed because it was used for protection from outside attacks. after the generator voltage goes out, everyone at patriot's hq is rejoicing. karate then came to his senses. because of the disturbance, he hastened control of his satellite. the guardians then attacked karatev with all their might, but it turns out that kurotov's strength is greater, and they are easily defeated. feeling pressed he threw his gun and rope into the plane. khan quickly then tied them with the rope of his shirt. and they are automatically pulled by planes that come across the building. karate did not remain silent. he immediately controlled the plane with his strength, so that the plane crashed. khan realized this, then cut the ropes to the plane and made them fall into the river. military people also fired missiles at the building with ease. he used to control the missile after the guardian survived by plunging into the river. then lure even planned to return to the building again. luckily, major larina forbid it. he comes to them and he tells them that the information obtained from professor lobonov's unification of energy forces can defeat karate they then held each other, and lurk created energy from his hands with all the ability and energy that they have. they make a very large power. the energy waves are directly aimed at the satellite tower building where karate is carrying out his mission. the building was immediately destroyed and the tower was also destroyed. karatev could not dodge, and in the end, he died along with the building. after the guardian's mission is complete. the guardians decided to separate and live their own lives. finally, the movie ended. 