welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and we have some brilliant news to kick-start 2020. if you're a Marvel fan, a new report has just dropped from MCU cosmic that says that Marvel Studios are now moving forward and developing projects around Netflix's defenders characters. I'll leave the article in the description below if you want to check it out, as this new story is really starting to pick up steam. now, before we get into the video, though, make sure you subscribe to the channel for daily breakdowns like this and to keep up to date with the story as it unfolds. anyway, thanks for clicking this. Happy New Year. and now let's get into the video. so one by one, it looked like the Netflix characters had been dusted by Thanos, with each one of their shows being canceled by the streaming service. this caused a massive, massive backlash on the internet, with a lot of fans, including myself, being angered by the fact that that favorite shows would no longer be airing. to make matters worse, we will also inform that there was a stipulation in the contract that stated that Marvel would have to wait up to two years after the shows were taken off air before they could begin using the characters in our own universe. to simplify this all, this means that daredevil, which was canceled in 2018, would not be able to be used by Marvel Studios until the end of 2020. however, according to the new report, this has changed recently. this apparently comes from a, quote unquote, rock-solid source at Marvel Studios who says that the company are already well on their way to utilizing the characters and upcoming films and TV projects. it has been rumored for a while that daredevil and Co will be making their way to Hulu, and that the devil of Hell's Kitchen may even be appearing in the upcoming spider-man 3 movie as Peter Parker's defense attorney. this seems like a dream come true, and many fans, including myself, have been agonizing over seeing the characters from the defenders universe have brought across the big screen. if you like me, then chances are that you were gutted when they canceled the shows. however, this is some brilliant news for fans, and I have to say that this and the Hulk rumors have really made my week. in case you don't know, it was also rumored that the rights of the Hulk have gone Marvel Studios, so they can now begin using the character in solo films sent it around him. so yeah, good news across the board. now, the report does go on to say that the source cannot say, for deaf now whether we will be seeing a return of the cast. this is all going to be down to contractual obligations and so on, though the characters themselves will be free to use the exact same cast may not be returning, and Marvel will have to work with the actors directly to negotiate whether they'll be coming back or not. personally, I think they will, but you don't know if actors have agreed to other projects and so on, especially because in their eyes, they probably weren't coming back. it's all kind of up in the air at the moment. but personally, I still think it's great that Marvel will now have free rein over how they're used and which movies that they'll appear in. this means that the Punisher could be seen hunting after spider-man in a film blade and daredevil could team up. Jessica Jones could fight she-hulk. Luke Cage in the Hulk could become best friends, and so on and so forth. the possibilities are endless, and it's such a good way to start the air. though we don't know if the two year grace period changed, it is possible that Netflix decided to allow Marvel to have access earlier. and if this report turns out to be true, we may be seeing a return of the characters a lot sooner than you think. now obviously, I loved you your thoughts on this news. and if you're excited to see the characters return, coming below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the rumored JJ Abrams, rise of Skywalker cut, which you'll be linked at the end. we go over everything that you need to know about it and why Disney decided to cut so much. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, then that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favorite movies of last year. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the news in the comments section below. the one that's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of January in the subtle be shipped out from then whoever gets the prize. so best like, to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 