hello everybody. welcome to my channel. today i am going to explain an australian horror film called relic. this is a film with a difference. it has lots of hidden meanings. it's a metaphoric film. the film is directed by natalie erica james. it's her debut film. she did an excellent job. please watch till the end. the film starts in a big house in rural australia. on christmas day, an old lady, edna, was standing naked in a trance. now, after one year, edna's daughter, kay and granddaughter arrive there to meet edna. they don't find their mom or grandma. neighbors say they have not seen edna leaving the house for a while, meaning she was not in the house or outside. edna's house looked like a warehouse. her house was consumed with black molds. stuffs were scattered. fruits rotted. doors had new locks. the paper notes were everywhere. some contained simple reminders like setting an alarm, cooking food, etc. some had sinister notes like, stay away from them, don't follow it. it seems edna had dementia, which caused memory loss and affected her day-to-day functioning. now, kay informs mike the policeman, and they start searching in the jungle. sam and kay starts cleaning the house. sam hears a fishy sound in the storeroom. when she checked it, there was nothing. now, edna's neighbor's kid, and sam's childhood friend, jamie, refuses to enter the house. he checks on sam from a distance and smokes with sam. jamie had down syndrome. later, sam and kay hear a tapping noise behind the main hall wall. that wall had a lot of black molds. later, in a dream casey is an old man in an empty cabin. that old guy's body turned black. he was horrific in look. he dies there. suddenly, next day, edna arrives and starts to make tea. upon asking, she says she can't remember where she was. she had a totally different behavior. the doctor gives her a clean [ __ ] after the physical test, but asks how she got that black mold on her chest. edna rubs it off by saying, i don't know how i got it. the doctor advises k not to leave edna alone. kay was very busy with her own life. she was not in the position of handling edna. kay thinks an old age home will be the best option for her. at night, sam finds a sketchbook. there was a sketch of that cabin which kay saw in her dream. kay says it was her great grandfather's house. he had dementia too. his family abandoned him, and he died alone. some parts of that house were used to build edna's house, meaning that front glass window was from that cabin. at night, edna was again muttering something while standing alone. kay takes her to bed. edna says, he is below my bed. check it. kay tries to convince her that there is no one. upon edna's insistence, kay examines it. she did see something moving there. then edna suddenly drops a book on the floor. the noise causes kay to get hit hard on the head. kay angrily shouts at her mom for doing it deliberately. edna's dementia was getting worse. next day, k checks an old age home in melbourne. she was happy with its felicities. edna was a misfit for her busy life, and she books a slot while crying with guilt. meanwhile, edna behaved strangely in the house. one moment, she was happy dancing with sam. next she violently attacked sam for her ring, which she only gave it to her that night. standing in front of the storeroom, she says, he might have come this way after his arrival, strange things were happening. it feels strange. all memories are getting lost. now another dream haunts k. she saw edna in that cabin. the whole cabin, in front glass, got covered in black mold, which was on edna's chest. next, sam asks her neighbor why they don't send jamie to edna's house anymore. alex says, a few months ago, jamie was playing hide and seek with edna. he was hiding in the storeroom. edna locked in there. he was there for hours. even after hearing janie's voice, she didn't open the door. from that incident, janie's parents stopped him from playing with edna. now, edna runs from the house with a photo album. k follows her. edna tries to bury it in the ground. in a bizarre instance, she tried to eat some photos. k stops her in shock. edna says, this is the only way to save memories, else it will destroy all here. kay, understands that her mom's mental health is fragile. kate finally understands her mistake and says she will look after her personally. now, sam was again checking that storeroom. she finds a new door and enters it. she finds a way which was not ending. scared, sam back tracks her way. the door through which she entered was not there either. actually, there was a labyrinth in the storeroom. in the beginning. we heard some voice from the main hall wall when edna was missing. i guess she might be trapped here and eventually get out somehow. she did indeed touch kaye's head before making tea. now, sam was trapped there. she saw edna's notes there, implying she used to come here. meanwhile, edna is now taking a bath. the black mold on her chest was spreading everywhere. to remove it, she stabs herself with a knife. after seeing water overflow, kay asks her, are you okay? when she gets no answer, she forcefully enters the bathroom, asks her what she's doing with her chest. at that moment, the power goes off. in darkness, edna runs towards the storeroom. kaye follows her with a candle. edna enters the same labyrinth in which sam was trapped. strangely, edna's white skin starts to peel off. here, she starts to resemble that old black guy which k saw in her dream. hiredna attacks k violently, as if some demon has possessed her. now k runs from her and meets with sam. they both end up at a dead end, which happens to be the main hall wall of the house. they start to hit hard at that wooden wall with a steel rod to make a way out. meanwhile, edna also arrives there to attack them. when all three arrive at the main hall, sam hits edna pretty hard with a steel rod. edna faints. it seems edna was possessed by demonic power which was turning her skin to black. well, this was just a metaphor. she was dying slowly. now, sam and kay are running away from this house. while passing, k saw a glass window, which reminds her of her great-granddad, who was left to die. she was also doing the same thing. she accepts her mistakes and enters the house. she lifts edna's black body and place it on the bed. she kissed that horrific looking creature, which signifies she has accepted her mom's old age. she sleeps besides the thing. later, sam also sleeps with it. later, sam notices a black mold on kaye's back, signaling she will get dementia. sam will see her mother like this too. the film ends here. so this is a non-straightforward film about dementia shown from a horror angle. dementia is not a single disease. it's a cluster of diseases. most people just call it memory loss. every part of the film explains symptoms of dementia. if you have a clean mind, then you will keep cleanliness around it will manifest around you. the house looking as if a warehouse was an example of bad mind. edna knew she was forgetting, hence she used paper notes. the labyrinth symbolizes consciousness of mind, how it gets trapped every day in our own memories. the black mold on the chest symbolizes slow progression of dementia. the story of the great granddad shows its genetic nature, how it can be passed on to the next generations. at the end, edna is shown as a black creature, symbolizing people's treatment towards dementia. patients as demons. moral of the story, take good care of your elders. the film has a proper blend of horror and social message. please, take good care of your elders. if you like this video, please like it. please subscribe to the channel. do share your opinion in the comments section. thanks for watching. take care. 