they're making me battalion chief, and i want you to make captain. but we can't be together because i won't get my promotion. or we can't be together because if people find out, you won't get your asking you why you can't stop trapping where you are. you're calling me a [ __ ]. your decisions reflect on me, on my legacy. friendships only function if you can talk to your friends about what you're going through. and i'm so busy protecting your promotions. but this was never going anywhere real. seattle fire is a fine institution, but i believe there's always room for improvement. i'm sure you know i'll be appointing a new battalion chief soon. you won't give me any reason why i shouldn't be you. why are you here in seattle? oh, ryan, it's so good to see you. it's been so long. how hard could that be? did my dad call you? is that where you're it's okay. i'll stay. me too, in line for battalion chief. i think your behavior with my daughter could get in the way of that. if it comes to life. damn. you are good at that. your husband fast gift a physician response team field medicine, a surgeon who's first on the scene. i don't think i'm okay, dad. i need you to come back. come back. come back. come back. my leg felt like it was on fire today because you have complex regional pain syndrome. i told you i'd like to get worse. fire and medicine working together, innovating, changing the way we save lives. the department can't know if they find out i have a chronic condition, to throw me a party that ends with a desk job, surgery. you don't want her to be captain? i do someday. i wanted to have your job someday. i wanted to be fire chief someday. and none of that will happen if you promote her now. i'm recommending you as captain of station 19. i found out i was pregnant and you were the only person i'd been with that month because of celibacy, need for privacy when it comes to your health. but if you're sick, your daughter deserves to know. my daughter deserves to grieve for one family member at a time. i've been sleeping with eva, eva rico's wife. eva, are you trying to give maya a reason to fire you. [Music], uh, captain my bishop. ever have the woman you love mess around on you? because i was too sad. my friend died, and then they gave you the job. i'm not mad that you took it. i'm mad that you took it without a single word of acknowledgement. [Music], is it back? testicular cancer? it's metastasized. yeah, um, three vials are missing. you counted? we kind of said you want me to hit you again? is that it? you want me to beat the guilt out of you? i just want to know we can work together, huh? come on. 19. i'd like you to meet your newest probie. now, don't be fooled by his pretty boy looks. he's tough as nails. don't be afraid to put him through the ringer. i'll get warren us. you you're gonna leave her. annie, i'm in trouble, and i don't know who else to talk to about it, but you who i want to talk to, because i'm in love. so he's out of surgery, stable and in the icu. thank you. thank you. okay, i move in here and help you with the baby, and then i have a place to live and you have help, and everybody's problems are solved. and i don't know why or how, and i i can't explain it, but you're the safest place i have. so this day i've gotten a chance to get married. it might be nice for your dad to get to see that. i want my dad here for this. montgomery, no response from inside. okay. that's why i'm gonna save my daughter's life. and i'm gonna do right now what i've done for the last 40 years of my life, which is be a damn firefighter. our whole team was trapped in there. they were dying, and captain herrera saved them. the only villain in this story is you for denying his line of duty funeral. you saw your battalion chief odi on fentanyl, so it was him. um, i'm andy herrera. i used to work here. welcome back. thanks guys. i missed you. i'm gay, and i i want to say that i'm a proud gay man, but i don't think i'm there yet. you stole drugs for the prt, which is a felony, and then you persuaded me to falsify those records, which is also a felony. you tell no one else. you keep your job. you keep your title. bishop keeps her title. herrera keeps her job. warren keeps his job. the prt keeps running. it's all over. no one loses their job. are you serious? i'm gonna take down fire chief dixon. [Music]. i would like to say publicly that i love this woman, and i love her so much that i married her. oh, the foster boy without a daddy is calling me bro. yeah. well, i'd rather have no daddy didn't have yours. don't you dare talk about my father. i will bury you understand. my father was controlling. my father. he has a track record of going behind my back in the name of protecting me. i understand that you're going through a lot. and and i i'm trying not to be mad at you. i just slept with jack an hour ago, so be mad at that. i'm warning you. beginning with his decision to cover up the theft of schedule 2 narcotics by her firefighter. well, wait. which station 19. what did you know about my parents? was was he controlling? was he awful to her? was was was she crazy? andy? where do you go? kept her for me. he got my cousins. sometimes it's easier to be mad at someone you lost and to grieve the man. i am greedy. you're trying to find a reason to be mad at your family. hey, dad, you should probably wait for me at home. your family's falling apart. you're playing fire. captain. i'm not playing anything. i am captain. did your mother fill your head with drama? hmm, no. i think maybe she killed herself. a warrant for your arrest, but this is some kind of prank. you're being charged with fraud and [Music] extortion. i was so stupid. everyone saw the truth about my dad, but me. i'm so grateful for you, travis. i love you, and i am really sorry that i don't love you back. just please, please, please take me back. i love you. i love you. maya, oh, you're gonna kick me out for some girl you've been on three dates. no, no, it's also confusing for proof, for proof. dr shepard, [Music], she's very sick, but everything's gonna be okay. [Music], mommy, you 