welcome to casino royale, crammed with no time to die, soon coming out. let's take a look back at the daniel craig james bond movies by starting with the 2006 debut that gave us for grounded modern reality we were all craving for after the power ranger nightmare that was, die another day. let's go. we called open to prague and a british intelligence section chief, who bond is waiting for because the man has been selling secrets. but dryden's not intimidated, as james isn't a double o assassin yet, with two kills to his name. well, actually, bond is already halfway there, having intercepted and killed dryden's contact in a grim and messy bathroom fight. but the second kill is always considerably easier. bang to the barrel sequence with playing card inspired fractals that imply a number of subsequent missions and experience as a double-o agent for queen and country. down in uganda, the mysterious mr white puts a warlord general in touch with a creepy banker called lashif who handles bad guy money, promising no risk and worldwide access, but is actually gambling it on the side with dodgy stock market plays. meanwhile, in madagascar, bond is tailing a bomb maker, but agent carter gives himself away, and the chase is on. this guy is a fast and fluid parkour expert in a panic, while bond is a calm powerhouse who uses whatever he can to give himself the advantage with no fort for collateral damage. they chase their way into a construction site that does not go well for the workmen. and for every agile climbing and leaping move a bomb maker pulls off. james answers with shrewd on the spot decision making and general powerhousing towards his objective, showing us a very physical agent that can take a beating. but he makes it to the apparent safety of the nambutu embassy, which bond shows absolutely no respect for by strolling in, clocking everyone and then dragging him back out again, under military gunfire, to a courtyard standoff, where james ruthlessly changes tactic by giving up on taking him alive and escaping instead with the man's bag, which has had a pipe bomb in there the whole time, careful along with the code word ellipsis that was sent to the guide's phone. well, all of this has caused a bit of an international incident that has made his boss m very grumpy. so instead of coming back to the office, bond traces the phone contact to the bahamas by breaking into em's house and using her terminal instead, pissing her off royally, even though she does still trust him to do his job. so he flies over to the ocean club hotel in nassau, where he scopes out for security, gets mistaken for a valet and creates a distraction that allows him to check for cctv to the time and date of the ellipsis message, which has been sent by alex dimitrios, a slimy bugger with some bad associates who lives just up the beach. so after about a thousand sit-ups, bond scopes out the area to check out the view, and then goes out of his way to piss the man off by smashing him at poker, winning his vintage aston martin, and then, with a little smooth talking, also banging his supermodel wife. turns out demetrios had recruited that bomb maker to work a job for lachief, and now that he's dead, offers a replacement terrorist in order to maintain his reputation, having to fly out to miami airport last minute, where something is happening to hand the details over to the new guy, meaning he won't be home to disturb her fun. but neither will a bond who's an agent on the job and races over to tail dimitrios to the body world's exhibit, where he blind drops a bag key to his backup contact. but he's a professional who scoped bond, and the two engage in a tense and silent forearm strength knife fight hidden in plain view, before bond gets the drop, sits him down and then tails the next guy, who's already on the move at miami airport. the guy ducks out and gets changed into a security uniform to access a restricted area. bond calls in the situation to hq, and it seems for guy's target is the unveiling of a brand new sky fleet airbus prototype. and realizing that elip says it's for passcode to the airport security, he continues his pursuit through the fire alarm, but was set off to cause further distraction. so our terrorist hooks a small explosive to an oil truck and drives it across the airport to intercept the plane. bond power runs up a stairlift to jump on and get fighty, causing a massive ruckus on the airfield and forcing planes to abort their landings. but he notices the detonator during a beatdown before going in for one last tussle. but the terrorist leaps free, forcing bond to slam the truck into a controlled power slide to stop it from smashing into the plane. nice save. so he's promptly beaten and detained by security, only for the smug killer to trigger the bomb on the truck, which bond had actually hooked back onto the guy's belt during the fight for some instant karma. and with the success of the airbus launch, le chief, who was kinda hoping it would blow up, has now lost over a hundred million dollars worth of his clients money on the stock market that he was not supposed to be toying with in the first place. so he's putting together a high-stakes poker tournament in montenegro in a slightly desperate bid to win back everything he's lost as soon as possible. and as the best player in mi6, bond has to join and stop him from winning, forcing le chifra to defect over to british intelligence before he's murdered by his own shady clients, plus a little tracking device, seeing as he keeps going off for books. on the train over, he meets his contact from the treasury, vesper lind, who thinks the plan is terrible, because if they lose for money, then they're directly funding terrorism. and sums up bond perfectly after he tries to read her, thoroughly rubbing each other the wrong way. once settled into the hotel for the tournament, bond meets his local contact, mathis, who's charmingly able to frame the corrupt local chief of police, who is on leshif's payroll, in order to give them the freedom to operate. bond and vesper both buy each other some superior evening wear. and starting the game, all of the rich players each deposit 10 million euro into escrow for the winner of the tournament to claim for round one of the cards. bond makes a loss, but it's really more of a trade-off to observe leshif's body language when he's bluffing with a bad hand. so staying cool, he concocts a custom martini, pops a listening device in le chifra's inhaler, and during first recess, spies from just outside his room, but inside. that ugandan warlord from earlier would like to know where his money is, threatening some serious action should he lose the game. on the way out, they spot bond's earpiece, despite a make-out diversion. and it leads to a stairwell fight that violently travels down, before a desperate and bloody choke to death with some help from vesper, leaving the accountant feeling pretty traumatized about being an accomplice to murder, and showing a moment of empathy from james. round two, and the stakes keep getting more serious, with the weaker card players starting to drop off. but lashif has his tell that implies a weak hand, causing bond to step up to the high value bet. but it's a trap. le chief's hand was strong, and he seems to have known that bond had observed his habits, taking all of his money. and vesper now refuses to fund him any further, causing bonds to slip into plan b and just kill the chief. but thankfully, he stopped rather thoroughly by one of the other players, who turns out to be felix lighter with the cia, who offers to cover bond to buy back into the game because he's seen what a good player he is, so long as it's the americans who get to bring in lashief once he's lost all his money and needs their protection. so now that he's back and playing as strongly as ever, lucifer is worried and resorts to a little plan b of his own, some poison in bond's drink. james immediately knows that something is wrong and tries to mix a little salt water throw up juice before getting to the car and calling in support. the doctors back at hq diagnose for poison, and after a combi pen shot, instruct him to take a hit off the defibrillator to keep his heart going. but in his collapsing state, he's unable to wire the thing and passes out before vesper comes to his aid and brings him back, herself shocked by his instant concern for her well-being. and so the final round of cards comes to the great grand bet that sees every remaining player go all in, each revealing an increasingly better hand, only to be topped by le chief. but it's bond who turns out victorious with a ballsy straight flush outplaying the black market accountant and taking all of his money. so enjoying a cozy post-game victory dinner, vesper is called away just in time for bonds to realize it must have been mathis who warned lashifa about his tell and spots her getting bungled away before a high-speed chase that turned into a wild car crash to avoid hitting her in pursuit. and so he's dragged off by the shiftless men who cut out his tracking device before some interrogation down in the barge district. things are suddenly not looking good at all. and a stripped bond has this junk beaten with a rope cosh as lashif tries to get his banking password for all of the money that he's won. but they are interrupted as mr white has arrived to put an end to things. because, you see, his mysterious organization is less concerned about the funds and more concerned about who they can trust, killing lechief on the spot. oh my god. and so it seems that bond and vesper weren't killed along with the others, as if someone was trying to send a message. and while recuperating on naboo, the secret service take mathis away for a bit of a chat, so that he and vesper can finally let their guard down around each other. she's finally warmed to bond's charm, and after transferring the winning funds back into the treasury account, she seems to struggle emotionally with the recent gruelling events, before putting her past behind her and leaving it all for a lover's cruise to venice. bond is ready to quit mi6 for a happily ever after, but the film is still going. vesper pops off for supplies as m phones into advice for treasury. never received their money back. it's actually being withdrawn from a bank at that very moment. vesper has been working for mr white's organization this whole time, and bond tracks them through the city to kill her handler with a nail gun, along with some more collateral destruction on the way. she ends up trapped, and in her grief and guilt, seals her own fate and chooses to drown. bond has a lot to process as mr white slips away with the money. bond remains cold again, even when m reveals vesper must have bargained for his life and was dragged into things unwillingly after the organization kidnapped her former lover. but she's left him one last clue. and so down at his italian villa, mr white receives a rather spicy phone call and gets introduced to the now galvanized double-o agent james bond. so thanks a lot for watching, and i hope you've enjoyed having casino royale crammed inside of you. these are full-on recaps that skip nothing and take ages to make. so a great big thank you if you've decided to hit that subscribe button, as it actually really helps. i'll see you next time, and take care. 