[Music]. this woman is called shauna. the husband went to the front line to fight and has not returned. she would call her husband's name at the dock with her baby in her arms, every day. but the strange thing is, every time the villagers heard her shout, he'll close the door of their house nervously in her constant calling, husband, chow is back. there are four comrades in arms who came back with him. reunited after a long time. shao was very happy to see his wife and children. keep telling her, how i miss her. shao settled his friends in a hut on the other side of the river. long time, no reunion. the couple are very happy. but soon xiaowao discovered something was wrong. go to the market to buy groceries with your comrades. those villagers who knew themselves, seeing them all flee in fright, xiao was unknown. so until he came to the tavern, the drunk lady boss said to him, let him bend down and look at his wife and children from under his crotch. when he gets home, you will find the problem. it's just that i haven't finished speaking yet. the sun suddenly came out to fix her the comrades and arms gather for a drink at night. when i drank it, a few people talked about things during the day. a comrade named ashen explained, i heard that by looking at people under the crotch, you can tell that they are ghosts or ghosts. but others don't believe it at all. and asked him to ask xiao to come and drink together. ashen walked towards the house in fear. not only didn't find chow, i also saw a very long hand reaching to the ground to check the ball. aston was terrified. i ran back and told my comrades about it, but the comrades in arms only thought he was drunk and didn't believe it at all. four friends come to help osho the stairs on the second day. four eyes. suddenly thought of asan's words last night. he tried to bend down and look at shauna from under his crotch, but didn't see anything unusual. but then he encountered a terrible thing. he went to the toilet in the woods. as a result, a household body was accidentally discovered. the corpse wears a ring on the hand. he was suddenly terrified because the ring on chana's hand is exactly the same as this one. it seems that everything has an answer. he quickly put on his pants and ran back. i accidentally hit mafungo. when he comes home has been patted with a black nose and a swollen face. can't speak at all. he quickly got paper and pen write down the three words, xiao na as a ghost. it started to rain. at this time, xiao came over and told everyone to come in to shelter from the rain. my comrades know that xiao na is a ghost. where dared to enter. shao saw what everyone was hiding, grab the note. little o was shocked when he saw the note. he is going to ask his wife. upon seeing this, the comrades hurried back to the hut, pack your things and prepare to run. at this time they saw xiao is holding shao na and i am, this is not right. shao wow. is so spooky. if you know your wife is a ghost, it must not be this reaction. only then did they discover that the paper was soaked by rain. the words above became shao na's sore. at the moment, xiao was immersed in not caring enough about his wife's self-blame and guilt. looking at chao, who was confused by his wife, the comrades decided to rescue him. after all, they can come back from the battlefield thanks to shao trying to protect them. so they decided to tell xiao the truth. but because the wife has been around, they can't talk face to face. at this moment, the tavern lady, son ran over because the boss tried to tell xiao the truth about shauna. so i was killed by shauna. a few people immediately dispelled the idea, then i swallowed it again. so i figured out a way to take him away. first, when they took advantage of shao to take shaona to the haunted house to play knock him out. but ao started to bleed halfway. he was injured on the battlefield and has not healed. old injury recurred. seeing xiao who keeps bleeding. i remember that he had looked at it from under the crotch. cortana is normal. it means she is still alive. he saw that the ring on the bone was on his left hand that day. xiaona wears her right hand. and chow also has the same ring. is he the ghost to verify this guess. four eyes immediately took out a handful of glutinous rice and sprinkled it over. little o suddenly screamed. the comrades ran away when they saw this. i wanted to leave, but thought of shauna's orphan and widow. decided to take her and escape. but the boat was seriously overloaded and began to flood. they can only start throwing things i didn't expect to throw away, the oars. it's good that they are trapped in the middle of the river. at this time, shao also chased up and swam towards them. everyone hurriedly paddled with both hands, but the hull doesn't move. at this time, xiaohao suddenly sank into the water. looks like drowning. this scene shocked a few people. how could a ghost drown? shao na is not a ghost. xiao is not a ghost. who owns the corpse in the woods? just when a few people were puzzled, a ring of the same style suddenly fell out of the mustache. is he the ghost? everyone was so scared that they kicked him into the water and then desperately paddling. but the boat can't leave without the oars. at this moment, xiaona handed over the ship price floating in the distance. i'm dumbfounded by four eyes. how did she get the ship? award? he has a cold back. stand up and bend down. look back from under the crotch. finally, shauna's true face. turns out she is the ghost and the mustache with the ring hidden. but because of greed, i secretly took the ring from the corpse. everyone who knew the truth jumped off the boat in terror. they ran to a temple to seek help from a mage. the mage arranged in enchantment in the hall. shaona, no longer hides the fact that she is a ghost, chased after him swaggeringly. the mage picked up the holy water wine to shout off. shao na. couldn't get close to them for a while. seeing xiao na's painful appearance, xiao feels distressed. kick the wizard out of the enchantment with one kick. i don't know if the master would do this trick. seeing that the situation is out of control, turn the window and escaped. under the control of shauna, all doors and windows are closed. the candles in the room started to flicker. shao na hangs upside down on the beam, asking why they want to separate her and chow out. a few people were frightened and hid in the corner shivering. in fact, xiao na was already dead when she had a dystocia. it's just because i can't let go of shao that i haven't left. and xiao has long discovered that his wife is dead. also, because of reluctance, he chose to continue living with his ghost wife, although he is afraid of ghosts, but more afraid of losing his wife. the comrades in arms were also moved by their love. don't be afraid of cortana. they have lived happily ever since, from ancient times to the present. the only vulgar, but not bad topic is love. how ghosts are people. many times the real fear. but the love is not deep enough, not true enough. as long as you love each other deeply, there are many difficulties, you will get what you want. okay, that's all for today's story. like friends, remember to like and follow. see you next time. 