welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and we have a whole host of new DC updates to talk about. every couple of days, the company seems to be coming out with something new. and throughout this video, we'll be going over the fandom event, the secret movies that have been teased. they're the Ray Fisher, Justice League, drama and a lot more. there might be some spoilers here, so if you don't anything ruined about the upcoming events, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the content. without the way, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our DC breakdown. okay, so in the wake of the pandemic, comic book companies have had to think outside of the box over how they're gonna host their conventions this year. and DC have really outdone themselves. in order to make sure that fans of the company have fun whilst the world falls apart, they're throwing a convention called DC fandom, which will be a 24-hour, online only event that showcases their upcoming movies, shows and games. in the center is the Hall of Heroes. and this is where you will enter meteor mates and get to go out into the other halls to see the exclusive panels and trailers from all the upcoming DC movies. now firstly is the DC watch verse, which will allow you to become a virtual audience member. DC are planning on showing hours of content, including panels and exclusive screenings. they'll also be showing never-before-seen footage across their movies, TVs and games. I imagine that this will feature footage from the Batman, and this might be where we get a glimpse at what the creative team did on the movie before things shut down. Wonder Woman 84 is right around the corner, as is Suicide Squad, which has completed filming. thus I would imagine that we also get to see footage from both of them, including a world exclusive look at the latter. it's also likely that we'll get an announcement on exactly what is happening with the flash movie and Michael Keaton. Keaton is apparently in talks to appear in the film, and it was thought that things were going to be officially announced at fan dome, before the news leak last week from The Wrap. so plenty of things to get excited over before the event in August. it's also rumored that we'll be getting an announcement of the games at WB Montreal and Rocksteady have been working on. this includes a Suicide Squad game in which you may be fighting the Justice League. bans have drawn this conclusion because recently Warner Brothers registered the domains Suicide Squad game comm and Suicide Squad killer, Justice League comm the other game is apparently called Gotham Knights, and this will be a continuation of the Arkham franchise, similar to shadow of Mordor. the game will reportedly contain a Nemesis system that sees the bat-family gaining rivalries with gangsters as well as corrupt police members. according to the comics Kidd, the game will contain the following elements, the bat family will be playable. now this was something that we saw in Arkham Knight, when you could play as a Nightwing, Robin and Batgirl. however, hopefully it extends beyond that and we can be ace the bat-hound. the next point says, multiple factions in a Nemesis system that includes the GCPD, this is, of course, very interesting, as it will require you to play both sides of the law. the final point says the owls will be the main antagonists. and what I like about this is that it says one of the main ones, so we will be getting other puns. but yeah, I'm definitely interested in exploring the Owls. I'm guessing that this is set after Arkham Knight, and that the Joker will be dead, but it is possible that he could resurrect him, similar to how Batman and Joker were in the Bloom and epilogue of Scott Snyder's run. as for the other areas, DC u-verse is going to feature user-generated content, such as fan art, cosplayers and a lot more. DC kids verse will have hours long, family-friendly content that will keep the little ones busy whilst you check out the great Snyder verse, which is, let's face it, what we all really care about now. next is the DC inside of us, which will contain a panel with DC CCO Jim Lee, who'll be going over the entire company's future and what we can expect as fans. lastly, is DC fun voice, which will have some stuff for comic book fans, including how to make DIY Wonder Woman armored Batmobile kits and digital giveaways, so you can get exclusive content before anyone else. however, I just want that DIY Wonder Woman armor because I think, I think I'd look really good in it. now, on top of all this, the convention recently released a new section on the mobile version of their website that will allow fans to ask a question about big movie. why this has got so many people excited is because I'm there. there has been added to secret movies. so we do know that there are two projects that were completely oblivious to that will be talked about at the event. I'm really hoping that we get a Man of Steel to announcement in some form or another. however, with rumors being that Henry will feature in smaller roles across the universe rather than substantial ones, I really can't see it. obviously, I would absolutely love to see it, as a Man of Steel is probably one of my favorite, if not my favorite, DC EU movie. however, I'm not sure at the moment, but I guess time will tell. what I do think will happen is that it's gonna be likely that the movies we've sort of heard about being in the works, but not had out-and-out confirmed, and therefore they're still technically secrets. the usual suspects for this are, of course, Black Adam, which we know is in development, but haven't really seen anything major in regards to other than casting. there's also the New Gods film, which will be written by Tom King and feature Darkseid. as Darkseid is being brought to the Snyder cut, I can't see this one being one of the most likely contenders, as the studio will likely want to promote this film off the back of the upcoming Snyder Kurt Johnson the script for the Green Lantern Corps movie. and there is a chance that another Holly Quinn project involving Margot Robbie could be dropped to whatever these films are, they'll be rubbing shoulders with Aquaman, the Batman, flash Shazam, the Snyder cut, the Suicide Squad, Wonder Woman 1984, and potentially even any Watchmen announcement. either way, there's a lot to look forward to, and I really can't wait to see what happens at the event, which is scheduled to drop on August 22nd. now, before we get into the rest of the video, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the MCU infinity Saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to being with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the updates in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July, and the subtle be shipped out from them to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. okay, and finally, we have a pretty crazy statement coming from Ray Fischer in regards to Joss Whedon and his work on Justice League. Justice League, of course, had a troubled production, and after Snyder was either taking off the project or he stepped away, Whedon stepped in to fill his shoes and finish off the film. it's rumored that this required reshooting 70 percent of the movie, anything out major story arcs, rewriting large parts of the script and generally changing the film so that it was more in line with what Marvel were doing. and Warner Brothers clearly picked him in order to try and follow in their footsteps, which ended up giving us a film that felt completely different. a Man of Steel and BBS Suicide Squad was also changed massively. and though we haven't heard too many negative things about the behind-the-scenes process on that film, it's clear that Justice League was a much more different story. last week, ray Fisher, aka cyborg, dropped a tweet which showed a video of him praising Whedon and staying that he did a great job in his handling of the project. Fisher said he'd like to take a moment to forcefully retract every bit of that statement. we didn't really know what that meant, but yesterday, Fisher tweeted, Joss Whedon onsets treatment of the cast and crew of Justice League was gross, abusive, unprofessional and completely unacceptable. he was enabled in many ways by Geoff Johns and John Berg. accountability is more than entertainment. so a massive, massive statement to be making, and it does paint things out in a very negative light. not only does it make Whedon look bad, but also john berg, production president, and geoff johns, who was CCO of DC, at the time, both exited their positions after the poor performance of justice league, which was said to be a large factor in the pair resigning DC. comics in general has been all over the place for the last couple of years, I think. and rebirth, which was headed up by Jones, in my opinion, started off well, but it's slowly sunk to the point that I don't even really care about it anymore. it seems like this was the case on Justice League Two. and yet, things that were clearly not as fun as we were led to believe. now, initially I was kind of like, well, Whedon did have a lot of pressure on his shoulders, as he was brought in last minute, or film 7 percent of the movie and and try and catch lightning in a bottle, similar to how he did with the Avengers. there was, of course, the Henry Cavill mustache stuff. and it's even rumored that the I tried notice in the movie is from Whedon, who was trying to tell the audience he did his best. however, after thinking about it, yeah, all that, it still doesn't give anyone the right to be abusive to people. and honestly, when you see Fisher talk about the movie, it's kind of heartbreaking to see what he went through. this was meant to be a big moment for the actor and it looks like it was pretty much ruined by a troubled production schedule and a director that was abusive towards him. now there are two sides to every story, but for the moment, Whedon has remained silent on the matter. however, Alan Tudyk came out and spoke in defense of him, saying that he wasn't there, but he doesn't think that Whedon would do it, and can't imagine it again, though he wasn't there and doesn't know what happened. and I don't think you should under value someone's experience, especially if you weren't there. James Gunn like this tweet. and of course, he's working on Suicide Squad. so yeah, lots of things potentially going on behind the scenes at DC. John burg, however, has not remained quiet, and on Wednesday, he told variety that it was categorically untrue and that he did not enable any unprofessional behavior. he later went on to say, I remember Fischer being upset that we wanted him to say Booya, which is a well-known saying of cyborg in the animated series. now, this is something that I've often heard, but honestly, it just sounds like such a weird, weird thing that I'm personally not sure I believe it. obviously Fisher would know, this is the characters catchphrase. and it just seems like such a weird thing to be angry over that I can't actually imagine anyone getting angry over it. obviously, I was in there, but it doesn't look like things were good. I'm gonna hold off giving my opinion on it until things are fully out in the open. as at the moment, there's no real evidence either side to corroborate anything. however, the fact that so many actors on the project came forward to support Snyder and Whedon silence does paint things out as being a certain way, which doesn't look good. it's a weird, weird situation in the lead-up to the Snyder cut release, and I guess we we might find out in the next coming weeks, or we might never know. now, obviously, that's a lot of things to talk about, so make sure you leave your thoughts in the comment section below. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our latest DC video, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over all the Michael Keaton rumors, whether we think Ben Affleck is returning or not, and a lot more. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you only come chat to us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel. so hopefully we see over there very soon. and I hope you have a nice day. at least I hope someone out there watching this video is having a nice day. take care much. love. [Music] you. [Music] 