welcome back to movie reviews. today i will show you a mystery, horror thriller film from 2017, titled happy death day. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the campus clock chimes nine. tree wakes up in a dorm room that's not hers. carter turns around and greets her. then her phone rings to the sound of a birthday song. she asks where her clothes are, and immediately stands up to get dress. tree asks for tylenol, and carter scrambles to find it. when she's done dressing, he gives her the bottle of pills. still trying to be nice to him, she tells him not to tell anyone about the encounter they had. as she's about to leave, carter's friend walks in and asks if he slept with her. tree's disgusted with both of them. she walks outside and goth is checking her out. then a girl asked her to sign a petition to stop global warming. the sprinkles came on, chasing away a kissing couple. a car alarm blares. a frat guy is torturing a few rushes, and one collapses. as she walks past them, suddenly, she stopped by tim her supposed stalker, a guy she had one date with and doesn't like. she makes fun of him, then leaves. she walks to her sorority and a girl greets her. tree goes to her room and sees her roommate, lori, spendler. tree realizes she is late for class and frantically gets ready. lori then presents her with a cupcake she baked for tree. tree blows out the candle and dumps the cupcake in the trash because of the carbs. lori is angry. tree walks into a class held by a professor she has an affair going on with. later that day, she has lunch with her sorority sisters. as one of them, becky, sits down with a high carb lunch deemed bad by danielle. they make her leave because of it. but when she stands up, carter walks into her, spilling a chocolate shake all over tree. she doesn't want her sorority sisters to know she knows him, and pulls him and pulls him to the side. later, she goes into a hospital where she works at and declines a call with her dad. then walks into lori. she knows why tree is there, and tells her what she's doing could have serious consequences. tree walks into an office and the professor walks inside. she instantly starts kissing him, but suddenly his wife knocks on the door. danielle invites tree to a party at a dorm later that evening. tree heads through the campus alone and passes a group of guys wearing the school's sports team merchandise. they're the babies. as she heads past a bridge, she hears the sound of a music box. tree goes over to pick up the box and see someone with a baby mask standing a few feet in front of her. she threatens to call the cops, and the person runs. tree starts to leave, but is then chased by the masked person. they eventually catch tree and stab her to death. tree wakes up in carter's room at the beginning of the same day. clearly freaked out and confused. she leaves the room and thinks she is going through deja vu. she sees the same things from the other day, a goth checking her out, girl asking to sign a petition. a kissing couple scared away by sprinklers, a car alarm blaring, a frat guy torturing a couple of rushes and one passes out. she looks confused as she runs into tim again, but this time she asks him, what day is it? it's monday the 18. tim tells her. she goes to her room and once again rejects laurie's cupcake, but this time just leaves it instead of dumping it. during lunch. tree warns becky before carter bumps into her, but the same things still happen. tree heads over to the party again, but this time avoids the bridge. she goes to the dorm and is greeted by someone with a baby mask, causing her to scream and punch the person in the face. it turns out to be nick, danielle's boyfriend. it's a surprise party for tree. she goes around drinking and trying to enjoy herself. she goes up to nick's room where he messes around with the mask for a bit. however, the real killer shows up in the room and stabs nick to death when she's not looking. tree gets a text from danielle accusing her of hooking up with nick behind her back, and implying it's happened before. tree is attacked by the killer who takes her out with a broken bong piece. tree wakes up in carter's room again. she's even more freaked out. this time. she runs to her room and tells lori that someone is after her. lori calms her down and suggests she take the day off and relax in her room. tree locks up the room and puts up boards to prevent anyone from getting in. later that night, the killer breaks in any way. tree fights the killer off, but is still stabbed to death. after going through the same things again, tree explains her situation to carter, who is understandably confused. he suggests that she narrow down her list of suspects until she can find out who the killer is. carter thinks the killer may be specifically targeting tree on her birthday, which means everyone at school is a suspect, since danielle told everyone about the surprise party. tree goes through several loops as she goes after her suspects. she first goes after tim, but catches him in his room looking at gay porn. after dying again, she suspects stephanie, but she spots stephanie moments before the killer drowns her. she suspects danielle, but ends up dying on her own after the two get into a fight and they get hit by a bus. after crossing off those names, tree suspects gregory might be the killer. trishi hides behind a tree, and as gregory walks past, she hits him over the head with a bat. but as she checks to see if he's alive, she gets killed by the killer. she wakes up in carter's dorm, telling him his plan sucked. she's getting weird pains in her abdomen. and as carter's friend opens the door, she faints in his arms. later she's in a hospital, and carter walks inside her room. he tells her it's monday the 18th, and the power shortage happens. suddenly the professor is standing next to carter. he tells him to leave, the professor, who's also her in x-ray of her lungs. tree wants to leave, but he tells her that she's safe there. she asks him for a soda to get him out of the room. and when he gets back, she's no longer there. while going through gregory's office, tree finds a baby mask in his drawer. however, the killer stabs gregory and then chases tree into the parking lot. she takes a car and gets out. as she excitedly thinks she escaped death, a cop pulls her over for speeding. when she's cuffed and put in the back of the car, the killer drives past and hits the cop. the gas tank starts leaking, so the killer drops a birthday candle to ignite the fuel and blow tree up. tree wakes up in carter's room. yet again, she proves she knows what's going to happen by pointing out some things that she's been noticing frequently, like a car alarm going off, sprinklers being set off on studying students and a group of activists standing together while one member drops to the ground. carter takes tree to the nearby burger place. as she is now getting weaker with each new loop, she's getting worried that she may be running out of lives. tree mentions avoiding her dad's phone calls and tells carter that her mom passed away three years earlier. moments later, they then see a news report on tv about a serial killer named joseph toombs, who is notorious for going after young women. tree believes he's the killer and that she can finally stop him. tree and carter run to the hospital to stop tombs, but he has already killed the security guard and escaped. tree grabs a fire axe and tries to run from tombs. carter protects tree, but tomb snaps his neck. tree manages to incapacitate tombs, but realizes that if she succeeds in stopping the loops, carter will stay dead. she runs to the top of the bell tower before tombs can catch her, and she hangs herself, promising to find tomb soon. tree starts the new loop with more positive energy. she greets carter, warmly signs the petition, warns the kissing couple about the sprinklers, puts a pillow onto the passing out student's head. and when tim approaches her, she kindly tells him she knows he doesn't like girls and that he should be free to love who he really wants. when she gets to the sorority, she kindly greets the girl sitting outside, and then she is nice to laurie. tree goes to gregory's class and interrupts his lecture to pull him out and tell him she is breaking things off between them and that she's dropped his class. during the lunch meeting, tree shows up with a tray full of junk food and proudly scarfs it down. although danielle tries to send becky away, tree doesn't let her leave, and instead takes becky's chocolate milk to pour on danielle's head, humiliating her. carter then comes by to return trees jewelry, and she kisses him in front of the other sisters. she then invites carter to join her later that night for her birthday. tree goes to have lunch with her dad, david. she admits to him that it's been hard to be around him since her mother died. but she says she loves him and is sorry for hurting him. the two then laugh to lighten the mood, and they have lunch. tree prepares herself to go after tombs. she goes up to the security guard with a knife and takes his gun before telling him to go get back up. tree then walks into tomb's room and aims the gun at him. as he pretends to be asleep. she tries to shoot him, but she forgot to take the safety off. tombs gets up and fights tree, brutally slamming her against the wall. tree then remembers that a brief blackout is supposed to occur, which happens at the right moment for her to escape toombs's line of sight. she appears behind him and takes the safety off, allowing her to shoot tombs dead. tree and carter spend the rest of the night together, and she eats the cupcake lorry made her after she blows it out and makes a wish. tree wakes up once more in carter's room. the birthday ringtone plays. it's still monday the 18th. she becomes confused and angry, wondering how she could still be stuck in the loop. she runs to her room to find laurie, who offers her the cupcake again. tree declines it and says she ate it the night before. and then it hits her. she died in her sleep, which is because the cupcake was poisoned all along. she never ate the cupcake any time before. so she realizes lori was the killer the whole time. since she works at the hospital, lori was able to set tombs loose and make it look like he killed tree due to his history. [Music] tree tries to make lori eat the cupcake and even threatens to bring it to the police. laurie comes clean and says this was all because a guy she likes was more into tree, which tree thinks is a stupid motive, as well as lori saying tree's a dumb [ __ ] the two start fighting as lori tries to finish tree off for good. they are interrupted by danielle from outside the room, as laurie has tree pinned to the bed. but tree manages to grab the cupcake and shove it in laurie's mouth. tree then jumps up and grabs the ceiling lamp so she can kick lori out the window to her death. tree and carter are in a diner watching the news report on the incident, with danielle doing an interview just for the publicity. carter starts to tell tree that her situation reminds him of groundhog day, but she's never heard of it or bill murray. [Music], tree wakes up and hears the birthday ringtone again. carter acts like she's just waking up hungover again. tree starts to freak out, until carter reveals he was just pranking her, and it's officially tuesday the 19th. they laugh about it and kick ryan out when he tries to come back inside, before they start kissing. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 