nice add. okay, let's heroin. man. don't we all know that feeling too much heroin? Knowles who turned up on little heroin dial you know, no, feels like we just saw you guys. feels like we just saw ya. and we did, because it's back-to-back episodes up preacher this week. that means regular scheduled Monday nights for preacher. and you'll see us ivory Tuesday, breaking down the episodes. be sure to subscribe. also, follow buddy Hutton on Twitter and Ryan arcpy on Twitter. send us your comments, questions. let's jump into Mumbai sky tower, episode 2 of preacher, season 2. that was a lot. you rocked that. that was, that was good. so we pick up right where we left off with the Saints slowly walking through streetlights towards preacher. and he's trying to use word and it's not working. so then the saint shoots a preacher kills a guy. I made fun of the fact that axle-grease had a delivery truck. we find out why they did it. obviously, a major metropolitan area isn't gonna use that much actual grease. maybe they do. I don't know what the market for axle grease is. anyway, this was a shout out to axel Alonso. he was a longtime vertigo editor, and now he's actually editor-in-chief at and Marvel Comics. so anyway, I mean, that's really cool. and we missed it. I missed it. I'm sorry. but now we caught it, so it's all good. and we actually saw him on Twitter. he tweeted that he loved that little reference, a little shout out that they gave him in the show. but, yeah, so, the gun conventions going on at the relax in. so jesse has an army of friends that could shoot at at the the saint, and he commands them to do so. but the saint is the terminator in none of the bullets work against them, basing. all the stuff we thought was gonna happen from watching the promo happen. so tulip is hanging out in the hotel room at the relax in. and we mentioned it last episode, but tulip was the first one to find out that their town was blown up in a shitstorm. and, I mean, we expected it to be a big blow to both of them. so you see them. it took away less time than I assumed it was gonna take. they sit on the bed in the middle of a gunfight, and you see a guy, like a shadow of a guy with a gun, shooting to the right of their hotel room. and I was like, oh my gosh, the Saints gonna come. and then they leave the room and run to the right, and I was like, they're gonna run right into him. and that was just weird continuity there. the Saint was to the left. the guy was drunk or something. there's a lot of little background details of people running from the guy who's from the Saints in shooting them. also, to your point, they didn't only have enough time to let it all process, you know, seeing that anvil was blown up, they're on the run, literally, from the Saint. but a funny moment here, the dude with his arm chopped off is in there trying to get his root beer, obviously in some shock, right there. and finally, Jesse uses the word to calm him down and shut him up. then we get a first hint that the Santa killers can actually track down Jesse when he uses this power. preacher and fam stopped at a gas station behind them on a lot of gas by the way. well, that car is a gas guzzler. that is this. you get a Prius or a Tesla? guys, Prius would be much easier and quiet. yeah. they could escape the sink a lot better yet. mm-hmm. so on the sign at the gas station, we tried to unscramble the words or something. I used a wheel of fortune' unscrambler. I used Scrabble by line. there's nothing written on that sign. let us know if you can make anything out of these words, these letters. it doesn't look like English language. there's a mrw reddit. my reaction when my reaction when I don't know what the hell's written in the background of a show, the one who actually might be able to help us, you someone who actually might know what to do with this bloody cowboy. if you say Gandalf, I'm gonna hit you. no, I mean, really be able to help us out here, guys. another fun Easter Egg. you probably noticed this last season, but we got to see it again this year. this shot is from Breaking Bad. Sam Catlin, the showrunner of preacher, also worked on Breaking Bad. and this is, of course, the Jambi Robert, damn. that is the same filming location. from both shows. pretty cool to see kind of the intersection of both shows. maybe jesse is waiting there. Jesse's in hell. so we see fewer a, who is headlining at the Mumbai Sky Tower, which is an Indian casino, like India, but a different kind of Indian. he took over for a lounge singer Frank Patel, who, later in the episode goes, goes on a little bit about his love of Frank Sinatra. yeah, I loved it that Fiore was, was doing a Gallagher show when he was literally killing himself every time. yeah, the little splash zone, everyone had their their tarps so they don't get the blood all over the place. pretty hysterical to see him become the main attraction at this Indian casino. but he's miserable. he is completely miserable. and a big part of the reason is because the Blanc is no longer with him. so, I I love it that the or a sees his relationship with the Blanc as them being best friends. and all the viewers, and even Cassidy, sees them as being in love, and he's like, no, no, where's his best friend? yes, he's like, yeah, but you guys its bang, right? he's like, what? we just sleep together. totally naive. he's just being an angel about the situation. I also found it interesting that, like fioor is, basically, he feels like earth is like his living hell. you know. he hates it there. he does not, does not get it. it is not easy. disappointed in a lot of what he sees going around on earth, and he might as well just be back in hell. although he does say how bad it is to be down there and isn't want to go back down there. he's absolutely miserable. Cassidy does a really good job of, you know, being a BFF and a time of need, and kind of getting what he what he needs, the information, and him to trust him as well. turns up the heroine dial yeah, that helps. there's a really dark humor moment in this, yes, when a, when a dying kid comes into Ganesha's dressing room, give away my secret? no, I struck nice. try a dying kid asking an angel how he comes back from the dead in fureai has no idea. so he's just like, yeah, I'm not gonna tell you my secret. and the kids like, no. extremely dark. another Easter Egg for comic book fans. when we're in the dressing room, we see a poster of Bill Hicks, the late comedian. obviously, he was appeared in issue, I believe, 31, of preacher. he plays a big role in Jesse's life after having seen him perform live in the comics. yeah, Bill Hicks is, he kind of has that influence on a lot of people. so it's, it's interesting that they put that in the comic book, because I think that a lot of people consider him to be life-changing the first time they hear him. and it may not apply socially now, but I would go give him a listen. the current political climate is going to be interesting for everyone too. if you haven't heard Bill Hicks, go ahead. go ahead. make me use it. what's what happens? that's, that was fine. that US, isn't it? he's tracking the word, yes, right? and then we finally get confirmation from Fuhrer that Jessie, whenever he uses the word, he's gonna get tracked down by the Santa killers. so he has to be very cautious about who he uses it on, when he uses it, and the fact that a terminator is basically coming after him, and he cannot stop him. so Jessie can't, you know, blatantly go using it as much as he wants to see or does not trust Jessie, obviously we all know this. does not trust him with this power. he does not believe that any human being, anyone, should have this power. and that's basically why he's trying to get rid of it and put it back in its little box. you know, from last year, let's get married. excuse me, tulip is against them getting married. they never got married. in the comics, I find that a lot of tulips personality was revealed in this episode. she starts talking about her uncle so drunk, and then the one time he put on a suit, it mattered to her. there's gunshots everywhere, and she's sitting on a bed watching the television, and and she's fine. this girl has been through a lot of [ __ ]. and it's really apparent that she, you know, she beat someone to death with like, a lying father. what the hell are those things called? I get buzzer when you're trying waiting for your meal at a restaurant, meal buzzer. but for weddings, weddings, wedding meal buzzer. she beats someone to death with a wedding buzzer. I can't do this now, Gary, please, not today. now, this character, Gary and the man on the phone, Victor, they're not in the comic specifically, but tulip does have a pretty crazy past in the comics. she was hired to take out another person, to perform a hit, and she actually did not perform the job. so she's kind of wanted by her former employers. so maybe down the line, once they get into New Orleans and get into some more trouble, we will see these characters pop up again. but it wasn't a specific reference from the comic books. we all know that Genesis is kind of a tricky thing. it's if you, you know, Jesse tries to do some than good with it, and it always ends up bad. so he he tells fiora to find peace. and the only peace that flora can find is in death. he's his love is gone. he hires the saint for a second job, and the saint shoots him in the heart. I want you guys to know right there, cute. yeah. you know, I found this task by the Santa Killers to be kind of a compassionate thing to do. like we didn't really know. he looks like a stone-cold killer from what we've seen in the comic books. obviously he's filled with hatred that he freezes hell over, but at this moment he was kind of compassionate in in taking fury out of his misery. and or maybe maybe there's more to that, that he commands him, and he has no choice but to do it. but, you know, he killed him. and and if you're he's obviously thankful for it. the saint isn't an evil character at all, dude. he he the whole reason why his wife and child died is because he went back to help a family that ended up being like these evil, right people. and that's all inherent. I mean, he has a lot of hatred, but he also is working for angels. so I don't think the saint is a bad guy. I think that he's trying to put a stop to something that's potentially evil, and he just is kind of a hard-ass about it. he's like Clint Eastwood, you know, definitely doing it. there. there's levels to evil, I guess, I would say. and when you're murdering innocent people on the street, way, there's a question to say, if they're innocent or not, they shot first. but if they're, oh, the guy who get the gas station so ripping is hung out. I mean, that's kind of, that's a little bit, you lie. don't lie. don't lie. sin around him. hold on, he'll kill you. one it had in it had a grenade launcher under her gun. yeah, that's not legal. she's an evil woman. well, in Texas it might be though. no, is it legal to have grenade launchers in Texas? let us know in the comments. one question that I have for you and for you guys in the comments, will the word now work on the saint of killers, now that the two angels that brokered the deal of them are dead? that's a good question. I know that obviously is departure from the comic books, where Jesse's voice of God does work on the scene of killers. but here it's pretty much, we're against him. well, I have a question for you, Ryan. what was your favorite part of the episode? I think we both agreed that our favorite part was when Cassidy and few are in the fort that they made. who doesn't like making forts for awesome eating ice cream? who doesn't like eyes are talking about I'm lactose intolerant. I really wanted to eat that ice cream. they're talking about baby foreskins again, guys, best part of the episode? let us know your favorite part of the episode, and answer Ryan's crazy question from before in the comments below. we'll get in there and talk to you. thank you guys, a whole bunch guys. leave now if you don't want to know what we watched in the episode 3 promo, because we're gonna get into it. if you're still here, the next episode is called damsels, and it looks like a ton of fun. they are finally getting to New Orleans, and we're gonna meet a bunch of new characters. not only new characters, but old characters are returning. buddies, favorite character from season 1, our space. our space looks like he's gonna be back. and it looks like, I don't know, maybe it's his own personal hell. I know in previews that we've seen, we've seen a young Hitler as well as ours face. and it looks like they're kind of in the same setting. looks like some sort of maximum-security prison or something. so will there be conversations between Hitler and our space? that's gonna be pretty crazy, eautiful. also, Cassidy runs into an old friend named Dennis. now, I don't know if Dennis was in the comic books, but there is a character in the comic books from New York City, sigh Coltrane, who was a journalist, and, get this, also a serial killer at night. so he might help them with any leads on finding God. and finally, another character, Featherstone's that Sarah Featherstone from the comics. she, of course, is the right hand to her star, who is a big bad this upcoming season. we'll dive into him later on here when he shows up. but they are a part of the Grail, or, in this TV series, Grail industries. so it's gonna get crazy. yes, already is crazy, but it's gonna get even crazier. you're crazy, guys. you are crazy. you're crazy for sticking around of this video so long. thank you so much guys. give us a subscribe. give us a like. give Ryan Eric P a tweet on Twitter. I love you. oh yes. let me know if we messed up anything. send us any comments, any questions you guys might have. and thanks so much for watching. we will see you next week with episode 3, I still love you. 