this man unfortunately fell down the cliff. he quickly fell to the bottom. fortunately, under the cliff is a swamp. he tried to crawl out of it, but the more he struggled, the deeper he became. he reached up quickly, but still couldn't reach the branch. he tried to lie on his back to shank slower. at this time, he saw two weasels looking at him on the branch. he hurriedly asked for help, but they continued watching. he sank deeper and deeper. finally, he used his mesmerizing eyes to pray for help from the two weasels during the time of danger. the two weasels understood him. they crawled forward and began to nibble on the branches. finally, the tree branch gradually leaned down. the man hurriedly clung to and crawled ashore. he sighed with relief, but a weasel unfortunately fell into the mud puddle. the weasel tried to swim, but it still sank down. not long after, the weasel on the tree was extremely worried. at this point, the other guy reached out and picked up the other weasel. he sighed, laughed happily, and stroked mud on the weasel's body. after that, the man took the two weasel brothers and continued on his way. since then he has added two weasel guardians. not long after, he felt dizzy. strange images appeared in his brain. a lot of people surrounded him, and he had nowhere to run. he was quickly tied to a tree. the scene ended and he woke up. he quickly ran to the top of the mountain and saw a crowd of hunters encircling a black tiger. it turned out that the scene from just now was not an illusion. the black tiger was asking for help. the man released the weasels and arranged a fighting position for them. then he rushed down to fight with the hunters. [Music]. another hunter had arrived. he let out a frightening roar to the sky. an eagle rushed over and pulled down that hunter. at the same time, two weasels joined the battle and stole the arrow from the hunters. the man drew his sword and fought with two hunters. one was beaten to the ground. he used the dart to cut off the rope. black tiger rushed to defeat the last one. the man was about to leave. when he saw the black eagle flying around above his head, refused to leave and wanted to join him. the black tiger also approached him and accepted him as a friend. he is dar. he has the ability to communicate with animals. that is why he was considered a freak. his tribe was slaughtered by the witch mocks and his men. only he was lucky to survive. he took his fellow animal with him to take revenge. a ferocious black tiger ran out from the forest. the girl was frightened. suddenly, the guy appeared and hugged the girl tightly. after a moment of reassurance, the girl calmed down. he stepped up to threaten it. the scared black tiger obediently knelt down. he gave a signal for it to leave, but the black tiger didn't understand. he let out a roar that made the black tiger leave. with the cooperation of the black tiger, he saved the girl. he intended to flirt with her, but she was embarrassed, so she ran away. dar and the black tiger went to look for the girl. night fell. they came to a strange mountain. dar did not hesitate to enter. there was some weird glowing stuff inside. dar discovered a man was locked in a cage. he turned around to see a group of birdmen standing in front of him. he immediately pulled out his sword and so badge. this magic ring has an eye. the eye observed everything. it detected the target. the witch gave orders to kill him. a rope was attached to dar's neck, and the bald man began to pull. when dar almost suffocated, the black tiger appeared behind the baldy man, knocked him over and killed him. dar informed the black tiger to pursue the remaining assassin, but unfortunately, he escaped. dar knew that running wasn't a good way. he decided to counter-attack. he disguised himself to get inside the castle. the witch mox was standing on top of the pyramid and lifting a baby boy over his head. the baby fell into a sea of flames, under a burning abyss. but he was still not satisfied. he was just another boy in the group. the baby was also quickly lifted over the head and then thrown down again. dar stood in the crowd. he used his communication skills to order the black eagle to fly down and steal the boy. after being rescued, the weasels brought him home. the next day, the children in the city were not enough. mox immediately sacrificed the slave girl. that female slave was the girl he met in the woods. so he grabbed his sword and stormed the pyramid. [Music]. after a while, dar was weakened and controlled by mox at the altar, but he was the main character. finally he killed mox and saved the beauty. unexpectedly, the witch stood up again. luckily, the weasel saw it. they jumped on the witch and bit his neck. the witch fell into the fire below. but then the witch's army has arrived. the people in the city were preparing for the battle. dar threw the order to the black eagle to call for reinforcements. fighting until that night, they lost a lot. when dar's army was almost defeated, the black eagle brought the army of birdman. they spread their wings and embraced each enemy. the enemy immediately turned into a pile of white bones. the battle was over. diar not only got revenge, but also supported by the people of the city. but he only loved the beauty. he took her away together, they lived a beautiful life beside their legions of animals. 