welcome to thriller recapped. today i will show you an american science fiction time travel film called shuffle. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. this movie is about a man called lovell milo, who is suffering with narcolepsy, a condition related to nervous system, where a person experiences excessive daytime sleepiness, and their daily activities are affected by it. the movie starts with milo. he tells his psychiatrist that he wakes up every day at a different age, in a different year, in a different day of his life. sometimes he is 28, sometimes he wakes up very old. he says that he does not know when all this began, but he is able to recall people that he meets perfectly. he can feel things. then the psychiatrist asks him if he consumes any type of substances, which he says he is not sure. she asks him to remember the first thing that he can. he starts with when he woke up two years in future, at the age of 30. he wakes up as a wedding photographer. a lady tries to talk to him, but he is not a simp and says he does not want any kids. the second time, he recalls one morning when he woke up at the age of 92. the third time, he wakes up very young, and he picks his camera and starts taking pictures of everything. he then bumps into a girl called grace. she tries to talk to him, but is not a simp and says he is not interested. the fourth time, he wakes up at the age of 21 and gets a call from grace. she yells at him and reminds him that he has the biggest photography meeting of his life today. she then gives him a ride to the meeting. arriving at the venue, he waits and waits, but nobody shows up. later, she takes him to a restaurant to cheer him up, to cheer him further, she shows the manager the portfolio of milo, and he is impressed and buys one picture for 100. both are happy. then he starts falling asleep. he then wakes up in middle of a hormone exchange session, and the girls is offended by him falling asleep on her. later, he goes to psychiatrist and realizes he woke up two more years in future. this time, he then goes to a church and prays to god for asking all this to stop. he then wakes up in a wedding and a little girl tells him that he is given a present and he is asking to take it away. she says this is the only way he will learn. he then tries to do research about his condition and learns more and more about it. also decides to make a plan to stay awake with some pills his dad uses. however, he eventually falls asleep, and next morning, the nightstand girl shows up and reveals to him that she is pregnant. he denies the responsibility. on the way to home, he falls asleep and is hit by a car. he then wakes up on bed with grace, this time, and finds out they're engaged in the party. she tells everyone that she loved this dummy from day one, and she will take care of him always. he then wakes up in a time alone in the bed, and there is no sign of grace anywhere. he then starts looking for his wife, and her phone number is no longer existing. he then realizes that his wife might be dead and he must save her. he then falls asleep and wakes up as a kid and runs to meet grace. upon meeting her, he suggests that they should visit a doctor. later, arriving at the clinic, he finds out that his dad is the doctor. he suggests that grace might need a checkup. his father then tells him that her family needs to make an appointment, and then only he can do anything about it. he only checks critical cases without appointment. milo apologizes. he says to himself that being 10 is useless. a nurse corrects him and tells him that his gift is not a mistake and he needs to pay attention. at the dinner, he notices that his father has the same condition. he takes his picture. his father wakes up and aggressively breaks the film of it. grace confronts him and bravely tells him that milo's pictures are better than most of the people. later that night, milo overhears them talking about his dad's condition. he suspects his dad, and in every timeline, he sneaks on his dad and tries to find a connection between his dad and grace's death. one day, he wakes up at the age of 26, and realizes this might be the day she dies. later at the dinner, milo's dad suggests that he wants a grandchild grace rages up and leaves. milo's mom reveals that grace cannot have babies since she is diagnosed with a rare condition. later, a lady named linda brings grace back to home by saying she found her drunk. and grace tells milo that he should find someone else, maybe like that lady, who can give them a baby. he tells her he only loves her and is lucky to have her. one night, myla wakes up with a call from grace. they meet to put her dog down, who's suffering from of cancer. in this age, they are not dating yet. he tells her how people see good moments of their life before dying, and her dog might have pictured her. upon hearing that, she kisses him and confesses her love to him. next morning, he wakes up in a time around of christmas. he senses that she died around christmas, so he drives very slowly. they meet his family, and his dad says he has somewhere else to be and complains about it. and then he falls asleep. upon arriving at the home, grace wants to go for a walk. we see milo's dad falling asleep. the next block, she fails and milo checks her veins. she then kisses him. later we see her taking a lead and run, and she gets hit by a car. they take her to hospital. in meantime, they are calling his dad, since he's a doctor, but he is sleeping. and grace dies. later, his dad wakes up, but it's too late. and his family mourns her. grace's death, milo confronts his dad and asks him about his whereabouts. he finds out that his dad fell asleep. and he then breaks down. he goes to the developing room and holds the pictures of grace. the next day, his dad apologizes to him, but milo says he never wants to see him and walks away. at this point, milo promises himself that he will never have kids, so that his kids won't suffer like the way he did, and that he will never be like his dad either. he sits in the room and tells himself it's all useless and it is over. a lady on the tv says, it's not over yet, and keep paying attention, dummy. the next morning, he wakes up, a long after the events of grace's death, and he has a reputable job. now he starts driving and sees a note with an address. upon arrival, he notices the one night stan woman. she tells him to go away and that she decided to keep the baby and his son knows about everything. later, he sneaks on his son, kevin, and meets one of the teachers at school. he learns that his son is a singer, and his son loves animals a lot. he then confronts him and compliments him about the voice and talent. however, the parents show up. they rage up at milo, and his adoptive father gives him a superman punch. milo then sits in the rain and asks for another chance to god. as he mourns about everything, the rain stops, and he is at the time where he crashed his car earlier. and grace says, hey, dummy. she recalls what myla said earlier, that when you're near your death, the moments flashes up in front of you. and she reveals that it was all along her behind everything, the little kid, the nurse and the lady in the tv. she corrects milo that he wasn't meant to save her at all, but himself from what happened. she reminds him that he is not alone. and he wakes up right after his car crash, mourning of what he witnessed. six years later, he has an art gallery now. it's called stop time. he gets to his home, and now he has two kids. further, he is now married to the same person, linda, that assisted drunk race to home few years ago. he then talks to his son, and unfortunately, he falls asleep on top of his son, causing some injuries. milo apologizes to his son, and then goes to the doctor to thank him, only to find out that the doctor is his dad. and comes across his office filled of pictures that milo took. they talk a bit, and milo invites him to meet his family. they all are happy, and then they take a group picture. and milo wakes up 92 years old. he recalls all the moment of his life, his life as a kid, where he was fond of taking pictures of everything, his life as a teenager with grace, his youth when he spent time with grace and was married to her, the time he spent with linda, his son graduating, the demise of linda. and he closes his eyes as he takes the last breath of his life, saying he had a hell of a life thinking of grace and her dog. then the movie ends. let me know in the comments what would you have done in his shoes? and please like and subscribe. it really helps the channel 