yo wis gede deh Viking is far decu wow hey and hello everyone is back on this channel Of course to watch the film story in this video I will tell the film The SpongeBob Movie Sponge Out of Water this film tells about the mysterious disappearance of the Krabby Patty Recipe which caused chaos  in Bikini Bottom , the cause of which you will find out later after watching this video until it runs out, so let's watch the video. [Applause] The recipe for pempek film starts with a male pirate named Burger so that he finds a treasure map on the shore of a pirate beach.  the sea went to follow the map into the forest there were many obstacles but he managed to get through it he arrived at the treasure he was looking for which turned out to be treasure It was a book held by a skull he took the book then the skull fell and suddenly life he hit the burger until the burger t  bouncing back to his ship then he read the book and read its contents in front of his friends the birds in the book told of a city under the sea called Bikini Bottom where in the city there is a famous restaurant called Kera trigraph which is owned by a red crab, Mr.  The Krab restaurant has a mainstay menu, namely the Krabby Patty which is very well liked by all the townspeople. Behind the delicacy, it can't be separated from the role of a yellow city coffee named SpongeBob Hai. He is a reliable copy of the Krusty Krab who really loves his job as well as his friends and colleagues. everyone in Bikini Bottom really likes the Krabby Patty but no one cares about the secret of the delicious burger recipe except for one person, namely plankton plankton who always tries to steal the Krabby Patty recipe but his intentions are always thwarted by Spongebob until one day.  he again tried to steal the secret Krabby Patty recipe by carrying out an attack with an airplane he threw the largest jar of hamsters from his plane right in front of spongebob and Mr. The plankton they fired a lot at Plankton's plane but the potatoes just kept on missing and finally the potato shots hit Plankton's plane and brought him down. But Plankton's efforts were n't over yet, apparently he also brought a tank to attack again with pickle fire Mr. Krab ordered the spongebop to counterattack the sauce fire  custard and mayonnaise by the trick that brought mayonnaise was not strong enough to hold it he then threw the mayonnaise in front of Plankton but missed Plankton thought that he would be fine with the mayonnaise spill.  ika bumped into him but Plankton didn't give up he then took out a big robot that resembled himself a spongebob ran away hard on a tikrep and Plankton's robot smashed the Krusty Krab door before he had time to attack again the robot watched suddenly ran out of power and stopped they both then laughed seeing Plankton who failed to attack Plankton did not give up he got out of his robot and tried to pay Mr. Krab to get the secret recipe but unfortunately the money was used to buy the tank plane and also the robot and he only had one coin Plankton gave it to Mr. Krab Mr. Krab also put it in the order  tsnya Mr. Krab brought out the plankton plankton walked out with the birds while being laughed at by the people there Maybe you thought Plankton gave up but it turned out that it was just part of his plan he came out of the mountain earlier and was already inside Rangkas Tua  n Krab to take the Krabby Patty Recipe He also exchanged the original Crabby Patty formula with a fake it turned out that Plankton who was crying outside the Krusty Krab restaurant was just Plankton's initial robot Spongebob then entered Mr. Krab's room and caught Plankton doing his action Plankton looked scared after being caught  he then drops one of the bottles of his recipe on the floor which makes the security alarm sound the entire Krusty Krab restaurant is then isolated and covered with iron Mr. Krab who is outside immediately goes inside and inside SpongeBob and the audience fights for the bottle of the secret Krabby Patty recipe and suddenly the bottle of the recipe  disappeared just as Mr. Krab arrived at his room Mr. Krab was angry with Plankton because he thought he was the one who took the secret recipe but this time spongebob defended Plankton because Plankton didn't do it Mr. Krab still not me he then tied up Plankton and made a gari joke  While using a headset, at first Plankton was not bothered by the dry joke until finally Spongebob laughed very loudly and made the audience scream because he was disturbed by the joke. Squidward came to stop Spongebob's laughter and told them. Mr. Krab then told spongebob to prepare krebipeti but they were surprised to see that all the ready PP stock was gone while Plankton had managed to escape from there spongebob couldn't make a krabby patty without a secret recipe because he was not allowed to know the secret recipe based on restaurant regulations all customers in the restaurant.  The outside is very angry and asks for their money back but Mr. Krab defends himself by blaming Plankton because he was the one who caused the mess yet again Spongebob defends Plankton because he is not the culprit but Mr. Kra  b keeps blaming Plankton and invites everyone to get his Secret recipe back from ton in exchange for a discount on PT credit at his house Plankton tells his wife about the disappearance of the Krabby Patty Recipe suddenly as soon as everyone is there to arrest him Mr. Krab takes him out and judges him along with the others spongebob Then comes to punish Bang ton by blowing bubbles But apparently he did this to save him from the rampage of the citizens of Bikini Bottom SpongeBob went into the bubble earlier while under the people who were still angry threw spongebop bubbles so they fell but they still managed to  escaped that day was the day the chaos that occurred throughout the city of Bikini Bottom turned out to be the storyline that had been compiled by pirates from his ship he wrote the word Dien in his book but there was a bird that took the book and threw away the torn paper inscribed  Scan the Dien into the sea There is a very severe chaos in Bikini Bottom as if the apocalypse is about to happen while SpongeBob, who is still in the bubble with Plankton, invites him to join him to get back the secret recipe for the Krabby Patty that was lost from his house. Sandy sees chaos in the city from  a TV broadcast suddenly the paper that was thrown into the sea by the bird fell on top of Sandy SpongeBob's house and the audience arrived near his house then he burst the bubble and they fell around there spongebob then invited petrik to join him and Plankton to find the secret recipe.  it turns out that by a trick he betrayed spongebob and instead held him to be caught by lucky residents, spongebob was able to escape with Plankton and ran to Sandy's house there was something strange with Sandy's house, his house looked very messy and neglected suddenly Sandy appeared from the top of the tree he looks like a stressed person he then  n shows the paper that fell on top of his house that said Dien and he thought the paper was a sign that the God of bread was angry and he also said that he had no way to calm him down. Hai felt unable to ask for help Sandy SpongeBob and Plankton then left  there to meet Gerry they hope to recruit Gerry to be their team but Gerry refuses and instead sends his friends to attack them at night SpongeBob is very sad to see his city is very chaotic from a distance Plankton tries to cheer him up and tells him to sleep he's just pretending  pretends to be nice to SpongeBob because when SpongeBob was sleeping he sneaked into SpongeBob's brain to find the secret recipe for the Krabby Patty but in SpongeBob's mind there was only joy and joy that made Plankton's eyes hurt he was thrown out of Spongebob's brain because not only did he see this t then SpongeBob wakes up and finds out that Plankton has just entered his brain Plankton doesn't deny it he instead tells the truth If he looks for a secret recipe in SpongeBob's brain SpongeBob replies that he doesn't remember the Secret formula but Plankton doesn't believe it he then gets angry with Plankton because he doesn't because you have to have mutual trust, spongebob then sings a Timor-themed song. The essence of the song is that you have to trust each other and you have to work together. Plankton then says that what spongebob has just done, he won't be able to feel it anymore. then Plankton got the idea to make a time machine so they could go back to a time where the secret recipe for the Krabby Patty had not disappeared and prevented it from happening. can arrive and When they get there They see petrik who is sleeping While keeping cool there is a key used by betrik Plankton tries to take it but the key gets stuck in petrik's navel The SpongeBob pulls the key but petrik wakes up because of petrik then blows the whistle but SpongeBob stops it before  the whistle blows, spongebob holds petrik and Plankton reads a fairy tale to make petrik fall asleep they finally manage to get in and save cool then they tell their plan to cool to make a cool head time machine which is also their computer monitor that to be one of the components of their time machine they  then go somewhere and there they start to make a time machine with existing equipment together finally a time machine so they then go somewhere use the machine there They m  see petrik who has a long white beard turns out They went to the future to be precise to A few days later petrik was seen sitting on a terstiq rap nameplate which turned out to have been buried by their pile of sand then went back into the time machine and this time they reached outer space net  a dolphin named bables who is the guardian of the galaxy bables then goes to the toilet and soon there are two planets colliding with each other SpongeBob and Plankton try to hide the pieces of the planet that collided earlier But bables suddenly came and found out bables blamed them both and attacked him Hi both of them Then  from heading to the time machine they finally arrived at the time they wanted. When Plankton was stealing the secret recipe for the Krabby Patty SpongeBob tried to take the secret recipe from Plankton in the past he succeeded and then went back to the burger time machine to tell the story  He told his bird friends then he saw the land that was already in front of his eyes and headed there he then immediately parked his amphibious boat on the burger land then opened a restaurant and he grilled one of his bird friends until they left because of fear Meanwhile at the Krusty Krab  Patrick is lamenting the Krabby Patty picture it seems he really misses eating it then Sandy comes Then tells the theory of the God of Anger his sandwich to people he says that it takes a victim so that PT credit can reappear and fall from the sky of course Mr. Krab doesn't like that theory because he will not be able to sell Krabby Patty again if that happens Hi for not agreeing with Sandy's idea Mr. Crab dance mi2 was brought by people to be a lucky victim SpongeBob and the audience came right away with the secret recipe for Krabby Patty then he gave it to Mr. Krab Mr. Krab  make But it turns out that the contents are not the original secret recipe but a fake Asian replica made by the singer of God, who is angry with Spongebob. He then tells the people to sacrifice Spongebob, but suddenly Petrik, who has just left using a time machine, comes out and runs scared because it turns out  there's a dinosaur with the head of Squidward chasing him a fun squid there is making a mess there meanwhile Plankton blames spongebob for taking the wrong bottle SpongeBob blames Plankton again because it was his evil nature that made this mess Plankton replies that spongebop is a bad teammate spongebob is initially annoyed at what he said  Plankton but he then realized and restrained his emotions he instead volunteered himself to be made and the residents were happy and immediately brought a spongebop to be a victim before being made a victim, spongebob suddenly smelled the smell of crate credit but Mr. Krab didn't  believe it Squidward then cut the rope to drop a large rock on SpongeBob and Mr. Krab suddenly Mr. Krab also smelled the aroma of the Krabby Patty he then told spongebop to find the source of the aroma other Bikini Bottom residents also followed spongebob's journey to find the source of the aroma they traveled very  far together until they arrived near the source of the aroma that seemed to come from the mainland for fear of the other residents leaving them and leaving only SpongeBob Patrick Mr. Krab Sandy and Squidward it turned out that Plankton was also on the trip secretly he then got into a t-shirt Spongebop's legs to hide They then think of a way to get them to land suddenly 14 appears in front of them through spacetime Hi he wants to help Spongebob because Spongebob accidentally freed himself from his job to protect the Galaxy  bables put them all in his mouth and drove them to land he then threw them ashore when they arrived at the beach bables cheered them on then left them on land they even swayed here and there bounced off by human activities and finally spongebob smelled the aroma again  krebipeti them all Then immediately went to the aroma of the Krabby Patty using a dipper and they arrived at a restaurant called the home of the Krabby Patty which turned out to be owned by the burger pirates Let them Then meet him there the burgers were shocked and asked how they got there  there, spongebob answered that it was thanks to Babel silumbalumba burger, so he said that bables were not in the story of the book, where Bikini Bottom should have been destroyed after the Krabby Patty recipe was stolen by him. with his wish by using the book he has he plans to become the richest man after creating a restaurant with a delicious main menu credit he then shows how his book works by writing if they will all be stranded on a ligand island and sure enough they then disappear and appear on the island.  an island full of pelicans according to what burgers wrote the hungry pelicans attacked them all joints then took out a piece of paper that he got at his house then spongebob took a pelican feather and Squidward took out the ink spongebob wrote using feathers and ink  from Squidward on the paper He wanted them all to disappear from there and have the super powers Plankton was still there he then wrote something that would be the end of the story on the beach seen people really enjoy credit  t made a burger crate and he got a lot of money for hi then the five creatures appeared in the shape of a superhero Squidward has the power with his clarinet to disperse people while petrik has a food magnet which is used to fill his burger stomach then will write something in his book  but swiftly Mr. Krab restrained him with strength like being Iron Man, spongebob released a bubble that made the book float in the air then Mr. Krab let go of one hand that made the burger run away Sandy then came in his superhero form then they realized that the burger had managed to escape they followed  the oil trail left by burger realizes if yes followed burger adds speed to escape from them with his strength spongebob also increases his speed but burger releases its anchor which makes them all fall burger b  Spongebob tries to pick up the book that is nearby, then attaches the anchor to a fish statue which makes the boat move slowly to a halt. The burger almost gets it but the speedboat emits a loud wave from its clarinet which makes the book fall into the fireplace and catch fire. Sandy attacks the burger with a jet of peanuts.  Petrik attacks him with ice cream but it doesn't work. Burger then attacks Mr. Krab with a butter shot. He also attacks Spongebob with a cannon shot. Spongebob is able to block the shot with his moves but when Petrik makes a stupid mistake, Spongebob is caught off guard and hit by a cannon. Burger Burger tries to run away.  after getting the secret recipe for the Krabby Patty but Plankton came with a very large body even though his head was still small he lifted the burger ship which made the burgers take shelter in his ship when Plankton turned to him  Burger was sprayed with chili sauce because his eyes stung Quantum held back and threw the burger ship to the Way Back burger tried to escape but now Plankton and SpongeBob combine their strength Plankton blows bubbles from Spongebob with all his might to shoot so many bubbles that it makes it fall finally the burger is caught  by Plankton then Plankton asked for the secret recipe for Krabby Patty from him. Burger invited the audience to cooperate with him but the audience refused. Because he felt that he was already part of the spongebob team and the others Plankton then took the recipe bottle and kicked the burger so that it bounced very far maybe you would think that Plankton would  took the secret recipe But it turned out that Plankton had repented and realized that what he was doing had messed things up he then gave the magic paper to Spongebob then Spongebob made them all return to their home. Squidward is sad because he really enjoyed his strength earlier, but it turns out that spongebob keeps Squidward's stomach still sixpeck, finally the life of the people in Bikini Bottom is back to normal and they can again enjoy the incomparable deliciousness of the Hai chest credits even though it's only a cartoon this film is very teaching  us about how our attitude should be in terms of working together, we need a trust in teammates and of course a cohesiveness so that the specified goals can be achieved. Eliminate the sense of selfishness in myself because this only causes problems which in addition to harming ourselves also harms many people. see you in the next movie story [Music] 