venom has finally started its theatrical run. and like most comic book movies of the modern era, it contains several post-credit scenes, thirty sequels and what is to come. throughout this video, I'll be discussing both credit scenes for the film. so there will be heavy spoilers with that out the way, and definition. and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. the first post-credit scene of venom sees Eddie Brock, played by Tom Hardy, and during a present to interview Cletus Kasady, played by Woody Harrelson. fans of the spider-man comics will instantly recognize the name as the alter ego of Venom's nemesis, carnage. Cassidy speaks to Brock and says, do you want to know what me being a serial killer is like? do you want to know the carnage? that's the end of the first post-credit scene. yeah, yeah, the writing is bad. it's bad still. though I'm quite excited to see where they go with a character in future. and Harrelson definitely has the acting chops to pull off the role. but those unaware carnage is a symbiote similar to venom, but with more rage and a desire to kill, driven by Cassidy's insane personality. the other post credits scene starts up once all titles have rolled, and we see, in another spider burrs appear on the screen. the trailer for spider-man into the spider verse then plays and teases what is next to come from Sony Studios. so what do you think of the post-credits scene for venom? you feel a bit let down by one of them just being a trailer that we've already seen all? are you excited for what's to come? and what would you like to see in future sequels? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film, recently I covered the ending of the new Netflix film, hold the dark. so make sure you check that our next linked at the end of this one. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 