hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a science fiction film. eva, spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. after a 10-year absence, the renowned cybernetic engineer, alex returns to his hometown on the behest of the robotic faculty led by his old mentor. he's picked up at the airport by his brother, who used to be a cybernetic engineer as well. this is the time when humans live along with high intelligence robots, some of which are even built with emotional memory chips, allowing them to behave free style to some extent. alex visits his old mentor as she lectures students in a robotics laboratory. when a small robotic horse continually fails its tests, it's dismantled repeatedly by students with a self-destruction code. alex gently admonishes them, telling them that even if they restart the robot, it will never be the same, for its emotional memory, that is, its soul, has been all destroyed. alex's mission this time to finish the si9, a robot built to resemble a child, a project that alex abandoned prematurely after years working on it. he later returns to his deceased father's house in order to complete his work. the next morning, he's wakened up and met by si7 robot butler, sent to cook and clean for him. leaving the robot butler to do the cleaning, alex drives back to the faculty, where he and the mentor view videos of children, trying to find a suitable child to model the si9 robot in its emotional intelligence. but alex considers them all too ordinary. they would only make an ordinary robot modeled from them. before he leaves the faculty, he happens to take the lecture of his old lover, lana, who's given up researching to teach. lana surprised a little bit by the sudden arrival of the man she's never seen for almost 10 years, they just show some polite greetings to each other. on his driving home, alex's attention is caught by an unusual girl in red playing the snow along the street. alex then strikes up a conversation with the girl, eva, who seems not timid at all towards such a strange guy, but rather teasingly calls him a pervert. he then takes a video of her before she leaves, believing that he might have found someone unique. when arriving home, alex admires the housework done by the robot butler, who, however, is startled and frustrated by alex's robot cat when it doesn't listen to commands. alex tells him that it is a free robot with illegal programming that allows it to behave with a free mind. trying to avoid any troubles, alex lowers down the butler's sensitivity level. he then turns to test a small robot with a set of emotional personalities, observes and takes record of its detailed reactions. but right when alex is interrupted by a phone call, the robot gets panicked by a burning cigarette and loses control. without any choice, alex has to shut down for good. that night, alex is invited to visit his brother for dinner. alex is surprised to discover that eva is actually lana's child, who's talkative and naughty at the table, and seems to make him feel easier. at the brother's home, where he's quite embarrassed at the beginning by the situation atlanta, who's originally in a relationship with him, but later got married to his brother after he left the town 10 years ago. alex keeps watching the video of eva taken during the dinner. is attracted so much by eva's unique personality, considering her the right girl to model the si9 in emotional recognition. while at the same time, alex seems unable to hide his true feelings about lana. the next day, morning, alex is wakened up by some knocking noises from the rooftop. he finds it's the naughty eva, who receives a warm welcome from the butler. alex then tries to persuade her to join the si9 modeling. eva, however, feels bored by the emotion collection process. she instead advises alex to raise the robot's self-awareness emotional level, which seems to amuse eva much more. later that night, during a bath, iga asks lana about alex, but lana just tells her to stay away from him, and later demands alex not to get even involved in his project. the mentor, to alex's surprise, also doesn't want even to be in the si9 project, for she believes that it should be modeled after a boy not a girl, and warns alex against the negative emotional side effects of the change. with that being said, alex tries to turn his attention away from eva, who, however, begins to play naughty on him and demands that his next robot should be modeled after her. trying to keep it secret, they go ice skating and hiking, while alex keeps collecting her emotions. eva also discovers his lingering feelings about lana. the other day, alex turns to experiment on the si9 robot with his new emotion programs. it functions seemingly well at the beginning, but due to its high self-awareness programming, it becomes hostile to alex after he laughs at it in the same way eva became upset, it throws a chisel at him. in a fury, alex has to say the self-destruction code to it again, causing it to die, along with all of his work on it. the frustrated alex later goes to the graduation party where he invites lena for a slow dance, experiencing the same feelings, as ever from his old lover, but much to the annoyance of his brother, who just leaves lena then takes alex with her to look for him outside, where alex impulsively kisses her. lana gets disturbed by the man's rash kiss and runs off. while the brother who had seen the kiss, however, punches alex down in his face and tells him that he already abandoned lana once, he should leave her alone back home. and frustrated alex turns up the emotional level of the butler, who actually gives him a warm, but brotherhood hug. the disappointed alex tells the mentor that he's gonna quit the project, while the mentor accuses him of leaving another project half finished. he also visits eva to tell her that he is leaving, upsetting her much though. back at his house, alex is visited by lena, who tells him that she doesn't want him to leave. they kiss, but without the hormone let go. lana begins to tell some secrets unknown to alex. eva approaches to see them through the lab's glass roof and happens to know what lana's talking about. frightened by their conversation, either runs off in a panic, lana pursues her, but tells alex to stay for her return. moments later, she finds eva unconscious in the snow by the cliff. lana soon slices her skin on the back and opens up a panel revealing that eva is actually a robot, their half-finished product on the si 9 10 years ago. lana replaces an energy bar into eva's back, and eva regains consciousness. but eva is still frightened and hostile to the truth. when lana tries to grab her, eva pushes her away, which makes lana falls off the side of the cliff. the panic diva then returns to alex's house alone and faints into his arms. that night, after a phone call from his brother, alex rushes to the hospital with eva, arriving just minutes before lana dies. the following day, the mentor visits alex, telling him that lana finished the former si9 project after he left, but eva could not pass the security test and thus wasn't considered safe enough to use. despite that, lena insisted on keeping eva. due to her cause of lana's death, eva cannot continue to live. she will kill her, putting an end to that unfinished project. alex, however, tells her he will do it himself. on the other side. eva is caught in deep sorrow by her mother's death. she confesses her guilt to the butler who has to comfort this poor little girl in his robotic way. alex takes eva to skate one last time, standing before an icy overview of the whole town. eva keeps begging alex to fix her. alex, however, remains silent to her all the way back to his house, where the butler welcomes their return, but sits down to the chair slowly, sad and seemingly knowing will happen next. back into the lab, seeing alex shuts down the instruments, eva quickly realizes that alex can't fix her. she then lies down peacefully, and as one last request, she asks for a bedtime story. with the story finished, alex holds the frightened eva tightly before saying the self-destruction code, which ends her programming. immediately, alex looks on at the dead evil with tears as the bulb of eva's emotional memory shatters away. the final scene reveals a new memory bulb in which alex reunites with lana and eva on a beach. they play in that paradise happily forever is daniel cc movie channel, bye. 