hey, what's up guys. welcome back to another episode. today i'll show you a romantic fantasy film when we first met. spoiler ahead, watch out and take care. at a 2014 halloween party, noah meets his favorite girl, avery, cute and sexy, but most importantly, she shares many common topics with noah. as they get to know each other deeper, noah follows avery to her apartment, where he mistakenly believes that he's going to let go of his hormone with his girlfriend to be, who, however, just comes to regard him as her friend, a lady bro three years later, noah remains distraught at being unable to win over avery, who met her fiance, ethan, the next day in the supermarket, and is going to be engaged with ethan right now. frustrated by their engagement, noah becomes intoxicated party. he's then brought off the party by their mutual friend, carrie, who asserts that there's not any single love spark she can see between him and avery. but the intoxicated noah rebuts her assertion. he believes that he's meant to win avery back. noah is later brought to a local bar where he continues to intoxicate himself with his best friend, max, a company ceo. he then winds up in the photo booth he used with avery during their first meeting, and drunkenly operates it with a flashlight twinkling. he moans out some regrets and wishes of his life before falling asleep. awakening in his bed the morning, noah gets a headache due to the alcohol last night, so he makes his way out for some drinks. he's confused by people on the street, for they seem to prepare for a halloween party, which should have happened last night. he's confused even more by a newspaper as he checks the date october 31st, 2014 on it. he then meets his friend max, who's with him last night, but only finds that max, instead of a ceo, is just an operator. astonished by his surroundings, noah then finds kerry as his last resort, who, however, actually doesn't know him at all, but instead treats him and max as the stalkers. noah, however, cheers up that time for his brought backwards to the day he first met avery, he resolves to change the events of that day to ensure he and avery end up together. trying to give a better impression to avery, he gets himself well prepared for the party, where he uses his pre-existing knowledge of avery to his advantage to win her over. with many surprises and coincidence created by noah, avery begins to show her great interest in this man. by the time noah rushes to kiss by avery and want to run away before her roommate carrie comes back, he's unfortunately caught up by carrie, who claims noah to be a stalker and beats him to fade out. by the time noah wakes up in his bed, believing it's just a nightmare. he later finds himself, however, brought three years fast forwards to the day right before their engagement party, starts, still being treated as the same stalker by carrie and avery. however, he's then kicked out of their house. confused totally, noah searches himself for any clues for the current situation. with a photo of him and avery taken that night, he realizes that it's the photo booth which could bring him back to the day he first met avery. he then visits the booth again and utters his wishes before switching it on. noel wakes up in the halloween day of 2014, again, this time at the party. he follows max's advice of being a rude man, the so-called best strategy to hook a party girl, which turns out to be a great success. they let go of their fully loaded hormone right following the party. however, three years later, in the present day, noah develops a self-absorbed personality, and avery just treats him merely as a [ __ ] friend. trying to avoid avery's meeting with the muscular ethan, who's fitness trainer, noah has to join their fitness plan, but only suffering from the training. and realizing that avery and ethan are still attracted to each other. during a conversation with carrie, he gets to know what avery really desires is a stable family with a dependable man. hoping to change the past, again, noah visits the photo booth and travels back to 2014, when he gets a decent job at max's company and presents himself in a more mature and gentle manner to avery, which finally helps win her heart successfully. three years fast forwards to the present day. noah becomes a rich company ceo and is going to get engaged to avery. however, his friendship with max has ended due to his taking the ceo position that max was working hard to obtain. what's worse, his job commitments prevent him from spending time with avery. and noah's engagement party with avery, ethan, however, gets himself heavily intoxicated while on the way to send ethan back home. noah gets to know that ethan is still distraught over avery being unable to return his love for her. in the following conversation with carrie, noah recognizes further that avery does not actually love him, and she is meant to be with ethan. while at the same time, noah realizes that, as his relationship with kerry grows through their personal conversations, he's meant to be with carrie, who's always there. but he just targeted the wrong girl. traveling back to 2014 for a fourth time, noah arranges for avery and ethan to meet at the halloween party, while he turns to pursue his destiny girl, carrie, whom he discovers he has more in common with than avery. noah feels at ease finally for the bonds with his right girl. and a photo of four witnesses their happiest moment of that time. three years later, to the present day, noah confirms that his actions do restore ethan and avery's engagement and his friendship with max becomes the company's ceo. he comes meet carrie, happily trying to convey his best kiss to her. however, noah is shocked to learn that he didn't win carrie's love after that, but instead, carrie has now parted away with him and resumes her relationship with her ex-boyfriend. figuring out that carrie is meant to hold a relationship with her ex-boyfriend first, noah travels back one last time to meet avery and carrie, but he doesn't make any changes to their relationship. this time. three years later, with the present day fully restored, noah shows up at the engagement party of avery and ethan and initiates a conversation with carrie, who's just dumped her boyfriend not long ago. while in the final scene, the two begin their own relationship. this is daniel cc movie review, peace out 