hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're going to be talking about the 2009 film, Terminator Salvation, the 4th Terminator film. so let's get started. the summary relies heavily on knowledge of the previous films. if you haven't seen them already, check out my spoilers in the links below. the film opens in 2003 with dr. Cogan of Cyberdyne systems convincing a death row inmate Marcus Wright, designed over his body for medical research. after his execution. a year after this, Skynet is activated, and billions of humans are killed by the machines in a nuclear event known as Judgment Day. the film transitions to the year 2018, where John Connor is leading an attack on a cyber net base, where he discovers human prisoners and schematics of a new type of Terminator, which will incorporate living tissue. John is the only survivor after the base is destroyed by a nuclear explosion. after John leaves, Marcus emerges for the wreckage and begins to walk towards Los Angeles. John goes to the resistance headquarters located on a nuclear submarine, where he tells general Ashdown of what he found at the base. the resistance has also learned of a kill list that the machines have to take out the command of the resistance. John is number two on the list, and directly behind Kyle Reese. most are unaware of Kyle Reese's significance, but John knows Kyle will eventually go back in time and actually be the father to John, which occurred in the first film. John also goes to see his pregnant wife, Kate, and meets with his second-in-command, Barnes. we find Marcus has made his way to the ruins of Los Angeles, where he battles a t600 terminator and is saved by Kyle Reese. they are later attacked at a gas station, which they survived the attack. however, Marcus, Kyle and several others are taken prisoner and placed on a transport. the transport is attacked by some resistance planes, and the prisoners are able to escape and head towards John Connor space. Marcus locates one of the pilots that was shot down, Blair Williams, and she travels back with Marcus. on the way. however, Marcus is wounded by a landmine and the resistance fighters discovered that Marcus is actually a cyborg. however, Marcus believes that he is human. john believes marcus was sent to execute him, so he orders they have Marcus killed. the pilot Blair helps Marcus escape, during which Marcus saves John's life from Skynet's robots. John and Marcus make a deal. John will let Marcus live if Marcus will help break Kyle and the other prisoners free from Skynet's headquarters in San Francisco. Marcus enters into Skynet's headquarters, takes down their defenses, allowing John and the resistance to enter. Marcus learns that he was actually designed by Skynet system to war John into the base in order to get him killed. Skynet also uses a radio signal from the resistance to track down the human command submarine, destroy it, killing the resistance leaders. Marcus removes the portion of hardware linking him to Skynet and helps John battle the new t800 Terminator robot, who looks very similar to a young Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Terminator from the first three films. Marcus is able to defeat the t800, though John is severely injured, but able to detonate explosives all around the Skynet base. John, Marcus and Kyle are airlifted out, and Marcus offers his own heart for transplant in order to save the dying John. John later radios to the resistance fighters that though the battle has been won, the war is far from over. concluding the film. so that was the spoilers for Terminator Salvation. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 