[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who's like captain america, because i've always got shields behind me. and and that's because i'm from a town called south shields in england. so a bit about me there. anyway, you don't care about that. what you're here for is to learn everything you need to know about madame hydra. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the character's origins in the comics and a vanity fair article that teases where she will be going in the future. we're also going to be giving our theories on why she could be forming the thunderbolts and all the dark avengers, due to what we know about the marvel universe. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen episode 5 of falcon in the winter soldier and don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. smash the thumbs up button if you enjoy it. and don't forget to subscribe for videos like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into who madame hydra is. okay, so there are actually two people who've adopted the moniker madame hydra in the comic books. firstly is ophelia sarkisian, who first appeared in captain america 110. a hungarian orphan, she was taken under hydra's wing, and after being put through the organization's brutal training, she rose through the ranks and gained a position as one of its top leaders. however, she eventually left the group and joined the serpent society, which is where she killed its leader, viper, and took his name. now, the other version of the character that we meet in the show is called contessa valentina allegra de la fontaine, or val for short. just just don't tell her even thought that. now, both she and her family were sleeper agents for the group leviathan, and they were placed inside an anti-communism movement. here they caught the eye of dum dum duggin, who was completely unaware that they were actually performing special operations for the group. val ended up becoming a shield agent, and during her training, she came face to face with nick fury. valentina actually bested him in hand-to-hand combat, and he was like, well, this is totally normal from a person in training, let's give her lots of power and authority. she ended up becoming a leading member of shield, kind of person who has clearance level 10 and stuff. and she was sent on several missions. the contessa was successful in a hell of a lot of them. and she even ended up starting a relationship with nick fury. val actually drove a wedge between him and captain america as she flirted with the latter off and on. and this angered nick. it even led to the two facing off against each other. because if cap is willing to travel through time just to get a girl, then you know the man will do whatever he can to steal yours, r.i.p, peggy's husband. now, the contessa gained more and more power over the years, and she secretly joined hydra, which is where she took the madame mantle val was pretty much a triple agent at this point. is it? i don't know, but she was working for a lot of people. and she betrayed hydra to her masters. leviathan, the aforementioned viper, almost died during one of their many battles. and it led to an all-out war between several shadowy factions eventually she was discovered and unearthed as a sleeper agent within shield, and the character was sent to prison to spend the rest of her days behind bars. now as for the show version, we know she's out in the wild. and according to the wiki for black widow, she will be appearing in that movie too. shout outs to superhero nexus for sending me that bit of info, along with a vanity fair article that opens up a lot about where the character could be going in the future. now, the article starts off by saying that this is one of the better kept secrets in marvel history. that's definitely true. and i spent the last week trying to narrow down who the actress could be, and settled on it being a blonde woman, which, as we saw, was completely right. but paul, it wasn't completely right, i said, now, julia louis dreyfus is an 11 time emmy-winning actress, and she will be playing the contessa going forward. beep. co-star tony hale has apparently known for a long time, and he actually told vanity fair, selena was so atrocious, but then you loved her at the same time. i think that makes a really good disney villain. we now know that they meant marvel. but hey, it all makes sense. and as always, it's all connected. now, the article goes under theorize that she might actually be the power broker in the finale. it's definitely something that's a possibility, and the show could be setting it up to make us think that sharon carter is when it's really valve behind it all. madame hydra frequented mad rapport in the comics. and thus she could be the power broker all along. she clearly has a lot of things going on, and might even be keeping her eyes on walker as a way to get the highly coveted serum from him. we know through isaiah bradley, that it can be replicated once it's taken from someone's blood. and thus it does make a lot of sense that she would be able to get it from his cells. now the article goes under theorize that, because she was originally a russian sleeper agent, that she may be part of black widow's red room training program, and that this is how she'll show up in the film. however, it's interesting that she's going around recruiting people, much like nick fury, especially because of their relationship. in the comics, she's very much in opposite to that in the latest entry of falcon in the winter soldier. and she could turn up at the end of widow, potentially taking elena bulova. in the comics, val was also part of a group known as the femme force, which had sharon carter as a leader. so the pieces are definitely in place to tie everything together, should they ever need to. either way, it seems like they're setting her up to be a very influential character going forward, and that she will likely be someone, i think, who brings together either the thunderbolts or the dark avengers. in the most recent episode, zemo was sent to the raft, which was a prison that we saw in civil war, overseen by general ross. he would go on to form the thunderbolts, which is sort of an avengers group of anti-heroes. kevin feige has stated that the abomination will to be coming back at some point, and that he is currently situated at the raft too. this it makes a lot of sense that ross would be bringing the criminals together under that roof in order to form a brand new team. now, this is all just me theorizing at the moment. but with the inclusion of louis dreyfus, i do feel that almost everything is adding up for us to see the formation of a new team. it seems weird that they would even bring a character and actor in of this statue that was walking around recruiting people, if it wasn't for something much bigger. so expect to see these blank cards dotted throughout the mcu. and whilst the avengers are out of action, there is room for new people to come in and take control. the thunderbolt lineup is starting to slot into place. and when you have characters like us, agent zemo, abomination, taskmaster and elena belova all waiting at the sidelines, then you can bet that there are plans for them in the future. there's also the possibility of her being a scroll in secret invasion. and i'll, i'll stop before this gets to mephisto. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the character and what you want to see happen in the mcu going forward. comment below and let me know. and as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize during the 30th of april, in which we're giving away three copies of zack snyder's justice league in 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the links to our socials are also in the description. and you can support the channel by clicking the join button. and as a thank you, you get videos like this early. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out operation of episode 5, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom and offered up our theories, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been poor. i see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 