[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to zip through the made-for-tv classic, dark night of the scarecrow. if you find yourself in need of tips on how to remain on the outside of an active threshing machine, please consider subscribing to the channel. let's get to it. [Music], we opened on Bubba, a simple man with the mind of a child. he's been befriended by Mary Lee. the two of them are singing and playing in a field of wildflowers. they finished their neck wreaths, and she insists on the customary cheek kiss that accompany is such a gift. unfortunately, this lewd act is witnessed by old man, Otis the bird-watching postman, who immediately screws off to relish in the tasty drama sure to ensue from this news. unfortunately, no one else is as disturbed by the news, although they are willing to put the boots to him if and it's needed. Otis understanding that any remediation would be temporary due to Bubba's poor memory, is beginning to ponder a more permanent resolution to the problem created within his own mind. soon, Bubba and Mary Lee find themselves in a forbidden garden, which Bubba wisely refuses to enter. Mary Lee, however, chooses to exercise her child privilege, entertaining him from a distance, pantomiming is a bird and a bird bath and getting mauled by a dog. Bubba gets her home, but fears he was too late, and understands dimly in the back of his mind that this don't look good. sure enough, Otis gets wind of Mary Lee's death and goes straight to his gun drawer before closing shop and calling up the posse Gator, because he's got the truck snake legs, who brings the tracking hounds and fatter, oh, because he's always down for whatever. Bubba gets home and tells momma the townsmen are after him again. so she convinces him to play the hiding game and then waits. soon enough, the men show up, having tracked him through the woods. they've got the bloodlust something fierce, but they're mighty tired, and they asked Miss Ritter to cough mop under the authority of the Postmaster General. she refuses. so they followed the dogs, which lead them to a scarecrow in a field, seeing the scarecrows got eyes. Otis leads his men in the time-honored tradition of enacting vigilante justice. this is then followed by the time-honored tradition of learning they were overeager II and got it completely wrong, as the culprit was a dog. and it wasn't actually that bad. Mary Lee is fine and recovering at the clinic. and so Otis attempts to cover their tracks, right as wind blows through. flash-forward to the small town court proceedings. being good men who contribute to the town, the judge decides to let them go, but only so long as they absolutely promise they gave Bubba the chance to surrender. I want you to tell them whether you are these men gave the deceased a chance to surrender himself? yes. run several times. I mean, they promised and everything, and that ain't nothing. they get a good scolding by mama, but then a huge pat on the back by the whole town. yeah, whole town, ass and they enjoy some finger-lickin chicken as a universe prepares to compel them to reap what they sow, merely ignorant of Bubba's fate goes to see her friend. technically, yes, she lets herself in, eventually finding MS Ritter, who tells her about Bubba being gone forever, never to return. but she seems to fail to pick up on the death fight when she runs out to their place spot and whimsically implies it he's just playing the hiding game. over time, things get back to normal, until heartless discovers an unsolicited scarecrow and his unplanted field. he immediately blames the boys, assuming he's now low man on the totem pole with Bubba gone. but they insist they're on the level. they arrive at the halfway house where Otis lives to confer with him, witchcraft being an immediate concern, but the oat man suspects the DEA, the presumption being he's looking to shake loose some evidence. so he recommends they keep their head on a swivel and stop meeting up under suspicious circumstances. Arliss gets home drunk off his ass and finds the prop now empty and his courage returned. but there's a disturbance in the barn. he investigates, following the noise up to the loft, and then gets real dramatic about falling into the now act of Thresher. the boys find themselves in an absolute tizzy about the events. Otis tries to brush it off, until the question is asked, if heartless was alone, then who, pray tell, turned off the Thresher afterward? so they do their own investigation and find that, sure enough, the Thresher has a wet tips worth the petrol still in it, confirming someone else had to have turned it off. so when delivering a package, he shakes down Miss Ritter for info, suspecting her of engaging in extra judicial justice, something he doesn't approve of one bit when it's turned against him. but she runs him off with accusations of his desires toward young girls. leader that evening, Philby emerges from work after polishing off his nightly elephant ear, and learns he's next. but it's all good, because Otis is on the case, already beating some bushes around the local child population, trying to ascertain some info from the pranksters circuit. marylee lets him know that she knows what he done, and says Bubba told her. he seems to be shocked by her knowledge of the events, as if the whole town hadn't previously congratulated him on his successful rage murder. he tries to trick away the inner turmoil, but his libations are ruined when his sweaty pals rush in and tell him, would Phil be done? seen spooked to find the Scarecrow missing, the boys suggest a no sleep slumber party. but Otis has a better plan. assuming Miss Ritter must be the one feeding all this info to marylee, he goes to threaten her until she stops pranking his boys, but he accidentally kills her. now he just needs to make sure he covers his tracks in the way out, and that shouldn't do it. the following night, Philby is finishing his workday when he hears someone riland the swine. he runs out with his Hickory stick, achieving nearly perfect swatting form. however, when he sees a figure in his office, he's drained of courage and very intelligently locks himself in the grain silo. and then it's corn for dinner. hope you like corn. looks like corns back on the menus boys, or something. and Otis breaks the news to Skeeter, who loses his damn mind. but he manages to bring him back down and convince him they need to rule out Bubba himself as the culprit. so they go to the cemetery for some good old-fashioned desecration with the body present in the coffin. notice is now convinced it must be merely what's behind these shenanigans. and Skeeter again unravels. Otis promises to go to the police to placate him right after he gets done closing up that their casket and fill in the hole. while distracted with this task, Otis reveals his actual designs to have Skeeter keep of a company in perpetuity. he then drives home drunk and runs off the road to avoid Mary Lee, then pursuing her into the pumpkin patch. when he lays hands on her, Bubba gets summoned, he magically pilots the tractor in Otis's general direction. with Otis now left to assume the corporate must be Sam the DA's, since everyone else is either dead or accounted for it. he pleads with him to be reasonable. instead, he served dose of poetic justice as he's run down slowly until he impales himself on a pitchfork. representing what will become the final service of retribution through forced accident. the movie that ends with Bubba's calming reassurance from Mary Lee that there's nothing to fear in life, because the afterlife clearly exists. I wasn't expecting to have a couplet of movies this week anchored around grown men with the mental capacity of a child. but it makes for an interesting comparison, because the disparity in quality between this film and unhinged is staggering. Dark Knight of the Scarecrow has one of the most structured and well-thought-out scripts I've ever broken down. kudos to everyone involved in making this TV movie. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 