welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the invisible guest. [Music]. spanish businessman adrian doria, is out on bail after being arrested for the murder of his lover, laura vidal. his lawyer, felix slava, hires prestigious defense attorney, virginia goodman, who visits him early one morning with the news that the prosecutor has found a witness who will be testifying in front of a judge soon. so he must tell the whole story quickly. adrian tells virginia how he and laura ended their affair months ago, but received a call blackmailing them to come to a rural hotel with 100 000 euros. at the hotel, adrian was knocked unconscious and awoke to find laura dead in the bathroom. the police arrive and finding the room door locked and chained from the inside, break in. the windows are locked and the handles removed during the winter, leaving adrian the only suspect. after his arrest, his wife leaves him and takes their young daughter. virginia insists adrian is not telling her the whole truth. adrian then narrates further back, how he claimed to be in paris, but was really in a cabin with laura. as they drive back to barcelona through sierra white kanyone's daguara tries to convince her to end their adulterous relationship. distracted, adrian swerves into the oncoming lane to avoid a deer clipping another car, which hits a tree. although they are unhurt, the driver of the other car, a bank employee named daniel garrido, 23, is killed. laura rationalizes that it is not entirely their fault, since daniel was texting and not wearing his seat belt. when another car approaches, laura pushes daniel's body down across the passenger seat, and she and audrione pretend to exchange insurance information. she answers daniel's phone when it rings to continue the ruse, and the other driver leaves convinced. laura waits for a tow truck in adrian's car, which will not start. while adrian dumps daniel's car in a lake with his body in the trunk. adrian remains around the place of the accident, while laura departs with the tow truck, towing adrian's car. later on, laura, upset, returns to the place of the accident, where adrian is still waiting, driving adrian's car and tells him how his car was repaired. an automotive engineer thomas, drove by and offered to help laura, who claims she hit a deer. he towed adrian's car to his tomas house to fix it. while talking to tomas wife, elvira, laura sees some photographs and realizes daniel garrido as their son. laura, who still has daniel's phone in her pocket, hides it in their couch as elvira calls looking for her son. as laura leaves in adrian's car, tomas garrido notices her adjusting her seat, proving that she was lying when she claimed she was driving. he notes the car's number plates. as laura leaves, after adrian sells his car and reports it's stolen, he parts ways with laura, hopefully for good. within a few days, adrian is summoned to the police station as tomas has reported his plate number to the police. felix arranges for a false alibi for adrian in paris and bribes the police to remove adrian's name from the garrito case file. when the news report that daniel is on the run after embezzling money from the bank, adrian confronts laura, who admits that she had taken daniel's wallet when they put his body in the trunk. later on, using the information of daniel, laura, whose husband works for the same bank, hacked into daniel's account and stole money to create a fake trail. adrian tells her that what she did is wrong, but laura threatens to frame him too. adriana's named european businessman of the year, and tomas poses as a reporter during the ceremony to confront him. tomas notices that adrian pulls out the same cigarette lighter he saw when fixing the car. he begs adrian to tell him where his son's body is to bury him. as security removes tomas. days later, adrian receives a photo of a lake with instructions to take laura to the rural hotel with 100 000 euros. adrian thinks the blackmailer may be the driver they saw after the accident, if he followed adrian as he dumped the car into the lake back in the present. virginia suggests that to save himself, adrian could claim he saw the face of the man who hit him in the rural hotel room, and that attacker was tomas. she tells adrian that there was no surprise witness, referring to the witness virginia mentioned when she and adrian just met each other, and she only told him that to force him to tell the truth of the whole story quickly. adrian then reveals he had always known it was tomas, as he did see his face, but was also testing virginia. virginia suggests planting an item of laura's in the trunk of daniel's car with daniel's body and claiming she acted alone. adrian then confesses that as he was pushing the car into the lake, daniel woke up. as he was only unconscious, an autopsy would reveal he drowned. virginia is shocked, but states she will not reveal this to the judge. virginia says laura's autopsy shows she was suffering from anxiety, likely from a guilty conscience, and suggests adriana's lying to make it seem like laura was the mastermind behind their deceit. however, virginia says she believes tomas framed him because elvira, the wife of tomas, works at the rural hotel where laura's body was found. and that's why the burritos chose that place. elvira could have easily unlocked the window for her husband to escape after killing laura, and later locked the window, making it seem like nobody else came in. virginia says tomas has been stalking him, adrian, felix and even herself. and points to an apartment across the street where tomas is lurking. she continues to push adrian, who finally admits that he killed laura and staged the scene. felix phones and leaves a message on adrian's home voicemail machine, urging him to call back, as he was unable to reach him on his cell phone. virginia suggests he returned felix's call. as they take a quick 10 minute break, she exits the apartment and begins to quickly walk with great urgency. adrian, meanwhile, turns on his cell phone and calls felix. felix again says to adrian that he could not get a hold of him due to his cell phone being off. so he informs that the prosecution's witness is indeed the other driver. but his silence was successfully bought as felix questions how the meeting with virginia is going. the call begins to go in and out with high-pitched tones. adrian then realizes the pen exploded and stained his shirt with ink due to a signal interruption caused by the cell phone call, revealing that the pen virginia had given to him was bugged. in their entire conversation with her had been recorded. he recalls virginia turning off his phone previously, most probably so the cell phone signal would not disrupt the recording. he looks into the other apartment and sees tomas standing next to virginia, who reveals herself to be elvira garrido in disguise. using the confession. elvira coerced from adrian. tomas calls the police, as the real virginia, goodman arrives at adrian's apartment. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 