hello. now, welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're telling at the 2005 fantasy adventure film, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, the fourth Harry Potter film. so let's get started. the spoiler does require, in part, they've seen the previous films. if you like to see a spoiler for them, please check out the link in the cards above. the film starts with Harry attending the Quidditch World Cup. and after the game, death years agents of Lord Voldemort begin attacking and terrorizing the spectators and summon the dark Martin to the sky, the symbol for Lord Voldemort. now, in Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts, Dumbledore introduces the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher mad-eye moody, a former R or, a hunter of dark wizards, Dumbledore announces that the school will host the Triwizard Tournament, a tournament between three schools which their top students will face 3 deadly challenges. the other schools arrive, and those wishing to compete place their names into the Goblet of Fire. which one wizard from each school be chosen to compete? Cedric Diggory is chosen from Hogwarts. Viktor Krum, a famous Quidditch player, is to represent der strand Institute, and Fleur Delacour from the BX Baum's Academy of magic. then the Goblet unexpectedly produces a fourth named Harry Potter. only three Wizards are supposed to compete, and Harry is far too young to even enter into the dangerous tournament. but he is forced to, as it is explained by the Ministry official, Barty Crouch senior, due to a magical contract. for the first part of the tournament, they must retrieve a golden egg guarded by a dragon. Harry is able to do so using his broom. the egg contains information about the second challenge, but is a difficult puzzle to solve. but Harry gets help from Cedric. later on, at the school's Yule Ball dance, Harry's crush, Cho Chang, attends with Cedric and Hermione, is asked by Victor Krum, which makes Ron very jealous. the second task involves going into the school's lake to rescue friends there at the bottom, being guarded by Murphy. Carrie places third. well, because he helped save floors sister, they put him in second place behind bedroom. afterwards, Harry finds the corpse of Barty Crouch senior, the ministry official in Dumbledore's office. Harry discovers a pensive a bowl which contains Dumbledore's memories in it. Harry witnesses the trial of Igor Karkaroff, the headmaster of durmstrang, who confesses the names of several Death Eaters after Voldemort's fall. Severus Snape is named, but Dumbledore defends him. also, Barty Crouch jr. is named, which left his father, Barty Crouch senior, devastated. Harry has also been having mysterious dreams about Voldemort and some other man, which he is convinced is Barty Crouch jr. during the final task, the champions must enter a hedge maze and reach the Triwizard Cup. Victor, who is under the mind-controlling Imperius curse, incapacitates floor. harry saves cedric from Victor's attacks. and they've claimed a draw both grabbing the cup at the same time, which turns out to actually be a portkey, which transports them to a graveyard. there they are met by Peter Pettigrew and Voldemort. Pettigrew kills Cedric then uses a ritual to restore Baltimore to its full power. full d'amour then summons all of the Death Eaters, and they challenge Harry to a duel. Harry and Voldemort cast spells at the same time, which causes voldemort's wand to show impressions of the people he murder, including Harry's parents and Cedric. its distracts Voldemort, and Harry grabs Cedric's body and uses the port key to escape. once back at Hogwarts, Harry tells Dumbledore that Voldemort is responsible for Cedric's death. mad-eye moody takes Harry back to his office to interrogate him on what happened, but moody slips up by asking him if there was others at the graveyard, when Harry had yet to reveal that he was at the graveyard at all. Moody then reveals that he is actually the one who put Harry's name into the Goblet of Fire, killed Barty Crouch senior, and has been manipulating the tournament this whole time to ensure that Harry would end up at the graveyard so his blood could be used for the ritual to bring back Voldemort, so that Voldemort could kill Harry. moody tries to kill Harry, but Harry is saved by Dumbledore, Snape and McGonagall. the teachers forced Moody to drink a truth-telling potion, and it is revealed that he is not actually moody, but instead Barty Crouch jr. using a Polyjuice potion to disguise himself. Crouch jr. had escaped Azkaban and is sent back. the real Moody was locked in a trunk this whole time, and is released. Dumbledore reveals to the school that Voldemort killed Cedric, but the Ministry of Magic is opposed to the revelation and denies it. the school bids farewell to one another, and Dumbledore reminds Harry that he is not alone in this struggle. so that was the spoilers for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, so you let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts in the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 