welcome to the falcon and the winter soldier. episode 5, crammed, captain america literally runs away from his problems. but sam and bucky call it as it is. walker is no longer in a fit state to carry the shield, so they tried to talk him down. but his insecurities, as well as his strengths have been increased by the serum, and he's seeing enemies in every corner. each one of these men is a trained super agent with years of experience using their techniques and equipment to out fight each other. the boys are going for the shield, but john walker seems to be going for the kill, and he rips off the falcons wings before the boys work together to dislocate jon's arm as they tear the shield off him, before finishing business with a wwf take down combo. bucky has been telling sam since day one that this needed to happen, long before people got hurt and long before the legacy of his best friend became tainted in blood. back in washington, the council strips walker of his captain america status and discharge him from the military. but jw is sick of them all. he's dedicated his whole life to live by their mandates and become captain america, only to be thrown under the bus. and so he walks out on the hearing. his wife offers support, but they're interrupted by the mysterious contessa valentina allegra de fontaine, also known as viveep, who seems to represent a group that thinks he did the right thing and consider him a valuable asset for now having that serum in his blood. he pays his respect to lamar's grieving family and tells a different version of events, where the man he killed was the one directly responsible for his friend's death. bucky catches up to zemo back in sokovia by the memorial for those lost to ultron. he's done running away, but reminds the winter soldier that the only way to stop carly now is to kill her. however, the white wolf has grown to be more than just a killer, and fedora milaje take him away. sam might have the shield, but he's unresolved about what it represents. and he goes back to visit isaiah, who won't even look at it. he was a rare successful test subject of the super soldier serum, but too black for america to consider as a hero. so instead, he was appallingly experimented on and locked up for 30 years while the government told the world he was dead, the dark history of the captain america program that was kept quiet all this time. he then returned home and focuses on fixing the family boat, with his sister, calling in favors from everyone that their parents had helped out over the years, and the community comes together to do some good. bucky visits as well with a present he got from the wakandans some hard work and simpler problems to solve does everyone some good, and they eventually come to communicate with each other openly. sam is starting to train with the shield, but as a black american, the legacy of it is complicated, something that bucky hadn't considered when he was being angry at sam for not accepting it in the first place. and sam counsels bucky to stop placing his own self-worth in steve rogers opinion of him, and to go put things right for the other people on his list, and ultimately for himself. and the two partners finally see each other as friends. the global repatriation council have shut down the latvian refugee camp in response to the flag smashers, and want to push a vote on the patch act, which would close international borders again and deport 20 million refugees out of the various countries that had previously welcomed them in with open arms for the last five years. basically saying, thanks for helping to keep our economies and infrastructure going after thanos is snapping, but now that everyone is back, we don't need you anymore, so please just go away. and over in madrid, sharon carter seems to be playing both sides as she acts as a fixer to help the flag smashers also hire batroc, who's not actually interested in their cause, but is keen to kill the falcon. so during the vote of the grc hq, the flag smashers, who have plenty of sympathizers to their cause, make their next move. oh my god. oh, and also, john walker is just making his own captain america cosplay. so thanks a lot for watching, and remember to click the subscribe button in order to lose weight and have clearer skin. the series finale is coming up, and i'm pretty excited to see what happens so i'll see you next time guys. and take care. 