welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, the guy who wants to be inside Charlotte Hale like Dolores is. and this video, were breaking down the latest Westworld entry. with the penultimate episode right around the corner, things are really ramping up, and this season seems to be getting better and better with each addition. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the latest entry and giving our thoughts about what's going on in the show. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so if you haven't had a chance to check our episode six-year and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, make sure you subscribe to the channel, because we do fan theories and breakdowns on the show week by week, and you don't want to miss any of the updates. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of Westworld. I've had to make some difficult choices. okay, so firstly, the title of the episode, decoherence, potentially brings a lot with it. I believe it's a play on the concept of quantum decoherence, which, according to Google, means, as a result of an interaction. the wave functions of a system and the measuring device become entangled with each other. I have no idea what that means, but basically, it's a breakdown of States due to elements being kept separate. this likely refers to William, who, due to his isolation, begins to have a mental breakdown. but it could also refer to Hale and the fact that Dolores keeps splitting herself. she's spreading herself thin like butter being scraped over too much toast. and after the death of canals, a similar thing happens to Hale, having been separated from the whole. in this episode, she actually diverges a lot from Dolores, and showcases that different experiences can cause one to have a different outlook, even to oneself who has been through the exact same experiences beforehand. there's a lot of symbolism for her breaking free, or rather, getting quantum decoherence, which we will talk about as we get further into the video. there's also a copy of Dolores that states her path has diverted from the one that is out in the world. and, yeah, just a lot of things tie back to it. we begin with fields once more. and this has been a motif that has slowly been laced throughout Westworld. serac, of course, experienced that last time with his brother after watching the destruction of Paris. and here Maebh is in the sublime. I'm starting to think that the fields are literally a reference to gladiator. and though not necessarily heaven, they may depict a seemingly better life after walking through the fields. Ciroc went on to have wealth and fortune, and Maivia is reunited with her daughter in the afterlife. both, in a way, are falsehoods. and serac, though rich enough to buy Amazon, doesn't seem too happy mirroring this. may we'll have to betray her on people to come back here. and serac is almost blackmailing here, with the reunion of her daughter, to turn against the hosts. her body is being reconstructed after being stabbed through the stomach, and from Ciroc, she requests extra help. later we see that there are hosts being printed that will become her allies. and shoutouts to Logan Lannister read it, for spotting that one of them had the same number as Clem. so yeah, she will be returning. maim is back in war world. and with God mode switch back on, she's relishing the power. elsewhere is William, aka the man in white. William is at inner journeys. this is a reeducation center, scimitar, the one that we saw sir racks brother placed in last week. here the patients all seem to be questioning their lives, whether it's their purpose, reality or Williams favorite subject, existentialism. all those within are going through their own inner journeys of self-discovery. he rifts on the Agent Smith speech from the matrix a bit, but I loved hearing him referring to humanity as maggots feasting upon a corpse. this signifies that he believes the world to be dead, and we will soon have used up all of the resources and be gone with it. he's not getting along with well anyone, even himself. and this episode is very much about confronting the death of his daughter and his inner demons. he's being seen by dr. lang, whose family are trying to contact her, probably due to the collapse of the world on the outside of the facility and how much of a bad person she is. you're evil. you're the biggest villain in West world. later in the scene. we will in the hell life. projection states that she will have an opioid addiction and lose custody of her children, and we'll have multiple affairs with patients. so what is she doing working at energy anis? well, personally, I believe that serac has deliberately chosen people to work there that are prone to break the law, because he needs them too. we recently did a crazy Theory breakdown video that discussed how Caleb might actually be sir axe brother. and we determined that the re-education in the re-education Center title was basically stripping people of their identity and holding them within a prison that reformatted them for society. serac wants to remove the anomalies and strip them of their memories and so on, so that they can go back to civilization and not be a problem. I think this is why caleb is experiencing flashbacks to a life he does not know, and why Dempsey said, you did it. the people that would be required to run such a facility probably wouldn't have the best moral compass, and I think that's why Lange is in such a position of power. however, this early discovery makes her kill herself, which we also saw some sir contemplating in the last episode, that, namely, that guys standing and staring at the sea. it was a lovely view though. William too has come face to face with the fact that his obsession with the game made him kill his own daughter, and he wishes to die because of it. they take a sample of Williams blood, and though we don't know specifically what this is for, they do detect an unknown protein within it. this is likely from when Hale pin pricked his neck. and in hindsight, I believe this was the tracking device, which now allows them to learn of his location in the facility. William gets the implant drilled into his mouth, which is a device that the majority of citizens now where we are yet to learn the purpose of this fully, but they bring attention to it every week. and it is possible that this is used to track people's whereabouts should they leave the facility. Caleb had one on and it was disabled, which could be how his movements with the loris of going undetected. should he be related to Sarah. okay, I'll stop with that now. I know it's probably not true, but but let me dream. anyway, we finally get some time with Hale, who is escorting her son through San Francisco. she passes people in an alleyway spray-painting a maze onto a wall. and this is, of course, a nod to the mace from the park. the people have woken up and discovered that they are all part of loops. I believe this symbolizes their rebellion and self-awareness. inhales X's apartment, we see a circle painting on the wall. this is similar to the one that was hanging up in Ciroc room, and could showcase just how much we ho bomb is built-in to society. she sees that jake has lucked up his profile as he did wish to know what happened between them. however, he decided that it was up to them and not a machine. this is clearly felt deeply by Hale. and the subtext of this scene could be that Hale feels Dolores is the Machine controlling hair. this is cemented by the removal of her bracelet later in the episode, which shows that she is being unshackled from a chains. the statue in her office is also just one person. when she met with Dolores, in the hotel room, we saw one of two people being torn apart, which was a metaphor for Dolores personality being split in two, with the one in the office just being one. I think it does show her evolution and that she will now be fully operating over own accord. Hale meets with the board member who wished for privatization of the company, and so racks thugs kill him and give her a direct line to the character. he is two hours away from acquiring das, and Dolores needs Hale to get the host making data before this takes place. hail protests for the protection of her family, but Dolores states that they're not a family, which she clearly grapples with. Hale says she can feel herself moving away, and this decoherence will likely divert her away from a master in future episodes. Ciroc wishes to have all of Dallas's intellectual property erased, except for the encryption key, which unlocks the guest data and sublime. he knows that there are versions of Dolores within Delos, and he orders everyone to prove that they're real. Hale is caught copying the hosts data by a board member, but she quickly takes him out because snitches get stitches. she also discovers that they recovered canals probe and therefore Dolores, which does pop up later in the episode. a dinner journeys. William is going through the same a our treatment that Caleb once did, and this editing procedure has likely carried out in order to make him fit into society once more. William is taken back to his childhood, where we see him reading a book called sir Rowan and Lady sullen. this book doesn't actually exist, but it's clearly riffing on etherion works. the Lady of Shalott is now the Lady of sullen. sir Kay is now king K and sir Roland is now sir Rowan. I probably butchered all their names, but I believe this taking of the past and twisting it slightly is a comment on Westworld itself and which elements of history, such as the Wild West were taken and repurposed. this is likely where Williams obsession with revisited, fantastical plays on history likely stem from. but before we can learn more on this, he breaks out of it and is seemingly sent to bed. however, a big twist comes when we learn that William is already within an AR simulation. and this is scented out by the return of major Craddock, who plays an orderly within his group therapy session, he comes face to face with key versions of himself from his past. and James tell us on this inner journey, sorry, again, he tackles with the aspects of his personality that put him in this position. I'm glad we got Jimmy Simpson returning. and William revisits his suppressed memories. we discovered that Williams father was a drunk. and whilst it initially seemed that this is what caused William to be the way that he is, eventually we learn that it's William that caused his father to be a drunk. I loved the use of the phrase, if he tell doesn't matter. and this is a call back to Angela who said the same thing to him and during his first visit to West world. it's also what Williams said to the copy of James tell us in season two. and yeah, I do appreciate its appearance here. May believes a pile of bodies in war world. and lease Sizemore arrives to see what's going on. she's killing time and hosts whilst their body is reprinted and then moved back to Dallas. she too brings Hector back and goes to interview the replica of Dolores in the same room where Dolores interviewed Bernard. it's kind of hinting at their coming battle. and they both decide that they will have to fight one another in order to achieve their goals. now may believe that the key to the sublime is in Dolores his head, but I actually think that it's in Bernards. when we saw Bernards pearl in episode 3, it was laced with red coloring. and also canals told him that he was irreplaceable. there is a reason why Bernard was the only other house that Dolores took out, and I believe this is because he's actually the key. here in the board, serac reveals that he knows hail is Dolores due to her actually checking in on her son. sheesh. what a deadbeat mum. Sirach says Dolores his own catchphrase, these violent delights have violent ends. and we watch the house from West world burned up, which I can't show because of Teddy's hail. and leashes gas canister, which knocks the board out. and it turns out that serac was just a hologram. this may return, and you never really know if you seeing the real one or an illusion similar this world, which could all just be a simulation within Rijo bomb. I'll stop with that theory. now, Hale gets away. she kicks butt and destroys Hector's pill. we also see other pills, one of which is clam, but the others that we don't know. there is a lot of potential for it to be Teddy. and James Marsden has hinted that he will be back, but I guess we will see. Dolores, his plan was seemingly always to take out Maeve's allies through hail. and you go to destroy Maeve. I've actually stopped by God's just before doing so. and Hale takes Dolores his pearl just before she's captured. the big mech from episode 3 rescues her. that's an awesome action scene. I love when westfield pulls things out of the bag like this. another cgi does look a bit iffy at some points. it's awesome seeing the Hulkbuster take gods out like that. nothing else where. William is killing the other patience of himself. and we see him going, WWE on, poor Jimmy. William, now free from his past, concludes that he is the good guy in all this. it seems like he will be playing a big part in what's to come. maybe's body is finally created. and i love scene, this scene, especially the eyebrow bit, because because there are fleek, pale manages to make it back to her family, but they're blown up by one of Cyrax men. however, hale manages to climb out of the wreck looking like Anakin from Revenge of the Sith. and a single tear rolls down her face she stares at the wreckage. This Means War. now, going forward, next week's episode looks like it has a lot going on. in the preview, we see a satellite launched, something which could either be a missile or a probe. Caleb's backstory can also be seen, and we learned that he was taking memory suppressants to hide from his past. we also see that Bernard and Stubbs have arrived. that energy unease to get William. now how they managed to get there, we don't know. but I believe that Stubbs is working for serac and were there for know the location. this explains how he was able to sneak into insight last week and say Bernard. and serac did say that he had other moles, so this makes a lot of sense. caleb is seemingly going to get his memory restored. and yeah, we'll hopefully find out that he saw Rock's brother. please, please, let one of my theories be right, please. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode and what your predictions for the future are. comment below and let us know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the series so far. we go through each episode week by week, and also discuss some of the craziest theories that you might have heard on this show. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people or subscribe to the channel. and this month, you can win the Marvel phase 3, part 1 box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sub with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of May, and this will be shipped out from then - ever gets the prize. so best luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 