[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a mystery thriller. film intruder, spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. sayo jin is a well-known architect who is always busy working. half a year ago, he lost his wife in a hidden drawn accident. since then, he has suffered from mental torture. to find the driver responsible, he turns to a psychiatrist to hypnotize himself. whenever he tries to review details of the car accident through his dream, he always falls into another dream in which there are floating balloons, a girl in a red skirt stands next to a carousel with her back facing him. every time he tries to make the girl turn around, he wakes up from the dream. seo jin's daughter knows nothing about her mother's death. he lies to her that her mother has gone abroad. in this way, he struggles to maintain a balance between his work and taking care of his daughter. one day, sayo jin gets a call from an orphanage. it claims that they have found his long-lost sister, eugene. seiyo jin is not surprised to hear the news, for he has seen too many mistaken cases before. so he tells them to do a dna test first. before long, the results of the test come out. it shows that the girl and sayo jin are blood related. say ajin's parents are so excited to find their long-lost daughter. it turns out the theme park he often dreamed about is the place where eugene lost over the past 25 years, seojin has been blaming himself for the loss of his little sister. and his parents are also suffering. however, seo jin has no clear memories about what happened on the day of her abduction. now their little girl has been found and ready to return to the family. after their reunion, eugene works as a nurse and shows her excellent cooking skill. she takes good care of sao jin's parents and daughter. everyone in the family likes her. eugene decides to quit her job and move into the family. the family visits the hospital where eugene works and picks her up. before leaving, they meet a fellow nurse who says goodbye warmly to eugene and praises eugene a lot. it seems like a perfect story to the family. however, sao jin has a hunch that something's wrong with this long-lost sister. on the first day of eugene's return, sayo jin sees a strange man in his house help his crippled mother practice walking. the strange man is hired by eugene without notice. sayo jin feels uncomfortable about that stranger living together with eugene. sayo jin gradually becomes suspicious of her. one day, he even catches sight of an odd tattoo on eugene's back. in a vague fear, he lets the babysitter keep an eye on eugene. eugene and the babysitter sends sayo jin's daughter to learn ballet someday. on the way to the classroom, a middle-aged man with a haggard face is having lunch. upon seeing eugene, he becomes astonished and then tries to catch her up in a hurry. in anxiety, eugene runs alone to the elevator, trying to hide from that weirdo. however, the middle-aged man comes across the babysitter so he traces to the parking lot and stops eugene there. he is so angry and grabs eugene's collar to grill her. it seems eugene must know something. moments later, the babysitter meets eugene panting for breath in the elevator. eugene pretends to be calm, but she can't hide her messy hair and scratches on her neck. they prepare to head home and walk to the parking lot where a murder just happened. the curious babysitter steps to take a look. she is so surprised to find that the middle-aged man has been killed, and a woman's button is left beside the dead body. the babysitter gets in the car to leave with eugene. on their way home, the babysitter is suddenly frightened, for she notices eugene's button is just the same as the one she saw at the crime scene. eugene realizes she has given the game away, so she takes the babysitter to somewhere unknown. later, eugene gets back home with a fake note. the note seems to be written by the babysitter, saying she has fallen in love with a man and run off with him. sayo jin doubts about the note because the babysitter has been loyal to his family and never leaves without any messages in advance. meanwhile, sayo jin's parents and daughters start behaving differently to him. instead, they seem to listen to eugene only, which makes seojin become more suspicious and wonder if she is his lost sister. the police informed seojin about new evidence in his wife's accident. he's shocked to notice eugene in the video footage. however, he didn't even know eugene six months ago. to further make sure about details of the accident, seojin hypnotizes himself again. this time he clearly sees eugene at the scene, as well as the face of the hidden drum driver. seo jin gets home, but only to find another stranger in his house. it's eugene again. she hires an unknown woman to be the new babysitter, who happens to be the lover of the previous stranger sent to take care of sayo jin's mother. sayojin is worried about eugene's identity and continuous intruders in his family. he asked eugene to visit the orphanage together, but is turned down by her. sayo jin then secretly searches the website of the orphanage, but is horrified to find the website is also fake. luckily, he notices an address from the website and follows it to a market where he meets the fellow nurse who once praised eugene. the fellow nurse admits that she was hired by eugene to cheat, and that eugene wasn't a nurse at all. downing eugene's motive, sayo jin rushes home to expose her lies. however, eugene has already won over the entire family. she immediately apologizes and explains that she just tried to create a good impression. sayojin's parents totally believe what she said and blame seo jin for wronging her in the argument. sayojin's mother faints and is taken to the hospital. there, sayojin manages to get a strand of eugene's hair. he then takes the sample for another dna analysis. since eugene comes to the family, seojin's parents and daughter have behaved strangely. she even manages to transfer the property of seo jin's parents. sayo jin is often delirious, but still tries to protect his family. he comes into conflict with eugene several times, but his parents always stand by her side. sayojin's mental state is getting worse. one night, sayo jin breaks out in a cold sweat. he discovers the same tattoo as eugene's on the new babysitter's back. one day, he gets a call from his realtor that there may be someone in his old house. sao jin soon gets there and is scared by what he saw. the dead body of the babysitter is lying in the bathroom. sayojin gets knocked out before he can do anything. he wakes up and finds himself tied by the man who killed his wife. the killer tells seo jin that he and eugene are both from a religious cult where they worship the chosen holy child. to perform rituals, they abduct girls to be the chosen child, and the current chosen child is sayo jin's daughter. so eugene wiggles her way into his family and drugs the family to make them hallucinate, so as to control the family and take away sao jin's daughter. after that, the man tries to kill sao jin for he's known everything. but seo jin spares no effort. after a fierce fight, he manages to kill the man and runs home, only to find police in his house waiting for him. eugene calls the police that sayo jin is behaving wild because of his medication. to convince the police, she shows the surveillance video capturing seo jin's insanity. she can calls the psychiatrist to come to prove what she said. the psychiatrist turns out to be another believer of the cult, and helps testify against ceo jin. under strong evidence, the police arrest sayo jin. seojin is upset and tells the police to watch over his daughter. eugene is satisfied with the situation. she confesses to sayo jin that she has met his wife and made her join their cult. sayojin used to spend too much time at work instead of home. his wife was depressed, but had no one to talk to. eugene ran into her wife at this time, and soon won her trust. as her daughter had been chosen as the holy child. sayojin's wife eventually came to census. she tried to tell sao jin the truth, but had been killed before she could tell determining to save his daughter, sayo jin flees from the police. as eugene tries to escape with his daughter, seojin makes it to catch up with them halfway up a hill. being confronted, eugene tries to gain his sympathy, saying that she is also a chosen child and has spell her life in the cult, being worshipped since her abduction. they get into a tussle, causing eugene to nearly fall off a cliff. sayojin grabs her hand at that critical moment. she pleads with seojin not to let go and begs for his mercy by mentioning what happened to her standing helpless with a blue balloon on the day of her abduction. however, seo jin still leaves her to fall off the cliff, telling her that he still remembers the balloon color is yellow. in the end, the cult has been closed down, and all go back to peace. sayojin receives the second dna test report, but he shreds the file without even taking a look at its result. whatever the truth is, it didn't matter any more to say, oh jin, who might be unable to accept her, even if she's his real sister. this is daniel cc. movie channel, peace out. 