uh, the leaks were fake. you your leaks are fake. it's true, all of it. [Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul aka a. in this video, we're breaking down everything you need to know about the latest episode of the mandalorian the entry title of the jedi has a lot to unpack from it. and it's actually directed by dave filoni, who you may know as the creator of the clone wars. filoni has appeared as an x-wing pilot earlier in the season, but it's nice that they gave him his own fully fledged entry, which does tie into his own properties. he doesn't waste any time getting to what fans want to see. and the episode opens on corvus with the arrival of a character that will make everyone's lightsaber light up. that is ahsoka tenno, played by none other than rosario dawson. now, the last time that we saw the character, she was actually with sabine wren, and the pair was searching for ezra bridget. neither are mentioned in this episode, but that could hint towards what's happened with the group. now, there are two ways that you can look at them, being admitted and either ahsoka and ren found ezra and the latter pair went off together, or something has happened to sabine that has split them up. personally, i'm leaning more towards the latter, and it could tie in with the soaker's quest, which we learned is to track down grand admiral thrawn. thrawn is a massive villain in the star wars expanded universe, and who knows, he may have random bridger, or he could be completely unrelated. now, i did leak the entire plot of this entry earlier in the week, and by the run time of the episode, i think we got everything right. i'll keep my ear to the ground to let you know if i hear anything in addition to what we got sent but for the meantime, it does seem like things could be going into a spin-off show following ahsoka as she attempts to get the bad guys. i did feel like that guy sticking his leg in the shot last week as i ruined everything with the leaks. but unfortunately, the dark side got the better of me. disney actually reached out to me directly, which is why i stopped replying to comments on that video. and i have promised to stop leaking entire episodes. as you know, it ruins the efforts of people behind the show. and and a lot of people in general just don't want things spoiled for them anyway. you don't care. what you do care about though, is what's going on in this episode. now, as bokeh tan said, ahsoka is located near the city of caledon, but there's actually a big bad who's devastated the town folks and the surrounding area. when you hear the word forest planet, you immediately think of lush, green areas. however, corvus is a far cry from that, and it's a complete wasteland of rotten trees and dirt. ahsoka has been trying to find out where thrawn is from a character known as the magistrate who has completely devastated the landscape. the magistrate is actually called morgan, and we learned that during the clone wars, her people were massacred. she survived and then used her anger to fuel an industry that built the imperial starfleet. morgan has plundered worlds in order to carry this out. and it's clear that she's doing the same thing on corvus. henchman is also michael bean, who you may remember as kyle reese in the terminator franchise. bean was a massive star in the 80s, and alongside the machine masterpiece, he also starred in aliens. i love that the series keeps getting actors like this, and it just makes for some awesome tv that i completely fangirl over. i mean, i mean, fanboy. fanboy over now, i don't think i'm exaggerating here or when i say this opener is one of the best scenes in mandalorian history. we watch as ahsoka cuts up the forces of the magistrate with a dual white lightsabers. now this style of fighting is actually called your kai. and ahsoka is also amassed throughout the reverse health style, which we see her wield during this entry. i've done a full breakdown of the character, which you should definitely check out after this. but just to give you the 4-1-1, osaka was a prominent character during the clone wars who survived order 66 and watched the jedi fall from power. ahsoka was the padawan of anakin skywalker, and she even references the character in the episode when saying that she's seen what can happen to the best of them. asaka actually stepped away from the jedi due to her being framed for an attack that she did not participate in. the jedi hunted her, and she became a fugitive for some time, and even referenced the movie starring harrison ford and tommy lee jones, which i'm not kidding that. you know what? that was a great little easter egg. anyway, though she proved her innocence, she saw another side to the order and decided to step away from them, which led to her becoming someone that neither identified as a sith nor jedi, though she gets called it throughout the episode. i think this actually highlights why she doesn't really want to train the child, but we'll discuss that more as we get into the video. ahsoka also wears a cloak for this return, and the last time we saw her, she was donning something similar, though it was a different color. i love the way that it kind of comes full circle here with the white of that turning darker as we kind of get the idea that her more hopeful side has been soured quite a bit. the magistrate forces also have similar voice changes to what leia had in return of the jedi when she was disguised as a bounty hunter. all in all, it's the perfect way to kick start the entry. and ahsoka gives the magistrate an ultimatum that i would have been shaking over. now, osaka says that she must surrender the location of thrawn or be destroyed. i got a lot of vibes of luke in return of the jedi going to jabba to make a deal. and the magistrate, to me, is very much a gangster that's came into the area and taken over it. we also see droids similar to what jabba had in his palace. and even the location that the magistrate resides at is very similar to the locale. now, the magistrate is willing to kill as many people as she needs to to get a sucker to back off, but ahsoka won't do it. it's an awesome setup for the entry. and asaka gives her one day to decide what to do. cut to the child of mando arriving at the planet. and we see a similar scene to what we've had throughout the season. however, this one evolves the little guy in several ways. now, he's still fascinated over that tiny ball on the handle, however. whereas in the past he would have just unscrewed it, here he uses the force to do it, showing that he's becoming more confident with his powers. he doesn't even mind stealing biscuits at this point, and almost wiping out endangered species entirely. man. screw this guy. anyway, cut to corvus, and we watch as mando approaches the city. there's a guard using a tracking gun to follow the ship. and this brought up a lot of imagery of a new hope for me, namely, when a similar thing happened on yavin 4. you also get to see some of the local life that lives in the area, namely, massive beasts that look slightly like bigger dewbacks. they feast on the trees at the location, but as they've been stripped of their leaves, it's unlikely that they're going to get too full of them. mando enters the city, and it doesn't seem like they take too kindly to his kind around here, as he gets given a lot of funny eyes before being called to the magistrate. mando passes an old woman at a market stand who looked a lot like the old woman at the end of rise of skywalker. but again, could be reaching. isn't the first time, definitely won't be the last time. he also catches a man in his two kids, and i sense a great feature for this guy. now, it's not long before he's called to the magistrate, and on the way there, we see a similar standing torture devices to what were used on hero in rebels. the magistrate offers mando a best score spear in exchange for taking down ahsoka. and it's not too long before the pair meet. now, as we've learned from several characters throughout the season, best score is extremely rare at this point, and many people have tried to kill mando just for the fact that he has a lot of it. it, of course, repels lasers and lightsabers, but prying it from the person's hand who bears it is very difficult. so there's a high risk and reward to trying to snatch it. mano goes out into the woods in order to get ahsoka, and you can also spot what looks to be an owl in a tree. i may be reading into this, but i think that could be morai, though that's just me, guessing. anyway, this location kicks off a short but sweet action scene that sees the pair going head-to-head. now, you can never get enough lightsabers in the show, and seeing them duel it out using all they have at their disposal is an absolutely amazing moment. mando nearly gets his butt handed to him, but he brings up bokehtan to end the fight before escalates any further. now it's here that we learn a lot of ins and outs about the child's past, namely his name. i am gonna miss calling the little guy baby yoda, but we now have it confirmed that he's in fact, called grogu. when i announced this on my leak video, i had a lot of people saying he should be called goku, that it should start with a y, like yoda and yaddle. but whatever the case, this is now the character's name, r.i.p, baby yoda. anyway, after a circle mine melts with him, we discover that the character was actually trained at the jedi temple and core ascent before everything went to hell. many masters trained him over the years, but he was never assigned to just one. and nurses had a bit of a difficult past. at the end of the clone wars, when the empire rose to power, he was hidden away. and though we don't know who was behind this, someone took him from the temple. and obviously, i'd love to hear your theories below on who you think this could be. now there are rumors that we are getting a mace windu spin-off series. but whether that's the case or not, i i don't really know. what i do know though is that grogu's memory becomes dark not too long after this, and the character, in some ways, was lost and alone. ahsoka brings up a wise jedi master named yoda, from the same species as him. but as we know during the events of this show, the character is actually dead. groku has kind of shut himself off from the force. but ahsoka agrees to test him. cut to the next day, and they go to an area that has some plant life and vegetation in it. i got a lot of dagobah vibes here. and along with the look to the area, ahsoka also uses rocks, similar to how yoda trained luke. unfortunately, grogu doesn't seem that interested in carrying out the test, and it's clear that he possesses a lot of fear. grow goo has hidden his abilities over the years to survive, but he clearly has an affection for mando. mano manages to get it out of him eventually, when bringing the metal ball from the ship. and i felt like i was watching a proud dad play catch with his son. now it all looks good. however, ahsoka says, because of his attachment to mandel, that it's a bad idea to train him, these feelings can completely destroy someone. and should anything happen to groggy's parental figure, it could lead him down a dark path. we did see something similar with anakin when his mother died in attack of the clones, and that was one of the many cogs that was instrumental in turning the character to the dark side. ahsoka says she's heading back to the village, which is when mando brings up his deal with the villain of the show, who you probably forgot about at this point. armando agrees to help ahsoka take down the magistrate in exchange for pointing him in the right direction. i love how mano mentions a mandalorian and a jedi teaming up, as this was a combo that ahsoka did with several characters over the years. ahsoka was actually one of the leading forces behind mandalore's liberation, and she's teamed up with many of them to do what we basically see here as the final action scene for the episode. i love how bologna kind of uses the limitations that cartoons often have to display violence. and for example, rather than cutting someone in half, we see them stand in front of a horn, which then gets split in two, and subtly suggests to us that this also happened to the person on the other side of it. it's inspired choices like this that really elevate the entry. and ahsoka faces off against the magistrate, whilst mando and michael stan on the outside, waiting for the outcome of the fight. it's very much like this old timely western. and this slow draw has some awesome back and forths to it. there's also a little lothcat cameo as the soldiers are moving through the streets. and overall, it's an amazing way to close out the entry. now, as we said, ahsoka is after the location of thrawn. and in case you don't know who he is, he's basically the big bad that rose up after the fall of the empire in the expanded law. before we get into all that, though, i just want to remind you that we do videos like this each and every day. so if you're enjoying it, then please subscribe to the channel. oh, come here you anyway, thrawn was a chissmail officer who rose through the ranks of the imperial navy during the time of the galactic empire. due to his appearance, he's quite an unforgettable character. and along with his blue skin, he has cheekbones to die for. thrawn believed that to defeat one's enemy, you must understand them, unless he spent many years studying the jedi and mandalorians. growing up, thrawn was part of the unknown regions, and in order to discover what was going on in the main galaxy, he traveled to it, which is where he stumbled across the clone wars and met anakin. thrawn was uninterested in the democracy of the senate, as he thought that if everyone had a voice that nothing would get done. thus he initially rejected chancellor palpatine's offer to join them. but when the galactic empire was formed, he decided to become an imperial as this was more in line with his way of thinking. even though alien species are not normally that welcome in the imperial ranks, thrawn's ability far outweighed any prejudices, and thus he became one of the key members. palpatine gave him the rank of grand admiral personally. and from his ship to chimera, he led the seventh fleet in the expanded universe. he's gone after luke several times and also appeared in rebels. thrawn is a pivotal character, and he actually ended up helping to form the first order, which i think this show or the spin-offs could definitely set up. he disappeared with ezra at the end of rebels, so ahsoka is likely looking for him, purely because she thinks that the two will still be together. anyway, a new leader of kaladin is appointed, but he'll probably be just as bad as the rest. yes, it's politics. yes, we're going meta. mano takes this spear even though he didn't complete the mission, and i guess this is the way now. maybe he's changing, and hopefully we will see him take his helmet off. also, i love the panpipe version of the theme, which is very final fantasy 9, which i completely love. now, mando heads out to tython, which contains the ancient runes of a jedi temple. mando is told that if he puts groga on a seeing stone at the top of the mountain, and he may be able to reach out to another jedi. but we don't know what this entails. now i do think that it could be mace windu, as i've said earlier, but at this point it could also be absolutely anyone else. i think we deserve a big character in it, and though many likely think he's dead, we never saw a body and then order 66 happened. so if it was the character, i would have just bolted without saying mother effer. could also be luke. could be ezra bridger. could be anyone. let me know below. anyway, that concludes another excellent episode of the mandalorian. and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the entry in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of who ahsoka. to know is we tell you everything you need to know about tenno. and it's great puns as well. don't forget, we're also giving away three copies of the marvel phase two box set. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat who's on the discord server linked in the description, or a heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been, paul. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 