[Music]. in 1998, adonis, donnie johnson, the son of an extramarital lover a former heavyweight champion, Apollo Creed, is serving time in a Los Angeles youth detention center when Creed's Widow, Mary Ann visits and offers to take him in. in 2015, Donnie resigns from the Smith Board Lee Financial Group to pursue his dream of becoming a professional boxer. Mary Ann vehemently opposes his aspiration, remembering how her husband was killed in the ring against Ivan Drago thirty years ago. Donnie auditions at the elite Delfy boxing Academy, managed by family friends Tony and little Duke Evers jr. the son of Rocky's trainer, but has turned down. undaunted, Donnie travels to Philadelphia in hopes of getting in touch with his father's old friend and rival, former heavyweight champion, Rocky Balboa. Donny meets rocky at Rocky's Italian restaurant, Adrian's, named in honor of his deceased wife, and asks rocky to become his trainer. Rocky is reluctant to return to boxing, having already made a one-off comeback at a very advanced age, despite having suffered brain trauma during his career as a fighter. however, he eventually agrees. Donny asks him about the secret third fight between him and Apollo, just after Apollo helped rocky regain the heavyweight title, and rocky reveals out Apollo 1. Donnie trains at the Front Street gym a several of Rocky's longtime friends as cornermen. he also finds a love interest in Bianca an up-and-coming singer and songwriter, Donny, now known as Hollywood. Donny defeats a local fighter, and word gets out that he has Creed's illegitimate son. rocky receives a call from the handlers of world light heavyweight champion, Pretty Ricky Conlan, who was being forced into retirement by an impending prison term. he offers to make Donny his final Challenger, provided that he change his name to Adonis Creed. Donny box at first, wanting to forge his own legacy. however, he eventually agrees. while helping Donny train, rocky learns he has non-hodgkins lymphoma. he is unwilling to undergo chemotherapy, remembering that it was not enough to save Adrienne when she had ovarian cancer. his diagnosis and the fact that his best friend and brother-in-law, Polly panino, Adrian's brother, has now died. in addition to Adrian, Apollo and his old trainer, Mickey gold mill, further forced him to confront his own mortality. seeing rocky shaken, Donny urged sin to seek treatment. Donny fights Conlan at Goodison Park in Conlon's hometown of Liverpool. and many parallels emerge between the bout that ensues and Apollo and Rocky's first fight 40 years earlier. first, before entering the ring, Donny receives present from Mary Ann, new American flag trunk, similar to the ones Apollo and later rocky war. additionally, to the surprise of nearly everyone, Donny gives Conlan all he can handle. Conlan knocks Donny down, but Donny recovers to knock Coleman down for the first time in his career. Donny goes the distance, but Colin wins on a split decision, just as Apollo retained his title by split decision against rocky. as the announcer puts it, Conlan won the fight, but Creed won the night. Conlan tells Donny that he is the future of the light heavyweight division. the film ends with Donny and a frail but improving rocky climbing the 72 steps outside the entrance of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. [Music], 