hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm gonna show you a thrilling film, the secret number. when Simon was a little boy, he met an accident in his mother's car, knocking down an old man, deadly, with the sugar beans in the old man's hand scattered all over the ground. the grown-up Simon becomes a psychologist and receives a special patient Sunday, who's a professor with talent in mathematics. the professor tries to prove to Simon that there's still another round number hidden between the number three and four. he calls the number bleem, because what he claims violates definitely against the generally accepted rule in mathematics. the professor is sent to here for the psychiatric treatment. based on some background check on the professor, Simon soon finds out he's even won the Fields Medal, the same level as the Nobel Prize in the mathematics circle. and what's more, the professor got no history of any mental illness before. so Simon's confused much by the case at hand. the second day, Simon interviews the professor again, but the professor insists to claim the existence of the round number bleem hidden between three and four. Simon asked to the professor to show him the blame by use of the sugar beans, with three beans lining up first, the professor seems too unable to show the position of the fourth which makes him extremely anxious and depressed. Simon has to explain to him this is all because there's no blame existing at all. triggered by what's been said, the professor busts into anger and shouts at Simon that he's being stopped by something weird. to complete the proof, the professor vows to do more research on the number of leaned with pen and some sugar beans grabbed from the office. he then later taken into the sickroom 304 under close watch. the scattered sugar beans remind Simon of the car accident happened far ago, when he saw the same scattered on the ground. in the evening, when Simon takes the lift down off his office, the elevator stops for a while between fourth floor and third he feels so astonished. then by the time he reaches home, he replays over and over again the audio records taken with the professor during the past interview of the professor mentioned multi-dimensional space, which would include at least seven dimensions that the average humans can't feel and perceive the most, but only the three dimensions. this is due to the limitation only to human sensory ability, but also, the most important to humans, poor knowledge in mathematics. as long as the hidden number bleem has found out, the mankind may feel and perceive more dimensions, and can even formulate a way that would possibly support the time-travel. still under confusion, Simon comes to a local bar trying to relax his mind, where he happens to see a peanut pop up itself. and what's weird, the professor is drawing formulas on the window glass outside. Simon follows him up to Silent neighborhood where Simon sees the news broadcasting the exact car accident that he's caught in when he's a kid. from the news, a poor old man can't even be identified from the police book records. at that right time, Simon is alerted by a phone call nearby, which, at the same time, disrupts him out of his horrible dream. Simon picks up the phone, knowing that the professor in the sick room 304 has just disappeared out of nowhere, with only the drawn formulas leaving it everywhere on the walls. Simon feels astonished that the professor seems to approve the existence of number bleep. Simon finds a leftover pen cover on the ground, and the only three sugar beans on the table where the nurse happens to take in qu one. but - Simon shocked, there are still three left on the table. suddenly, he comes up to his mind very clearly, that during the car accident, besides the sugar being scattered around, he also found a pen left on the ground without its cover. and the poor old man knocked down deadly, is nobody but the professor. the secret number film mainly uncovers a story where the mathematics professor finally proves the existence of the round number bleem and finds out the key to a multi-dimensional space. based on his findings, the professor even time travels back to Simon's childhood, trying to prove to the little Simon that he's not a psycho. and he successfully made it. however, it seems that the professor could not control exactly the location of his time-travel and got hit dead by the car. this is Daniel CC. movie review. please comment below, thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. see you all next time with more shows. bye, bye. 