before we begin, let me stop by saying this movie is not for the faint of heart. it's full of stuff to make a grown man vomit, like this, and this and this. and flat booty scares me. the stars of our movie today are grant staton iii, mrs reverend moe, a dollar star, jim morrison, who also played jason in solar babies. dr melissa reeves, who also played tara in solar babies. ace from stand by me, which also had bobby from dream a little dream, which also had less from license to drive, which also had danger from dream a little dream, which also had dean from license to drive, and bill s preston esquire from bill and ted, which also had keanu reeves, who ain't in this movie, please. a story begins at this oceanside carnival with these freak shows showing up to steal your girl. and look, some random cop done put the donut down long enough to wave his big stick around, which compensates for his certain little, tiny stick. but david just looked back at him like, imma come back later and whoop your ass. [ __ ]. as you can see, the donut dunk about to star in his own movie. it's not called guess who's coming to dinner? in fact, it's not a movie at all. it's a game show. it's called guess who's going to be dinner your ex edition. oh, i see how it is. you're a big boy in public with your little, tiny stick, and now that the fangs are out, you cluck it like a chicken. but our story really begins with a certain little, tiny family of three, plus that doggie nook, moving to santa claus california. they daddy done up and run off. they mama lose it, broke as [ __ ]. to add insult to injury, she sings like an american idol reject, and her two exceptionally handsome sons are feeling a little understandably uncomfortable at the idea of moving to a town that's referred to as the murder capital of the world, that reeks of decaying, deceased death and rotten death. and to add more injury to insult and injury, mama lucy is moving them all back in with her daddy, who gets his jolly plain deceased on the front porch to welcome his guests and stuffing cotton up dead gopher. he also occasionally partakes of a root beer, a mint cream oreo and a little herbal supplement for his cataracts. personally, i prefer double stuffed oreos. not go for ass. so michael, that's the one that sings, does karaoke on two dollar taco night at hernando's hacienda. it's true that santa claus the murder capital of the world. and he says something reassuring like, well, if all the corpses buried around here was to stand up all at once, and assuming they could cut a rug, we'd have one hell of a thriller remake. okay, if you ever want to get jeb shaking his ass, you just play this song. mama, could you buy me one of them sexy sex things for christmas? oh lord. am i getting the hoodoo put on him by some random jezebel? i mean, she look like she got a little baggage there with that kid she just dragging along behind her. but michael don't seem to care. she thinking he might taste good all rotisserie gold, like them chickens at the walmart deli. sprinkle a little rosemary on that [ __ ] and have yourself a good indian girl. he ain't clocking but pretty soon they might be. they're checking out the walmart, though it dry. meanwhile, over here, michael mama looking for a job. and while the store owner, max, and his doggy, throne, are running these hairband hoodlums out of his stove, mcstarts acting like he's on the bachelor like, lucy, would you accept this lollipop? and she's like, thanks for the snack. and he's like, well, you looking a little peaky and like you need some clothes that ain't sold out of your tablecloth. lucy, would you accept this job? and she does. now over here in horny town, michael ditching his little brother sam for that sexy seductress. but sam's cool with it. he just hits up the comic workshop where he meets the frog brothers, rambo lighting his brother, edgar allan poe, or edgar and alan ram poe, something like that. after perusing the joint for a few minutes and getting harassed for being a noob and insulted for his poor choice in goodwill attire, the frogs offer him a comic that's basically called, vampires don't [ __ ] glitter. and in the meantime, them folks from the carousel scene at the beginning of the movie loot the frogs. and the most shocking thing about this scene is that, by the looks of that large comic book collection they got in that ride, them folks been looting the frogs for quite some time. the next night, michael edited again roaming around the amusement park, buying pleather a tie, considering getting the near and from a guy to look like he give you the hepatitis c none of which is going to distract the women from the fact that you wearing your mama's sneakers. and just as he's about to twinkle that little star, the bad mullet rides again. so they challenge michael to a dangerous race. but the interesting detail is they could all go off the cliff and fly right out of there, while michael would just sink to the bottom of the pacific and turn fish food. and then michael almost died. and then it don't. but just for that, he clocks one right across david's lip, who thanks him by welcoming him into the batcave where they indulge him with chinese food disguised as maggots. and worms and making him drink david's blood. i'm not one to judge, but if i had that psychic ability, i'd be doing the opposite, feeding folks i didn't like megas and worms in front of like a chinese cuisine. so after they suck a michael into becoming a real sucker, they have a little hold down shindig hooting in it, which is pretty damn amazing for having only like, six people in the room. these days, you could have a party of 50 people and they'd be bolder, texting folks sitting in a chair right across the room, playing candy crush and reading stable genius tweets that say brilliant deep state code words like coffey, fade and hamburger. then them crazy fools take him to dangle off some railroad tracks. the positive scene that you don't see is after everyone but michael, let's go. they just flying around in that fog laughing their ass off, wondering how long it's going to take for michael's kung fu grip to give out. now, michael back in bed, and we don't really know how to [ __ ] goddamn, he don't really know how to [ __ ] he got that. his mama don't really know how the [ __ ] he got there, but his mama don't really give her all she wanna do is badger her son to babysit her baby son so she can go have what she thinks is a normal dinner date with her new man's max. but guess who else? got a date? sexy grandpa. and as he leaves with a double stuffed dog, grandpa's, they don't call them old fight for nothing. and these two children can't even have a quiet night at home alone without some undead weeds disturbing the evening. michael goes for a drink of milk around the cotton. that's nasty. but see, he's hungry for something else, a little redder than milk. unfortunately, the only person in his house with something in his veins a little red the milk is his own damn brother. mind his own damn business in the bathtub, singing something terrible, because tone deafness apparently run all through this family. and just look at michael. his mind's telling him, no, but his body, his body is telling him, yeah. putting a nugget, having none of this. probably afraid of grandpa find sam's dead body. he just stuff it and romance some near dead widow with it. instead of wooing the women with pictures. he'd be like, want to see stuff, dead bodies of my grandkids. then sam's like, [ __ ] i know what you are. i can see right through you. so it caused the frogs who say, unless you want to become a state, you got a good state, and drive it right through his cold, undead heart. so mama calls home. michael goes to floating. mama starts screaming, and sam promises michael he won't be a little talented [ __ ]. then mama comes home mad as hell that she didn't get to enjoy her man. get it, her man, edward, her man. and right there on the damn milk cotton is the boy. oh, damn, son's woman just dragging along behind her. then michael channels all his vampiric energy right into death and start like, oh, michael, cluck like a chicken. it turns me on. and so y'all just gonna do it right there in the middle of the bat cave, or i mean, michael love the other vampires swoop up in there, and people on you steak and stuff. the next day, mama lucy takes her man max some wine to apologize for running off in the middle of that dinding. but thorne is like, bit you. about to get yourself a booty bite. so now sam leaps back over to the frogs where they conclude max must be the head honcho discovered out. and the next night, michael invites max in for den. den grandpa creeps on the scene, and sam and the frogs crash the party by trying to choke max with excessive amounts of garlic, causing his willie to draw up really tiny, seeing if they can get that to glow in the dark, and scaring him with the side of his own sucking face. speaking of sucking face, all michael wants is another pounce on that pooty. and dave is like, hmm, maybe i'll hook you up, but only if you go to this, oh, you can eat, beach party buffet. so they all vamp the [ __ ] out. and you know, to this day, this is the only hall scene that makes me a little unsettled. it's not the fangs of the blood. it's just a simple fact that you don't have to enjoy yourself that much when you're eating somebody's brains. and this right here the first time i've ever seen folks eat barbecue then cook it. but michael successfully resists the urge to partake in the feeding frenzy. back at home, michael flies into sam's room and scares the [ __ ] out of him. then stop flies up and tells michael she was supposed to eat him before he ate her, and that she loves him too much to see him deceased. and then she's getting pretty damn thirsty, and he's gonna need something a little stronger than t to deal with this [ __ ]. the next day, while grandpa's installing some quite important and ominous looking fence posts, sam, michael and the frogs go cruising in grandpa's pimp mobile turned matt mobile to the bat cave. while michael rescues star in that kid she just dragging along behind her. sam and the frogs go crawling through a tunnel until they find this smelly hole. and apparently nothing wakes them up, not saying screaming, not talking of offering somebody, not crawling up a ladder. not well, so much for that. and after much wailing, and gnashing of teeth, marco literally drops dead. well, actually, he sort of drops some flops. and david is none too happy about this. but they escaped somehow, and then they almost died, and then they don't. but that one was almost completely their fault. good thing mama lucy won't be there because she got herself a date with her man. but guess who else got a date? sexy grandpa. well, they don't, but they make us think he do. and as he leaves with some quite important and ominous looking fence posts grandpa's truck or ass or something, then they start prepping like it's armageddon or the corona on the pile or something. they lock up all the windows, get the fire stoking like grandpa on his herbal remedy, stock up on garlic, holy water and toilet paper, probably after something scary with the dog, because the good guys always got to make hotter than has to be. the one named dwayne pops out of the fireplace like some demonic santa claus. the frogs have a little entanglement with some 80s version of a cairn with fangs, and the nook shoves it into the holy water and dissolves that bit down to the bone, while the frog babies keep screaming, now flying every which way, so they best hope whatever toilet paper they bought ain't one ply generic. back downstairs, mike's taking a little nap while sam pierces this bad boy through the heart and propels us into the stereo where he is zapped and cooked until he pops a pot into little, tiny vampire bites. and back upstairs, star jumps out to save that kid she was just dragging along behind her. and back downstairs, david and michael about to do battle. and then [ __ ] slap. call out. [ __ ] slap, vamp out. you are a killer. and then the flying freaks do a little air tango. and then david almost died. and then they don't. and then michael almost dies, and then he don't. and then david almost dies. and then it did. oh, that [ __ ] in so much pain, he's glowing in the dark. but guess what? apparently david ain't the head honcho either, because michael's still in serious need of a man to cure, some dental work and some visiting to get that red out. mama lucy and her man max are home so sam and the frogs try to make sure mama lucy don't notice all the bloodsucker bits splattered about, while max seems surprisingly undisturbed by the side of grandpa's stuffing room, or by the fact that this young man lying in there with antlers in his chest deceased. and then boring bad guy monologue, except this one ain't boring. my boy's been misbehaving, blah, blah, blah, blah blah. they need a mama to spank their little vamp fannies. blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. and then vamp out, freak out, make out. and grandpa's chuckle saw something go, and he plows into his own damn house with some quite important and ominous looking fence posts that go hurling through the air. and michael shoves lucy man max into the direct path of an incoming stake the size of grandpa's i'm assuming. and they make a big mess all over grandpa's house. and all half vampires have returned to normal, and they'll have a little kodak moment, except for grandpa, who just shuffles his catatonic into the refrigerator for a root beer, where he muddles some. like one thing about living in santa claus, i never could stomach all the damn vampires. can grandpa? don't end. be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular bite of meth. and be sure to head over to my patreon to keep this channel undead. by the way, salmon the frogs. that's what i'm gonna name my band. i'll start a channel with them where i'll don my spandex pants, tease my permed hair and play that sexy sex mama's by me for christmas. i wrote that in just to pressure her for movies. explained for i'm jab all the damn dies, cause i still believe. still believe. i don't remember the next line. 