all right. so back in the 70s there was this bad dude named Charles Bronson who was the epitome of what you wanted your dad to be like. whenever you fight about your dad beating up someone else's dad, this is the guy you wanted to show up, or in some cases, anyone at all. anyways, eli Ralphie to remake to one of this dude's biggest franchises. it seems like, I don't know, Republicans are loving it. I think it's a decent rent. it's a decent, like, action, vigilante thriller flick that actually has Bruce Willis showing some emotions. let me explain. so Bruce Willis is a surgeon. he's got a beautiful wife. he's got a daughter who's about to go to college. his brother's the kingpin, but that still doesn't stop tragedy from hitting him. it actually takes place in Chicago. since, if you don't know, Chicago is known as chiraq for the amount of killings that they got there. I actually live in Chicago, but I live in the West suburb since, uh, I'm smart enough to not live next door to a bullet. in fact, this dude lives in Evanston, since he's super rich, the place that I wanted to move to when I'm older. yeah, not anymore. the robbers that come to his house were actually tipped off by a vial, a dude who snatched the address from a car's GPS when he was returning it to them, which is why I always South Park. and while Willis is not at work, he's doing his surgery, these robbers come to the house. they're off his wife, they put his daughter in a coma, and worst of all, they steal his watches that look super dope. as you know, Hanks sucks at cracking down bad guys that are like, right in front of him. so Bruce Willis just steals a gun from a patient that that comes in. he becomes this hooded Batman that goes to save the streets of Chicago. and there, I say, becomes unbreakable. now, I know a lot of people see this as a pro-gun movie, and some people see it as the take justice into your own hands. kind of movie. and to be completely honest, it, uh, yeah, it kinda is. but like, they also absurdly point out in the movie that it's harder to get Szechuan sauce from McDonald's, and it is to get a rifle. and Willis is even like, I if y'all gonna let all these other fools get guns, and then you ain't even gonna protect my family, will shoo. I'm a Glock up. my man literally learns how to use a gun off YouTube videos. he ends up becoming a viral YouTube video. and he starts cleaning up the streets of Gotham City with his 9. obviously, people start talking about this. I kid you, not freaking red epic footage that a girl shot on her Motorola phone. and it poses a question to a lot of people, is he right or wrong for taking justice into his own hands? the movie even got sway who's gaining from Chicago each on Detroit. but he appears throughout the movie just to argue how he's wrong. ha, wait. take. but if I were to explain my thoughts, I just think it's funny that, uh, the same people complaining about this movie find it okay that Batman goes out and he beats up people when he takes it into his own hands. I mean, it's not like he's killing minorities, which some people say right? ain't killing brown people like myself. in fact, he's helping them. like there's this one kid in the movie who's getting harassed by a freakin ice-cream man. and if you, if you find the pilot dead, oh, man. and si said, oh, that dudes just selling bootlegs and Gatorades. but when you go down to angle would that man's got kids selling cannabis crunch pops. so of course, Willis goes in there, since the council ain't doing anything, and just straight-up sicarios the dude. I'm not saying that violence is away. I am just saying that people are smart enough to differentiate a movie from real life, hence why no one joined the circus. after this movie, he tracks down the killers. he takes out two at a pawn shop, gives the other one the Midas touch, and then goes full John wick at a club with the final dude. and I was telling you, this man is literally unbreakable. since he's getting a bunch of bullets blasted through him, and all he's got is our bathroom stall door protecting him. he gets out of that place with like just a scratch, goes back home, fixes himself with us. by the end of the movie, he's bringing his daughter back home from the hospital. and that final robber hires like an entire SWAT team. they come into his house armored like they're playing black ops or something. Willa's hits him with the old monster under the bed trick. sicarios the final do like he did the ice cream man, and now his house has more holes than a year. oh gosh, wait. he then uses his break-in to cover up his tracks and any leads that the cops had to think that he was the vigilante. and the cops are super understanding and just go, I we then learned that the one thing that will truly bring peace and satisfaction to Chicago is none other than pizza. that deep stuff. did you like this movie or did you hate it? let me know down below in the comments sections. I'm a big fan of the originals. I don't think I some really dumb stuff. now that you watch it in 2018, and we are as progressive as it can be. but, uh, this new one, I, you know, it's, it's a little revenge thriller. it ain't saying everybody's got to go out and buy guns. there's a, there's actually a dude who goes in there, buys a gun, thinks he's gonna be like the next vigilante man, gets killed super quick, doesn't respond. so that's just the movie. I'm curious to know your thoughts. let me know what other movies you I'm gonna cover down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a slice of that za that Hank was eating at the end of the movie. 