what's happening tomorrow night will be glorious. you see, guys, it's a sad day here at universe because American Horror Story cult is over. we're gonna break down the season finale, great again. but is the show great again? get it create again. cut it out. good. the show great again? guys. if you want Ryan and stop making these horrible jokes, do us a favor and hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any of our other TV breakdowns and movie reviews. this week, we're talking about Justice League, which is actually worth seeing. seriously, go see guys. before we break down the season finale, we wanted to shout out all you guys at home who've been following along all season long with us and joining us in the comments. yes, we pulled out all the best final predictions for the season finale right here, starting with Bobby Lilly, thank you for the comment. Ali will distribute the kool-aid to the denim men with their manwiches. and do-over with the arsenic Kai will be a special kill, which we got to see some more of that kool-aid being distributed. but regardless, yes, Kai was killed in a very special way. at the end there, lynnie L says, Ali is probably going to torture Kai before she kills him as payback. and I gotta say, the bedroom with the dead bodies is going to get pretty crowded. I'm so bummed that it's almost over. so when the FBI goes in the house and sees that family bedroom, what do you think they their first reaction is, Eevee the muse. Kay, you see I or maybe Kushi writes, when is someone gonna admit that REO Speedwagon is the kid's dad? what? what? hmm, no way. right. Kalani Landgraf says, I agree that Kai will get a Caesar style execution. but here's another idea, we time jump at the very end to see an older Ossie leading the cult. now that would have been cool. yeah. maybe in 10 years we get American Horror Story 17 and in Aussies leading the cult. what do you think? I think Ozzy comes back, honestly, in a few songs in the connect yeah. he'll be connected to some new show down the road. you can see it all. so guys, let us know if there are any other topics or features that you want us to cover in the future on American Horror Story. yeah, please hit us up in the comments. we're open to any ideas American Horror Story related. but it cannot have any clowns in it, because Greg is still dealing with that fear of clowns, which which that's not scare him, please. thank you. okay, let's jump into the episode. first of all, we get a flash-forward to 2018. kai is in prison right there. at that moment I thought, okay, great. everyone's dead. he killed everybody off, maybe. and, you know, he's just like, you know, he's in prison. he's the only survivor. yeah, for a second there, I thought the same thing, like, it's a clean slate, like what happened everyone else? and we quickly see Kai and how much power he has over other inmates in prison. yeah. he's not just befriending them cuz he wants more friends. he's using them for his own gain. and you eventually get the sense that he's going to make his escape at some point. yeah. there's a payoff to this. the reason we're introduced to this new character, Trevor, having nowhere, it just, it's a payoff for the very end. it was pretty cool. yeah, do you swear to vote yourself fully to me and my cause and to never question me. yes, I'm [ __ ] to swear it. good. also, we learned some more about Speedwagon, one of our favorite members of Kai's cult. he had a wiretap on him the entire time he was working with the state police because of Detective Samuels being a dirty cop, and they're trying to get more info on him. what'd you think about that whole storyline? do we need do we need this? I don't know if we even needed this character at the very end. so she killed Speedwagon. and I'm like, okay, she's a devote follower, yes, in it. she's in it to win it. this is it. yeah, no, that's not the case. go now. so my whole problem with this was, did she really need to kill Speedwagon? yes, I get that she wanted the FBI's case to not get interrupted and interfered with by the State Police, because then she loses immunity. but do you need to kill Speedwagon? and if so, the feds are watching you. you can't just kill him, like, just turn him in. didn't rat it about Takai, right? yeah. and there and now. yeah, he probably would. I ran that's the thing she was worried about if she had him in the car. but murder, yeah, alley increasingly confuses me with with some of her her choices. I mean, to go from, you know, wanting to get out of there with her son, and that's the only motive she has, to like, murdering multiple people, and there's so many on every level, yeah, compared to just grab your son and then tell the FBI what's going on and just end it there. exactly. I guess that's one of the main reasons why you and I thought that she was, had been flipped, and literally was a devoted, you know, cult follower of Kies. so back in present time in Ali's life, she everything looks really good. she is a celebrity chef and restaurant owner. didn't yet, didn't even have to go on Top Chef. she is well-known. people are asking for her photo when they come in to eat at her restaurant. everything seems all good. all the dead bodies in that restaurant, you know, it's still in business. sure. okay. let's, let's just continue on now. yeah. let's check those Yelp reviews. and out in that restaurant, I mean, they make good coffee, but dead bodies in some of the rooms. I wish that there's a senior Chi puts a yelp review in there. great. can I take a picture with you? I read about what you had to go through escaping from that cult. I think you're one of the most inspiring women. well, that is very firing. thank you. and Ali's dating another chef. okay, sure. write that in there. yeah, Erica. and Erica is extremely concerned. a little bit weird, she's how concerned she is about Ozzy's birthday. we need to finalize Ozzy's birthday party. I know it's Saturday. it's a force line, mm-hmm, but it's, you got, you need one line to explain everything. you don't have so much time. it's the finale. you got to get it in there as soon as possible. and that was the way to do it. but the birthday party looked fun, yes? and then Ali gets interrupted by a collect call from none other than Kai from prison. oh man. I love that call, just because of the just be acting. okay, yeah. plus he's pissed. pissed acting is like he took a line from Mel Gibson. yep, daddy's home. he's officially back. okay, sure. and the reason why Kai is so pissed off in that phone call, he just found out that he is not the father. you are not. and next up, we got a tiny little Easter egg when Ali turns down an interview with Lana winters. she is a feminist icon. tell her, please. if she turned down Lana winters, why would she talk to a Rachel [ __ ] meadow? that proves that this season is connected to other seasons of American Horror Story. Lana winters, of course, was the journalist in season 2 asylum. she survived bloody face at Briarcliff Manor and wrote a tell-all book about it. she was one of the only characters in the anthology series with an actual happy ending. yeah. and she also popped up in roanoke from one of my favorite seasons, next to Murder House. at the very end, she interviewed Lee, the lone survivor of that season. now, of course, asylum took place in 1964, so Lana winters would be much older in present-day. an American Horror Story cult like she was in Roanoke disease earlier, she'd be more of a Oprah Winfrey. Barbara Walters, interview interviewer, trying to get as many interviews with, you know, significant, important people. that would been really cool to see her interview Ali in this season. Sarah Paulson, interviewing Sarah Paulson, I think they, I feel like they would have done that, and maybe they just didn't have enough time to do it, because I really feel like that's a good opportunity right there. but I like that every season finale should have a lot of winters in there. yeah, just in interviewing, whoever survives, Lana winters gets to interview the survivor. was your idea to cut off his face? let's get to it. you clearly know your way around the deli meats. I've struggled with my food choices. okay, next KY fakes his death in a not-so-subtle Silence of the Lambs callback it has a tear his face off. yeah, that's in the movies. but I honestly thought that he's gonna put a guards face on his, honest on his own face, and they're gonna do all Hannibal Lecter on us. thank God they didn't. ok. so Beverly gives Allie, the news that ty has been killed. okay, Greg, I have a problem with this. a huge problem. oh boy. how can they confirm Kai's death without dental records, fingerprints, blood type of what? because the guy had the same tattoos in his shaved head. and that's a fresh tattoo, by the way. he's just got that. those are fresh, too. great point. great feeling. you cannot confirm a man's death based on those details. so now the timeline gets a little fuzzy for me, only because when Chi goes in prison, they had to have had the plans already set up for how they're gonna take care of him down the road, if he's gonna break out. so what was the point of that scene where she tells him like he's dead? if they already know that he's probably not dead, means coming after her, right? so that this is all, oh, that was BS, all that all that he's dead. think they had planned this out, probably immediately when he got into jail, into prison. mm-hmm. we got the flashbacks of Ally meeting with Gloria, the prison guard. and when Beverly was at her lowest point, ally turned her into the to join up. and plan this. that was a day she told everything she had the rate to happen, right? yes. so, yeah, the endgame was pretty far fetched and pretty drawn-out. but Ally could have killed Kai two episodes ago, right? but by waiting and letting her him come after her, she not only she took the opportunity to use this for her Senate run. so now Kai is dead. he's no longer in the picture, yes? and number two, she is now senator of Michigan. yeah. so she kind of maybe got this idea back at the shooting, yes, meadow with meadow, yeah. so the first assassination attempt, she probably got the idea there to use that to help her campaign. we just proves that Ally really learned a whole bunch from KY. yep. like she just soaked up everything that he was preaching, and was basically a whole lot smarter than him at his own game. you were, there is something more dangerous in this world than a humiliated man, a nasty one. finally, we get a nice little scene with Ozzy as Ali tucks him in the bed. yeah. she gives him twist. see, the clown will get one final little, like clown moment for everybody else out there who likes that. and after that, she looks into the mirror, she puts the cloak on. she's revealed to be a scum leader. good job, Ali. okay, let's look at our favorite lines. Ryan, what do you got? mine? I there's a lot of good choices here, but I had to go with the line about Lana winters and Rachel Maddow. if she turned down Lana winters, why would she talk to a Rachel [ __ ] meadow? I just thought it was a fun way to connect some of the other seasons. a small, little Easter egg wasn't a huge deal, but a fun way to kind of make a call back to another season. I liked it. what was your favorite? I got this one. I really didn't fit the profile. a black woman in a cult of angry white nationalists. they thought you were an unwilling victim. now, the second she said that line, I couldn't help but think of this. [Applause]. Oh, Beverly, all right. what do you got? who's your winner of this episode? now, a lot of people would think that I'm gonna say Allie, but you know what? alleys semi winner. but my winner is Valerie Solanas. and Beebe babbit. they accomplished exactly what they were going for, right? I mean, Ali was just the instrument to get their word spread and incite the female rage from within. now she's in a position of extreme power. who knows what will happen five, 10 years from now with Ali. she seems to be unstoppable. at this point. she has a large social following. she's like a celebrity in a lot of people's minds. so they're my winners when we come back to this. and a few seasons from now, she's probably gonna be the governor or something. she'll be President one day. oh, she's gonna be President. okay, Ali's going go her way up here. she's gonna be President. Beverly survive somehow, some way. yeah. they have a final girl scene where you're thinking, okay, this is, is this her out this house? she goes out in the very end. yeah, nope. liked it. I really thought that was pretty cool. well done. okay, let's talk about some final thoughts for the season. overall of American Horror Story cult, what did you think as a season? so this season's gonna take some time to really mesh with a lot of people yeah. just this last couple of months has been rife with toxic masculinity. yeah, for better or worse, this show really echoed real-world events. yeah, constantly. kind of scary. kind of scary how much it is. so it's exhausting for a lot of people. at points there's no point of disassociation from other seasons, like we had in, like Murder House. there's no ghost. I mean, you have there, like Charles Manson scenes, but that's, again, that's all from adderal and in his head, it's not the same. so it's gonna take some time. I think this season, years from now, people are really gonna love it. I think just right now, it's just tough. that's a tough pill to swallow. I agree with you. yeah. it's hard to be entertained by some of this stuff when in the news, you a lot of similar things are being echoed in the news on a day-to-day basis. personally, I enjoy more of the American horror stories when there are the supernatural elements. there is that the haunted or the serial killers, when it's not so real-world. said, in the real world, it was enjoyable. I had fun talking about it with you. I don't know if it's on the higher end of American Horror Story seasons, on my end, you really should go back and watch Roanoke, because that point, I believe, is so wild and crazy. and it's a lot of people don't like it. I love it just because of just how just insane they go with the characters. and they do take it from this real-life perspective too, but this one puts into overdrive. [Music]. guys, we're gonna rewatch some of the other seasons because we still want to talk about American Horror Story. what is your favorite season of American Horror Story? what did you guys think about this season? did you enjoy it? were you surprised? were you pissed off? let us know in the comments below. if you have any questions for Greg and I, hit us up on Twitter as well. Greg's is Murder House. I like to sell them. but let us know in the comments below what you guys thought of this season, where it ranks with everything else. okay, see you guys soon. love you 