the exciting movies channel is with you today. i will tell you about the thriller of 1971, called the clockwork orange. [Applause]. i see now what i've never seen before. alex and his friends prepare for a raucous evening by getting drunk on milk and illegal substances in a cafe. the first thing the friends do is go to a neighborhood where homeless people are usually found. alex hates old homeless people, especially if they are drunk. and then they come across just such an old man, drunk and begging for alms. the friends listened to his speech about why he leads such a life and is ready to die any day, and then brutally beat him up. after that, the quartet of alex visits an abandoned casino where another gang caught a girl and wants to have some fun with her. having noticed alex and his cronies, the bandits forget about the girl and rush into a fight. alex and his company come out the winners of the brawl. the friends have caught their courage. they rush down a country road in a sports car. the friends run into a lighted sign that says, house somewhere in the middle of nowhere. in that house, lives an elderly writer and his young wife. alex and his cronies, wearing masks, trick their way into the house. they tie up and beat the writer and then enjoy his wife in front of him, while singing a song. [Music]. having finished their lawlessness, they go back to the cafe to replenish their energy. on a nearby sofa, the tv studios employees gathered together. among them was a singer. she sang several lines dazzling alex. but his friend dim did not appreciate her creativity. he was punched in the stomach by the leader. a showdown was brewing, but dim saved himself at the last moment. alex went home after having enjoyed the ultra violence. he lives with his parents and goes to school. he hides his loot at night in a drawer under his bed. in another drawer, he has a python. alex loves beethoven, especially his ninth symphony. he even has a portrait of the famous composer in his room. in the morning, alex refuses to go to school and finds himself ill when his parents leave for work. he rises from bed and sees a social worker in the next room. alex's mother gave him the key to the apartment. he warns the boy not to go to jail because it will affect the social worker's work. he hints that alex and his friends were kind of identified last night by the bandits they beat up when they were driven away in the ambulance. they tell him about the robberies they are going to pull. and it does not matter whether alex will agree or not. he accepts their game. but on the way to the cafe, he beats them up. now power is in his hands again. in the evening, they go to rob the house of a rich old woman. they want to pull the same stunt as with the writer to get into the house, but the woman has no slouch. she won't let the guys in and goes to call the police. alex climbs in through the window to open the door for his accomplices. he finds the lady of the house and they have a fight. when alex hit the woman, he miscalculated and killed her. outside the window, you hear police sirens, and alex runs to the exit. he opens the door and almost immediately gets hit in the face with a bottle. his friends decide to frame him. they flee and leave alex for the police. at the station, the guy is interrogated. he tries to keep a low profile, but quickly realizes that he will not be played with. here he is told that a woman died in hospital, and he has to go to jail. the trial was quick. alex was sentenced to 14 years in prison. he was sent to the worst criminals where the young guy had a hard time, but he found a way out there as well. alex began to study the bible in order to curry favor with the local priest. he also showed good behavior for two years. finally, he learned that there is a special program that allows you to be released in two weeks. you just have to undergo special treatment and you will be released. alex volunteers for the program. the minister of internal affairs is in charge of the program and even goes to the prison to meet the candidates for treatment. the program suggests a complete correction of the criminal in two weeks. through mental influence on his subconscious the criminal is made to abhor violence. so that the minister wants to relieve the overcrowded prisons, as all the reformed prisoners will be released. he cannot close his eyes because of the special devices holding his eyelids open. one of the clips plays his favorite beethoven's ninth symphony. this becomes a real torture for alex. from that day on, he cannot stand the symphony. [Music]. [Applause]. two weeks passed, a commission gathered in the asylum hall to decide if alex is cured or not. they brought him to the stage, and another man came from the backstage. he began to beat and humiliate alex. and he tolerated everything. then a half naked girl came on stage. as alex became excited, a reflex kicked in and he became ill. [Music]. the members of the commission, among whom was the minister of the interior, are happy. they recognize alex as a reformed man and let him go. alex is happy. he is finally out of prison. he hurries home, but his parents are surprised to see him. they were not expecting their son and are not very happy to see him. alex's father says they can't kick the tenant out but he insists that alex leave. alex wants to hit him, but he can't hurt another man. realizing his parents won't stand up for him, he leave. well, do put your hand over your mouth, please. bloody, revolting. alex is walking along the street and sees a high bridge over a river. he stops to reflect, but a beggar approaches to ask alex for money. on automatic. he lends him a coin, and then the homeless man recognizes him. he remembers how alex and his cronies beat him up a few years ago. the homeless man rushes the guy, but he wants to leave. he is not ready to resist, but he cannot leave. the old man calls the other beggars for help, and they start beating alex, who is riding in agony. they disperse the homeless get the guy up and recognize him. the sergeants are his old friends. they gave up robbery after school and joined the police. they decide to teach a lesson to the former leader of their gang. they handcuff him and take him to the backwoods. then alex's former friends beat him and torture him by putting his head underwater. [Music]. when they are done, the cops uncover him and leave. it's pouring rain. alex is freezing. exhausted, he walks at random and comes to the house of the same writer, whose wife he took by force a few years ago. but the writer's life has changed since then. he is now in a wheelchair, and his wife has an assistant. in his house, a well-built man is dragging a half-dead writer up the stairs. they let alex in. the writer recognizes him as the young man from the newspapers about whose experiment so much has been written, but does not see the bully who abused his wife, because then alex was wearing a mask. the writer wants to use alex for his political purposes, to spoil the reputation of the current government. he sends his guest to the bathroom and himself invites his political supporters into the house. in the bathroom, alex relaxes and starts singing. the writer recognizes the song. he realizes that alex is the man. the writer pours alex some wine and tells him that he had a wife and that she had been abused. soon after that, his wife died. she died of pneumonia. but the writer assured that the reason was the criminal who took her against her will, which weakened her body. alex gets more and more worried, but then the writers acquaintances come to visit. they question the guy and find out that he physically can't stand beethoven. and then alex passes out from sleeping pills slipped into his wine. he wakes up in a bedroom on the rider's top floor. the rider himself is on the floor below. he has speakers in the ceiling and has turned up the volume of beethoven's ninth symphony. he is enjoying alex's torment. his plan is for alex to commit suicide. he opens a window and jumps out. alex wakes up in the hospital. he has broken many bones and is wrapped up in a cast. alex realizes that something has changed inside him. the psychiatrist who shows him the pictures confirms that alex is no longer afraid of violence, that the conditioning that was drilled into him during treatment has erased from his brain. alex is free again. he is visited by the minister of the interior. he explains that because of alex suicide attempt. the government has lost rating points. the minister wants to correct public opinion. and so he makes a deal with alex. the two will present everything as if they are good friends to please society. alex, that's all for today. subscribe and like it. if you want more such videos, [Music], you 