hello movie lovers. i'm patrick, and i'm back with another thrilling horror movie called the silence. a team of researchers is shown exploring a cave 1000 feet beneath pennsylvania's appalachian trail. at the beginning of the film, the cave seems to be a thousand years old, and its discovery makes the team members extremely happy. suddenly, strange sounds of unknown creatures are heard from within the cave. huge prehistoric bats then emerge from the cave and attack the researchers team. during the attack, the whole research team is killed at the hands of the creatures, after which the creatures fly upwards to the surface of the earth, ready to wreak havoc. we are then introduced to a deaf girl named ali who lost her hearing ability in a car accident three years ago. due to her deafness, ally is bullied by the other kids at her school. as ali walks back to her house from school, a guy called rob tags along with her and starts talking to her in sign language. from this brief exchange between them, we learned that ally and rob are both into each other, and a little romance is going on between them. after this, ali gets inside her house and greets her family members, her brother jude, her mother kelly, her granny lynn and her father hugh. while they're happily having dinner that night, ali's family hears the news broadcasting the appearance of the strange preachers in the united states. these creatures, as explained in the news, have started causing death and chaos worldwide. it's further explained that these creatures, who have started to be known as vesps, feed on humans. and the residents will have to lock themselves in their homes and remain as quiet as possible, because noise attracts these alien creatures. glenn, their neighbor and hugh's long-term friend, also comes to their house, and they all start contemplating what to do. ali suggests they leave the city and go to the countryside, as the city is extremely noisy and saving themselves could prove to be very hard for them there. the rest of the family agrees with her, and they start making preparations for their journey. while preparing to leave, lynn gives kelly her medication and tells her not to tell anyone about her condition. glenn also brings his guns along with him on the trip for protection against the creatures. they then start their cars and set off for the countryside. ali uses her ipad to facetime rob. ali tells rob he should also leave the city and follow them, but rob tells her his parents have decided to stay in the city. they both then talk about the crisis for a while before making a promise to each other that they will stay connected throughout the situation and end the call. later, while they've stopped at the gas station, a man with a gun comes to them and demands they give him the keys to their car. as the family stares at him in horror, ready to submit and hand over the keys to him, glenn shoots the man, who falls to the ground. they then continue their journey, moving forward. they get stuck in heavy traffic. glenn remarks that they will never be able to safely make it out of the city at this space. thus they should go off the road and take a different route. following his advice, they start on a path through the forest. some deer suddenly come in front of glenn's car while he's driving through the forest. in an attempt to prevent the deers from being run over, glenn swivels his car off the road, which sends his car rolling down an embankment. hugh quickly gets out of his car to help glenn, whose legs are caught in the overturned car. though hugh tries hard, he finds the door jammed and is not able to get glenn out of the car. glenn tells you to go on without him, since he has a family to save. hugh initially refuses, but when glenn insists, he agrees to go on without him and promises to send help for him as soon as possible. when the family gets inside the car, they notice the vest have reached the area. hotis their dog starts barking at these strange creatures. due to this noise, their car is attacked by a swarm of vesps. they try hard to make out to stop barking, but in vain to distract the vesps, glenn starts shooting bullets from his gun. and this voice attracts the vest to his car, who then attack and kill him. analyzing the situation, hugh sees no other choice but to get otis out of the car as ali watches, crying and pleading with them not to during this event, hugh learns that the creatures are blind and can only react to sound. unable to use their vehicle due to its noise, the family hikes into the forest on foot. their ability to communicate through sign language has increased their chances of survival, and they decide to only communicate through low whispers and signs from that point, finding ally sitting alone on a log, hugh goes to her and apologizes to her for what he had to do to otis, saying he only did it for his family. through his binoculars, jude spots a cabin near the area and tells his father. they all then walk towards the house and find a fence with a lock on it around the cabin. when they move the fence to open it, a bell starts ringing, and they immediately stop to stop the ringing. after hearing this bell, an elderly woman steps out of the cabin with a gun aimed at them, telling them to get off her property. the noise of the woman attracts a swarm of the vesps, who attack and kill her in the house. the family then crawls through a drain tunnel to get past the fence. in the drain tunnel, jude sees a hissing rattlesnake. its hissing attracts the vesps who killed the snake. and from the other end, a vest starts biting at kelly's leg, making her whale in pain, to distract the vesps. hugh activates a wood chipper that draws the swarm to its death. after getting inside the cabin, the family starts tending to kelly's wounds, which appears to be really bad. ally contacts rob again and learns that this condition has gotten worse. rob's parents have died, and he is also in a very bad state. the call abruptly disconnects after this, leaving ally crying, thinking she will never be able to see him again. lynn, who's a nurse, tells you that kelly's infection will spread if antibiotics are not used to treat her. she tells him she has looked for some around the house, but has not been able to find any. thus hugh and ali set off to a deserted town to get medical supplies for kelly, leaving lynn and jude behind to take care of her. a man is seen observing ally and hugh from a distance as they make their way to an abandoned pharmacy. after getting the medicine they need for kelly, hugh and ally come face to face with some vesps inside the pharmacy, due to which they have to stand motionless so that no sound is made. ali notices the fire sensor above them and shows it to her father. hugh then lights him up on fire and holds it close to the sensor, making its alarm go off. in the loud ringing sound of the alarm, hugh and ali quickly run out, the sound of their footsteps being drowned in the loud ringing. after they get out of the pharmacy, ally and hugh meet a tongueless man who calls himself the reverend. he tells them to join his cult called the hush. aly and hugh politely refused, before making their way back to the cabin. after returning to the cabin, ally tells her father that the cnn broadcast reported that the vests have an aversion to extreme cold. she tells him that the people are surviving by heading north towards colder climates. she also mentions areas now known as the grey which are dead zones, cut off from electricity and outside communication. ali later gets a message from rob and gets extremely happy to see him still alive. rob tells ali that he is traveling north to a sanctuary called the refuge, where numerous other survivors have also gone to seek refuge. a while later, the tongueless reverend is seen outside the cabin where the family is now living. the reverend is standing in the yard with some other members of his cult, leaving his family inside. hugh goes out to ask the man what he wants. the reverend again tries to persuade hugh to join his cult, but he again refuses his offer and tells him to leave his family alone. it's then revealed that the reverend and the cult are interested in just one member of their family, ali, for procreation purposes. hugh gets angry after learning this, and pulls out a gun, aiming it at him, threatening to shoot if he does not leave immediately. but the reverend, knowing very well that you will not shoot and risk attracting the creatures, smiles at him mockingly and leaves. that night. during a violent thunderstorm, ali notices something attached to her window in the dark of the night, and squints at it, trying to understand what it is outside the door, the family finds a little girl standing out in the storm and takes her inside the house. after taking her inside and covering her with a blanket, hugh opens her mouth to find out that her tongue has been cut off. he starts asking her if the reverend sent her in, but she sits there static, looking at him with a worried face. they realize the girl is wearing a belt with numerous cell phones on her waist, which starts ringing immediately after, making loud noise. the strange object outside ali's window is also revealed to be a cell phone, which starts ringing with numerous other phones placed all around the cabin by the cult vesps are attracted to the cabin due to this sound, and they attack the cabin from every direction, trying to break in through the glass. the family manages to put on the phones inside water, thus preventing further ringing. but in this state of pandemonium, the cult members manage to get hold of ali and start taking her away. ali's granny, lin attacks the cult members from behind, which makes them drop alley. ally walks away from them, while lin, who's also lying on the ground in the midst of three cult members starts to scream, protracting the vesps would start feeding on her and the cult members around her. a fight then starts between the family members and the rest of the members of the cult. during this struggle, most of the cult members are killed by the family, and the reverend is also finally killed by hugh. next the family is seen proceeding to the north, clanned in warm winter clothes. they managed to reach the refuge where they meet other survivors from all over the world. ali also reunites with rob there. and they spend the rest of their time there hunting the vesps with bows and arrows. the message of the ending of the film was that both the humans and the vesps have now adapted for their victory. the vesps have to adapt to the cold to get the remaining humans, and the humans have to adapt to the silence for protection. the victor will be the one who can adapt faster. 