welcome to the man of recaps. this is the man in the high castle, season 3. welcome back to the alternate reality where the Nazis won World War 2, which, you know, sucks. more accurately, the Axis powers won World War 2 because, of course, the Japanese control California. at the end of last season, Giuliana Crane helped stop the new king of San Francisco and was reunited with her dead sister, Trudy. watch my seasons 1 &amp; 2 recap for more info on that. but yeah, Trudy was killed at the very beginning of the series. this is her parallel earth doppelganger there, hanging out in the neutral zone with the man in the high castle and his wife. remember, he's been collecting the film's from alternate realities showing the Nazis losing the war. and he knows that Juliana is a very important part in all of them. Giuliana's learning to shoot, which helps her stop some Nazi assassins from killing them. so man in the high castle is going into deeper hiding. they say, farewell for now. now, over in Berlin, Joe Blake has been enjoying some torture after getting caught up and his father's failed coup. to prove his loyalty to the party, job's gotta shoot his dad, and he doesn't really have a choice. so congrats, Joe, you're a full nazi. now they send him to the embassy in San Francisco as a trade attache, but really he's an assassin, here to kill Nazi defectors. juliana and her sister also go to san francisco to hang out with trade minister, to go me in the parallel world. he traveled to juliana was his daughter-in-law, so they have a special connection. and he knows how to travel, so he helps Trudy get back to her. so both working the trade office in San Francisco, Joe and Juliana are reunited. they haven't seen each other since the end of season one, when Juliana trusted Joe and helped him escape the resistance. but it's awkward. now, when they first met, they were just kind of Nazi and resistance, and now they're both full-blown Nazi and resistance, so they're both kind of using each other for information, but also they're in love. now it's time for my favorite character name to say, obergruppenfuehrer John Smith. but at the end of last season, he got a big promotion. they threw some extra letters in there. so life's pretty good for him, except his son, who just turned himself in to be euthanized because of his genetic disorder. John takes his son's death pretty hard, but his wife, Helen takes it really hard. she sees a psychiatrist and kisses him. it's a whole thing. it doesn't matter. so John's pretty high up there now, but there's someone above him. it's rush marshal Rockwell. he's head of all Nazi North America. and working for him is J Edgar Hoover. in our reality, he was head of the F for many years, and he's doing the same thing in this one. Rockwell doesn't like John getting promoted, so he has hoover dig up all the dirty can on him, and there's plenty, like how john killed the doctor to hide his sons disorder, and then the doctor's widow had a fight with helen, and helen killed her. so hoover knows everything. they bring john in for a meeting with the current Fuhrer, Himmler himself. but at the last moment Hoover betrays Rockwell. he's like, I don't know what evidence you're talking about. yeah, John got to him first with some blackmail on him. so instead of John, it's Rockwell who's fired and later assassinated. but Hitler's no fool. he knows it's all true. he's like, John, I like you, man. I've been grooming you for high command. get your stuff together, including your wife, who's been a bit of a wild-card lately. so John's promoted to rush marshal of all North America. it's also fun to say, but not as much as obergruppenfuehrer. now, at the end of last season, man and the high castle burned all the films, except for a select few he gave to trade minister, to Gomi. Gomi shows julianne one that she's in of some secret nazi facility somewhere. and juliana actually remembers it, yeah. she's accessing memories from our alternate lives. one night she snooped through joe's things to find out more about this facility in the Poconos, but also realizes he's an assassin targeting to go me. yeah, Joe hobo's killed him the other night. II was just barely stopped. Joe's pretty mad to find her snooping. he's like, look, Jules, we can't beat the Nazis. we have to join him. he's gonna take her in. but Julianna slashes his throat. what did Julianna just kill Joe? yeah, looks like it. Julianna seeks help from this smuggler, Liam. they met in the neutral zone. he helped get Trudy papers, and he's got a sexy Irish accent, so they had a flirtation going. but the Japanese are investigating Joe's murder, and suspect number one is Juliana crane. Chief Inspector kilos like, why is it always Juliana crane? so there's a lot of heat on her. and crossing the border gets messy. now, somewhere in the neutral zone is a community of Catholics. that's not super illegal. they're just here to worship in peace. but turns out they're all secretly Jewish, and that is very illegal. and hanging out with them is Frank. Frank, that's Giuliana's ex-boyfriend, who helped blow up the temp 8i office last season. apparently he survived with some pretty bad burns. he's a pacifist now, but he's still helping the resistance with his anti-fascist paintings. so Juliana stops by. they're reunited. they just kissed once for old times sake. they learn more about the Nazi secret facility. yeah, it's a stranger things type dimensional portal. mostly it just melts people, but some gets sent through. and Hitler's real excited about conquering the multiverse. so Juliana and Liam are going to stop it. but at the border, crossing is messy again. elsewhere in the neutral zone is Robert childen, still trying to collect and sell American artifacts. he's working with Edie. brought him in as a partner last season. and well, in the neutral zone, Edie has found his whole new partner, this guy named Jack. anyway, they're doing pretty good, got a busload of artifacts, until one day they're robbed and left with nothing, except for John Wayne's belt buckle that Edie hid in his underwear. long story short, best friends, ed and Frank are reunited. they travel the neutral zone putting up Frank's pictures. it's a great time, until they're found by Chief Inspector Kido. he very much wants justice for Frank's bomb attack. he brings Frank out to the desert where they have a heart-to-heart. Kito knows it's only because he killed Frank's sister and her family that drove Frank to bomb the building. but for now, honor demands that Frank is beheaded. whoa. his death motivates the rest of the boys to go to San Francisco and keep spreading the good word. so in Pennsylvania, Liam introduces Juliana to some of his old resistance buddies. she shows a man and AI castle film to get everyone riled up. and now she's got her own crack team commando squad going to blow up the Nazi portal. unfortunately, their mission fails, and Juliana ends up captured. also captured, by the way, is the man in the high castle, Hawthorne Abbott's in they finally got him, but he's spending his time in captivity just pretending to be crazy. hey, remember Joe Blake's hot Nazi girlfriend, Nicole? she's in New York this season working for the Ministry of propaganda, and she meets a hot girl reporter there. yeah, she's bisexual. there at a popular lesbian Club. when it gets raided, she's like, whoa. it's okay. I'm the future of the Reich. it's fine. but Himmler's like, not it's not actually. you're being sent to a reeducation camp. anyway, the big campaign she was working on was yar null years euro. the plan is to erase all American history and start fresh, Nazi only. and the big culmination is the demolition of the Statue of Liberty. oh, this might be too much for John Smith to handle. remember, he was originally an American, and all season he's been depressed because Nazism killed his son. so watch out for a John Smith Redemption arc, especially because his family disappeared. yeah. what's his oldest daughter's turn to get tested for the genetic thing. but his what put a stop to that? she took the kids and ran. she's like, sorry, John, I'm not letting them kill any more of my kids. I'm leaving. but no time to process that, because Emily gets shot. yeah. it was Liam and his sniper friend. they escaped the Poconos and took him out. we'll see if he survives or not and who's leading the Reich next season. for now, John talks to the man in the high castle about why only some people make it through the teleporter. he's never traveled himself, but he has a theory, you can only travel to alternate worlds if yourself is dead over there. so the Nazis marching an army through could never have worked anyway. but just then, in the room next door, Julianna crane, Oh, boom. she travels out of there. what world she gonna end up in? we'll find out in the final season. [Music], 