you've been invited to play a game of would you rather? that could solve all your problems, but every choice you make is going to be brutal. you'll have to beat main, torture and drown the other players if you want to win the ultimate prize. but do you have what it takes? when you're traveling a room with desperate people willing to torture you for cash, what do you do? i'm going to break down the mistakes made, what you should do in how to be the death game and would you rather? this one iris, desperately needs money for her brother's bone marrow transplant, and she do anything to make sure he gets it. her brother's doctor wants to help and introduce her to this wealthy philanthropist who offers to cover her brother's bone marrow transplant. but there's one catch. she'll have to kill and play a game, and will only get the money if she wins. the doctor confirms this guy's legit, as he was a winner of the last game and got a lot of money out of it. it's extremely generous, and she asks to think it over. all right, there's already enough here to tell me this is a sketchy deal. if he wanted to donate his wealth to people in need make making a private game out of it is completely unnecessary. there must be an alternative motive here, but this group doesn't have a lot of options. a bone marrow transplant can cost up to 675 000, which is insane. if she worked three jobs, like the one she applies for at this restaurant, and didn't spend a penny for eight years, she still wouldn't have enough money to afford the procedure. if it's my brother, i'd still join any game short of an underground rush roulette ring to make sure he could live. but not without some basic questions answered first, if we're going to play a game, we need more information to prepare, study it and devise a strategy to win. this girl didn't even ask what the game was, and that was her first mistake. the best source of information is the doctor here. because he was the winner of the last game. i wouldn't leave until he told me his advice and strategies, so i have a competitive advantage. after returning home, she finds out she's been rejected from her recent job application. and she realizes her brother will die a slow and painful death, unless she decides to join the game. the next evening, she heads over to the mansion where the event is being held. he meets seven other guests. it's a real mixed bag of people. there's a woman in a wheelchair, a professional gambler from vegas and even an iraq war veteran. all of them are here out of sheer desperation and looking for a chance to win big, but none of them are prepared for the horrors they'll be facing tonight. okay, they might all seem friendly right now, but this is a room full of desperate people, which makes them dangerous. and we should expect they're all sizing up the competition, so we should too. we can actually tell a lot about these people based on their positioning in the room, body language and drink selection. every single one of them is drinking alcohol, except this guy, who just has water. this seems irrelevant, but it's incredibly important. if you're about to play a game, you want to be sober. it tells me this guy's taking the competition more seriously than the others and is already strategizing. if they offer me drinks, i'm refusing. i can also tell that this girl and this veteran have trust issues because they've distanced themselves from everyone else in the room. they're not here to make friends. they're here to win. and i expect that neither of them will easily cooperate with the group. the butler comes in and tells the guests to remove any of their personal belongings before they enter the game, as a way to make sure they don't cheat. it makes them feel nervous. but with money on the line, everyone has their phones and bags over and makes their way to the dining room. okay, we are playing a game, and phones might be an easy way to cheat, so handing them over is actually a reasonable request. but this is exactly why i would do everything i could to take mine inside. if i'm already desperate enough to be here in the first place, why would i suddenly want to play by the rules? if my brother's life hangs in the balance, i need every advantage bear or not, to gain the upper hand. they ask for my phone, i would tuck it inside my waistband, behind my belt, and simply say that i didn't bring it with me. there's no metal detection, no x-ray, not even a pat pat-down. this is a flaw that we can and should exploit. dinner starts and they serve the main course of steak and vogue. but iris here has some gripes. she's a straight vegetarian who's sworn to never eat meat. and this is where the night starts to get interesting. the host offers her ten thousand dollars to give up her lifelong commitment and eat the steak. she refuses at first, but everyone has a price. as she takes the deal and swallows her pride. he then notices the old man here is drinking only water, and finds out he's a recovery alcoholic. offering him thousand dollars, he ups the ante and tells him to drink an entire scotch decanter. after a lot of hesitation, he finally gives up 16 years of hard-fought sobriety. okay, there's a pattern building here. the host wants to make us do things that go against our principles and morals for cold, hard cash. fortunately, this can be easily manipulated, because both of these challenges were based on information that they volunteered. i would create a lie that would make him give me easy challenges that i didn't morally object to, such as telling him i'm jewish and only eat kosher. i might even say i'm celibate, just to see what happens. now this is probably going to escalate quickly, and if we stay too long, he might be asking us to do things that are downright evil. with the room of desperate people, only god knows what some of them might be capable of, especially when things start getting competitive. we should be taking this opportunity to grab as much cash as possible in these simple, isolated challenges and leave before it gets out of hand. the host then reveals the main event of the evening. they will all be playing a game of would you rather with some important differences. in each round, every player will be given two unpleasant choices, with only 15 seconds to choose. they're eliminated if they don't act in time. and the last remaining player wins the game. before they start, he offers them a chance to leave, but no one gets up, and the game begins. the host reveals that his butler used to be an interrogator for mi5, as he brings out one of his old tools for torture. and they'll be using it to electrocute their guests. the alcoholic wants no part of this and tries to leave, but the butler makes it clear that's no longer an option by shooting him in the head. if they want out alive, they need to win. all right, this is messed up, and not just because they've skipped dessert. if it's me, i'm paying close attention to the iraq war veteran. he would have the best instincts in a life-threatening situation. and if he's not moving into striking distance of the gunman, it's fair to say we don't have a good chance to find our way out of this. we need to play the game until we have a better opportunity to escape. and now it's all about making the best choices to keep everyone alive for as long as possible. now we have only 15 seconds to make difficult decisions, which gives us very little time to explore the consequences of each choice. this thing is a torture device, so we'll likely have to choose between two different forms of pain, which is scaring the [ __ ] out of everyone at the table. in high pressure situations like this one, the brain is influenced by fear, panic and cognitive bias. we tend to compensate for these by oversimplifying our options. but there's actually a way to bypass all these mental blocks to allow you to make better and more rational decisions. professional chess players use a decision-making tactic in their games that psychologists call combinatorial versus positional thinking, where a player makes a series of moves based on a very specific final outcome in mind, and lets them make strategic sacrifices to achieve their final goal. now most people in this situation would base their decisions on avoiding pain. but that's a mistake because it limits your thinking and strategy to only a momentary goal. the final outcome here is not to suffer less pain, it's to win and survive. this type of strategic thinking helps bypass intuitive and emotional responses and make better decisions to gain the advantage. the brother puts a headband on this guy, and he's asked if he would rather electrocute himself or amy. here the host starts to clock, and just before time runs out, he decides to shock himself. and they say chivalry is dead. but he's voluntarily weakened himself without gaining anything in return. if it's me, i'm choosing to shock someone else because it increases my chance of winning. if others are too injured to continue the game, he's actually given everyone an advantage because they now have more information to work with. if we know what we're in for, we can plan for it better. this guy is still conscious and doesn't have any burn marks, which means the electrical potential is too low to stop your heart, and you can survive a single shock. now there are some things we can do to lessen the pain here. water is a conductor of electricity, so if i was next, i would dry any sweat from my forehead because wet skin has 500 times less resistance to electricity and will hurt much more. we could also consider cheating. if you were brave enough and halfway decent at sleight of hand, you could try slipping a credit card between your skin and the electrodes, because plastic is an insulator and thin enough to hide. the next two players in line get strapped in. but amy here wastes no time and instantly chucks the old woman like it's nothing. she's cold-blooded. the old woman is given the same choice, and she chooses to shock the gambler. they go around the table and finish the first round with lucas and iris here, the only other players who decide to shock themselves. okay, there were actually two ways to play this as a team, and that was for everyone to either unanimously decide to shock themselves or to shock others only. these two options will have a fair outcome, because everyone gets shocked only once. but this strategy requires 100 trusts and no rogue decision makers. and when the challenges get more brutal, we won't be able to rely on others and think about the group over themselves. and this tells me group decision making would be a bad strategy. the staff prepare for the second round with their only chance. the group secretly discussed taking down the guards, stealing their guns and taking their keys to escape the house. before they can come to any agreement, the host's son, julian, comes in to taunt them. the veteran starts mouthing off, and the son makes it clear that he'll regret it later. all right, bad decisions are made when you let emotions get the better of you. now, studies show fear drives people to make pessimistic decisions. and angry people will make. optimistic ones deciding to curse this guy out optimistically assumes that there will be no consequences. and that's stupid. we already know that the host will have us killed without blinking an eye. i'd want to stay quiet so i don't get any special attention. now, it's cold-blooded, but i'd also encourage others to speak out and get emotionally triggered. this situation is scary as hell, and i'd be pessimistic enough to think there's no way out of this without winning. meanwhile, iris doctor has snuck onto the property. he won the last game, so he must know what's going on, and it looks like he's here to help them. but he can't take out all the guards by himself, so they'll have to survive the next round until he can figure out what to do. okay, there's no reason for this doctor to be on the property. if he actually wanted to save lives and avoid suspicion from the host, he should have stayed home and called the police or the fire department from a birder phone to avoid any trace of the call back to him. if the authorities get involved, it gives the guests an opportunity to escape. this guy doesn't consider any of this. and if he is my doctor, i'd definitely be seeking a second opinion. the next round has begun, and this time they will have 30 seconds to make their decision, but the choices will be a lot more sadistic. the first player to go is iris, and she's asked if she would rather stab this guy's thigh with an ice pick, or won't be better with the staff? three times. okay, things are getting really serious now. we have to be a lot more careful of our decisions, because not only could they kill someone, but we should also be expecting retaliation if we make the wrong choice. i'd be very tempted to beat someone as a lesser punishment, but in this case, choosing the ice pick is actually the safer the two options. this whipping stuff is called a jambock, and it's a [ __ ] nightmare. irish decided to use the african whipping staff. but the bigger mistake here was letting him take off his jacket, because he's removing a layer of protection. she tries to take it easy on him, but the host won't count them unless she uses full force. now the back has a lot of weak ones. there are vital organs, nerves and bones, without a lot of muscle or fat to protect them, making it much more dangerous. this guy didn't specify where to hit him, so if you had to use the staff, you should aim for the butt, the thighs and the forearms. dominatrix's target needs an impact plate because they have a higher pain threshold than the rest of the body. so getting a little kinky might actually save your life. the next guy is given the same choice. he can either stab the woman or whip the veteran three more times. he knows there's a major artery in the thigh that could kill her, but isn't sure where it is, so he chooses to beat the soldier again. this guy's taken like a champ. luckily, it's the veteran's turn next, and he's given a choice to stab this guy or get whipped three times by the butler. surprisingly, he chooses the whip. this guy begs the veteran to stab him, but the host says he can't change his mind. okay, he's clearly being singled out because he's stood up to the host son. and it's hard to watch but it's also a direct benefit to every other player in the game. the most practical decision here is to use this as an opportunity to take out a competitor and improve your chances of winning. so when it's our turn, we should make our decision based not on what keeps him in the game, but on the most compassionate way to take him out of it. the best solution for a merciful exit from the game that defend the rules is the samsung and the femoral artery. because it's a major supplier of blood to the lower body. this artery is primarily centered around the inner thigh. to aim for somewhere around here and dealt with a matter of minutes. if they don't get help, it's cool, but there are two ways out of here. you're either the winner or get sent out in a body bag. it's the gambler's turn now, and he's given the choice of either whipping the veteran, who could die from his wounds, or stab the paralyzed woman next to him. he rationalizes that she won't feel the pain because she's paralyzed, and he stabs her in the thigh, accidentally piercing an artery he makes a tourniquet with his belt to stop the bleeding. as the woman decides if she wants to whip the soldier or stop amy. here she gives her answer and quickly jumps the goth girl with the ice pick. but wasn't expecting to get elbowed in the face. the gambler made the right move here. the vet is on his way out, and the old woman came for their legs. so if he aims for the femoral artery, he could eliminate her aimlessly. that's true for the price of one and it's a perfectly rational strategy to cut down the pool of competitors. his reaction here is a great way to garner empathy, because even though he stabs her, he also decides to help her once he sees how severe her wound is. acting morally conflicted makes him appear less evil, and the other players might be less likely to target him as a result. on the other hand, if you act cold and calculating, you make it easier for others to see you as someone they should take out quickly. emotions and instinct play a huge role in fast decision making. so if you dehumanize yourself and give them a justification to punish you, they'll have no problems hurting or eliminating someone they think is a bad guy. now it's this woman's turn, and the host decides to make things more interesting. she can either whip the soldier or stab anyone she chooses. she makes it clear to everyone that this is a competition where teamwork does not pay off, and she's dead set on winning this. she chooses iris as her target and asks the host if she can stab her anywhere. he tells her she can stab only below the shoulder. and immediately, the girl jumps the ice pick into her side. it didn't penetrate the lungs, so she's going to be okay. but as she's recovering, the veteran collapses from his injuries and isn't getting up okay. they've introduced a new choice into this game, and this is important to our strategy, because we can now selectively target who to injure. with one person eliminated and two on their way out, we should consider who's most likely to survive the longest. out of all of them. the old lady is the weakest due to her age and fatal stab wound. so i'd want to keep her around. these two guys are healthy enough to take quite a beating, but they've also shown a willingness to sacrifice themselves for the group, so they might be easier to manipulate and are therefore less threatening. amy is most likely going to stab others in the back, which makes her the first person you should take out, as she's too dangerous to be left alive. iris here, is in this for her brother, so she do anything to make sure he gets what he needs, making her just as dangerous as for the gambler. i expect he's better at calculating probabilities and risk assessment, and will eliminate any other competitors who get in his way. if they give us the freedom to choose, the top three people we need to take out are amy, iris and the gambler. and winning the game depends on making sure your last remaining competition is weaker than you. downstairs in the basement, the doctor is breaking in, and he's decided he has to do something about this to rescue his friend iris, before she dies. in the game, the butler determines the soldiers unconscious, but still able to play. but they realize the old woman has quietly died from a wound. she gets eliminated. it's not this guy's true to choose, and he decides to beat the veteran so hard that he can't continue, leaving five people left to play. but before the weapons change hands, the players make signals to each other, and they wait until the host starts speaking with his butler to seize their opportunity. the three men attack the guards, distracting them as iris here runs out of the room. the host shoots one of the players dead and ushers the remaining guests to the table. but when he realizes that someone is missing, he commands his butler to find the woman and lets his son join the search. okay, this was their best chance at escaping, and they took it. we have two weapons that we didn't have in the first round, and they would have been taken away once the next one starts. so it was a perfect time to strike, and they nearly got away. but they made a few mistakes here. the first was assuming the hosts don't carry guns. there's no way, i'm thinking, they aren't armed for any number of unexpected outcomes. and if they've been doing this for years, they would know better. this guy should have left as soon as he had the chance, instead of walking up to the host. secondly, splitting up will divide the outnumbered guards, giving someone the opportunity to look for confiscated cell phones to call the police. the windows aren't barred, so i would look for a room in the first floor of a window and lock myself in. meanwhile, you should grab a knife in case you need to force open any locked doors in the escape. this is actually not that hard to do. as long as the slanted part of the latch bolt is facing you, the knife can slip into the small crack of the lock to force it open, and you can run away. iris here tries to break out through the basement window, where the whole sun finds her and tries to take advantage. she fights back and stabs him in the leg. her doctor slowly shows up and tries to rescue her, but seconds later he gets shot by the butler who takes iris back to the game. okay, this encounter here has made a lot of noise. and when you're running from the guards, you have to expect they'll be drawn to the sound. the doctor should have considered hiding the dark to wait for a guard to show up, so he could easily ambush him and save iris. even still, wandering into the house got him killed. and all he had to do was make an anonymous phone call to the police and mention gunshots. as for iris, this is a difficult situation. she stabbed the skyline lake we saw who eventually was to the soldier. if we get caught and dragged back to the game, we'll die for sure. so with this in mind, i'm deciding to stab on the neck for the kill and run out of the hallway so i'm not caught standing over the body. returning to the game, the guards bring out a barrel of water. in this round, each player will be given a sealed envelope, and inside is a card with a punishment written on it. they have 30 seconds to choose between being held down under water for two minutes, or take their chances with the envelope. okay, as soon as i see the tub full of water, i know where this is going. so before even being presented a choice, i'm going to start breathing exercises to prepare in advance. also, opening the envelope takes away your ability to make an informed choice. now with that said, two minutes held under water, is totally possible to survive. the magician david blaine once out his breath for 17 minutes using the technique that pro divers use, known as oxygen assisted static asteroid. david blaine's method is to take a minute to breathe in and out deeply, then purge your body from excess carbon dioxide, inhaling quickly and exhaling strongly. if you do this, a normal person with no prior experience can hold their breath twice as long as they would normally. the trick here is to keep as still as possible, the water slowing down your heart rate and not the panic and thrash. because the body will send oxygen to the muscles, creating more carbon dioxide buildup and making it much harder to hold your breath. thankfully, we as humans have the mammalian dive reflex, which naturally occurs once your faces are submerged. this will cause your heart rate to decrease, narrowing the blood vessels to ensure that organs like the brain of the heart have a continued supply of oxygen. the gambler goes first and decides to make a gamble on the envelope, finding out he must light a firecracker in his hand. it seems like he got lucky, but instead, he's handed something much bigger. the host assures that if it's a dud, he'll get a free pass, but to make sure he doesn't drop it, they tape it to his hand and force him like the fuse at gunpoint. the explosion turns his hand into bloody chunks, and he dies from a heart attack, leaving three players left to play. okay, this guy mentions it's a quarter stick, but based on its size and the description provided by the bureau of alcohol tobacco and firearms, it looks more like an m80. because an actual m1000 quarter stick is six inches long. that ain't no six inches, trust me. these explosives are illegal to own without a license because they're so dangerous. there's no way out of this situation other than to cheat. he had more than 30 seconds before the explosive went off, so i would have tried using my fingers to slowly pull the wick out of the explosive container and rip it out of the socket it's glued into. this might convince them as a dud, and i'll get to keep both my hands. lucas here decides he'll open up the envelope, and he discovers his punishment is to slit his eye open. he's given a razor blade in 30 seconds to do it, but he doesn't think he can. it's too scary. still, he holds the blade to his eye, and when there's only three seconds left, he slices it open. all right, this is where you'd lose me. i can't even watch people put their contacts in, so slitting my own eye is just too damn hard. but there might be a way to do this properly without losing your sight. the eye is one of the fastest healing parts of the body. so you should look a way to avoid the pupil and slice the whites of your eye only. in order to avoid further damage, you should keep your eyes closed. if you look around with one eye, the other eye follows because they're paired together. i won't be able to see, but i probably won't need to in order to win, and it will protect my eye for further damage. the next player, irish, bravely decides to take the water barrel instead. and it's not easy, but she manages to last the whole two minutes, much the host surprise. it's a good thing too, because if she had chosen the envelope, all her teeth would have been extracted. this leaves amy here to go next. and she chooses the envelope rather than the water barrel. but as she discovers, her punishment is being held under water for four minutes instead of two. and unlike iris, she does not make it. this leaves only two players left, and the host reveals for this final round, things will be very different. the buzzer flips a coin, and iris gets to go first, where choice is simple. would you rather end this game now with both players leaving empty-handed, but would you rather kill lucas here with this pistol? okay, she's been headed the keys to freedom, but there's more actual decision making here than meets the eye. if she walks away, they both live. there's no reward, and her brother inevitably dies. if she shoots him, this man dies, but her brother lives. so ultimately, this decision is actually between the life of this man or the life of her brother. if we were thinking about the greater good, we would take into consideration how many people this man cares for. and how many people his death negatively affects. it has a ripple effect to everyone in his life he is responsible for. so if we were being altruistic, this would be the right course of action. but at the same time, how could i tell my brother i chose a stranger's life over his? with my brother's life on the line and only 30 seconds to decide, i'd be heavily influenced by emotional and instinctive decision making and probably would shoot him. in the end, mexico choose the first option and tries to convince her to walk away, but she shoots him, and everyone applauds as the sole winner of the game. she's given her prize, a bag full of money, a bone marrow donor for her brother and a chance to finally go home. she gets back to tell her brother the good news, but tragedy, finds out he's killed himself. all that torment was for nothing. after such an awful night, i take that money and use it to get some much-needed therapy. you 