[Music]. but they let polo go right for the same reason. no one knew he was detained. one of his moms owns big newspapers and magazines. i'm sorry i put you in this position, but we've already come this far. if i do this, i'll lose the wineries my family. does that make sense to you? i should say that i made it all up. i hope you can forgive me his daughter scholarships. we're looking for model students and citizens. sorry, do you know about the video? i do. wait and you still want to buy me coffee? what kind of muslim are you? all charges have been dropped against your yesterday we teamed up to create a new program of studies with the university of colombia in new york city. acceptance will guarantee admission to the university. the expenses of both the program and the university courses have already been paid for a generous sponsor. as i was saying, when did this all happen? because yesterday you were meeting with polo's mother. may i nadia, will you be applying as well? great. the more the merrier. acute lymphocytic leukemia is an extremely fast-growing cancer, which means we need to move quickly. three years ago, i put a photo on instagram, and students posted all these comments. body shaming. body shaming. really? that was you? yep, holy [ __ ]. you're disgusting. what a fat [ __ ]. i'll come out of this alive, mom, of course you'll come out alive. i'm crying because i'm still in shock, not because i'm afraid you're gonna die. is this some way for you to play the romantic hero, trying to protect me from what you're going through, or some [ __ ] like that? i'm taking okay, when do you want me out? go whenever you want. paulo, if you tell me where the trophy is, you and i can finally be free of this endless nightmare. god damn it. knock it off. stop. i didn't mean to kill her. it was an accident. guzman, an accident. go home. and i'm a disgrace to my family. that scholarship. nadia, hi. [Music], hey, so you were right. i think i'd like to collect my prize after all, or at least give it a shot. okay, still looking for a roommate. i don't want to miss out and have regrets. [Music], call an amulet. someone, please, someone now. pull up. get him to go. [Music], slam alaikum. lick him. i'm malik, a friend of nadius. what is this? i'm going to study in new york next year too, and it'd be my pleasure to look after your brother's case. might be willing to drop the charges. he could come home as an innocent man. return. we've been monitoring your friend's mother, sandra lopez gallego, and a little microphone so we can get that evidence. you told him, andrew, i'm sorry, but i had but i told you not to say anything. this is, i'll drag you there myself, but you're getting chemo. this one's with milk. thanks. spoiler alert, you're not gonna win best mom this year. hey, she said to hit the bag. you shouldn't do it, but i should. i'll sell the stuff. we can be partners. we'll split at 50 50. what do you say? what do you mean by that? you have no [ __ ] like you can look at us however you want, right? polo, then kiss each other, just like that. yeah, i may know a place where we wouldn't be competing with anyone. and the market for it is massive. where's that? las encinas? it's from the chemo. i have cancer. it's in the lawyer's hands. will likely sign in the next few days. only one downside, there's a clause included in the contract allowing your right to withdraw financing at any time within the first five years. what the guy who sold my mom out is in those recordings, we had cameras all over the house. the cops took you had enorgy at our house. actually, we're three. that's not an orgy, technically speaking. mom. we're all going out. us three, three people is in a relationship. do you want me? what do you want to [ __ ] me. amanda anders, not here. what's that glow? [Applause]. [Music], is that the only reason you and i went out? no. [Music], was all this a big life into men and betrayed my trust. i have no control over that. but to cheat with you, did you consider how i would feel? stay the hell away from her. why he's not okay? haven't you noticed all those who didn't deserve that scholarship? you are the only non-embarrassment. you were a worthy opponent of the bone marrow biopsy and the ct scan weren't what we were expecting. the overall proportion of lymphoblasts is still much higher than 30 for starters. it means we're going to have to continue with chemotherapy, the con artist, the killer and the damn pusher. good intro for a joke, except none of this is even remotely amusing. get out of here, both of you. go. you so don't need a man, or anyone else for that matter. nadia, be the badass woman who managed to beat even me, be the woman i admire as a santa agreed to let us share the scholarship. but the budget is what it is, so we'll each have half the original amount for food and housing and stuff. i'm use. thanks. no problem. [Music]. yet since christmas break, you've done nothing but make his life miserable. don't believe a word of this. this is all about polo. his mom was just in here talking to you. that's what this is about. the decision is final. you're all expelled and won't graduate. what you're not in love with me? you live the life i could have provided. and only one person's responsible for them happening in the first place. polo, this award she and i won is something your moms did to clean up your image. i guess the scholarship's called off as of this moment. this whole thing was a setup so they could find your family and arrest your brother. i'm sorry. there's been an alteration in section three of cause four, the management of the wineries. uh-huh. she'll be the sole and exclusive manager of the wineries and all related assets as soon as she turns 18, which is any day. anyway. carla will be the sole proprietor. don't do anything, mom, i killed marina. you don't know how much you you've done. you've no goddamn idea what kind of [ __ ] torture it is for him to know you're still breathing. at least carla, loved me once. but who's ever loved you, lou? to them you're nothing. [Music] it might be envious. shut up. [Music], please forgive me. someone. please. someone. now. polo, it was an accident, lou, he's dead because of me. we're all gonna walk out of here free people and put an end to this [ __ ] once and for all. what if they were to somehow find all our fingerprints plastered over it. paula wanted to tell you he got his mom's to reinstate it. oh. [ __ ], i called you here today to tell you that we found his fingerprints on the trophy and we'll have to reopen the investigation. you can go to oxford, columbia, harvard, whatever school you want, we'll pay for it. all your houses. i think it's time i accept my limited resources, that my mom's a janitor and my family is what it is. you realize you can't just run off and study abroad. since you're now in charge of the wineries, you'll work closely with him, really. valerio, if you ever decide to come back, i'll be here. you look familiar. no matter what news we get today, i'm staying right by your side. omar, even if it's chemo for a hundred years, well, then for the next 100 years i'll be coming here and repeating school. i just found out i'm in remission. [Music], i don't know anyone here. that's not true. you 