in the godzilla movie in 2019. godzilla is known to kill enemies or evil giants named ghidorah. and since at that time, he and kong were still known, titans or giants, are on the surface of the earth today. at the beginning of this film, we will be shown about kong, who was on an island that was precisely inside a captive dome while its activities were being monitored by monarch. monarch itself is a multinational organization that was created in secret by the united states government to study living giants in the world. in that place, kong was visited by a small child named jaw. he is a child who comes from the ewe tribe. the only person she could communicate with kong. when kong suddenly became angry and through the rod tree that will do minor damage on the part of the dome where he was currently was a giant dome. inside the scientists were observing the monster. this woman named elene, a scientist from the monarch who studied monsters. just then, jaw suddenly comes and tells him that kong is angry because he is locked up in that place. the reason they locked kong was out of worry that there will be a battle between godzilla and kong as well. because, according to research theory about the species, godzilla and also kong are enemies who fought for a long time. the scene moved where a man named bernie. he is a conspiracy theorist who is also a former employees at a company called apex cybernetics. this company are technology company in charge of technology development artificial intelligence as well as robots. when he secretly got into a building where he had worked before, he tried looking for information on what exactly is being developed by company. but while there, he got that there will be godzilla's attack was signaled by the sound of an alarm, and the employees were on was immediately evacuated. sure enough, godzilla came and attacked the research place. and in that incident, he was managed to survive. and at that time, he saw a strange object, thing was similar to an orca, a capable tool communicating with the titans. moving scene at a research location. this man is a scientist from the monarch named mark russell. and this is his daughter named madison russell, both of whom have been rescued by godzilla in the previous movie. at that time, both argued about the reason why godzilla attacks humans. his father said that maybe it was an instinct from predator. but medicine insisted that something was provoking godzilla to attack the research place. the scene moves when a man named nathan lind was visited by two men. himself as a leading scientist, and these two people are the main leaders from the apex cybernetic company. at that time, nathan was shown the the theory of the hollow earth. for those of you who love conspiracy theories, you must know about the hollow earth theory. it is said that on earth there are spaces or a floating islands. at that time, nathan was asked to find a source of energy on the spot. the place is also thought to be the place of origin of the titans on the earth's surface. the energy source in that place is said to be used against godzilla, who threatens humans mankind. in the end, nathan going to meet his friend ileen and explains his plan to find a source of energy in the cavity of the earth. but to get to where there need help from kong to find a place of energy sources for the sake of human safety. ilene also agreed to the request from his friend, even though there was a risk that godzilla will come to find kong. [Music], the scene moves when kong is already on a giant ship. and at that time, nathan lind meets a woman named maya simmons, who is the daughter of the leader of apex cybernetics. turns out that kong will be taken to a place research in antarctica, is where they will begin their journey inward the core of the earth. at night, jaw, who was asleep, suddenly woke up. he immediately came out. jaw then tries to calm titan down by communicating with him. scene moves where madison listen to live broadcasts or podcasts that are being done by bernie medicine, later visited by his friend named george. it turns out they intend to go to bernie and ask him the truth and reason of the godzilla attack. in a nutshell, they also managed to meet him, and their bernie said that there is an object that might cause godzilla attack the company. the three of them then planned to infiltrate the company and investigate further regarding previous incident. [Music], godzilla meanwhile, on their way to bring kong to antarctica, they are startled by an alarm that sounds about the arrival of godzilla. radar detect that creature approaching very fast. and sure enough, godzilla then come and attack the ship and also the escorting fighter planes. the journey and the battle between the two monsters were not inevitable. oh, in the battle, kong suffered defeat and lay weak as a result of having fought in the water. nathan then ordered that turn off all the ship's engines, so as not to cause this noise to made godzilla think that he had won the battle. and after that, godzilla left the battlefield, as if he did not want to continue his battle against the giant ape it was meanwhile, medicine and bernie were trying to enter apex cybernetics research facility, which has been attacked by godzilla earlier. when they got in, they entered the elevator, which took them away, headed to the underground place. they were shocked with the arrival of the officers. and they accidentally entered a storage place in which there is an object that stores and locked the other predator creatures the door in the place, then closed, and they also realize that they are trapped in the object. it turns out to be taken to other apex cybernetics research sites. was in hong kong, back to the research team who were take kong to antarctica. they took him, using dozens of helicopters, to be taken to the research site on the continent of ice. and this hole is where it is the path to go into the cavity of the earth that will bring kong and also scientists. jaw then told kong that his hometown was behind the hole, and it is possible that there are still other creatures that are just like himself in there. kong then moved into the hole. meanwhile, scientists will follow it using sophisticated aircraft which can handle the difference in gravity within the earth's cavity. [Music], you 