hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about City of God. the film begins in medias res with an armed gang chasing after an escaped chicken in a favela called the Cidade de Deus, City of God. the chicken stops between the gang and the narrator, a young man nicknamed rocket buscap\xc3\xa9, the film flashes back to the 1960s, where the favela is shown as a newly built housing project with little resources. three impoverished amateur thieves known as the tender trio, shaggy Caballero Clipper, allocate and Rockets older brother goose America, robbed business owners and share the money with the community, who in turn hired them from the police. lil dice, dad in yur, a young boy, convinces them to hold up a motel and rob its occupants. the gang resolves not to kill anyone and tells lil dice to serve as a lookout. instead, lil dice guns down the motel occupants after falsely warning the trio that the police are coming. the massacre is brought to the police's attention, forcing the trio to split up. clipper joins the church. shaggy is shot by the police while trying to escape the favela. and goose is shot by lil dice after taking his money, while lil dices friend, ben\xc3\xa9, ben\xc3\xa9, Shaggy's brother watches. in the 1970s, the favela has been transformed into an urban jungle. rocket has joined a group of young hippies. he enjoys photography and likes one girl, Angelica. but his attempt to get close to her is ruined by a gang of petty criminal kids known as the runts. lil dice, who now calls himself lilz a, z-pack winner, has established a drug empire with Benny by eliminating all of the competition, except for Kara, who is a good friend of Benny's. Lee Jose takes over the apartment a known drug distribution center, and forces carrots manager, Blackie Virginia, to work for him instead. coincidentally, rocket visits the apartment to get some drugs off Blacky. during the apartment rate through narration. rocket momentarily considers attempting to kill lilz a to avenge his brother, but decides against it. he is let go. after Benny tells lil Zack that rocket is gooses brother. some time later, a relative peace comes over the City of God under the reign of lil J who manages to avoid police attend. Benny decides to branch out of the drug dealer crowd and befriends Thiago, Angelica's ex-boyfriend, who introduces him to his and Rockets friend group. Benny and Angelica begin dating together. they decide to leave the city in the drug trade. during Benny's farewell party, they and Benny get into an argument. Blackie accidentally kills Benny while trying to shoot Leo's a. Benny's death leaves Lil's a unchecked. carrot kills Blackie for endangering his life. Leo's a and a group of his soldiers start to make their way to carrots hideout with the intention of killing him on the way. Jay follows a girl who dismissed his advances at Benny's party. he beats up her boyfriend, a peaceful man named knockout Ned, mangling yah and rapes her. after meds brother stabs Lil's a, his gang retaliates by shooting into his house, killing his brother and uncle in the process. a gang war breaks out between Karen and Leo's a. a vengeful Ned sides with carrot. the war is still ongoing that year later, in 1981, the origin forgotten, both sides enlist more soldiers, and Lil's a gives the runts weapons. one day, Leo's a has rocket take photos of him and his gang. a reporter publishes the photos, a major scoop. since nobody is able to safely enter the City of God anymore, rocket believes his life is endangered, as he thinks lilz a will kill him for publishing the photo of him and his gang. the reporter takes rocket in for the night, and he loses his virginity to her. unbeknownst to him, Leo's a, jealous of Ned's media fame, is pleased with the photos and with his own increased notoriety. rocket returns to the city for more photographs, bringing the film back to its opening scene. confronted by the gang, rocket is surprised that they asks him to take pictures. but as he prepares to take the photo, the police arrive and then drive off. when carrot gang arrives in the ensuing gunfire, Ned is killed by a boy who has infiltrated his gang to avenge his father, a policeman whom Ned has shot. the police capture lil Zayin carrot and planned to show carrot off to the media. since Lil's a has been bribing the police, they take all of lil days money and let him go. but Rockets secretly photographs the scene. the runts murders a to avenge the runt murdered at the behest of say they intend to run his criminal enterprise themselves. rocket contemplates whether to publish the photo of the cops exposing corruption and becoming famous, or the photo of lilz A's dead body, which will get him an internship at the newspaper. he decides on the latter, and the film ends with the runts walking around the City of God making a hit list of the dealers they plan to kill to take over the drug business, including the red brigade. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 