welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 11, episode 8. and remember, the best way to watch new episodes of the walking dead is on amc plus. click the link in the description to sign up now and join in for this epic final season. this is it the mid-season finale, or the third of the way through finale? because this final season has 24 episodes. but in any case, it's time for the big showdown against the reapers. maggie has used the whisperer's techniques to herd this horde of zombies to the reaper compound. and when this one reaper goes to lead them away, oh, he ends up surrounded. and our guys do the dodge and the knife, just like the whispers did wild. meanwhile, alexandria just can't catch a break. they were barely holding together, and now a horrible storm's coming through to tear it apart. long story short, though not too much happens here. when they're surrounded by walkers, it's rosita who goes out there to take them all down herself. big, bad ass moment. and little judith grimes encourages the other little girl here. gracie tells her not to be afraid. but when the walkers get in, they don't make it upstairs with the adults. they end up trapped in the flooding basement. now back to the reapers. the zombie horde is still here. and daryl's seen this before. he figures it's his friends doing the whisperer's trick. pope's not too worried though, because he's got land mines planted out there. oh, that's not good. in fact, negan and maggie's random friend get blown up a little bit, but oh, they shake it off. they're okay. meanwhile, maggie and father gabriel make it through. they're trying to sneak in. and it's daryl undercover with the reapers who's here to help him out. he goes to the one guy that he's befriended. it's his smoking buddy, but it's like, hey, man, don't you know smoking will kill ya? and oh, takes this guy out. but now daryl and leah are in charge of preparing the reaper's secret weapon. what is this beast? it's a huacha, a renaissance korean rocket propelled arrow launcher. but now that daryl has a moment alone with leah. hey girl, sorry about this, but i'm undercover. i really do like you though. i know you're a good person. so please defect on the reapers and come with me. but oh, lee is conflicted. she agrees that pope's gotten kind of crazy lately, but still, this is her family. meanwhile, maggie's gotten inside and hot wires her old truck to oh yeah, i ran the gate letting the zombie hoard in. some reapers charge in there to fight him off. but pope's like, hey, time to unleash the watcha. lee is like, whoa. our brothers are in there. they'll get hit. and pope's like, well, if that's god's choice, then that's what it is. and so daryl can't wait anymore. he reveals himself and gets ready to fight pope. but it's leah who gets him in the neck. oh, pope, you got too bad. daryl's like, good job. i'm proud of you. thanks for coming back over to the light side. but what's this? leah, radios the other reapers that daryl killed pope. oh, leah pulls out kylo ren. she killed snoke, but stan on the dark side. but because of the love they once shared, she lets daryl run away. so maggie's down there fighting reapers. she's got father gabriel up in the tower with a sniper rifle. sweet negan's there too, as well as maggie's random friend. and now daryl's here to join in. but the reapers get the order to fall back. it's like, hey, did we win? but it's not over yet. kylo leah's up there with the huacha, and she fires it. oh, and that's where the episode comes to an end. ah, they hit us with a cliffhanger. how will the battle with the reapers end? find out in part two of the final season, which returns february 20th. and you know, the best way to watch those new episodes is on amc plus. if you've been waiting to watch the new season, now's the time to sign up and binge through these first eight episodes. and while the walking dead is going on break the walking dead universe is just ramping up. fear the walking dead, season seven returns october 17th. and after season six's explosive finale, things are getting wild. with amc plus, get early access to each episode the week before so click the link in the description and sign up for amc plus now and join in for this final season of the walking dead and the expanded walking dead universe. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 