hey guys, welcome back to flix recap. my name is luke pelletier, and today we are taking what feels like a step backward in time, a blast into the golden pass to check out. 2002's enough. now, obviously there are spoilers ahead, but this one is absurd enough to enjoy either way. so before we dig in, be sure to give the video a like, drop a comment and subscribe to the channel. now, let's hit it. while working as a waitress in a diner, our leading lady, slim, runs into mitch, who owns a construction company. one thing leads to another, and the two get married, and soon slim gives birth to their daughter, gracie. everything seems to be fine in their little world, until one night when slim discovers that mitch has been cheating on her. she confronts mitch about it, who gives her this insincere apology, and then doesn't stop seeing other women. and his reasoning for this is that he's a man, and men and women have different needs. like, yeah, it lays it on very, very thick, very, very quick. 2002 really does seem like a long time ago. anyway, slim has had enough and won't take this from her husband. this irks mitch, who has the balls, or should i say, lack thereof, to slap slim and then punch her in the face. ugh. the next day, slim goes to see jenny, her friend and colleague from the diner, who suggests that she go to the cops. now she goes to the police station, and under the guise of asking for a friend, she finds out what she can do to protect herself. and gracie, the police officer, tells her that if a child is involved, she'll have to go through family court and prove that mitch is actually a danger to the child. realizing the complexity and the bureaucratic frustration of this process, she thinks that her best option is to leave her house and go somewhere safe. that night, when mitch is asleep, slim tries to sneak out with gracie, phil, her boss from the diner, ginny, and another friend, are there to pick her up. but right when she's about to slip out, mitch comes at her from behind and kicks her. her friends realize something's off when a loud commotion erupts inside the house. they rush in to help her, but mitch threatens them with a gun. however, phil isn't gonna let slim and gracie stay there. he picks up gracie, who's asleep on the couch, and wakes her up so that mitch will now have to put his gun away, a pretty smart trick. and they all hurriedly leave the house and drive off. but they can't decide where they should take slim and gracie because mitch knows where they all live. they go to a hotel, but slim's credit card gets denied, probably because mitch canceled it, the funds in her account have also been frozen. so jenny rents a motel room for slim and gracie with her credit card. but somehow mitch finds them there. he breaks in, forcing slim to take gracie and run out the back door. now he chases after them like a maniac, but they managed to catch a bus in time. later, phil helps slim and gracie catch a flight to seattle. slim's friend and ex-boyfriend, joe, lives in seattle, and slim has always felt very safe with him. so they decide to stay at his place, assuming he's okay with it. but mitch has apparently sent some goons after slim. they pretend to be fbi agents with a warrant to search joe's house. but pretty soon it becomes clear that these people are not fbi agents. they're just thugs who basically raid the whole place, but still can't seem to find slim and gracie, who are hiding in a great spot. mitch then calls joe and threatens him. but slim doesn't want to put joe's life in danger. very reasonable. so she packs up and goes to san francisco with crazy her estranged father, who had abandoned her when she was two years old, lives here, and she resorts to falling on his mercy, but he turns his daughter away, thinking that she just wanted his money. finally, slim and gracie then go to michigan, where phil's friends have found a group home for them to stay. here, slim assumes a new identity to protect herself from being located by mitch. a few days later, slim received some money in the mail, money from her father, who has had a change of heart after mitch's goons threatened him against helping her. while it's awesome that slim uses the money to find a new house for gracie and herself. i can't help but wonder how her father actually was able to send her money. i mean, she just got this group home, and i doubt phil and slim's dad are on like buddy buddy terms. whatever. anyway, slim also gets in touch with mitch's mother, though it's from a phone booth located hours away from where they live. mitch's mother tells slim that mitch is going to start a custody battle and advises her to let gracie talk to mitch. reluctantly, slim calls mitch and lets gracie talk to him, but mitch is tracing the call to find out slim's location, and he's doing it with the help of his cop friend, robbie. the only reason robbie agrees to help mitch is because he thinks slim deserves what's coming to her for being stupid. now you might ask, why robbie? why would you think she's stupid? to which he'd reply, oh, because she's a waitress, obviously. [Music], the irony mixed with the cringe here is just, oh my god. classic dude who enrolled in the police force, never had loans and never understood being an adult. anyway, mitch recruits robbie to find out where slim and gracie are living. and of course, robbie follows along. later, joe comes over to stay with slim and gracie for a day. but robbie sees them all together and finds out where they live. one day after joe leaves, mitch comes to slim's house. he assaults slim, and when gracie tries to stop him, he pushes her to the ground. too. luckily, slim manages to spray mitch with some pepper spray and grabs gracie and runs toward her car. she drives off at a high speed, but doesn't realize that robbie is following her. robbie tries to open her car when she stops for a bit, but she recognizes him as mitch's goon and drives off again. robbie continues to follow her. now i'm sure you haven't forgotten, because he is so memorable. but if you have robbie is a cop, which is why it is crazy that he has nothing better to do than aid and abet his abusive friend in harassing a woman and a child. anyway, in a pretty dangerous car chase, this cop hit slim's car multiple times, unfortunately for robbie. and contrary to his assumptions, slim is not stupid. she takes him to a spot where his car wouldn't get enough clearance, making him crash his car really badly. she then drives to a location which she is apparently already scouted out for such an incident. here she has another car ready with supplies, including some money and a wig to disguise herself. honestly, a pretty gangster move. slim then takes gracie to a lawyer's office where she tells attorney james toller about how mitch has been trying to kill her. toller tells her that she's too late because she didn't file any police reports earlier. also, now mitch might portray her as some drug addict at the custody hearing and gain sole custody of gracie. at the same time, though, if she doesn't go to the hearing, she might be declared a fugitive, and then the case will be completely in mitch's favor. toler also tells her that the custody hearing might just be a trick to get her in a certain place and have her killed. this makes slim realize that the only way for her and gracie to be safe was for her to fight mitch. so she calls ginny and asks for her to take gracie on a vacation with her own kids. slim wants to be fully prepared to protect herself before the custody hearing next month, so she takes self-defense lessons from a guy her father introduced her to. meanwhile, her father has also been trying to find mitch's address for her. apparently, mitch now lives in a new house in l.a. ready to confront mitch, slim takes a flight to la, finds his house and breaks in. she stays hidden in the house the whole night, waiting for mitch to leave. the next morning, she gets down from her hiding spot as soon as mitch leaves for work. with the rigor and suspense of a military mission, slim then prepares her weapons, messes with the power supply, hides all the knives in the house, uses a metal detector to find mitch's guns, plants some letters talking about her physical abuse in the cupboard and sets up a device to cut off all phone calls. and now she waits like a viper waiting for her prey to come to her. when mitch returns home that night, he's met with a power outage thanks to slim. slim then announces her presence in the dark. mitch looks around for his gun, but it's not there. he tries to call 9-1-1, but slim's device won't let him. finally, slim turns on the lights and reveals herself. she's ready to fight, but mitch still disses her for being a woman trying to fight a man. enraged, she slaps him hard, one after the other. he tries to come at her, but she's way too quick for him. she punches him, kicks him and smacks him around. at one point, he tries to choke her, but she now knows very well how to counter this attack. she throws him against the kitchen counter, where he hits his head and passes out. she has the chance to kill him, but restrains herself. in the meantime, mitch regains consciousness and hits slim on the head with a lamp, making her fall on the floor. as he's about to kick her, she gets up and thrashes him, ultimately kicking him off the floor and killing him. the film ends with slim reuniting with gracie at the airport. now i'm usually on the fence about socio-politically fueled action movies, but i like this film because it's from 2002 and speaks out against misogyny and toxic masculinity. obviously, these things have always been there, but this seems like a pretty badass way of reminding recent y2k viewers that these are very strong, very powerful, very messed up social phenomenon. and nearly 20 years after its release, the subject matter still remains significant almost everywhere in the world. obviously, mitch's exacerbated traditional ideals, and yeah, pretty much his whole character is supposed to make the viewer feel uncomfortable, which is why it makes it that much more enjoyable to watch slim beat his ass in the end. honestly, i also really enjoy this film because, 20 years later, you can get a lot of mileage goofing about robbie and mitch. it's kind of one of those films to just have fun with. what did you guys think about it? do you know of any other movies that are sociopolitically, kind of in a similar vein? and if you've seen enough before, what were your initial reactions? let me know in the comments below, and of course, be sure to like the video and subscribe to the channel for the next recap. until next time, 