hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1980 horror classic, The Shining. so let's get started. the film opens with Jack Torrance arriving at the Overlook Hotel to be its winter care taker. the hotel, built on a Native American burial ground, becomes snowed in during the winter, and Jack will use these months to write. Jack is warned that the previous caretaker developed cabin fever and killed his family and himself. Jack's wife, Wendy, and their son, Danny, arrive at the hotel. Danny seems to have telepathic powers and an imaginary friend named Tony. Danny telepathically communicates with the hotel's head chef, dick Heller Orin, who explains that he refers to the telepathic powers as The Shining. he explains to Danny that the hotel has a shine to it, along with many memories, not all which are good, and warns him to stay away from room 237. a month passes and Jack makes no progress on his writing. Danny begins to have frightening visions. Jack begins acting strangely and has violent outbursts, even having dreams of killing his family, Danny returns to his parents bruised after being curious about room 237, and when he accuses Jack of abusing Danny. Jack begins talking to a bartender, Lloyd, who is later revealed to be a ghost. Wendy tells Jack that Danny told her about a crazy woman in room 237 who attempted to strangle him. Jack investigates, encounters the woman's ghost, but tells Wendy he saw nothing. Jack finds a ball going on filled with ghosts, and is told by a ghost named Grady that he needs to correct Wendy and Danny. the head chef, is contacted by Danny and flies back to help the family. Danny later goes into a trance, calling himself Tony, calling out the word Redrum. Wendy discovers that Jack is deranged. typing over and over again, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Wendy tries to leave the hotel with Danny, but Jack tries to stop her, and she knocks him unconscious and locks him in the pantry. jack is freed by the ghost Grady. Danny continues to chant and draw the word Redrum. when Wendy sees a traverse in the bathroom mirror realizes that the word is murder. Jack bursts through the main door with an axe. the head chef arrives, but is murdered by Jack. Wendy runs, encountering ghosts and a cascade of blood. Danny and Wendy escape to the hotel's hedge maze, and Jack freezes outside, looking for Danny. as the film ends, a photograph in the hotel hallway shows jack standing in a group of partygoers from 1921. so that was the spoilers for the shining. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 