welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, definition aka, the guy whose videos you need to watch a second time to understand. and today we're going to be breaking down exactly what a temporal pincer is. it's probably one of the most confusing plot devices ever put to film. but we've got you covered in terms of how it works, why it's so effective and how the movie itself is actually a huge one going on before your very eyes. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had time to watch tennant yet, then i recommend that you go back and check it out before seeing this video. unsubscribe from the channel if you've been enjoying our tenant videos, and make sure you don't like the video if you haven't watched it. what anyway, with all out the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of the temporal pincer. okay, so the temporal pincer is used at two key points in the film. firstly, we see it happen during the car chase, and then at the end of the film during the battle at stalisk 12. however, the film itself is also a temporal pincer in some ways, with two major characters carrying out one across the decades. now before going into everything, we have to talk about how time in the film works. it's a relatively simple concept. and though it's often referred to as time travel, in many ways, it's not. we as humans experience time moving forward in a sequential direction. this is typically referred to as cause and effect, as in, you roll a pen forward and it moves forward. these are the laws of the universe. however, those in the film who become inverted witness things moving backwards, and thus the effect is viewed as being the cause. so for them, time moves in the opposite direction, with everything returning to its source rather than expanding from it. now everything that will happen has happened, and it is impossible to change things because there only exists one version of the events. so when the pen moves forward, it always moves forward. and because we saw it move forward and know that that is what will always happen, when we invert, it must always move back. during the car chase, which we'll get into more detail in a bit. when viewing things normally, we witness inverted cars moving backwards. and this is because the driver in them is going forward through time. however, when we see things inverted, they are the ones that experience the cars driving backwards, because for them, time is moving in the opposite direction. and thus the cars return to where they were the moment before, continuously seeming to go backwards. it's basically like playing a movie. you see it play out in a specific way, but if you hit the rewind button, you'll then watch the events play out exactly the same only this time backwards. you cannot alter or change them, because that is how they happened. and thus the characters in the film are very much like us viewers, seeing things play out. now this idea of predestination and things always happening the way that they're supposed to very much plays into the first real temporal pincer that we see. a temporal pincer is basically the idea that one can use knowledge of the present and past and then invert and go into the past and participate in the events exactly how they happened. when saito is on the boat at the end, he states that his knowledge of the future has helped him vastly. and this is because throughout his life saito has used temporal pincers as a way to achieve victory. now this is exemplified in the scene just before saito participates in the car chase. he goes into one of the turnstiles and then asks one of his team members to relay the events of the car chase, exactly how it happened. so sato has two teams, one going forward and one going backwards, both receiving information relayed by the others in order to carry out the perfect heist. he waits at this point until the protagonist is kidnapped and taken to him, which is when he steps out with cat who he had waiting to sato then threatens to shoot her whilst interrogating him. and after learning where everything is, he goes back in time and takes part in the car chase. the protagonist lies to sato so he doesn't actually get the algorithm. and the protagonist then follows him back in time, which is when we see the events of the car chase play out in reverse. this method of traveling backwards is so effective that it's actually used by the tenant group at the end of the movie in order to carry out the skirmish at stalisk 12. now we predominantly see the briefing through the eyes of the red team, and this is because the blue team have already finished their operation. they have to remain in the shipping containers so that the red team cannot witness the end result. as if they see someone that perhaps isn't there in the container, they may potentially divert from their planned route in order to save them. so the blue team did the up at starlusk 12 and then returned to where the briefing was in order to feed the information forward on what would be happening. because of this, the red team now know exactly where the explosion will take place, and they can plan around it. when the operation begins, the red teams set their watches to 10 minutes, which will count down to the explosion, which will happen when the timer hits zero. juxtaposing this, the blue teams set their watches to zero, and it counts up until the red team arrives, which just so happens to be the 10 minute mark. now both the red team and blue team are actually merely there to carry out a diversion that will make the future sator believe that the algorithm was buried. when we see michael kane in the film, he states that two weeks prior during the opera scene, there was an explosion at saito's old home, which we learn is stalisk 12. sator 2 would know of this, and he would believe that that was his team in the future traveling back to that moment to bury the algorithm so that people in the future could find it. the entire plot of the movie is basically to make sato believe that the algorithm is buried, so that saito thinks his mission is successful, when really, a splinter group, led by the protagonist, are going to break into the bunker, steal the algorithm and then set off the explosion, so that it seems like it was buried, when really they had it all along. does that make sense? i think, you know what? i think, i think it. i think it does. anyway, michael kane actually knew the entire events that were going to happen, and that the algorithm didn't get buried because the world didn't end. and all that he was doing was merely setting up the dominoes to knock them all down, whilst putting the protagonist on a path that would lead to him going back in time and stopping the algorithm from being buried. he knew he wasn't in any danger, which is probably why he was just chilling out and hanging around at a fancy restaurant. and all he really was was another cog in the machine that would keep the wheels spinning the way that they were supposed to. now he's one of many, and the film itself should actually be viewed as a temporal pincer as a whole, as we've learned. in order for a temporal pincer, we need to have two teams, and in the film, these are shown using the colours red and blue. as it requires two people moving in different directions, we need to find out who these characters are in the film in order for this theory to be correct. now the first one that we know for definite is neil. and neil is actually the person that has moved backwards throughout the film. and we learn that he was recruited by an older version of the protagonist from the future. thus neil is the blue team member, and the protagonist is there for the red neil knows more than he should, because he's already been briefed on everything that will happen by the protagonist who has watched it all play out in the future. in the future, we know that he recruits neil and then sends him back, fully briefed on what will happen. and this should be viewed as a continual loop. neil plays his part, and then, through his journey, travels back to this moment at the end of the movie with the protagonist, and he gives him his part of the algorithm to keep. he then briefs him on what his mission is, and that is to travel forward through the future, recruit neil and then send him back so that he can partake in the temporal pincer. we never actually meet the elder version of the protagonist, but we know that he succeeds in his mission, because neil is able to come back to this moment and complete his objective informing the protagonist that he must continue forward to recruit neil. the protagonist in the future is so clued up on how everything will happen because he lived through it when he was younger. and he then used this knowledge to put all of the key players in place, such as priya, the guy on the boat, and michael kane, who, yes, i know his character is not called michael kane. now, the protagonist tells neil that he has to guide his past version into saving the world in order so that he can go to the future and send neil back to guide him into saving the world. as i said, it's a complete perfect loop in which the future relies on the past just as much as the pastoralized in the future. hopefully, hopefully that helped you get your head around it. and that's pretty much the entire temporal pincer in a nutshell. and though it's it's a bit difficult to understand at first, once you see everything for the continual loop that it is, it makes a lot more sense. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our fall breakdown of neil's timeline, which is going to be linked at the end. we go over his entire run throughout the movie and even before. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. we're also giving away a free copy of the christopher nolan collection. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of september, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you being the best i've been definition. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 