[Music], hey guys, it's Jessie Faden. I'm gonna be showing you around remedy, who, apparently, it's making a game about me. so see, see what they do here. the building doesn't seem to be moving. wonderful. this is one of my favorite places, the kitchen. ah, this is what they do here. yeah, play more game. don't mind me. so here's looking at the treats food. don't know about you guys, but I love sweets. all right, let's go take a look down the control hallway. art director me. we have this familiar thing, the Federal Bureau of control. I know a thing or two about this place. so weird seeing yourself on the halls, the hall walls. ah, working tirelessly. we have another room. I don't don't actually know what they do in there, but something related to the game. so behind me here we have me and a quote from me. this happens to be one of my favorite jackets, by the way. I got it at a wonderful vintage store, which is where I get all the rest of my clothing. oh, and in case you're wondering, yes, you can change my clothes as you wish. I don't know about you. this jackets, pretty badass. alright, let's keep walking. we have magical what a music replay. I'm playing the hottest, the hottest tracks of 2019. love it. they love those. juni rock. there we go. this guy, I'm impressed. I'll be here all week. I'll be back then. I love music, all different kinds of moving. something you might not know, rock music is my favorite. but that was pretty amazing. hi. we have many other this is another room where they work on the game. we've got drawings. these are the things I doodle in my office when I'm not fighting evil. all right, let's go scope out this end of the hallway. so you've got over here, conference room. it's important this. we've got humans, lots of humans. I'm assuming this is people who work here. this is a great idea actually. you know, starting at the bureau, it's been, it's been a little, there's not too many people, but even learning people's names sometimes is a bit overwhelming, especially when you know, your brains kind of doing 10 million tasks like, you know, keeping it the place safe and cleaned out, and, and then learning who works there and what they do. so this is actually fantastic. I might still this idea. don't tell them I love it though. I love being a part of the bureau. it's absolutely an amazing it's great. I'm learning a lot. there's more to learn. another hallway. it's never-ending. it's interesting because, you know, remedy is super busy creating this game, and so they have been really wonderful to let me come and visit and explore. but everyone has been so busy creating for all of you guys that I haven't had a proper full tour of the new building. so I apologize if I don't know everything. but I'm exploring with you guys. it's fun. do you know, I didn't hear about this? this I look familiar. I've absolutely no clue. if you guys figure it out, let me know. more hallways. back to the hallway. let's go check out upstairs. Quantic ray, I've heard that game was amazing. you know, I really wish I could levitate right now. that is by far my favorite thing that I've acquired. it's amazing. you guys haven't tried it? you absolutely have to try it. it's like taking off, is like jumping off of an invisible trampoline. but then once you're up there, it's kind of like, kind of like swimming, but lighter, less dense. the color of these chairs, they're wonderful. we're here all day and there's nobody here. where is the fridge? speaking of fridge, by the way, if anybody has any off time, downtime at all, if you could relieve the guy in front of the fridge, that would be fantastic. I told him I was gonna go back, but I've been so busy. you get it. so that would be great. I feel like he would really appreciate it. by the way, if you guys ever have an opportunity to watch anything, these the best things to launch, these plates. they crash, they crack. they're loud. they also serve as really good weapons. mugs are good too. this looks like hot chocolate, which is my favorite. on a cold New York evening, I'm gonna take this. don't tell him. [Music]. 