Being overweight or obese are both terms for having more body fat than what is considered healthy. To avoid it, people find ways to lose weight safely including eating a healthy, low-calorie diet and exercising. However, in the following movie called: Thinner; there is a man trying to lose weight in the exact opposite way: He eats more. Let\xe2\x80\x99s find out how he does it. Be aware: there are spoilers! Billy Halleck is an obese upper-class attorney living in the suburb of Maine in Fairview with his wife Heidi and a daughter Linda. Every morning, Billy weighs himself and lets Heidi keep track, as part of a losing weight program for Billy. Heidi controls her husband\xe2\x80\x99s diet strictly, which makes him uncomfortable and unwilling to take her food. At court, by having a loophole, Billy frees an Italian underground mafia named Richie from homicide. He is then well treated in a fancy yacht, and Richie says he owes Billy this time. After work, Billy joins his close friends: Judge Cary and Police Chief Duncan for a talk while all share a look of disdain to the Gypsies, who currently run a carnival in the town. That night, the couple is invited to a fancy party held by his company for the winning. Heidi has to stop Billy from having too much food and sweets. The two leave the party earlier than expected. While driving, Heidi reminds Billy that his life is not only about food. She then helps Billy to have some fun in the car. Distracted by that, Billy runs over a Gypsy woman, making her die right away. Several days later, Linda questions Billy why he can get home so quickly after the trial. Billy and Heidi both explain to her that he had to join a car accident investigation, not a trial. Heidi tells her that Billy did nothing wrong here, which confuses Linda. At the court hearing, Judge Cary calls all the witnesses to relate the night of the accident. One man says the woman ran away from the store after she was caught stealing. Chief Duncan tells the court that Billy was driving at normal speed at that time. He also gave Billy a breathalyzer, which in fact he didn't. Cary eventually clears Billy from any charges. Heidi and Billy step out of the court feeling relieved. As the two get in the car, an older gypsy man named Lempke, who reveals to be the victim\xe2\x80\x99s father, appears and greets Billy. He then brushes Billy\xe2\x80\x99s cheek and says \xe2\x80\x9cthinner\xe2\x80\x9d. The man leaves with an indignant face, confusing Billy about what happened. The following week, Billy is surprised when standing on the scale as he has lost 14 pounds. The last record was 300 pounds, which amazed Heidi too because he has never stopped eating. Billy smears at Heidi\xe2\x80\x99s tough diet and thinks he has his own way to lose weight. Later that day, Billy joins Dr Mike and Judge Cary for a round of golf. In the changing room, Cary asks Mike if there is something wrong with his chest. Mike says his Psoriasis has come back due to stress and it\xe2\x80\x99ll be alright with some ointment. Billy weighs himself again and realizes he\xe2\x80\x99s lost two more pounds within a morning. While showering, Billy thanks Cary for helping him last time with the accident. The Judge reveals that he and his wife went for lunch after the hearing. They bumped into an old man and he touched Cary in the chest. Cary worries that he might get an infection from that man. Billy starts to realize something and asks Cary if the man told him anything. The Judge says he didn\xe2\x80\x99t listen at the time. He then gets angry and states that he will kick all of the Gypsies out of town as soon as possible. One morning, Heidi realizes Billy has 25 pounds lost, making it total 40 in only two weeks. She tells him to stop what he is trying to lose weight because it is way too fast. She thinks the sudden weight loss is a warning sign of cancer. Billy gets pissed as Heidi seems to care too much. Either he loses or gains weight, she\xe2\x80\x99s never satisfied. Later, Billy meets with Dr Mike again and is informed that all the tests are negative, which means he is in normal state. Feeling relief, Billy heads to a tailor and buys himself new suits. The tailor, who is seen obese too, is astonished at Billy\xe2\x80\x99s appearance. While measuring the sizes, the tailor shows Billy his waist size, which decreases incredibly. He asks to use the scale at the shop and is amazed at the number. However, Billy continues to remain in denial about what is happening. He eats more, scaring Linda at home. The girl asks if Billy is in something called man\xe2\x80\x99s menoposis. Billy says this is the best method to his weight, the more he consumes, the lighter he becomes. He keeps chewing and laughing at Linda, which upsets the girl, so she runs to her room after that. Heidi cleans up the empty dishes on the table and complains about Billy\xe2\x80\x99s changes recently. Billy tells her he has desperately attempted to eat as much as possible to see if he can gain any weight. All has failed, and he thinks only by eating he would balance this whole madness. At night, Mike informs Billy about his further examinations, apparently the tests again show normal. Mike introduces Billy to another clinic and sees if he is under other issues. Billy notices Cary\xe2\x80\x99s wife has dinner alone, but Mike says Cary has left the town for his sister. However, Billy knows Cary has no siblings. Later, Billy decides to see Cary at his house. The wife refuses to let him in, but Billy manages to ask if Cary has lost weight recently. Cary\xe2\x80\x99s wife becomes terrified and confronts if Billy has met the older Gypsy man. She reveals that Lempke also touched the judge, and whispered "lizard". Cary has to hide from others because he has transformed into a half human half lizard creature, according to the wife. She then throws the tantrum at Billy, accusing him for killing that woman and bringing Cary a deadly curse. Billy does not believe in a gypsy curse and leaves, while the hysterical woman screams that it was all Billy's fault. After that, Billy calls Richie to have more information about the Gypsy curse. Richie's mother claims that only the one who created the curse can remove it. While driving home, Heidi denies the idea about cursing, and tells Billy that he should check him into the clinic. Linda is confused about what is going on, and Billy leaves angrily to visit Chief Duncan. It is true that Duncan also experience an extremely horrendous case of facial acne. He tells Billy to take one of his guns and kill Lempke, because he believes that Lempke will never take the curse off. Billy refuses, and as he leaves, there is a gunshot heard, Hopley commits suicide with the weapon. When Billy returns home, he sees Mike is leaving. Knowing that it is very late, Billy begins to suspect that Heidi is having an affair. He talks about Duncan and the curses with Heidi, only to hear her denial again. This time, Billy throws his food away and gets angry with Heidi, saying he\xe2\x80\x99ll find Lempke and solve the curve by himself. Billy leaves town and tracks down the gypsies, furiously demanding for Lempke to take off the curse, but he tells him that he will die before he will take off the curse. Gina, Lempke's granddaughter, even throws a puppet, which represents him, at Billy and scares him away with a sling. Billy quickly flees away in Cary's car, who now mutates to a lizardized human. They then drive straight into a truck which is seemingly driven by Lempke. The experience turns out to be a nightmare. He calls Cary, hoping to recruit him on the way to finding the Gypsies. Billy discovers that Judge Cary has died in a car accident yesterday. Finally, Billy can reach the camp where the Gypsie base is. He begs Lempke to help him by showing his skinny belly to the group. However, Gina shouts at him for killing her mother, and injures his hand by a slingshot. Billy gets back to the hotel while his hand is badly bleeding. He contacts Richie for help. A doctor is sent to take care of Billy. His hand has a clear hole in the middle due to the slingshot. After that, Billy tells everything about the curse and his dying body to Richie. The man reveals to Billy that Heidi and Mike submitted a request for Billy's deteriorating mental condition back home. Billy, who appears very sick up to now, becomes more depressed. Richie decides to send a man spying on the Gypsies the next day. However, Billy and Richie receive his corpse as the answer from the Gypsy group soon after that. Now having had enough, Richie would destroy the group at all cost. He comes to the carnival and opens fire at the group, eventually killing one Gypsy, who is Gina\xe2\x80\x99s husband. The following day, Richie disguises as an FBI agent and lures Gina to follow him to an abandoned barn. Richie assaults Gina with a jar of acid, and is about to shoot her, but Billy arrives and tells Richie to stop as all he wants now is to lift the curse, not kill people. Richie agrees, and tells her to tell Lempke to meet Billy at the nearby lighthouse. As appointed, Lempke meets with Billy, who is dying from weight loss. Lempke gives Billy a pie and cuts his hand, dripping lots of blood with the "curse inside" into the pie. Lempke tells him that the curse can only be removed by feeding some of the pie to an unsuspecting person. Before returning home with the \xe2\x80\x9ccursed\xe2\x80\x9d pie, Billy first calls Linda to send her away tonight at a relative's house, lying he needs to talk with Heidi in private. That night, Billy goes home and feeds the pie to his wife, as punishment for her affair. The next morning, Billy wakes up and seems to gain weight again. He finds Heidi is already dead with a rotten body. As he goes downstairs, he realizes Linda has returned home early and had some of the pie. Billy is stricken with grief and begins to commit suicide with the pie, only when he hears the doorbell. It is Mike at the front door. Billy invites him in for the pie, slowly closing the door with a mysterious smile. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 