level that you never gonna get back. please, always push it up to the brain. free. never expect your respect back. British, reach the keys, you'll be tight. [Music], picking up after the Joker has just committed suicide while battling Batman, Dark Knight Returns took fall. focuses primarily on the divisions between the left and right, not the directions you Muppet. the story builds up - and focuses on the eventual battle between Batman and Superman. throughout the story, Batman's come to represent that the public can be trusted to do the right thing in the end, a liberal mentality, where is Superman sort of more regimented and believes that any male that sticks up should be hammered down, a Republican mentality. the Blue Boy Scout even drops Lions light. isn't this a school night? and once it's playful last it represents order in America as a whole. we're supposed to dislike Superman and align ourselves with the Dark Knight, but both sides have their merits and criticisms, making it for a really good in that battle of morals and physicality. it's a great analysis of modern-day politics. barely making it through his ordeal, escaping from the police, Batman feels like he's on his last leg. Gotham City soon follows suit. the wall that has slowly built up in the subplot to this point comes to full fruition when Russia launched a nuclear missile at corto, Maltese Superman belly intercepting the missile, allows it to detonate over the seas. however, the EMP caused by the blast knocks all electrical equipment out and Gotham, while Superman recovers, in a scene that clearly inspired Batman V Superman, we see Gotham become a lawless no-man's land. if you've ever beaten Magaluf, imagine now 3:00 in the morning, everyone running through the streets, pissing on everything, vomiting everywhere, fighting one another, having sex on a park bench. hell, they'll heard mega loves all right, if you go in September. it's basically like that in Gotham freeway. being known for its reputation, it seems like Gotham City doesn't have a chance of even making it through the night. that's where woody Batman comes in, gallantly riding on horseback, Batman returns to Gotham, bringing law and order with him. we are given the first-person perspective of how terrifying the events would be. these would later be realized in the terrorist attacks on 9/11. and it's phenomenal to see how this situation would be handled should superheroes exist. being more relevant today than it was in 1986, I really got the impression that Mello was a forward thinker. in this segment about restoring Gotham whilst the rest of the eastern seaboard descends into chaos, really elevates the stature of the Caped Crusader. Batman represents order. however, it's an unorthodox order, a symbol of an establishment, and it becomes a political embarrassment because of it. the president decides that Batman's went too far. Superman, who knows Batman will never allow himself to be brought in alive, decide there's only one way to do it. you'll never take me alive copper. to me, from this perspective, it seems like Superman always wanted an excuse to take that man down. you get hints towards there being no superheroes anymore. and Superman being the cause of that. and Superman is pretty much primarily users and Lackey, a deterrent to stop other countries from attacking America. he's brought in to handle things that the president may want distance himself from. politically, Batman's a complete affront to this. that's why so dangerous. once the people begin to question the authorities, there could be a revolution. Superman is here to keep order and make sure everyone stays in line. Batman, now out that line. let's go bring them back in. when kids weren't whispering in your ear and running off giggling, the playground was a place where you would debate who would win in a fight, Batman or Superman. it was also where you wore your hood over your head and pretended to be Batman, whilst your little loser made the little dip kid it pretended to be Robin. that kid grew up to be CEO of a multi-million pound company. well, it's you scrape money together to read comics. he attend of sweet corn to eat. BT, this would be a falling Christmas, but I digress. but never was a clear answer to that question, till 1986, Frank Miller dared to have the two giants of comics face-off against each other. and it was a momentous battle. Bruce wails on, Superman threw out, hitting him with procedural attacks from every angle. he uses missiles to Batmobile, electronics and sonic waves to impact the heroes sensors on every level. it's completely tactical and speaks volumes to how prepared Batman is for every eventualities. the helmet makes him deaf to Superman's pleas, removing any possibility of doubt. I wish this was something that hadn't been used in Batman V Superman, as it would have made sense as to why cop couldn't reason with the Dark Knight. well, know that they didn't put much thought into that final battle. Oh, with the help of Green Arrow, Batman uses kryptonite against the Man of Steel, beating on him until cardiac arrest takes over his body and he dies at the scene. mirroring this, Alfred to passes away, destroying Wayne Manor in the process. the fat is dead. the legacy is over. so the world thinks fake news, that impression was crap. pins out. Batman plan to fake his own death, removing himself from the limelight so that he could once again operate in the shadows. at the funeral, clock gears him, but like good ol America, he lets him off. it allows Superman to be the good guy in the end, realizing that he will never bet Bruce Bowie, but as he stays out his way, he's okay with that. we end on Bruce rebuilding the cave with the mutant gang, realizing that this will be a good life. The Dark Knight Returns is the perfect send-off for Bruce Wayne. it features heavy political subtext as well as a gigantic showdown between Batman and Superman. to of comics most iconic characters. enveloped within this book is a well written and crafted story, and we see the initial thoughts of it come to full fruition here in the end. it's a perfect way to end his career. no matter how many times I read it, this chapter always blows me away. it's a momentous occasion that really nails down the intricacies and differences between Batman and Superman 'he's way of thinking, which makes them both such interesting characters. standing tall is one of the greatest send-offs ever. no choice but to give this issue, a perfect 10 out of 10. so that concludes my Dark Knight Returns review and in-depth analysis. brilliant from start to finish. this book absolutely deserves to be on your bookshelf. it would go on to influence Batman comics for the next thirty years, and few of those comics have managed to hold a candle to this. it's rare to find such a gripping read. and I urge those who haven't checked it out to definitely pick it up. adapted the movies, games, animated films, everything really is the quintessential tale of the Caped Crusader. and I just, I'm head over heels with it. after having reviewed all four chapters, weighing them all up as one, I decided to mark this story overall as a 9.5 out of 10. it's just a brilliant journey, and you should definitely pick it up. so thanks very much for checking out my Dark Knight Returns review. it's been a long time coming, and it's took a long time to get there. so I appreciate everyone who's watched it week by week. make sure you subscribe my child, because next time I'm doing the Dark Knight strikes again with Buffy. it's not gonna be reviewed as highly, but I don't know why. and then after that, I'm gonna review the Dark Knight 3, the master race. it's cut, it's cure. it's finally here. so make sure you check that out too. very much for taking the time to watch everything. I really appreciate it. and I love you. take care. peace. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music] 