okay, so I've seen a lot of news articles and internet posts recently about how Tony Stark is dead due to the fact that he is not anywhere in the spider-man, far from home trailer. even just googling, is Tony Stark dead brings up millions of results. the main evidence for this comes from the fact that Pepper Potts signs the donation check in the trailer. happy says, you are all along. and Peter looks at his costume with sadness. personally, I think a lot of these are a bit of a reach, and when you watch the trailer, you don't really get the feeling for that. obviously, we know that Pepper Potts is now the sole CEO of Stark Industries, so this checks signing doesn't seem out of place. here looking at his costume with sadness, it could be because he has a lot of memories attached to it and sort of wants to leave the responsibility of it behind. happy saying you are all alone, to me, means that the Avengers will not be with him, and that he is going out on this trip without any real reach to the rest of the team. rather than Tony being dead, recently, I was sent a tweet by Katie Lee, who has contributed to my fan theories before. and what she says makes a lot of sense. in the tweet, Katie states, hey, hope you're good. just noticed a few things in the spider-man trailer. the film is set moments after end game, when the smirky dude says he respects spider-man, etc. he mentions Thor and Iron Man, and Pierre isn't moved like Stark is gone. far from it. also, when happy gives the check, I'll expect tears upon seeing each other. got me thinking though, like, what if the biggest lie the Russo's have created, it's Captain America and Iron Man dying or leaving the MCU in other ways, and actually put money on at least one of them signing on for a few more films? personally, this seems like the most likely theory. I mean, happy hogan doesn't exactly see my kiss changing his name to sad hogan. and I feel like the universe would have a lot less of a positive outlook if one of its biggest parts no longer existed. there are, of course, other theories that state that, far from home actually ends before Infinity Ward starts with Peters bus journey in that film, at being when they return from the trip. of course, we won't know what's true and what isn't until endgame is released in April. but until then, it's fun to speculate. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts. and if you enjoyed this video, please like it and let me your theories in the comments below. make sure you check out my fan theory on how the elementals in the far from home trailer may be illusions, which is linked after this video. I've also included Katie's Twitter in the description, so make sure you follow her from what ban theories like this. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition that. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. Oh, 