[Music]. grotesque is a 2009 japanese exploitation horror film, which has a story with only three characters. all i can say about this movie is that you can't watch the whole movie without throwing up. it's true. it's extreme violence. kids should not watch this movie. we have to explain this because so many people have requested this movie. we are not responsible if you become a psycho after watching this movie. okay, now there is a question. what if your girlfriend asks you, are you ready to die for me? what would you say? sometimes you may say, ready, don't you? but if you are asked the question once again after watching this movie, you may not be able to admit it immediately. so come in at your own risk. our hero's name is kazuo. the name of the heroine is aki. the name of the third character is kim. sorry if there is a difference in the pronunciation of the names of the hero and the heroine. the movie begins with a one fine day. hero and heroine were walking on the road. someone came from behind and hid them on the head with a hammer. then the two were loaded into a car. after a while, when they opened their eyes and saw that they were tied to an iron boat in a room. this was stranger there. he was the one who kidnapped them. hiro and heroine were standing face to face. both hands and feet were tied. the mouth was closed to prevent noise. both were in a state of fear and could not even breathe. they couldn't understand what was happening there and why they were kidnapped. when they tried to make noise and scream, he told them not to make noise. then he kidnaps and tells the hero to select one or two of these numbers, but he makes a noise without answering them. aki starts to cry. then he takes something like a screwdriver and stabs the hero in the mouth. then the blood starts to flow from his mouth. he then inserts the road into the hero's stomach. he then urinates. in pain and fear, it started bleeding from the wound in the abdomen. seeing all this, aki was scared and she started screaming. kidnapper picked up a stick and walked towards aki, who was crying because she was scared. he approaches her, puts his face to hers and kisses her on the cheek. then he places the bar on the table and started pointing his finger at the wound in the hero's stomach. since it was the part of the intestine. he began to throw up, saying this, aki tells him to leave the hero alone. when he heard this, he asked, are you ready to die for him? she answers no. the next scene shows their first date. kidnapping takes place when they broke up, and that was the first time they met. hiro liked her at his first sight. it was his first dating, and he had never dated anyone. aki also liked him very much. as they walk out of the restaurant, she asks him, are you ready to give your life for me? that? since that was the first meeting, he was confused as to what to answer. then the heroine laughs, saying she told a joke. then the hero takes her hand and tells her very seriously, i will definitely do it when the opportunity arises. they were abducted when the conversation was over. the next scene shows the protagonist vomiting continuously. seeing this, he unties the hero's hand, and in an attempt to escape, he tries to attack him. so he ties up the kazoo again. the protagonist loses consciousness. the next scene shows that he is not in that room. protagonist is still unconscious. the heroine is crying in fear. she has periods, then she is bleeding. at this point, he comes into room. it was all about food. by the time hero had regained consciousness slightly, he heard that rising was he was playing some music. he ate all the food and he started talking to them. has kazuo ever had sex before? he knows no. and without believing it, he says, only the truth can be told here. then he asks again, have you had sex that he knows again, he asks the heroine the same question. then she says, i had six ones. when he hears this, he asks the hero, do you still like it? he said yes and shook his head. are you ready to give your life for her? he cries emotionally and says, i'm ready. but there is a way to escape from it, which is to say that he will send away someone who can make him sexually happy. he says, they need to show their urgency to escape. after this, he puts medicine on hero's stomach wound. and he takes off kazuo's pants. the iron plate that binds the hero in his place next to the hero. now the two of them are staring at each other closely. in doing so, he tells them drink. now it is said that the real pain is going to come. he then sterilizes both of them with chloroform. the next scene, smells of another kind of fluid and brings them back to consciousness. when they open their eyes, they were lying on the same iron plank. similarly, their arms and legs are tight so that they can not move, like the operation theater that brought them in. he had put on the doctor's stress. he then takes a chainsaw and walks over to kazoo. without any emotion, he cuts off the fingers of both kazuo's hands, and all the fingers except the thumb, with that chain snow he is drenched in pain and bathed in blood. then he took all the broken fingers and tied them with a string around aki's neck. she was trampling with fear as well. and she yells, no, please. i do not say anything to speak of, so you will be punished, he said, lowering his sword. then he cut off her top with those scissors. and he uses her scissors to cut off both her nipples. then she has a second hand, which is cut off with a machine. she fainted from pain and placed her cut fingers around kazuo's neck like a necklace. then the kazoo lies down and makes a noise. then he inserts a finger into his nose. didn't you say you could give your life for her? so i'm gonna hurt you more, he says. he tells her that he will only hurt her if you cannot help her in doing so, and that he will leave her alone if he is impressed with his ability to endure the pain. when he said this, he looked at kazuo aki and cried and agree. he then told her what he was gonna do next. only then will he hurt aki if he can't stand the pain of putting a few tacks into his testicles. he started tacking the testicles. but the hero will endure all his pain, seeing that he's not backing down despite all this, he says that he is going to cut off his penis. he asks again, if you want to back off. but hiro looks at him as if no. he looks like he is going to lose in front of kazu as he parks one of his eyes out. and seeing this, aki say something. he was angry, and he told i told you not to talk. kazuo, who is sure that he will punish her, can withdraw if he wants. but he tells her to continue that harassment without backing down, he cuts off his penis with a knife. he took the severed penis in his hand and began to shout, you have won. you have defeated me. so you were right. you have never had sex with anyone before. you won. and i will not let you die anymore. in the next scene, they were both treated well and are seen lying in a room. kazuo was very happy when the consciousness became clear. i'm so glad you got your life back, he tells her, after saying that he is not ready to die for himself and that he has had sex with someone else. anyone's eyes will be filled when they see kazoo's love. the person who harm them enters the room with the flowers. they asked him why he is not letting them out. he says he is a doctor, and that they are now exhausted because of their injuries, and they can be released if they recover from it. and soon after release, he says he can surrender to the police. and he promises them that he will pay 700 million dollars in compensation for their injuries. he tied their legs to the bed to prevent them from injuring themselves as they try to escape, before they could recover. the next scene shows them eating iron. then they say, the doctor is talking about me. and she asks him if the doctor will save us. kazuo says that he cannot understand what is in his mind. he says that he loves her a lot and wants her to be with him later in life. and she agrees. the doctor takes good care of them. with the help of the doctor, they recover within a few days. doctor said they were good with their health, and he said they can go in a few days. he left a medicine for them to drink. they were very happy to hear this. then there is a twist in the story. they lost their consciousness after taking the drug. and when they regained consciousness, they were back to that old state. the doctor is still there in his old case. he said that they were very satisfied in their case. therefore, they have to test kazoo a little more. doctor tells him what he's going to do next, what kazoo needs to do. doctor will make an incision in kazoo's body and cut his rectum. then his bowel will be tied with a rope. doctor will put a pair of scissors on the floor, so she has to untie it. in that case he must save her, and so on. is he ready for it? she says she is ready for it, in relief that she will escape. the rectum was cut, just like he said. he then made an incision in the abdomen and pulled the intestinal cord through it, tying the intestinal cord to the coat. it is as disgusting as it looks like. when this is done, his consciousness goes away. he says he will hurt her if he can't reach aki. when kazuo heard this, he somehow crawled and picked up the doctor caesar's on the ground. but he realizes that he has to cut his gut if he wants to get close to aki. his consciousness was fading, but remembering her, he crawls and cuts the bandages on her legs with the scissors. although he fell several times, he somehow managed to grab aki's body and try to cut his arm. when the cloth is cut, a chain is seen inside it. the doctor did it so they would not escape. the helpless kazuo leaves the grip and falls to the ground, fainting. doctor pulls him away. he went to her and asked, do you want to live? after sitting quietly for a while, she spits in his face, and she tells the doctor, i have met your mother. the doctor was surprised to hear that you have the same face of that [ __ ] and you are their son. kim, your mother was a [ __ ]. she was a prostitute, and that's why you never had friends and no one was willing to have sex with you. you only had sex with your mother. aki went on saying that you are doing this because you are the son of that [ __ ] and you are alone. he repeatedly pierces her body with his chainsaw. then he picks up an axe and looks at her neck. with that, cut the severed neck, and her head was thrown upwards. the head fell off doctor's body, and she bites his neck deeply. doctor writs in pain and falls to the ground. then the scissors lying there pierced the kazoo down his neck. kazuo had little consciousness at that time. kazoo and aki lie there and die. doctor escapes with minor cuts to his neck. he digs their body into a field. from there he walks away. next scene shows that the doctor waiting for the third side of the card. another girl walks by, and he goes after them to catch them. this is where the story ends. as i told you earlier, watch this movie at your own risk. 