welcome back to movies explained. today we are looking at the movie fantasy island. a woman is running, calling out and looking around, before she enters a house. she hides behind a table. when the phone rings, she picks it up and starts to beg the man to send help. she tells him that she has been abducted and taken to some crazy island. the man asks the girl to calm down and tells her that he's sending help. the girl is thanking him when he replies to her with her name, mrs madison. she is shocked to hear her name and asks the man how he knows it. he says, you are one of my guests. the people who were following the girl come into the house and drag her by her feet. she tries to put up a fight, but fails, and the men carry her away. the woman is walking on the beach when she sees a plane heading towards the island. she runs back in and says, mr rourke, the plane is here. he comes out of his study and says, smiles. everyone smiles. the woman named julia goes outside to welcome the guests. an ex-police officer patrick two stepbrothers, jd and brax, businesswoman gwen and a teenager melanie, come out of the plane. julia welcomes them with flower necklaces and drinks. julia says, welcome to fantasy island. congratulations on winning the contest this weekend. you will be our vips, and in return, we ask you to brag about us online when you get back home. she introduces herself that she is the personal assistant of the host, mr rourke. the guests start guessing about him. brax says, i have heard that mr rourke bought this island from the natives 200 years ago for six boxes of rum. melanie says that he was an angel investor in the 90s and got bored of silicon valley, to which gwen interrupts and says, that he got bored and opened an amusement park. julia jumps into the conversation and says, trust me, there is more to this island and everything and anything is possible here. she informs the guests that mr rourke will meet them after he has done the final preparations. they should go to their rooms and freshen up. an older man, damon, is seen looking at the guests from far away. while they go into the mansion, the attendants take the other members to their room while they ask jd and brax to wait in the bar. a man takes patrick to his room, and he tries to give some tips to him, but the attendant replies, there is no need for money here. melanie unpacks her stuff and sits looking at a picture she takes out of her bag. julia takes gwen to her room. gwen is surprised to see the great place, and asks julia that how this place works? julia replies that mr rorke taylors every fantasy, especially for each guest. gwen asks that he does this all based on one questionnaire. julia says that she is relatively new and knows as little about mr rourke as gwen. julia says that, the only thing i know is that your life is about to change forever, and leaves with a smile. when she walks out of gwen's room, her nose starts bleeding. she cleans it and walks away. gwen is changing clothes when she hears the water tripping. she follows the sound to the bathroom and sees a burned man in the mirror, but finds no one when she turns. the next scene is in the bar, where melanie is grabbing drinks. why the brothers are trying to get away to talk to mr rourke about their rooms. patrick makes an introduction with the brothers and is surprised to find out about their relationship. jd and brax mess with him about being racist, but then tell him that they were kidding. jd says that his father married brax's mother when he was still in pampers. all of the guests make an introduction to each other. melanie teases patrick with her talk. all of them are talking about their fantasies. jd guesses that it may be like larp, to which patrick adds that he may be right, that it can be some immersive experience. melanie adds it might be like tupac. they all share their thoughts. when mr rourke comes from behind and makes his introduction, he says, i am the ambassador to your deepest desires, and i welcome you to fantasy island. mr rourke thinks, you will know soon how this whole thing works. he tells them there are two rules on this island. one is that there is one fantasy per guest. and the second is that you must see your imagination through its natural conclusion, no matter what. he further explains that fantasies rarely plan out as we expect them to, but they always play out exactly as they should be. melanie asks, don't you know how each fantasy will go to which mr rourke replies, no, only the island knows. i am just a humble steward. mr rourke says that your fantasies will start after a good night's sleep. jd asks mr rourke about their room, and he replies that, come with me. your dream is going to begin now. jd and brax are talking while mr rorke takes them to their fantasy. he says, your fantasy was to have it all. and then takes them to a grand mansion rave both of them get highly excited and jump into the crowd. mr roark informs them that if they need to talk to him, pick up the phone and leaves. brax sees a burnt man, but ignores it by saying, this is just because of some weed. gwen wakes up and the hotel attendant informs her that mr rorke is waiting for her. she goes to see him. mr rourke says that i have been helping people realize their fantasies for longer than i can remember. usually the fantasies are about sexual stuff, but yours is relatively abstract. you wrote in the questionnaire that happiness and i are not exactly compatible. now, regrets are my old friend, and if i had one wish, it would be to get a do-over. mr rourke says that this is a challenge and i take it. she says, i always pictured myself with one little girl. so mr rorke asks, who do you want to have a daughter with? she refrains from replying when he tells her that regret is like a disease. it has affected you for too long. i can help you with your situation if you let me. she tells him about alan, that she was in a dark place when they were dating, and when he proposed, she rejected it. mr rourke says, that you didn't believe alan loved you because you don't believe you deserve love. he gets up and asks that if you can do that moment over, will you say yes? she laughs and says, yeah. he points at the door. she walks towards it and opens it. it takes her to maestro's where allen is waiting for her. she is surprised to see him there and asks him multiple questions about how he got there and apologizes that she got him involved in all this. mr rourke leaves them and says, enjoy your meal. gwen tells alan to drop the act. she says, i have not spoken to you for five years, and you have not aged a day. allen is surprised to hear her saying this, and tells her he saw her this morning in bed. gwen is overwhelmed, so she goes to mr rourke and says, this is not what i wanted. he tells her that this is her second chance to say yes. but gwen continues stating that it's pointless. he says, regret has ruined your life, now take this chance to get away from it. gwen is still not satisfied with the answer and says that this is not even real, to which mr rourke says, this is your fantasy, and it can get as real as you want it to be. patrick tells melanie about his fantasy of being a soldier after his dad, but never made it there melanie also shares her fantasy of getting revenge on her childhood bully, who marked her as a psycho stalker girl for life. they are talking when mr rourke asks melanie to come with him and start her fantasy. melanie goes through the elevator and presses the button with no floor, as mr roor constructed her. the door opens and she enters a control room. melanie sets her camera to record her fantasy. she presses one of the buttons. when sloane appears behind a glass door, tied to a chair. melanie perceives her as a hologram and gets excited about torturing her in different ways. she posts the video of sloan making out with another man, who is not her husband. on the screen. she sees her husband seeing the footage and making a call to sloane. he says, that this is the reason you were not around for the past two days. melanie realized that she was the actual sloane, not some hologram. dr torture appears in the room where sloane is tied, and he tries to kill her. but melanie manages to stop him by giving him an electric shock using one of the buttons. she breaks the glass and escapes from the place with her. mr rorke drives patrick to a forest where he hands over a bag and says, all the stuff you need is in here to start your fantasy. he gets dressed as a soldier and is finding his way when damon confronts him and tells him that this place is not what it seems like, and people die here. a group of soldiers approach patrick and start interrogating him. he says he got separated from his unit on a covert mission. but they don't believe him and say to him, we will take you to lt. jd and brax are enjoying themselves at the mansion, talking about their experience from last night. meanwhile, gwen is still trying to make alan drop the charade, but he says, you push everyone away. don't do it. this time. he proposes to gwen, and she says yes to his proposal. jd and brax go into the mansion and look around in different rooms. they walk through the panic room, enter the armory, take a grenade outside and throw it in the sea. meanwhile, patrick moves with the unit. he discovers that their mission is to get the us hostages out of the place near the border. they take him to lt, their commander, who patrick recognizes as his dad. lt continues to interrogate him and fails to believe that patrick is his son. firing starts, and patrick is shot in the arm and becomes unconscious. several drug cartels shoot at the mansion and alejandro gets shot. jd and brax lead the models to the panic room, but are stuck outside. brax calls mr rork and says, this is not what we wanted. he says that when you have something, other people want to take it from you. once a fantasy starts, it must go through its natural conclusion. and hangs up the phone. melanie and sloane walk through the forest. when sloane asks melanie how she reached this place, melanie makes up a story. when dr torture attacks sloan, damon stops the attack and kills dr torture. he tells the girls to follow him if they want to live. gwen wakes up from a nightmare, looks around and goes back to sleep again. patrick tries to wrap his head around seeing his dead father alive after years. he shares some memories of him from his childhood. and at last. lt believes him. he tells him that he died in venezuela trying to save his men. gwen wakes up and sees her and alan's picture from their wedding on her phone's wallpaper. she goes and appreciates mr rourke for using photoshop so nicely. when he tells her that she had been married to allen for five years and has a daughter, she gets some memory flashes from the past five years and is amazed. mr rourke tells her that, my wife and i were obsessed with this island. she didn't make it here, but the island brought her back. and as long as he brings people's fantasies to life, he can have his wife alive. he says to gwen that now the island has granted you your dream, so please live it. lt, tries to escape from the mission with patrick, but he stops him because he thinks that this is not supposed to happen this way. his father says, a hero is just a stupid person who dies. i have to get back to my son alive. the men hold brax and jd hostage and try to get information about the cash and cocaine. jd lies to the man in the mask to save his life and says the money is downstairs. brax takes him there, but gets in the armory and takes the masked man hostage. melanie and sloane follow damon into a cave where he takes them to the source of the island's power, a rock. he tells them that we have to get out of here. a man trying to get the power for himself, sent me to investigate the island and got involved in the twisted fantasies mr rorke offered. they get out of the cave to make a call from the hotel to get an airplane. damon dies when he jumps off the cliff with dr torture. gwen goes to mr rorke to change her fantasy, but he says this is not the rule. she at last convinces him to redo her story and goes to save nick, where she sees brax, jd and patrick. she is unable to save him. patrick and his father, along with the unit, enter the mansion to protect the people inside. jd and brax escape when the masked men die, but they come to life and shoot jd, and he dies. patrick lt and brax are running when masked men shoot at them. lt, fights back end dies, while patrick and brax escape. all of the guests unite and head to the cave to destroy the rock. they get separated from each other and get twisted in their desires. melanie reveals that she was about to get a real life fantasy with nick when he died. because of all the people there. she tells her that this is my fantasy, and i want you all to die for nick. gwen connects all the dots of nick's death. brax and jd were his roommates while the fire started, because gwen and patrick refused to help while he was a cop. all of them apologized to melanie, but she is bent on killing her. mr rourke leaves the guest to die when julia tells him that they are your guests. you must do something to save them. mr rorke comes back to the cave and reminds sloane that she is the one who has not started her fantasy yet. she wishes melanie to be with nick forever. when a zombie like nick pulls her into the black water, but she manages to throw a grenade at the guests. the grenade is about to blow up when patrick jumps on it and saves everyone. they wake up in their rooms and ask what happened. mr rourke tells them that patrick died like a hero, and now they are free to go back. a plane comes and they get on board. mr rorke tells gwen that he will stay there and take care of the island. the plane takes off with jd taking the place of brax in exchange for brac staying on the island forever. the story ends with the plane heading back home over the ocean, and brax becoming an employee of mr rourke. [Music], you 