[Music]. okay, look, I'm sorry. I'm very, very sorry for missing a month. but I just really had to take a break, like I'm talking a koi Kenshin break. my mind was not in the right place at all. again, thanks for waiting for me. okay, so now into the film. so anks was the reason that made me not want to upload. so let's talk about the movie angst. this is a very cool movie with interesting cinematography, directed by Gerald Kargil. this movie surely inspired other films like Henry, portrait of a serial killer. and the house that Jack built is similar to those two, because it puts us with this unnamed serial killer who just got out of jail, but his anxious desire to kill overwhelms him. now, this is a quick little video for a movie you guys should definitely check out on your own if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts. stay tuned for the breakdown - to go. hon you know, you are following a mentally ill person around with this camera work. this guy has a thirst for killing he can't explain. he's a name, but I'll just call him Werner, which is the serial killer he is loosely based on he knocks on some old lady's door in Shuster twice for no reason. the idiot was arrested when he came back to the crime scene later. now, just interrogating him, the police figure he's just a sick [ __ ] who wants to kill for kicks, no motive and no memory of even killing the lady. the psychiatrist assigned him though, thinks he's just pretending to be crazy so he doesn't go to prison. his past criminal history helps with that theory, a history like stealing in school, attacking animals with knives and eventually attempting to murder his mother. also, one other thing he did was he was seduced by some heavy, foul, pervert lady when he was 14. I guess she acted as like a submissive, letting the young boy whipper and more during sexual encounters. all that did was make him want to dominate others. well, when he was 18, he was released from prison where he just tortured animals, prostitutes and killed old ladies. he does another 10 years after the events we saw, and he is released for the murder of the old lady. he probably would have been in a Cell longer if they didn't think he was trying to rob that cover. the not-so reformed serial killers still can't shake the nerve to kill. the thing is, he is free, but has nowhere to go. he stops at a coffee shop and immediately gets all hard for these two ladies. now, if you could kill without interference, these two would be two disembodied corpses by now. he later catches a cab, but the driver reminds him of his first girlfriend. remember that hello file sub that let him whip her when he was just 14? he thinks they favor each other. so naturally, it makes him wanna torture the driver. he almost chokes her, until she calls him out, and he runs out, crazed and broken from his own madness. now he's running away for a long time, until he comes across the big, lonely house in the middle of everything. it's like the house calls his name. plus it's secluded, - probably has an umbrella laboratory underneath, along with those annoying as [ __ ] hunters. he's just wishing he can come across an unlucky homeowner. well, someone is here, but looks like he's disabled. and doesn't have the mental capacity to understand this is a dangerous Ranger in front of him. he thinks Werner is his father. I love the cinematography, by the way. it fits nice and snug with how much Werner wants to see the fear in his victims eyes. begging of victims, the mother and daughter just came back along with their cute little dachshund, unaware of the vicious little killer in their home. well, that strong dog knows could smell the unique visitor a mile away. the shame he doesn't react fearfully around this alien. this house is about dry as hell. you probably could make a prequel just about these homeowners and why is so dry in here. so as expected, Warner makes his presence known and subdues the daughter. weirdly, the mother just watches all this like he's just a cockroach running around. now we are in Warner's mind most of the time, so can see how this family relates to the family he hated growing up. the daughter represents his sister, who got all the attention from his miss Andrews mother. the older mother here represents both his grandmother and mother, who hated him for being a man and an illegitimate child. anyway, these homeowners are really nonchalant about the wacko in their home. the girl can't even break out of the damn tape and isn't even trying to scream. these people are very awkward victims. now, the disabled son is dragged upstairs and drowned slowly. in a fit of anger that Werner thinks his stepfather deserved, he goes downstairs wood sees something wrong with the mother. it seems she's in a catatonic state, like in an opossum. sorry guys, not a big fan of opossums, but God bless him, I guess. the daughter begs Werner to give her some heart medication so she can live. and the only reason he obliges is because he wants her to die by his hand, seeing the fear in her eyes as she dies in front of her daughter while he is looking for the pills. the daughter finally escapes from her bowels and hides. his attempts to save the mother fails since she has already dead from distress. and he kicks her to the wall since he couldn't kill her. well, he still has the girl to kill, but she's she's a little dumb. she's a little stupid. honestly, she really makes them dumbasses and Mother's Day look like Light Yagami. she runs away when he's chasing her, but things uh Nayana Klee in very gory and brutal fur. she ends up getting stabbed many times, as the dog watches her blood fly everywhere. as she lays dying, he drinks her blood like that, ugly as Richard chase. that's who Werner reminds me of the most. probably not as diluted the blood made him vomit soon after, and he falls asleep on her corpse. now, this is a nightmarish picture. it's low-key more disturbing than the murder itself. along with how nasty Werner is, makes everything pretty scary. well, his murder spree is over, and now it's cleanup time. it's not going to matter anyway. since he's so lost in his own mind, he desires to take the bodies with him. and, quite honestly, nuts his pans imagining being along with those bodies. [ __ ], scrappy-doo here just hanging around with him. to this villain transports all the bodies out there, like 20 minutes of screen time and cleans himself up before finally taking off in the family car. now, again, he's quite lost in his mind, almost like he's drunk off sadism, imagining what to do with those bodies. he almost runs over some kids, and they give him a mowed down as they circle around. this must be his first time behind the wheel. I'm actually surprised he's driving like 50 and not even paying attention to the road. the first place he stops is at that coffee shop from before, with the same patrons there too. this time he's acting incredibly anxious and weird. now there were times when I was younger where I wouldn't even eat at a cafeteria because I was so anxious to do something stupid and be looked at like how they look at him. and his mind, he's deciding to kill everybody in the shop. but at the nick of time, some police officers stop by. they keep asking for the vehicle registration, but he answers, anxious and thrilled at the same time, thrilled to show them the bodies he has in the trunk. surprisingly, they don't look too shocked. they must have seen a lot worse. and of course, this is basically the end of angst, which voices over how Werner is arrested in the psychiatrist declared him removed from society completely. now, the most interesting parts of this film for me is how much you really are listening to Warner's thoughts and feelings of our killing, combined with the camerawork, and you have the very thing that affected Werner angst. now that we're done, let's talk about the mostess third moment and most enjoyed moments, and that spooky stuff. cue, to go home. [Music]. so the crazy thing about serial killers is that they usually are the first McCobb topic. people are so fascinated with, whether it be delusional and crazy killers like Werner or Richard chase, or some that can act very normal, like Jack or Ted Bundy. anyway, Werner was interesting, and he's probably a godfather for all those other introspective serial killer movies that we have covered before. I think the actual killing part was just a little weird, but overall, I damn near seemed like the characters acting like that on purpose. I just see a bloodthirsty wolf and lambs in shock. the most disturbing moment is most likely the whole aftermath of Warner's killing spree that ended with the daughter, blood squirting everywhere, the violent pictures afterward. it makes me imagine all those crime scene photos I view when I was young, whether it was Jack the Ripper or Richard Ramirez, the most enjoy moment would be certain frames where we were deeply immersed in Warner's mind. it was interesting to visit the mind of a serial killer, just like Jack or Henry, but more so the former. and that's it. this was directed by Gerald Cargill, and I believe it's his only feature film that he ever made, entirely regardless, it was blocked all over Europe for his content, and here we are today, looking right at it. if you enjoyed this video, you will definitely mess with the house that Jack built and Henry, portrait of a serial killer. both were most likely heavily inspired by this film. so check them out. remember, click the like button. it's how we can get back to YouTube and subscribe if you want to see more. thanks for watching. spooky out 