Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a 2016 Korean Horror-Thriller movie called The Wailing. Within a seemingly peaceful village, a plague of mysterious and violent deaths suddenly takes place. Will they find the truth behind the mysterious plague? The story starts with Jong-Goo, a police officer, going to the scene of a mass murder. They have arrested a guy who\xe2\x80\x99s apparently stabbed and killed everyone. This guy seems infected with an unknown disease, his body is covered in rashes. They think it\xe2\x80\x99s because he ate some bad mushrooms. They then follow the trail into another home where Jong-goo sees dried flowers at the entrance. Inside, they find a filthy nest-like room where they think is the murder scene. At the police station, Jong-Goo and his partner are talking about a rumor, a hunter saw a Stranger eating an animal carcass in the woods. Since the arrival of a mysterious Stranger from Japan at their village, a series of mysterious and violent deaths have been happening. But Jong-Goo just thinks that as an ignorant thought. Suddenly, they face a power outage. Just then, they see a naked woman staring inside. By the time they go out, she has gone. On the next day, Jong-Goo is banging his wife in a car, and his daughter witnesses this. He then buys his daughter a ton of things so she\xe2\x80\x99d remain quiet about it. At night, a house is burned down by a woman who also has killed her family. She was also affected by the rashes as confirmed by other witnesses. Jong-goo sees the Stranger for the first time on the scene. He connects that it was the naked woman from the previous night who had burned down her house. One of his friends tells him that the woman was raped by the Stranger, making her go crazy and run around the village naked at night. Jong-Goo still considers this as a rumor since there is no evidence. When Jong-Goo is guarding the burned-down house, a strange young lady bothers him by throwing rocks at him. She then tells him the details of the murder, as if she saw it with her own eyes. She warns him saying that if he\xe2\x80\x99s been seeing the Stranger more often than before, it means he\xe2\x80\x99s being hunted. When he calls his partner, that young lady is gone. But, as she mentions, Jong-goo\xe2\x80\x99s daughter suddenly falls sick. On the next day, Jong-Goo meets the hunter who claims to be a witness to the Stranger eating animal carcasses in the woods. So they go to the woods to find out more and see a lot of animal bone remains on the ground. It starts to rain. The witness gets scared and decides to go back, but he gets struck by lightning and is admitted to the hospital. At the hospital, Jong-Goo sees another patient having a seizure before he pukes blood and dies. That patient is the suspect from the first murder case. At home, Jong-Goo\xe2\x80\x99s daughter keeps having a nightmare where a strange man is banging on the door. In the morning, she looks better and eats a lot of fish. Which they find strange because she didn't like fish before. Jong-Goo\xe2\x80\x99s mother-in-law suggests that they should bring in a shaman to perform an exorcism. Jong-Goo meets with his partner\xe2\x80\x99s nephew who is a pastor who also happens to understand Japanese. They go to the Stranger\xe2\x80\x99s house to find more clues. Jong-Goo finds a room with a bizarre altar in it, while his partner finds a room full of photos of all the people who had been infected and after they had died. Jong-goo\xe2\x80\x99s daughter\xe2\x80\x99s shoe is also found amongst other items. When the Stranger comes, they go back home. Jong-Goo questions his daughter about meeting the Stranger. His daughter lashes out at him all crazy. He leaves and comes back later at night and finds strange scribbles in her book and rashes on her body. She wakes up and lashes out at him more till they have to restrain her. His mother-in-law tells him that she already contacted Il-Gwang, a famous shaman. In the morning, Jong-Goo goes back to the Stranger\xe2\x80\x99s house with the pastor and confronts him. But when he gets there, the Stranger already burned the photos and things he found yesterday. He ends up wrecking the Stranger\xe2\x80\x99s house and killing his dog. He then tells the Stranger to leave the village in 3 days. Jong-Goo\xe2\x80\x99s wife brings their daughter to the hospital. They found out that her symptoms are similar to the previous murder suspects. On the next day, Jong-Goo wakes up to a scream, his wife finds a goat carcass hanging on their home entrance. But for some reason, he can\xe2\x80\x99t walk properly and keep falling. They bring him to a local acupuncture practitioner, leaving their daughter to their neighbor. This turns out to be a big mistake, as they come back, they find their daughter killed the neighbor with a scissor. Il-Gwang, the shaman, arrives and locates a vase with a dead raven in it. He says that the Japanese Stranger is a ghost and arranges for an exorcism. He mentions that the ritual is out-of-body and mustn\xe2\x80\x99t be interrupted at any cost. Meanwhile, another murder case happens. A farmer kills his entire family and throws them in a well, the same story of the rashes. The next day, Il-Gwang conducts the ritual. The Stranger is doing a ritual of his own to possess the dead farmer in a truck. While Il-Gwang is performing the ritual, Jong-Goo\xe2\x80\x99s daughter shrieks in pain, begging him to stop the ritual. Jong-goo interrupts Il-Gwang\xe2\x80\x99s ritual and takes his daughter to a hospital. The interruption keeps his daughter safe for a while. The Stranger takes some damage but manages to survive. The strange young lady is also seen at the Stranger\xe2\x80\x99s house. The next morning, he assembles his friends and goes out on a hunt for the Stranger. They run into the dead farmer who has turned into an undead. They eventually manage to beat him. Just then they spot the Stranger and chase him. They lose him over the cliffs after the Stranger jumps down and hides. As they drive back, Jong-Goo loses control of his truck and swerves. As he does, a person lands on his windshield. They step out and see that it is the Stranger that they were chasing. He and his men throw the Stranger\xe2\x80\x99s body over the cliff while the strange young lady is seen again on the top of the hill. His daughter gets better and they take her back home. At night, the police find Jong-Goo\xe2\x80\x99s partner gets infected and kills his family. Il-Gwang tries to reach Jong-goo, but he keeps declining his call. Il-Gwang goes to his house but gets intercepted by the strange young lady who makes him bleed and puke excessively and asks him to leave town. In fear, he gets into his car and drives away. Il-Gwang, who is trying to leave town, passes through a swarm of locusts and is forced to turn back. Jong-Goo sees the many missed calls from Il-Gwang and reaches out. Il-Gwang tells Jong-goo that the Stranger is the good guy and that he was wrong about him. And that strange young lady is the evil spirit. He asks Jong-goo to go straight home. Jong-Goo meets with the young lady in front of his house. She tells him that if he goes home, everyone in his family will die. That the Stranger is using his family as bait and is waiting for him. And that the Stranger is not someone who can die. She also mentions about her protection but it would work only if Jong-Goo waits until three rooster crows before going home. He gets a call from Il-Gwang telling him to don't trust the lady and to go home. Jong-Goo doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know who to trust. Moo-Myung holds his hand, but she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem human to him. He also notices his daughter\xe2\x80\x99s hair clip and clothing of people who had died earlier which makes Jong-Goo think that she\xe2\x80\x99s the evil one and runs back home. Inside, he finds his whole family has been killed by his daughter. The daughter shows up and ends up killing him too. While these events transpire, the pastor locates the Stranger who is still alive in a cave. He goes there unaware of what to expect. The Stranger transforms to reveal his demon form and kills the pastor after taking his photograph. Il-Gwang comes to take pictures of the dead. In the end, the evil spirit wins. Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. Thanks for watching, and see you, next time. 