maxx story. here i will summarize the storyline of the movie called the battery, which was released in 2012. enjoy watching. the film begins when the zombie virus has infected all humans on earth, and leaving only a few humans left, including mickey and ben. mickey is a man who loves cleanliness and is very perfectionist, but has a mental like a peanut and a lust like a mountain. until now, mickey has never been kills a single zombie. [ __ ] right here. he ate your mom. you're a fader. well, ben is a dirty man who rarely bathes, but is very brave and has a very high survivor where he was the one who has kept mickey alive and is able to live such beautiful days. in short story, those who are required to survive, they must raided house to house to get leftovers, and had to move locations so that the zombies wouldn't find them. until one day they found a car in which there was a zombie. without a doubt, ben killed the zombie. after checking the condition of the car, it turned out that it was still running. then ben and mickey immediately continued their aimless journey and went back to breaking into house to house to use items, including the panties, that could be used by mickey for his masculinity rituals. in short story, they took a short break and they tried the handy taki. they got unexpectedly. they entered someone else's radio channel, which indicated there was still another life out there. then mickey tried to offer to join them, but they refused and told them not to call the channel again. annie frank the orchard. and mickey didn't accept it a bit, and still kept the image of annie's voice in his mind. yes, the woman on the handy taki, even though it was just a voice, but it was very pleasant in mickey's heart. then seen moved to mickey, who was sleeping, and the bend was bathing under a waterfall in a state without clothes. then came a sexy zombie who approached mickey's car and stuck his mountain of pleasure on the glass of car. mickey, who's sleeping, suddenly surprised and panicked because of the arrival of zombies. he intended to call ben, but was canceled because he saw a rare moment where there was a sexy zombie in front of him. suddenly, mickey stretched out his [ __ ] and crushed him with rough hands. but the fun was only temporary, because ben came and shot a zombie right in the head, which made mickey pissed. so ben laughed out lou seeing his friend who was lusting to zombie. in short story, in the middle of the trip, they found a car in the middle of the road and took the initiative to take the remnants of fuel that would be used as supplies for the car. by the way, the car stopped because ran out of fuel. suddenly, mickey was in a state of hostage by a man named jerry. then jerry has a request to exchange a car for mickey's life, if you don't put down that gun and give me the keys to that car. but ben is too smart to trick jerry, and ben killing jerry quickly. not long after that, another car came to them where they were looking for the car that brought by jerry. oh, are we? that's our car right there. we come to get it and be on our way. in fact, any of them is any the girl who is always in the shadows is mickey. mickey suddenly mentions annie's name. wait a minute. annie any surprise. then, for no apparent reason, shoots the legs. ben, it's me, mickey. what are you doing? after that, annie immediately leave. mickey and ben. and also, she didn't forget to throw away their car key so they couldn't follow her. i already shot you once, beardy face. i will do it again. i can't have you following us. wear your keys. after they were left, then mickey looked for the key that had been thrown. but the key was not found. they were forced to continue the search the next day. the day turned into night. everything went dark. the zombies knew their position. they couldn't go anywhere without a car key. the next day, instead of disappearing, the zombies were getting more and more and surrounded them. mickey couldn't even continue the search for their lost car key. feel annoyed with zombies, look that always appeared in the car window, mickey decided to cover the car window with a blanket. you done can't look at their [ __ ] faces anymore, so that he could relax a bit. now, day by day past, the zombies don't go away. the food is running low. they spend their time by playing together, keep silence and getting drunk, spend their rest by lives in the car. and it seems they have lost the rest of their spirit for life, because the zombies never leave their car. then, because the zombies have gone, mickey also ventured to went out to get the keys. and because ben's legs still hurt from being shot, so ben didn't accompany mickey and decided to stay in the car. after a while, ben was anxious waiting for mickey, who never came back. then after minutes of anxiety, and the zombies had surrounded their car, mickey finally came back. but unfortunately, he came back in a state. his hand had been bitten by zombies. oh jesus. they were very panicked, and the ben immediately distanced themselves from mickey and took a gun in his bag. ben was very panicked, so he decided to immediately shoot mickey's head, which instantly killed mickey on the spot. ben was very beaten to see his friend who is now dead. because if ben doesn't shoot mickey, he will become a zombie, and then he will bite him, and ben will surely become a zombie too. then at the end of the film, we see ben bravely getting out of the car, limping along, followed by a bunch of zombies walking behind him. and the movie ends. thanks for watching. 