what's up? i'm glad to see you. it's good to kick it with you again. yesterday i watched the first episode, and i asked you, do you want to keep watching most of the homies, y'all agree that y'all want to keep watching this series. so that's what we're about to do. however, i just realized i watched the first episode all the way wrong. i'm supposed to be watching the original language version. so that's what we're about to do for episodes today. after that, we're going to figure out, do we want to keep watching, or do we want to move on to something else? [Music], they look so miserable. i mean, i will be too. keeping honest with you, smith. [Music], just like that, after one game. [Music], does she need to register your child's name, like, after they're born? or is that not a thing? or is it only a thing in, like, i don't know, america. let me know, because i have no clue. [Music], oh, [ __ ]. [Music] they give me, you i don't, i don't know how much that is, and, uh, and, and i don't, i don't know how much that is when that converts to usd but they giving you a great amount of money. are you staying in the game? are you getting the hell up out of there? because i know i'm getting the hell out of that asap. i just don't think that the rest is worth the reward, in my opinion. okay, it should be easy or easy decision to make. i know. damn well. she ain't thinking about it, i know. okay. [Music]. what's going on? leave hold the hold on. bro. did she just press green? bro, you was the one who suggested that. what about your kid? now? you need the name. you need the name. you need to name the kid. thank you. some common sense. the people who press in green, you can tell they really have nothing left to lose, like they have they lowest to oh, my god, it's so close. come on, bro. i like the old i like the old man too. i hope you just picked the right thing. bro, again, he pretty much at the end of his life, so what do you have to lose? you know what i'm saying? he's gonna pick, oh, he's gonna, he's gonna keep pick the key, playing though. i can feel it. he got that tumor too. so i don't know, thank god he a real one. i like him. i like him. i like the old dude. y'all wanna know how i think? my guess is for this dude right here. y'all know the person who was slapping on 456, he went into the game. that's why i think the dude in the black is let me know what you think, though. they just left you out naked. i do i let her take me out first. i'll trust her. well. blowing up. geez. since we homies, give me a, give me a history lesson. is that how you just say thank you? and korean culture, you just do like the like about i'm not sure exactly what it's called, but if you know, let me know, because i love learning about little stuff like that. i think it's super dope. and in another question to follow up with that, is it disrespectful if you say thank you, but you don't bow after it? let me know that comes out. see, yeah, he keeps on doing like the, like the bow things. like when he says it out loud, it sounds kind of crazy, but it's like you just have to be there to see it. um. [Music]. don't tell me she did. i know the money can really help his mom. like i said before, do you really think it's worth it? if you and his, if you were in his situation, would you be like, man, i should have stayed or you would have been like, nah, i'm better off. like, struggling me personally, i still don't think it's worth i'm confused about him, because he seems like a good person, but the more i learned about it, i'm kind of just like, bro, you like, you stealing mom's card. it seems like he's like, taking advantage of the people that's close to him. so it's kind of, i'm, i don't know. i don't know how, i don't know how i feel about him. like, are you a good person inside the game and a bad person outside the game? you just make some mistakes? are you still like that? i don't know. what. what do you think about it? you think he gonna be a good person? dang, the goldfish dead? oh, damn. his brother was a part of the game. okay, i think his brother did. now i'm gonna tell you the clues why. why i think his brother did. first of all, he got the card, so that means he could have probably been part of the game. and two, if he not back by now, he should be dead. because over half the people died, and the people who were part of the game that that, that survived, they all got sent back home, you know what i'm saying? oh, at that point, because why not? you might as well just take your bread and run. you already, if you stay there, you going to jail, you're going to get jumped, one or the two. just taking money and run. bro, his mom seems so sweet. bro, yeah, something's wrong. something wrong. oh, it's player one. hey, shout out to the old dude. bro, i'm realizing there's a lot of people on the show who have sketchy backgrounds in history, but he seems like the only genuine nice one, if you know what i'm saying. so i want to say he my favorite so far all the people. number one, the old dude's my favorite. bro, those noodles look freaking fire. bro, i want some so bad. bro, i want some noodles. you eating, like uncooked noodles, like that. bro, there's a struggle that real. am i the only one who just eat regularly cooked or maybe i'm woman. who knows? speaking of people i don't like, i don't trust this dude. if my life depended on that, i do not trust him at all. bro, it's just his bob. it's bob giving me, like, he giving me bad energy. bro, he giving me super bad energy. y'all gonna let your boy get killed like that? [Music]. you gonna let your boy kill, get killed like that. and you just walking around slow. you should have been, you would have pulled out the gap, you pulled off the strap or something. hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, we pausing. we pausing the video right here. you gon let your boy get killed. you supposed to be sending them up. you let your boy get killed. you coming to the fight without the straps, with some whistling baseball bat, like like. bro, he can run faster. he can't run faster than a bullet, though, i guarantee you it. yeah, i don't care how fast he is, he can be, you saying both. he's not running faster than a bully. that's a tough situation to be in. you want money from me. x that's crazy. that's kind of embarrassing. bro, ain't gonna lie to oh, my god. bro, so you think you're gonna pay this man to leave his to leave his daughter? i think he deserved that one don't talk to him. he defends. don't talk to him. he defends. you trust him. what you think you trust him? oh, the old man. you bout to go back. password, watch you gonna say it. oh, you don't need the password to sign. but i would have stayed out there struggling. bro, there ain't no way i would have went back. bro, oh, shoot. she covered her nose. bruh. episode two was fire, and i think we should watch episodes three and four next. but you get to decide whether we continue watching this or if we move on to something else. so let me know what you want to do. [Music]. 