listen, I'm a connoisseur when it comes to Disney Channel original movies. the other me luck of the Irish smart house. even when they sold out and went to theaters, I was still there rooting for them. but now I feel like the last og coming back to this genre and going, what the sitch? let me explain. now, for starters, I know what some of y'all are thinking, right? isn't there already a Kim Possible film called so the drama? and you would be 100% correct twice. but you know, Hollywood sees foreign films and the first thing they think about is how to remain this into English. well, Disney keeps looking at all of their animated properties and thinking that they need to be live-action. and I, for one, am tired of this cartoon appropriation. first we collectively find out that John Wayne is a racist, and in the same month, we're still facing this injustice. unbelievable. now, for those who don't know the drama around Kim Possible's origin, she pretty much started a site for her services as a teenager, and randomly gets a billionaire in distress who calls her for help. she helps, and then her DMS get flooded as she randomly becomes a crime fighter. everyone knows about her friends, Ron and Rufus, who she eventually dates. wait, who was the smart guy running her web site and missions? her genius family, made up of doctors and twins who literally created their own language known as twin ish, Monique, her biffle, and of course, the old reliable bueno nacho. but what really made her were the villains. there was the og dr. Doofenshmirtz, but Drakon, who, you realize actually dawned with Kim's dad before I wanted to take over the world, shego, who's kim's equal, and actually used to be in a superhero group with her siblings before she became a villain. does the name she go ring a bell, you know, of my sister? but the more we fought evil, the more she go liked it, the fighting the evil, right? my favorites and your senior senior and his son, senior senior junior, who literally were villains just because they were bored. these guys had so much money they didn't know what else to do. but of course, there's then the cruelest one of them all, high school or body rock wall calendar. this is not befriend of loser week. this is what Heather's was about. now, in the live-action movie, pretty much every adult in this town is a complete and utter idiot. like this lady just lets her child go mint combo. and Kim's got to be the one to savor. the first bad guy wants to take over the world with slime, and Kim's got to stop him. the bus drivers straight looks Kim in the eyes, for whatever reason, still tries to drive off without her. [Music]. [Applause]. how the hell did that grapple get back? kid rod, I guess is from Ohio, cuz in this version he's a livestreamer. but I was just so confused with his voice. oh, he came possible. we're both little cranky. ever saving the world last night. like, he sounds like the dude inside the van. he's like the human version of Popeyes, laugh boy, looking like he's a about a Crimea River. obviously there was gonna be some changes, right? like, don't get me wrong, I never go into these movies looking to hate on them, trust me. I came into Kim Possible 2019 looking a laugh my cartoon self off. but I think a lot of people would agree with me with this, that when I say that we like our Kim Possible as the 2000s period piece that it is, that's exactly what we want. type in Kim Possible, calm possible, like it's in the DNA. but while I do miss the scanners looking communicator that she used to have, you know, I knew that there was bound to be changes, and the neck one doesn't look that bad. it's kind of cool. I didn't go to stoke up the cheerleading aspect of it, but I didn't mind the soccer switch. but this look at dunk elegans. vill Instagram. he hasn't underwater face. active. volcano. ville Instagram islets some go through, right? some changes. but Ville Instagram, Monique, I guess, just doesn't exist in this universe. you just got vanished with danos. you know, zendaya was busy for some reason. but it's clear that the story they wanted to go with was that of the girl who could handle anything except high school. for some reason, like these kids save the world, and yet the teachers are still bags of douches to them. for being a minute late to class, you are late, not really fair. it takes me 90 minutes to prepare lady whisker boots, her low carb, high protein breakfast. but that doesn't stop me from being on time. bro, when I was teaching kids, if a kid gave me their super donut for breakfast, I let them have second reasons. these two are literally saving lives. Kim, that interacts with Bonnie, who thinks she's the man. but Kim's like, no, I'm Wendy Wu. I'll show you what I got. I'm just sitting here like, why is kid wearing KT? herons pink shirt from Mean Girls? a bunch of action scenes than happened since, you know, Kim's own mom won't give her a ride to school. supposedly way sent her to the roof cuz that's the fastest way. but think Kim's doing stuff like this. [Music], I believe this is your gym. what the I don't know if you know this about me, but when I grow up, I want to be a dog. my parents tell me it's not a realistic goal, but thanks to you, I'm one step closer. bra, how you? why don't you wear this on missions anymore? it used to be your thing. I don't know. I guess wearing the same thing all the time kind of felt cartoony after a bit. what you say? since they pretty much become the freaks and geeks of this school, they decide to make a new friend with this girl named Athena, who ends up joining them on missions. and she's this huge fan. and Kym starts getting jealous, because this fan can actually do more things than she can, like even the og Kym P makes a cameo and gives us theater more attention. there's a mission involving female loki where kim turns into melo and refuses any help from anyone, thus losing the tesseract, which athena is able to rescue. but when you realize that the big twist in the movie is that athena is actually the bad guys robot, then you question why, i think that didn't just fight him to take her down. that way, you were going to ruin Kim Possible's life with memes. memes actually that goes directly at her psyche and would then tear her down mentally, thus affecting her physically as it leads to her demise. so that's actually as dark as hell, but you want Ville Instagram. so I can't even give you that much credit, given that has this mental breakdown, which was interesting to see as she seeks advice from her mentor, proving that, you know, the writing in these new original movies doesn't have to be bad. that's just the thing. even if you're not the best it, what have you, you're still you. and I'm Kim Possible, okay? I'm a star student and I save the world. that's who I am. now, that's what you do. that's not who you are. but again, they do things like this. somewhere along all this cyberbullying, they find this anthropomorphic eraser that's pretending to be rufus, the naked mole-rat. and so they have a trio that then becomes a quinn tent that goes to fight kraken, who's getting drunk off 2% for some reason. athena then learns that she's just a robot to these two, and they don't see her as a partner in crime. you know, even Miao had more pull in Team Rocket. so they're just ready to scavenge her parts. what happens to athena? why? you're wrong. she's my friend. oh, we're getting into robo rights solo part two here. dragons final twist is that Athena not only became a Kemet a ssin of MIS possible as she gathered all her best traits, but then kraken also wants to suck up her spunk so that kim could be inside of him, but he randomly turns into a child instead. they escaped with Athena's head, Elita style, and are somehow able to bring her back. and since they need a sequel, a pubescent doctor dragon goes to school, ready to harass him until he takes over the world. now, again, after watching the original series in the movies, I personally think they still work because they're a product of their time. you know, this will be tries to shift the setting to the present, but what they forgot is, um, nobody acts like this in the present. there's probably gonna be a sequel, since, I know Kim even had a spinoff with lilo and Stitch, which I personally, you know, I know they want to adapt more characters, but we already got the shape of water. that's the stitch with that. but I'm not against them making the story better and even keeping the same cast, because I think they had potential. they just need a direct and have a better story. maybe I'm also just being too harsh. and have that nostalgia factor for the older ones I grew up with. and so I like them, and I don't see the problems with them. maybe maybe I just got to make Ella me on the old that would be fun. think you got to checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. you know, we've had movies like this where everything wants to be live-action Disney. you know, big Disney has been doing it. and then you have like, the smaller ones were, like, Velma and Daphne got their own spin-off for whatever reason. there's, I wouldn't really count him to like, the kissing booth getting a sequin and satiable getting a sequel. I actually am very curious to check out Heather since I know that got a remake. I know everyone was hating on it, but then it turns out the people from Russian doll actually have something to do with it. it may be an edited down version to the original theory or plan that they had, but I don't know. I personally am NOT for all of these remakes that are being made, I'm also not against them. like, I'm not that person who thinks like, oh, I need to kill myself because Kim Possible. now I get to make cons inside of it and still enjoy it in some way, even if it's not, you know, in the manner that bait that it would be. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. did you like this one? did you like the old one? what would you like to see in a sequel that can make it better? or do you think it's already perfect? don't forget to comment, like, and subscribe, and I'll send you a club banana gift card. 