Welcome to Movies Explained, today we're looking at, The Ritual The movie starts with Five friends Robert, Hutch, Phil, Dom, and Luke planning a group vacation. They all come up with different ideas of going to Amsterdam, Berlin, Belgium, etc., when Robert suggests hiking in Sweden. No one is pleased with his opinion, and so the idea gets rejected. While going back, Luke asks his friends if they want to come with him to get a bottle of wine. Robert agrees to accompany him. They enter the shop and look for bottles of alcohol when Robert sees a woman lying on the floor, injured, they realize there\xe2\x80\x99s a robbery in progress. Luke escapes the sight of the robbers and hides behind a shelf. The robbers come to Robert and ask him to give up his wallet, rings, and any other valuables items he has. He refuses to hand them his wedding ring, so an argument starts between Robert and the robbers. Luke is still hiding, trying to decide whether to intervene or not when one of the bad guys kills Robert. The scene shifts to 6 months later when Luke comes out of a tent surrounded by his friends. They start hiking between the beautiful hills. They reach the top spot, and as a token to remember Robert, they put his picture on a rock and drink in his name. Everyone dips in nostalgia and says he was a good man, the better of us. Luke says that it should never have happened, but it did. The night falls, and everyone starts talking about how much Robert must have loved this place. No one was particularly pleased with the journey, but they did it anyway for Rob. Hutch suggests doing a little bit more hiking to make the most of their trip, but Luke refuses and says it's enough for me. They are heading back to the lodge when Dom falls and gets his ankle twisted. They decide to take a shorter passage through the forest. Hutch gets excited about the off-trail hiking. After the walk some distance, Luke suggests leaving Phil and Dom behind to get some help. Dom immediately rejects the idea and says he can walk if they take the quicker route. They continue to walk through the forest, taking pictures, talking, being unaware of what strange thing they have gotten themselves in. While they are moving between the trees, Phil says that this forest is awkwardly quiet, but Dom shuts his thoughts by saying that the trees absorb sound, making the place calm and nothing unusual. After walking some distance, they decide to get some rest. They start again and are discussing their university life when they see blood dripping down from a tree. A body ripped open and gutted is hanging from a tree. They also saw some strange symbols on the tree. The group members become suspicious and start making guesses about why someone would hang a body from the tree like this. The blood was still fresh, so they kept moving. It starts raining, and they have to look for shelter. The pals see a house from some distance and decide to check it out. Dom suggests leaving and going from that place, but others break into the house as they cannot stay out in the rain. While they all are trying to settle, Luke hears some distorted voices coming from outside. He asks his friends if they heard any voice coming from outside, but they all tell him they didn't. They find some necklaces with the same symbols they saw outside, in the abandoned house. They want to start a fire in that place, so they ask Phil to go up and look for some wood. There is total darkness up the staircase. Phil uses his torch to open the door and yells at everyone to leave after seeing what is inside. Everyone comes to see why Phil got upset. A statue made of twigs of a decapitated human torso with antlers for hands was hanging in the room. Phil says it was something related to witchcraft. Others are not bothered by that thing, so they go down to get the fire started. They discuss that Pagans and Nordic people may have lived in this place because who else can think to live in the middle of nowhere. Hutch tries to make his friends comfortable by saying that we will be okay as we have food and supplies for now. They all talk for some time and then go to sleep. Soft knocking and growling sound keeps coming up from the darkness outside. Luke wakes up from his sleep. A light appears to come from outside the window. He follows the light, taking him to the memory where Robert died in the shop. He comes back to reality from his nightmare and finds himself standing outside the house with drops of blood on his shirt. He finds punctured wounds on his chest. Hutch also wakes up screaming. Luke goes inside and sees everyone panicked and scared by the nightmares they just had. Phil is missing. They go upstairs to check for him, where they find him naked, praying to the statue. Everyone gets ready to go, and no one talks about what has just happened. Luke is standing by a tree, looking at the symbols. Others say that this is a warning for them. Dom spots a path and asks his friends to follow him down it. While they are moving, Phil asks to discuss what just happened to them. Hutch says it was just a bad dream, a nightmare, and they just spooked because of it. Nothing else happened. Phil continued insisting that something was there. Something made him go naked and pray to that statue. Luke becomes angry at Phil saying it\xe2\x80\x99s all non-sense and tells him that listen to what he\xe2\x80\x99s are saying. Dom is determined to get out of that place. After some time, Dom gets tired and decides to rest for a while. The others become angry at him for slowing them down. They tell him to bear the pain and move faster, or they will never get out of that place. Dom does not respond to them and doesn\xe2\x80\x99t move. Luke decides to go and see how far they have to go. He is standing in the middle of the forest, looking at the wounds on his chest, when he hears low growls. Luke sees a creature in the woods and runs back to tell his friends about it. He explains to them there is something big in the woods. No one seems to be moved by this, so Luke shows his wounds to them and asks them if there is no one, then how did he get those wounds. Dom denies everything he is saying and argues with Luke. Dom says to him that we are here because of you. Luke comes back at him to which Dom says, where was this fight when Robert was dying in front of you. Luke takes his backpack and leaves when Dom says that robbers cracked Rob's head in half and Luke didn't even have a single drop of blood on him. In anger, he punches Dom. Hutch steps in and breaks the fight. Luke is leaving when Hutch tries to stop him. Luke is disturbed by what Dom had said, and so he asks Hutch that it was, is his fault that he didn't stand up to the robbers when Rob died? Hutch does not answer. They continue walking without saying anything. While they are walking, they see some fabric buried in the ground. They pull that thing out and find a tent, a picture, and a credit card that expired in 1984. Hutch tries to lighten the tension and says, we will not end up like these people. People will come looking for us as we have registered in the lodge. Hutch takes Luke to a corner and says that Phil is not looking good and Dom is also suffering because of his knee. He is strong, so he should go and look for help in the morning. He will stay with the two friends. The sound of branches snapping and growling continues. Luke is in his tent when he hears roaring and screeching. He unzips the tent and sneaks out to take a look. He\xe2\x80\x99s once again taken to his memory of the day Robert was killed. He hears someone calling him a coward and wakes up from the dream upon hearing Phil scream. When he inspects the situation, he finds out that Hutch is missing and that Phil saw a creature, shadows taking him. They hear Hutch\xe2\x80\x99s screams coming from a distance. Everyone is scared, but they gather the courage to go and find Hutch. They follow the steps in the mud, and after covering some distance, they find him ripped open, hanging from a tree. They take him down, and everyone is crying about losing another friend. Luke says to go because the creature that did this will be coming back, but Dom insists on giving Hutch a proper burial. Dom argues on this with Luke. He says to keep his voice down. He tries to calm them by saying that I have a knife, and we know the path Hutch told us so we can safely get out of the forest. They keep going. They stop to drink water when they see foot prints in the mud. Dom suggests that it means there are people out there. Luke decides not to follow them and continues going to Southwest. Everyone is disturbed by what happened, but Luke tells them that they are far from that house now and are somehow safe. Dom stops to gasp some air. Luke moves to get a look at where they have reached. He sees the end and comes back to tell his friends about it. Luke finds out that the creature has attacked Phil and that his friends are not there. Luke again goes into his nightmare, and when he snaps back into reality, he starts looking for his friends. Luke finds Dom hiding behind a tree, scared to death. Dom says he doesn't know what happened, but they figured out that the creature was hunting them. Luke tells him that he has found a way out and will not let anything happen to Dom. The sound of the branches snapping continues in the darkness. Luke tells Dom that he will count down from 3, and then they will run as fast as possible. The heavy footsteps start to follow them, and the growling grows louder. They spot the creature and run from it. After wandering through the forest for a while they find Phil's body hanging from a tree. They continue running through the forest as the creature seemingly follows them, they see a house, and when they enter it, the radio is playing, and they see some people in there. They are knocked out, and when they wake up, they find themselves chained in a cellar. Luke tries to see out from an opening in the wooden wall and sees some people. They plan to cut the rope with the glass of the bottle lying on the table when two men and one woman enter the room. The woman offers Luke some water and sees the wounds on his chest. She also shows him the ones on her. She then goes to Dom but doesn't offer him water. Instead, she says something in an unknown language, and the man takes Dom outside up the stairs. Luke hears thudding, growling, and crying. A girl visits Luke and says that the people will prepare for the sacrifice ritual soon. After some time, they bring Dom back to the cellar. He is not in good shape and is bleeding. Luke asks him if he\xe2\x80\x99s okay. Dom starts telling him about the nightmare he saw in that house. Dom says that he saw these people offering him to that creature, and at the end, he saw his wife, Gayle. He says I will die here, but you have to live. Burn the place down when you leave it and tell my wife that I tried to get back to her. People then take Dom for the sacrifice as Luke looks through the opening. The group chants meanwhile Luke tries to get the cuffs off his hands. Dom yells at the people, \xe2\x80\x9cgo on, what are you waiting for now\xe2\x80\x9d. The creature appears from behind the trees, and people start bowing to him. Dom then sees the image of her wife coming out of the forest. He didn't realize it was the creature until it held him and hung him on the tree. Dom dies. The girl comes to inform Luke that your ritual will begin, and either you have to kneel before him, or he will kill you like everyone else. Luke asks the girl that what this creature is. She says that it is an ancient god, one of the Jotunn and offspring of Loki. Luke asks her why him? The girl replies that your pain is great. He tells her that I am not like you and I will not live like you. When the girl goes, Luke sets himself free. He opens the door and sees outside the room. He then takes the wooden stick lit with fire and moves upstairs. When he opens the door, he finds a twisted congregation of mummified worshippers that begin to move. He set them on fire and comes out of the room, attracting the Jotunn. Luke finds a hunting rifle and loads it. The creature kills one of the followers and drops the body. Luke runs from there, and while he is running, he looks back and gets a complete picture of the creature. He tries to get a shot at it, and after he does, the creature starts to follow him. Jotunn messes with his mind and shows him the scene from the shop where Robert died. Luke keeps running until the creature hits him, and he falls to the ground. The beast gives Luke a chance to submit, but then he strikes it with an ax. Luke runs from there while the creature shrieks and shouts. He keeps running until he finds himself in an open field with the sun coming up. The Jotunn roars in anger while Luke shouts back at it. Luke continues to follow the paved road, and the story ends with his survival and triumph. 