[Music], BBC series the cry came to an end this week with fans finally learning the fate of baby Noah and Alistair. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the show's ending and what message it carries with it. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this video for now if you want to watch the final episode with fresh eyes. with that out the way, I'm definition and I ruin the show so you don't have to. in the finale of the cry, we discover that it was, in fact, Alistair that killed baby Noah. he inadvertently did this after not testing the medicine properly before giving it to the child, which led to the infant's death. he concocted the plan to pretend that Noah had gone missing after he was found dead in the car. angered by the fact that Alistair tried to blame Joanna, she sought revenge and murdered him. she managed to do this by him buckling his seat belt so that when she crashed the car, he flew out the window and was killed. due to the nature of the murder, Joanna was able to convince the jury that it was an accident, and she left court without being convicted. in the final scenes of the show, what we see Joanna now living in Australia, completely haunted by the ghost of Alistair. during the court hearing, she hallucinating that he was there watching over her. and it's evident that though she has been cleared of the charges, she has not been cleared of her torment. she delivers a monologue to the vision of Alistair, protesting how she was a good mother in spite of all the things that happened. and it's a touching moment that also hammers home just how much she is now dealing with severe mental illness. in the house, another vision of Alistair appears and asks to have another child with her. to me, this signifies that she does not actually feel guilty for what she has done, nor does she truly accept how badly the two were as parents. Alistair was manipulative and had a horrendous, sinister side that was not fit to father. it shows just how truly lost your honor is by the fact that she still thinks both would be fit to it's a child. Juwanna isn't willing to accept the fact that she is a murderer. and this is showcased by her justification that she was a good mother and therefore a good person. in her head, she is still more than capable of having another family, and even believes that she deserves one. this highlights that she is unwilling to accept any blame. however, her subconsciousness refuses to lie to her, and this is why visions of Alistair will forever continue to haunt her. and tell she comes clean, it's a somber reminder that no bad deed goes unpunished. and though she may be acquitted of her crimes, she will forever go on to live in a mental prison. another theory about the show is that joanna was never actually acquitted for the crime, and that she's just hallucinating her perfect life down the road. in a recent interview with the express, producers stated that they wanted to make every episode feel slightly different to the last one. the truth is often bent throughout the series, and it's interesting to see how this culminates in a finale, Joana is more than capable enough of not accepting guilt and therefore hallucinating a completely different life. I know this could be seen as a bit of a reach, but it definitely makes sense, especially when you look at the shows. a stake director Glenn Dylan Ivan revealed to the Express it's a story that doesn't actually show you anything, and it's constantly hiding what it's about. and that continues - episode 2, 3 &amp; 4. each one has a different feel, and you can go back and watch every episode again, and you'll see that it's almost two very different stories happening in front of you. this backs up my theory that Johanna could be imagining the whole event, and this is why she is still haunted by visions of Alistair. we will, of course, have to wait to see if a season two is created to know this for sure. but it's definitely a thought-provoking end, and I took a lot from it. so what what are your thoughts on the ending of the cry? did you manage to predict the reveals, and what was the thing that shocked you the most? do you agree with my theory? and if not, tell me below in the comments. if you enjoyed this video, please check out my breakdown at the ending of The Bodyguard, which will be linked at the end of this one. this is a channel for fans of films, games, TV and more. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. if you'd like to help us out so we can bring content like this to you every week, please donate to the page Triana, which is linked in the description. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 