[Applause]. [Music], hey everyone. welcome back to the channel. so on saturday there was dc fandom as well as our restore the snyderverse event. now i know some of you were hoping that the schneiderverse or the aircut were going to be announced at dc fandom, and because they weren't, you're feeling a bit down. well, today i will be reviewing how the trending event went and why what happened was actually a real success. if you want to know my full thoughts on dc fandom, check out my previous video, where i review the entire event. now on with the video. so on saturday at 3 14 pm, for me, the trending event started just around 2 hours, 45 minutes before dc fandom started. by the time fandom began, we had hit 200 000 tweets, which is phenomenal. then as the event started, i and many others were watching dc fandom, so our attention started to pull away from the trending event and more on the cool trailers they were releasing. but that didn't last for long. so by the end of fandom, we were on 316 000 tweets. if you compare that to the other dc properties at that time, the batman was on 245 000 tweets, the flash on 63 800, and dc fandom on 573 000 tweets. so restored the snyder verse was talked about more than the flash and the batman combined at that point in time. both of those had a teaser or a trailer of some sort, and both had a panel on dc fandom. the snyder verse did not. the snyder verse was only talked about because us, the fans talked about it. no promotional information, nothing, just us asking a studio to restore the snyder verse. now, yes, it was disappointing that nothing was mentioned at dc fandom. however, there are two things to think about. the first is that every scene that was shown of the justice league was from the snyder cut and not from whedon's cuts. that emphasizes even more that the snyder cut is canon, which is promising for us. the second is that the warner brothers discovery merger happens next year. so it was highly unlikely to see anything this year from warner brothers. all our tweets and display of demand is preparation for discovery's arrival. i can guarantee you that they were watching how fans were reacting at dc. fandom, they would have seen 316 000 tweets were about a dc property that isn't even being used. they will be noting that down. i just want to quickly mention that my snide reverse store is now up and available. so if you wish to check out the merchandise, the link will be in the description below. the profits of certain products will be donated to the american foundation for suicide prevention. so not only can we get the restore the snow diverse message out there, but we can also support a great cause. anyway, back to the video. the key is to not give up. just because we didn't see anything at fandom, not only was it extremely unlikely to happen, but we had to wait three years until warner brothers released the snyder cut. we have only just gone over six months now. i'm not saying it will take us three years, but i'm saying if you want to see the snyder verse restored, don't expect it to happen right away. and please don't give up if it doesn't happen when you think it would happen. businesses are very tactical as to when they announce things they won't just go oh, the fans want the snyder verse. let's restore the snyder verse right away. they will take their time and work out all the pros and cons of the situation to see if it is financially sensible. when would they announce the news? when would they start pre-production? when would snyder be able to come back? what are schneider's demands? would the cast be able to return, and if so, when can they come back? and those are just some of the questions. i haven't even mentioned all the financial ones. there will be behind the doors meetings before we hear anything. so for all we know, there could be a meeting between discovery and zack snyder right now. you never know. it is a long process that takes time. we are here for the long run. but that doesn't mean we just sit and wait. we need to be proactive. we need to show them that the demand for the snyder verse wasn't just a phase. we need to show them that this is a real movement and a large amount of fans who want to see what happens next. i've seen people worry about the rumors that the flash will reset everything. and so the snide of us won't be able to be restored. that is not the case. think of it like this, if they make the snyder verse canon and don't erase the snyder cut, then zack snyder can adapt his story to include the current dc characters and storylines for his justice league 2 and 3. if they do erase the snyder cut with the flash film, then the multiverse still exists. so the snyder verse can be restored through the use of the multiverse, which would disconnect the snyder verse from the films that erased the snyder cuts. the snyder verse is not reliant on other new dc films. it can use them in the new story, but it is not vital to the survival of the snyder verse. in the chinese version of dc fandom, the flash panel was longer, and we got an interview from andy muschetti, and this is what he had to say. it's also very, very special that our all multiverse, it's not just, um, a multiverse of of characters. it's a multiverse of of sin of films. it's a cinematic multiverse. uh, as you might already like, uh, know, by, you know, looking at the names like there that are that are showing up like michael keaton, uh, reprising his royal batman. uh, it's very exciting. and one of the reasons that i i got closer and closer to this through this project. it was like the the unique nature of this, uh, of of this, you know, juxtaposition of of filming. so he says that the multiverse isn't just a multiverse of characters, but also a multiverse of films. that means the snyder cut can be in the multiverse. also. the chinese version of dc phantom included many more snyder cut shots, which were not included in the american version. i believe this is down to the warner brothers american branch. they are the ones who do not want the snyder verse. they were the only accounts who didn't promote the snyder cut. and they tried their very best to do that at dc fandom 2, which emphasizes the fact that the discovery merger is our best hope. zack snyder also helped out with the trending event with giving geralt of schneiderverse an exclusive behind-the-scenes image of green lantern, as well as giving wayne t. carr another exclusive image of his green lantern. remember that these shots were shot at zack snyder's house late last year. zack snyder didn't think the snyder verse was a possibility, or if he didn't want to return, then why would he give two brand new images to a snyder verse fan and a cast member to post on the trending day event? he thinks it's a possibility and he wants to return. so we need to think the same. patience is the key. if you ever lose motivation and want to give up, just watch the last hour of the snyder cut and come back. every time i watch that final hour, i want to see the snyder verse more and more. so overall, the trending event was a huge success. it may not look like it now, but when the snyder verse is restored, we will look back at this time and realize how important these trending events are. but that is all for today's video. thank you so much for watching. please make sure to like and subscribe and turn on post notifications so you never miss a video. i hope to see you here again soon. so until then, have a great day. bye. [Music]. 