I saw them in a room. I saw the bearded man, the same type Albert, nice, aw dirty bearded men in a room. I wash mine every day. hey guys, welcome back to another breakdown of Twin Peaks, the return. Greg and Ryan here. now, don't forget to subscribe to our channel, cuz we have plenty more TV coverage. so long. what? yeah, we've got preacher and Game of Thrones. all right, we got a lot to talk about, so let's just jump right into it. what I love is, last week's episode is a lot about women stuck in this world of man and just torture and violence. and in this one, it's just a pure on horror film. so many callbacks that zombies, it's got zombie. even had some bees before. yeah, you got even the shiny and you got all these things in it. I thought it was so cool. I also thought, though, it was super Twin Peaks, like, really dense with the with the things that make the show feel like Twin Peaks. and some of I feel like was almost the ultimate Twin Peaks episode this week. and what is crazy is that it felt that way without any horns. and no, mr. C, yes, no, mr. C, no. Bob Ennis and Gator episode. so a feat even though he is, his presence is felt in this episode. I will say that much, no question. alright, we're going to hop into the plot and then hit up some Easter eggs in series, and then go to your comments. but first, a quick shout out to Daniel de freitas who last week left the comment on YouTube, Miriam was still reading. so not yet murdered. alright. I mean, called it, yeah, I called it the very first thing that happens in this episode. I wanted to just hit that right away, because it doesn't quite relate to anything else that we're going to talk about. but Miriam crawling out of the bushes, all bloody. she's alive. these guys, man, Richard and Chad, I think they are just scrolling things up left and right. I mean, we talked about this before, bumbling criminals are Lynch's sing. remember he busted the window into the trailer so that gas wasn't going to explode anymore. it was not going to blow up. first, let's go down and check out our FBI down in Buckman. there's a lot going on there. Phil Hastings leads our intrepid team out to the coordinates, and what do we get? so this is out where Ruth and Bill Hastings met. the major the places, the fenced off rundown Shack, surrounded by shipping containers, and I also think may be off to the side, possibly a convenience store. before anything even happens, though, they see a woodsman, which confirms that when Hastings said there were so many people there, he was talking about the woodsman. there was so many people there. then things get nutty pretty fast. agent :. Albert approached the shack here, coal and coal alone witnesses of vortex where he sees the woodsman in the other place, and we're going to go deeper on that a little bit later. Patrick, just when it seems like the vortex is about to swallow call, Albert intervenes and save them. now, I have gone on record saying that I am concerned about Albert not being a good guy anymore. I've said it in previous videos. I did a whole rant on Twitter last week about it. and he does appear to save coal here, but I think an argument could also be made that he prevented coal from seeing the truth. yeah, it's you. I think you could see it that way. okay, I'm going to join you in this too. I feel like maybe there is something going on with Albert. I'm not sure what that is yet. someone in the FBI is doing something fishy here, right? either it's Tammy Albert, but also you have Diane, who we know is doing something out of the ordinary. yeah, we know something's going on with Diane. my suspicion is that Albert is in with Phillip Jeffries, yes? and I think Diane may be too. and in fairness, we don't really, can't really classify Jeffries as good or bad at this moment. you know, an actor or a force, but not if all we know is even Bob is working for a bill Jefferies, right? so we don't know what the hell you doing exactly. but I do love one thing about that whole entire scene is David Lynch, as we've seen this in the home drive a lot, he toys with our expectations and what we anticipate is gonna happen next. and that scene with Albert, my heart was racing, just when you see Cole go forward and just Albert in the shot with his gun. and I'm thinking, oh no, this is a setup. but Woodsman are around, surrounding them. I'm thinking, okay, he's going to shoot them, and the woodsmen are going to kill everybody, and then Bob is going to come out and high-five Albert, and then I'm going to cancel my Showtime subscription from there. oh, that would have been the worst. like the blocking of the scene, the way everyone is standing at Oscar and how little we really know about everyone. it did feel that way. my heart was racing throughout the entire day. yeah. quick sidenote to the sound of that vortex is very similar to the vortex dot wave sound file on bills website. side note to the side note, the guestbook comments on the search for the zone comm are now gone, and so are the coordinates on the home page. I'm not sure if that really means anything, that the guestbook got wiped, although there were, like, comments from Bill Hastings. and I'm really not sure if it means anything that the coordinates disappeared, probably because a bunch of fools went out I edited it and decided to, I mean, I'm sorry, very committed investigators went out to see what was up with those coordinates. but you know what? we also lose from that is that those coordinates, when you clicked on them, took you to a video about the convenience or of the convenience store, which we saw in part 8. and so that lines up with in the episode how we see the woodsman and possibly the communion. sir. oh, I guess we found out. we sure did. Albert. okay, so back to Buckhorn net :. Albert finally find the remaining body of Ruth Davenport and bill Hastings. head blows oh my god, again, it looks just like Sammy Tracy's head when there's gone off by mother, or whatever they write to us. which actually kind of does connect them even more. I mean, we know that they're connected, but like the the aesthetic of murder is the same, kind of like that age. dad, there's a scene later on at the police department that really doesn't shed much light on the story. we do see the cold hands are shaking. and maybe that's the sign of something bad, but it also could be nerves. it wasn't as what Hansel, I didn't really go too much into it just yet. yeah, I don't want to read too much into it either. but if his hand starts telling him that it's not his hand, then we'll definitely know. now we do see Albert getting a read on Diane as she reads the coordinates of the photo of Ruth's arm. Diane also admits to seeing a woodsman leave the police car. Natalie and Preston say they didn't see anything. so there's also something there to do with Albert Cole and Diane's ability to see the Woodman. I was in the car. I didn't see anybody. I well, I I said I wasn't sure. although you're thinking, maybe they just weren't looking in the right direction. I don't think I saw the best footage shows it themselves. but they don't see anything. they're looking out in different directions, also against expectations. so in that scene were Albert's showing the coordinates off, and Diane's reading them off to herself. she's trying to memorize it. and then she asks like, you like, smoke in here? immediately you think yourself, oh, she's going to try to go smoke outside and go text those cords and off and goals gonna like, Nicole and Albert are gonna find her out right in there. nope. nope. I think maybe even she realized that that was going to be two others. all right, now let's go back to Twin Peaks and that crazy math that talk shows Truman, that looks like they just made it if that day on set. but it's in Peaks, so who cares? it's awesome, right? so Hawk has a map that is a is always current. he says, looks like it's from his, from his tribe, maybe the Nez Perce. okay, goddess say, not an expert here, but God to say that there was probably a time about 25 years ago when it would have been good to bust that map out before. but in fairness, and we talked about this last week, Hawks trust us. trust issues weren't really spoken about, but a little bit more apparent, I think, from Margaret's nudging him, and we talked about that last week. and here is the sign of him opening up more. back to Hawkes map. he believes that the major is leading them to the blue pine mountain, a revered, sacred site. there's a symbol of fire, which Hawk clarifies, like modern-day electricity. like modern-day electricity, good depends depends upon the intention, the intention behind the higher pop goes on to explain that the date, the time capsule to correspond to the stars on the map, which point to black corn, diseased, unnatural in a symbol of death. combining the two creates black fire, obviously. yeah. I mean, that's, that's what I would have, that's what I would thought. from there, Truman becomes fixated on our favorite symbol to debase all season long, which appears over the mountains, as it did on break this note. and in what happens to be the most frustrating tease all season, talk only says, you don't ever want to know about that. god dammit, hawk. you've got damn clot withholding motherf and then next comes the actual phone call from Margaret, where we get, for the second week in the row, the sort of title of the episode from market hot this fire, where you are going? okay, Margaret. now more in Twin Peaks, we also have actually played a lot with with Becky, Shelley, Bobbie and Carlton. we stained when Peaks for a very good majority episode. I love it. yeah, for a season that kind of has shied away from, like, really twin teasing it. even this one goes there. in the case of Becky, we finally get greater insight into her character. we learned that she and Steven are actually married. yuck. yeah. and he's cheating on her with Donna's all grown up. little sister. never remember from seasons he would cook cakes, right? also, though alicia witt was, her first film role was in dune as the sister of Paul Atreides, played by none other than hello. and finally, we get full confirmation, basically, that Becky is the daughter of Bobby breaks. yeah. there's an awesome scene at the Double R diner with all three of them. we're in keeping with the show's theme of violence and abuse, she apologizes for Steve's behavior the Fenton tour parents. that's very much. and feel the same things of Kelly in the past. and she takes that almost like you can see the internal monologue, like she says, at first she wants to get away from him, and then quickly interject, and I love seconds, turns around and apologizes for his behavior. don't want to go out on a limb and defend the violence towards women that has been rampant through this series, but this is at least a moment of, I think, clinch, justifying a specific incident so that it can explain itself through the type of psychology that takes place. further demonstrating that Becky is her mother's daughter, we also find out that Shelley is seeing red. oh man. it's for that scene. there's a this beautiful moment of like a family that's been separated is like sort of coming together. and then right in that moment, he the smile comes over her face, and there's red. and then she jumps out and goes to get a quick smooch. okay, so this seemed very suddenly dovetails into a shooting incident where a family of rural Americans accidentally discharges a gun in their car. here, I think, Lynch continues to play with parent to child dynamics, and the boy and his father, wearing a camouflage, he points his American deconstruction directly at firearm. carelessness. between this moment and the moment earlier when Becky shoots up the apartment door, the capper on the scene involves an upset motorist in the car immediately behind the car where the shooting incident happened, with this panic woman who possibly has a zombie daughter in the passenger seat. I love it. it's still fixing with twin peaks'. that whole scene very much feels like a 20 scene. if you were to put that in season two, I would not judge it one bit, right? and are we, you know, are we maybe seeing the natural progression of the rash? or is this just, like, symptomatic of how Twin Peaks has just got health problems? maybe? on a lighter note, we get a beautiful sequence where Carl rod swoops in to Shelly's rescue and calls his VW van with a magic whistle. now, inside the van, he's got a whole set up with an ashtray, a CB radio. when Shelly's cell phone doesn't work, he's able to call in the incident directly to the Twin Peaks. PD, a side note to that, David Lynch has gone on record with his disdain for cellphones. it's just such a sadness. you think you've seen a film on your [ __ ] telephone. get real. and now slowly becoming my favorite part of every week that he does. yep, it's time for the weekly check in with dougie. many people have long predicted that dougie needed just one good bite of pie to turn him back in the Dale. alas, that did not happen. now we're down to only a few more triggers that could cause this to happen. maybe his shoes. it's not going to happen that way. but I did notice one thing. when he eats the pie, he like eagle. something changes, something switches, and he has a moment where he's, I think, until so like, wait, something's up. so I do feel like something's gonna trigger him to come back. it won't be just one thing. I don't know. I'm sorry. I'm tired of having this conversation every week, me and everybody. don't everybody keeps having it. what's good to be the trigger? Oh, every night I thought it was the toffee. then we thought, oh, maybe if it's not the coffee, it so bad. either the badge or the pie. we're all we all have one. I had one too. we all thought there was gonna be something that triggered it. it could be the giant. just going to a minute sleep communicate about fur at this point. in complete fairness to everybody who is invested in these theories, I think that, you know, Dougie still has not met anybody that he knew in his previous life in person or seen any you know. so I think what we can do at this point is just rule out the sensory triggers, the things that we thought would remind Dale, you know, the the coffee, the pie, the violent incident with Ike, the spike, all seems like possible things, and none of them, none of them did it. so we are down to, could a person do it? and then the other thing, which is actually already more or less been prophesied by the show, is the there's going to be some kind of showdown with mr. C one of them has to die. we already know that. and I mean, honestly, maybe mr. Cooper is the only way we get dougie back. Kadri, okay, so back to the dougie plotline. first off, and I'll say at this point somewhat unsurprisingly, another one of Duncan Todd's overcomplicate plans has completely failed. the plan to frame dougie was foiled by none other than Bushnell Mullins, who arranged to somehow make the mitchum insurance claim totally legit, rewarding them with 30 million dollars. okay? and that's actually not the full narrative. Bradley Mitchum had a dream, dreamt about killing that Douglas Jones [ __ ]. the dream got him so fired up to kill dougie, he couldn't wait. but what he wasn't prepared for was the dream coming true. and when Dougie appears with a mysterious box, Mitchum realizes he can't kill dougie. so here's a big question. we know Phillip Gerard somehow coax Doug into bringing that pie, although we never see what must have been a strained customer service experience. but did he also plant Bradley mentions dream the night before? I mean, anything's up. we haven't precisely seen Mike's powers reach beyond communicating with dougie, but that ain't no coincidence. regardless of all that, dougie now has an ally in the Mitchell brothers. they know that they were deceived by Anthony Sinclair, and we know Sinclair was sent by Duncan Todd at the order of mr. Cooper. and that pretty much wraps up the plot of the episode. on that last scene with the Mitchell brothers, I thought it was actually kind of Sweden beautiful. we get the woman back who called him mr. jackpots in the first place. it's gorgeous. and a lot of callbacks. just the red or a lower Palmer getting the kiss. it's really cool. and also her, the old lady, her dress looks a lot like seniorita titles dress -. oh, no. that's a good on. everything. hate something else I thought - was a heartbreaking, which is namely the Badalamenti piece that was in that scene, when it turns into the slow part, right before the woman shows up. it just for a moment, tons a little bit like the slow piano bit in la-la-land. and that, it's not necessarily a reference, but it just caught my ear. but I think what we've got a really way more legit references in easter egg coming right up here. oh, we got so many. let's just go right into it. let's do it. alright. like I said earlier, this episode felt like a horror film, and leave for half of the film, straight up, the music, everything, the wings. oh, yeah. like Friday the 13th, the scene with the mitchum brothers, so they're holding their heads together. now I feel like that a painting that David Lynch is jocking there. I just can't figure out which one. if anybody knows what it is, let me know in the comment section below. but when I got that scene was basically a mix of seven and the Seventh Seal. oh, yeah, bird instead of seal. and then you had the two cars, the black and white, the duality. they have this man's light in their hands, right now, there's also, you got the Exorcist x-files through detective Tales from the Crypt there are so many guys. if you saw any more references in there, let me know in the comment section below, because I think, I just find that so cool. yeah. okay. now, remember that scene with the zombie girl in the car? that is a callback to Ronit Polanski in season 2, where she wakes up from her coma and has a vision of Bob totally. okay. so now, one of my favorites was, if you went in there and paused it and look really closely at the woodsman on the stairs, right in between the two guys at the top of the stairs, there's this, like, just wallpaper, there's like, a, yes, there's some color there. there's some spotty color. and and it really stands out when you freeze the frame, like everything else is black and white now, apparently. but I think the wood mare on the stairs that leads to the room the mrs. Tremont showed Laura in reality in a big dream that shows the room leading to the Red Room. Laura's past specifically, though, went to the Red Room, right? yeah. this is where she actually gets the okay, ring. that's the scene where she gets the ring. but we also get Dale telling her, don't take the ring. Marat Bradley Mitchum's dream, it's a direct call back to the Winkies diner scene. dreams, Queens, lots of dreams, all dreams. he's linking us, david lynch's giving us little clues here that something's going on here with dreams. i'm wake up. ok. so you got the screaming room in the car, and she's yelling up all this stuff. late for dinner the with their uncle, or something like that. yes, uncle. that makes me think fire walk with me. when Chet and Sam are talking in the car after they just deciphered the clues from lil, Cole said lil was his mother's sister's girl. now, what's missing in that sense, the uncle. it's loose. but there's something there. that's the only other time I can think of that we've used the word uncle like this. and how much like a hat with it? I don't know. it's loose, but, yeah, we play it loose. all right. the last sort of Easter egg this week. you caught it. I wasn't even paying attention. the Z is very prominent in the coffee shop name. this isn't the first time you've seen that. we've seen that all the way back in the first episode, right? Z on the cup. uh-huh. for the longest time I just thought, like, those are like, numbers, like order numbers or something. oh, you're number seven or whatever. notice that? it's like the shop logo. yeah. might even be the same chain. I brought us two lattes again. okay, so now let's go to some viewer comments from last episode and over the week. Kelly Harman on YouTube says, it looks like Diane's nails are painted the same color theme as the Black Lodge, and her spirit fingernail is painted red. you know what? that's a great observation. black and white nails, red finger nail decals. and and this definitely, maybe even solidifies a connection between mr. Cooper and Diane? I don't know about that. you don't want to hear Scott I won in the youtube comment says, what do you make of the fact that nerium's last name in the credits is Sullivan. get the envelope stolen by chad has a return address for Miriam Hodges? yeah, that's a thing. it's probably not a continuity error, which has been posited. but I also think it would be weird for that kind of a mistake to be made. and, you know, it's also just possible that Chad's not very good at what he does. he picked the wrong envelope. maybe I was love it if he just picked the wrong envelope. he's just a dummy and got the little things. I would be the funniest outcome and consistent. yeah. and then on Twitter, deal Martin posted a sort of trying to decipher Gordon Cole's drawing from last week. and actually, I thought this was pretty good. you get, you get this sort of, like trees in the frame around the entrance to the Black Lodge, which sort of mirror the antlers. and then, of course, there's Bob's arm reaching out of the Black Lodge. I can see yoga re in the youtube. comment says, something that was missed is that Lynch wrote the ending song for part 10. I think that this with the dress and the connection of Mulholland Drive, means that the lyrics of no stars are more meaningful to the story. Hawk again, he brought up the stars the mass right into the certain date. so it does tie into the story a bit. and also kind of cool that that was a David Lynch song. and remember, next episode, let's rock. Oh, let's rock is coming. it could be just the whole episode at the Roadhouse, horses to pull on, just they say, every song for the soundtrack, just an hour or musical program. I could see that. although I'm personally hoping that we're going to see Chester Desmond. I think we're going to see somebody. I think we're going to get a reveal from somebody, but also we're going to get a depth for somebody to I think more bad [ __ ] is about to go down. it is very next. it's time for a fatality. I nominate Carrie's foot. and I'm 1/8. Chad. oh, thanks again everybody for watching. we'll see you next week. and always make sure it has up in the comment section. if we missed anything, yeah, and you can hit us on Twitter too. our handles are done in the description. alright, guys. see you next week. let's rock. 