[Music]. on a Greek island, twenty-year-old bride-to-be, Sophie reveals to her bridesmaids that she has secretly invited three men to her wedding without telling her mother Donna. they are the men that her mother's diary reveals could have been her father, Irish American architect Sam Carmichael, Swedish adventurer and writer, Bill Anderson, and British banker Harry bright. she dreams of being given away by her father at her wedding, and believes that after she spend some time with them, she will know which one of them is her father. Sophie's mother, Donna, who owns a villa, as ecstatic to reunite with her former dynamos bandmates, Rosie and Tanya, and reveals she has baffled at her daughter's desire to get married. the three men arrive, and Sophie smuggles them to their room. she doesn't reveal that she believes one of them as her father, but does explain the sheet and not her mother, sent the invitations. she begs them to hide so Donna will be surprised. they overhear Donna working and swear not her reveal Sophie secret. Donna accidentally sees the three men and is dumbfounded to find herself facing former lovers demanding they leave. she confides in Tanya and Rosie that she truly does not know which of the three bothered Sophie. so he finds the men aboard Bill's yacht, and they sail around the island telling stories of Donna's carefree youth. Sophie plans to tell her fiance, Skye about her ploy but loses her nerve. Skye and Sophie sing to each other, but Skye is abducted for his bachelor party. at Sophie's bachelorette party, Donna, Tanya and rosy performed when Sam, bill and Harry arrived. Sophie decides to talk with each of them alone while her girlfriends dance with the men. Sophie learns from bill that Donna received the money for her Villa from his great aunt Sophia. Sophie guesses that she must have been named after Sophia. she asks him to give her away and keep their secret until the wedding. Sophie's happiness is short-lived, as Sam and Harry each pull her aside to tell her they're her father and will give her away. Sophie, overwhelmed by the consequences of raising the hopes of all three fathers, faints. in the morning, Rosie and Tanya share Donna they will take care of the men. bill and Harry intend to tell each other what they learned the previous night, but Rosie interrupts them. Donna confronts Sophie, believing Sophie wants the wedding stopped. Sophie says that all she wants us to avoid her mother's mistakes. samih costs Donna, concerned about Sophie getting married so young, Donna confronts him, and they realized they still have feelings for each other. Sophie confesses to Skye and asks for his help. he reacts angrily to Sophie's deception, and she turns to her mother for support. as Donna helps her daughter dress for the wedding, their rift is healed, and Donna Reve this is about Sophie's childhood. Donna admits her mother disowned her when she became pregnant. Sophie asks Donna to give her away. as the bridal party walks to the chapel. Sam intercepts Donna, who reveals the pain she felt over losing him. Sophie and Donna walked down the aisle as the band plays. Donna tells Sophie and all gathered that her father could be any of the three men. Sam reveals that while he left on it to get married, he did not go through with it, but returned to find Donna with another man. the men do not want paternity confirmed. agreeing to be one third of a father for Sophie, she tells sky they should postpone their wedding and travel the world. Sam proposes to Donna. she accepts, and they are immediately married. at the reception, Sam sings to Donna and rosy makes a play for Bill. the couple's proclaim their love. Sophie and sky sail away. [Music]. 