candace once again suffers another day of trying and failing to bust her genius brothers, phineas and ferb. perry the platypus fights with dr defence mertz. on the moment, accidentally vanished. gun hits phineas and ferb, things and vanished. as candace airs her grievances to vanessa, a space pod comes and sucks them up. [Music]. phineas and ferb witnessed this, and, identifying the license plate on it, learned that it is from the planet fee bluehood. and recruit isabella balge and buford to build a portal to the planet. however, the portal redirects them to defense mercs, evil incorporated, where dr defence mertz was also trying to build a portal upon seeing that vanessa was kidnapped. anticipating that the portals wouldn't work, defenschmertz has built a spaceship for himself and the gang to travel to fiblagoot, with perry the platypus secretly following them. candace and vanessa explore the spaceship they have been taken to and locate the escape pods. while vanessa escapes, candace is captured. however, both end up on fee blued. anyway, candace is taken to the leader, the oddly named super big doctor, who sympathizes with candace's plight. she too has two younger brothers that she was tired of, then decided to come to feeble to rule it. big doctor informs candice that she contains remarkalonium, which is important for their people, thus making candace feel special. upon arriving to feeble, phineas and ferb try to patch things up with candace by giving her a gift they made, but she rejects them, and big doctor has them taken away. the gang is actually being imprisoned, which is what big doctor had done to her brothers, but perry rescues them. candace learns that the remarkalonium is actually just carbon dioxide, which is what a spore plant named mama needs so that big doctor can control her subjects. candace accidentally reveals that the people of earth exhale carbon dioxide, and big doctor plots to conquer earth. phineas urban the gang team up with the oppressed cowards, the previous inhabitants, and attacked the alien city. the gang follow her, but defensemart stays behind when he learns that vanessa is still on feeblehoot [Music], big doctor and her army fleet of earth. the gang reach earth in time to fight big doctor and her army phineas and ferb free candice, who cries in shame over how she treated her brothers. they revealed that her gift is a coffee mug that projects images of their past adventures. while candice may not be special to the world, she is special to them. they fight the aliens, but mama grows big and unleashes her spores on the populace. as the heroes are captured, candace manages to reach out to big doctor, who has an epiphany about her life. just as mama increases in size and devours her the kids fight mama while the fenchments. vanessa and perry return having used the chicken replace inator, a gadget that swapped something with the closest or farthest chicken, to transport themselves to earth. under defensemartz's direction. candice uses the inator on mama, replacing it with the initial chicken that they used in the first place, and sends it back to feeble. mama shrinks in size and spits out big doctor who gets captured by the cowards. candace begins to truly appreciate her brothers for everything they have done for her. [Music]. thanks for watching. video. 