[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 superhero film, black panther. so let's get started. centuries ago, five African tribes were over a meteorite containing the metal vibranium. one warrior ingests a heart shape herb affected by the metal and gained superhuman abilities, becoming the first black panther. he unites all the tribes except the Jabari, to form the nation of Wakanda. though Condon's use the vibranium to develop advanced technology and isolate themselves from the rest of the world, posing as a third world nation. in 1992, King to chaka visits his brother, nacho boo, who is working undercover in Oakland, California. takaka accuses nijo boo of assisting black market arms dealer ulysses klaw, with stealing vibranium for makanda 'no joe, whose partner reveals that he is actually Zuri, another undercover wakandan, and confirms to chacas suspicions. in present day, following to chacas death, his son, to Chawla, returns to Wakanda to assume the throne. he and Ikoyi, the leader of the Dora mulashi regimen, extract Nakia, to chela's ex-love, from an undercover assignment, so she can attend his coronation ceremony along with his mother, Amanda, and his younger sister, Cherie. at the ceremony, the Jabari tribes leader baku challenges to Chawla for the crown in a ritual combat. the Chawla defeats in Baku and persuades him to yield rather than to die in the combat. after Klaw and Eric Stevens steal OA Condon artifact from a museum will copy the chalice friend, and a coil of urges him to bring claw back, dead or alive, T'Challa, Ocoee and Nakia traveled to South Korea where Klaw plans to sell the artifact to CIA agent Everett K Ross. a firefight erupts, and claw attempts to flee, but is caught by a T'Challa, who reluctantly releases him into Ross's custody. Eric attacks and extracts Klaw as Ross is severely injured, protecting Nakia. rather than pursue cloth, the child takes Ross to Wakanda, where there technology can save his life, while Sheree heals Ross. T'Challa confront Zuri. Zuri explains that in the Jobu plan to share what condom technology with people of African descent around the world to help them conquer their oppressors. esta Kaka was arresting a Joe boo back in 1992, a Jobu attack. Zuri was forced to chaka to kill me. Joe boo to Chaka ordered Zuri to lie that know Joe boo had disappeared and left behind his American son, Eric. in order to maintain the lie, Eric became a u.s. black op soldier, adopting the name kill monger. meanwhile, Eric kills Klaw and takes his body to Wakanda. he is brought before the tribal elders, revealing his identity and claimed at the throne. Eric, aka kill monger, challenges to Allah and ritual combat. after killing Zuri, he defeats T'Challa and hurls him over a waterfall. after ingesting the heart-shaped herb, Eric orders the rest of the powerful fruit to be burned, but Nakia is able to steal one. Erik, supported by a copy in his army prepares to distribute shipments of all condon weapons to operatives around the world. Nakia, Sheree, Ramon de and Ross flee to the Jabari tribe for aid. they find a comatose T'Challa rescued by the Jabari in repayment for an Baku's life, healed by nakiya's erb2. Chawla returns to fight kill monger, who is now wearing his own suit and commands will copy in his army to attack T'Challa. Sheree, Nakia and the Dora mulashi joined to Chawla, while Ross remotely pilots a jet to fight and shoot down planes carrying vibranium weapons. mbaku and the Jabari tribe arrived to reinforce T'Challa confronted by Ocoee, while kabhi and his army stand down fighting in wakandans vibranium mine. T'Challa disrupts kill monger suit and stabs him. kill monger refuses to be healed, choosing to die a free man rather than be incarcerated. T'Challa decides that kill monger had some valid points, and they do need to extend themselves into the outside world, creating a Outreach Center building in California where new Jobu died. in a mid-credits scene, we see Chawla appears before the United Nations to reveal that Wakanda true nature to the world. in a post-credits scene, cherie helps Bucky Barnes with his recuperation. so that was spoilers for Black Panther. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts under various forms of social media, and remember to check out our new Instagram giveaways, and also to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 