it all starts in a place like a forest, with fields of grass and trees. but don't let it fool you, towering walls around the place. you're right, it's the maze. in the legends, the main male character is thomas. he was taken here. a group of boys surround him and laugh at him. thomas runs away, but he falls, realizing walls block him. but that's at the end. he loses his memory. the leader here says, every boy here can't remember anything. they are taken here to live like caveman. the leader came earliest. he has stayed here for three years. but the point is he doesn't go straight to the point, what happens outside that door? he only says one thing, you can't go there. soon after, thomas finds out there are two older boys run from the door. why did he say we can't cross that door? a fat boy tells him there are only runners that get permission to go. thomas is a risky kid. he goes close to the door, but it turns out he is pushed back by an older boy. thomas gets mad, are you crazy? you don't let me in and don't even tell me what's inside? at that time, they hear a sound. the entrance starts to close. a dark and scary atmosphere. wonder what's going on. if we get trapped in sight, the night has come. thomas hears that sound from the maze. the vice leader says, the maze is being changed. no one survives this maze over a night because there's a monster. it kills whoever it meets. the second morning, the leader takes thomas to a wall. there are many names on it, but some has been striked through. those are the dead's names. thomas scribes his name on it. soon afterwards, a weird thing happens. thomas walks to the forest. he meets a man. it's a runner. his eyes are purely black and his face is deadly pale. he springs off like a mad dog and pushes thomas. he keeps saying, it's all your fault. thomas was nearly choked to death, but luckily, he kicks that man off and runs away. he runs back to the crowd. everyone quickly put that man down and pulls up his shirt. they're scared by his deep wound. the monster beat that man, so he's like a madman who ultimately lost his mind. soon he will become a ghost. they have to bring him to the maze gate and let the man kill himself. the gate starts to close. the men try to put him inside. despite the desperate begging, they ignore him. there's no other way. no one ever wants a zombie with them. on the third day, because they lost a runner, the leader has to go into the maze himself. but he didn't expect what's coming next. it's time to close the gate, but they haven't returned. thomas asked if they can look for them. the young men say no, the entrance is about to close. they probably died at that moment. they see them, but there's something wrong with the leader. he's injured. the boy who went with him couldn't leave him behind, so he tried to bring him back. but no one dares to help them. they just shout. when the gate is about to close, thomas can't bear it anymore. the gate closes. everybody's watching their friends say goodbye to this world. they can only say, hang on there. at that moment, thomas feels like his heart is burning. why do i have to watch my mates dying? he has made a silly, yet brave decision. [Applause]. but he did. people say he will die if he goes in there. but he decided to help his friends. thomas is great. minho gets tired, laughs and tells him, good job. just kill yourself, right? no one can survive the maze. over a night, he sees the leader suffering from the injury. once again, he hears that creepy sound from the maze. thomas comes up with an idea. he uses a rope to hung up the leader. but the sound gets closer, and they haven't finished hanging him up. minhu was too scared when he saw the monster, he run away. thomas can't manage to do the hanging, so he has to hide underneath the ropes. when the monster leaves, he ties the leader and steps out. the monster suddenly shows up from above. thomas tries to run in the dark maze. he runs fast into a dead end. there's no other way. he has to climb up. the monster climbs after him. he jumps off, and keeps jumping back and forth. he uses the rope to wrap around the monster. thomas and minou meet each other. they run together. mino tries to run through and about to close gate, but thomas has stopped. mino shouts. it turns out thomas is waiting for the monster to come closer. he provokes it, then runs as fast as possible. the monster and here run close to the crack. it's getting smaller. who will win? [Applause]. the next day, the maze opens the gate. thomas and minou take the leader back. everybody is amazed. they asked, did you guys see the monster? minou says, i did. he killed it. thomas becomes a hero, but alba doesn't like him. he keeps talking [ __ ] behind thomas back. another weird thing happens. the crane hook was lifted. it's a girl that nobody has ever met. there's a piece of paper stuck on her it's written, she is the last one. soon after that, thomas leads a group of men to explore the maze. they found a locator device on the monster. they took that device back with them. minou shows thomas the map of the maze that he has drawn. turns out, in the last three years, nino explored every corner of the maze, but he couldn't figure out the exit. he found out that the maze has eight areas. the locator marked number seven can open the entrance of number seven. the main female character has awakened, but aggressive. thomas sits next to her and says, easy, all right. what is this place? why can't i remember anything? this is all normal. your name, that'll come back to you in a couple of days. one thing, that's theresa. what did you say? my name is teresa. i have dreamed recently, and i saw you in my dreams. why are we different from them? teresa gives thomas thanks, inside her back two vials of cure. what can they help? suddenly it hits thomas heart. the leader is injured. they could be the cure. he takes the man closest to the leader. suddenly, the leader grabs his the leader falls asleep when teresa gives him a shot of medicine. the next day, thomas and minou decided to find a way out. on their way, running out of the giant maze, the scene is getting larger. the reach section number seven. it's fraught with blades. they take the locator device out, follow its single sound until they see a door. mino has never seen this before. they walk into the cave, use that device to open the door. when they're inside, an infrared ray scans over them. then there comes a loud sound. the entrance starts to close. they feel something wrong, so they quickly run. run. mino and thomas run crazy. a whole path full of plates continually closes. the crack of the last blade is their chance to get out of here. suddenly, thomas is trapped by a plate. he has to wait until each plate closest to roy. finally they make it. the maze closes again. the giant stone wall is just like a machine. it starts moving. luckily, they both can run. they finally get back to the camp. the leader has woken up. they come to see him with exhausted faces. they say, we can't get out of here. turns out he remembers everything. you're their people, but why are you here? thomas doesn't answer. there's a loud sound outside. they run out to see what happens. the entrance has opened, even though it's night time now, which means that the monster is coming. a deadly battle is near. the maze turns darker. the monster's shadow appears. run. it's a whole mess. the more you run, the higher the possibility that you are killed. they have to hide inside the shelter. the monster is walking above. the roof is pierced. the monster puts its arm inside and grabs the leader. the leader says the last thing to thomas. after killing a lot of people, the monster goes back. they walk outside. the civil conflicts getting more serious. alba blames thomas. he shouldn't think about fighting back, because it will lead to revenge. he suddenly remembers the leader got bitten by the monster. the antidote cured him and helped him get back his memory. then he takes the needle that the monster dropped and throws it into his leg. people quickly give him the cure. when he wakes up, he does remember everything. it turns out he and the girl are the last ones that joined the maze. because they didn't want to do bad things. they were taken here. thomas decides to have everyone live there, but they don't know the power in the camp has been changed. abba is now the leader. he binds thomas and teresa. he takes them in front of the maze gate. he was meant to punish them, but alba changed his mind. he wants to kill them in the maze. there's no other way. thomas fights back. this time everybody echoes him to fight against alba. thomas encourages everyone to go with into the maze to find the exit. some agree, while others choose to stay with alba. they reach section number seven. there's a monster here. they have to fight together. they rush towards the monster and kill it. they push the monster to a deep hole. but there isn't one monster. they fight and find shelter to hide, until they reach the deepest place in the cave. they use the locator device to open the door. they lost some members, so they need to get out of there. when they move inside the forest, they find a way out. but what happens outside the door is unusual. all the stuff of running the maze were killed. they were shocked. seems like there was a riot. the screen displays a woman controlling the maze. she tells them a secret, that the world outside is suffering from an apocalyptic event. people have constructed a dangerous disease. they kill each other until they found some babies that have immunity. they brought a them to the experiment center. they lead them to the maze. as soon as she stops, the army attacks her. she shoots herself. it turns out it's even scarier on the outside. should we go? alba suddenly shows up. all the members of that state where killed. he gets crazy as he was beaten too. finally, minute throws cold steel at alba. the fat boy who used himself as a shield to prevent the bullet for thomas died. the army has come. thomas and the members follow them and get in the plane. the maze looks scary when they look from here. is this freedom. at that time, the last picture is released. the woman that was on screen stands up, wipes off the fake blood stain. she faked it. she says the experiment is done and will continue the next stage. the teenagers still can't escape their plan. the maze is the first part. more crazy things await them. the world is keen on putting the children in trouble. luckily, they can still run. they are young. they will never step back. 