[Music], hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a post-apocalyptic action film, attack on titan, part one. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. 100 years ago, the titans showed up from nowhere on earth. they kept hunting humans and destroyed most of humanity. eventually, to stop the titans advance, the only few human survivors built two layers of a great wall, the inner and the outer, to fend for themselves. in that way, they continue to live in peace in the present day. inside the outer wall, people cultivate crops for food supply to those who live in the city of the inner wall. having not seen any real titans for almost a hundred years, people there would rather believe the titan species is just a legend to the humanity someday. the young boy, aaron, confides to his two closest friends his desire to leave the great wall and see the outside world. armin, who's obsessed with the inventions made before the destruction of human civilization, intends to be a scientist, while the girl, mikasa, just want to continue the peaceful life with her two best friends. aaron, however, unsatisfied with his current life confined inside, believes there should be some secrets hidden outside the wall. they later get excited by an ocean-like picture found printed on an abandoned bomb. stirred by their curiosity about the legendary ocean outside, they bypass the garrison secretly and approach near the outer wall. while they're trying to find a way out, the soldiers notice the suspicious three and come to stop them immediately. rather than being caught up for punishment, they're told that the military is assembling a scouting regiment to explore beyond the walls for more living space for the people. but right at that time, they're interrupted by a sudden violent vibration and terrified to see later, a colossal titan is roaring and breaking the wall its full strength. the colossal titan stops its attack and retreats after the wall is breached, which means, however, becoming real massacre to all humanity living inside. numerous titans warm up later and enter from the broken wall, binge, eating people to fill up their hungry stomachs, for they have waited too long for such a big meal of human fleshes. what's worse, they find that even the big cannons seem to do no harm to these titans, who can recover quickly from their injury and get back up again. the sudden attack turns the whole area into a total chaos. people just run away for life in a great panic, but only find nowhere to hide. when mikasa tries to rescue a baby, she's separated from aaron and taken away by a titan, presumably killed. aaron struggles desperately to search for her, but to no avail. as the titans continue their hunting for the hidden survivors, aaron has to make his way out of the village. two years later, the whole rural area has been taken up by the titans, and the human survivors have to retreat into the city. the only place left undestroyed within the inner wall. but due to the overcrowding and food shortage there, the commander-in-chief assembles the scout regiment will be sent to the outer wall to fight against the titans and seal up a broken wall, attempting to claim their lost lands back. aaron and armin both join the scout. the team plan to move out into a town of the outer wall. first where they'll meet the defending scouts for some explosives to fight against the titans. they know that it's probably a one-way trip for all of them as it's extremely dangerous, but that's the only hope left for humanity. though. most of the new scouts know very little about the titans, until they're told that the titans are mystery creatures bearing no reproductive organs. knowing that the titans are less active during the night, they decide to make their way to the destination under cover of the night with the gate opened. after the night falls, they enter the rural area taken over by the titans, distracted by something strange on their way, however, they stop and search the surroundings, but only to find a tightened baby left in the building. once the giant baby sees humans, it cries out loud. wait again, don't just run. why not play with a fat baby to stop its cry? baby all loves the companionship. the baby cries result in more titans coming to hunt the humans. the teens subsequently experience a narrow escape from the titans. they're all frightened and flee, scattered for their own lives. on their way, rushing to the destination. however, they're intercepted by a colossal titan who's waiting there for its fresh human desert. as the team are helpless. the titan, however, is terminated by a guy coming for rescue who knows well how to battle with the titan by attacking its fatal weakness on the back. the guy named shikishima is the captain who keeps guard of the explosives. to aaron's surprise, the girl accompanying the captain is actually mikasa, who survived the attack two years ago, but got badly injured. she's now part of the scouts, but seems to be a stranger to aaron right now. once the team reached the destination, they take out all the explosives from the basement and load them to the truck. at night, a scout girl turns horny and asks to play hormone game with aaron. while aaron is still at a loss to the sutton courtship. the horny scout girl, however, gets a real shot from a titan, who takes her out of a sudden and eats her up. due to the unexpected attack, the new scouts have to run for their lives again. in a great panic. during the chaos, a female scout falls into sorrow by the loss of her boyfriend. as revenge for him, she then takes the truck, loaded fully with explosives and crushes it into the titans, resulting in a massive explosion among them who injured by the blast, though will recover very soon and get back up from the ground. aaron gets infuriated by the coming alive titans. he plunges towards them, but fails to hurt anyone. luckily, backed up by the captain's instructions, he kills a titan with a fatal shot on its back. excited by his first successful attempt, though, aaron gets stuck in a titan's mouth, causing him to be thrown far away with his one leg ripped off on the other side. while the titans are besieging some scouts on the rooftop, people on the ground figure out a way to distract their attack away. as the titans approach near, a girl scout takes the mere chance to shoot a titan in the eyes. while armin cuts off its hamstrings, causing it to collapse and gets shot deadly on its back. armin however, is later caught up by a coming titan and put into its mouth, despite the rest fighting hard to rescue him. right at that critical moment, aaron recovers to consciousness and manages to save armand from being eaten, but at the cost of his own life. it's shown aaron swallowed into its giant stomach, where he sees the horny girl, whose horny body has been badly corroded, crushed by aaron's death, though, mikasa keeps fighting until she runs low on fuel and comes face to face with the same titan that ate aaron. however, right at that time, an unknown giant monster bursts out of its body and begins battling the other titans with deadly shots. as the team are all frightened by such a new form of a giant coming to attack. mikasa, however, realizes that it's aaron who's actually in control of the giant. after she shouts at the giant with aaron's name, the giant stops its attack and starts to collapse. mikasa then frees aaron from his titan shell. everybody is shocked to find that aaron's lost arm and leg have grown back. to normal, and aaron recovers to his consciousness with his red eyes flashing open. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 