right. so, you know, I'm gonna have a full LME video off of this little indie film to cover all of my emotions while watching it. full spoilers, of course. but this video is also full of spoilers. if you couldn't tell by the title, because you probably clicked this because you just got done watching the movie. you feel like Hugo from lost when his dad left them, and your heart just hurts. so if you're looking for closure, some possible answers, that's what I'm here for, so we can quickly break down this ending, and that way your whole weekend doesn't feel like a funeral. let me explain. so, yeah, almost everybody died. damn thing turned into a sequel of Left Behind, starring Nic Cage. people were disappearing left and right after Daniels blew a fuse with that Infinity Gauntlet. and even in that after credits scene showing Robin from How I Met Your Mother and Nick Fury turning into fairy dust before calling Captain Marvel on that Bieber phone, it leaves us all wondering what the heck is happening, or all the characters really dead? come on now. quit playing. as we know Barney the Titan over here is the purple Bill Gates of this universe, because he believes that a mass genocide would help the universe to be more peaceful, since it wouldn't be so populated. you know, it's like he binge Dahl the purge movies. so that's what we're led to believe as he sits in his hut down in Cuba, enjoying that sunset after a hard day's of work. but we all know that Feige has always wanted to make his own version of Empire Strikes Back, and he finally gets it with this ending. so wipe away those tears as I tell you why everything's gonna be okay. most of these dudes have sequels. so you know how, like, all the Guardians just straight up disappeared? well, you know, they're not really the Avengers. they can't just add a new player for poker night. so their team has to come back, because they already got a third movie coming out in 2020. Doctor Strange, too, hasn't been confirmed, but the director and the writer are already working on a sequel. and remember, they even set up that post-credit scene for a future villain. and remember when strange himself said in infinity war that he had seen all of the possibilities, and there was one that they survived in, which what do you think we're watching in that timeline? strange has to give him the stone, since he tells Tony there was no other way. there was no other way. meaning, in my theory, that Thanos has to go down this line in order to finally get himself in that dream state where he sees baby Gamora, who he sacrificed, who he'll eventually regret. and being that, it could be a new reality, stone time. damn Deadpool, coming out of a fourth wall and rewriting the script, things gonna happen where everything is gonna be redone and Thanos, the most evil person in the universe, is gonna learn his lesson. I mean, home, he already cried along a river, then, Justin Timberlake. in this movie, spider-man, already has a sequel confirmed, like literally, Tom Holland is already on the set, because this dude doesn't keep any secrets at all. and that movies coming out in 2019. black panther just broke box office records. fix race relationships for some so him getting raptured come on he's gonna have a second comment coming. so what we know is that since he got the soul stone, which is meant to control souls and send them to a certain dimension, that's where you can probably guess everybody is as they disintegrated. we also know that Adam warlock was hinted in one of the 616 guardians to endings, and that he will eventually help kill Thanos of they're going according to the comics. they even beeper Captain Marvel at the end of the movie, who's going to have a movie next year. it's going to take place in the 90s. it's gonna feature a two-eyed Nick Fury. and I have a theory that it may be in another dimension. I mean, she's been around since the Fresh Prince time, right? if she was found in the 90s, so why hasn't she hoped that at all? why does Nick Fury need this crazy Bieber thing if it isn't to reach someone from another dimension the multiverse? is my theory as to how they're not only gonna get back our fallen heroes, hopefully snatch up some x-men, but show that that's been the plan all along, that they've been playing with timelines since before Ironman, and that the biggest timeline that they've been playing with this whole time has been ours. I imagine that rather if they release a movie and then, like, there's still a 30-minute after credits scene, because they already know how big it is in the after credit scene, becomes its own movie. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. let me know if you like this movie. like I said, we all know Avengers 4 is coming out next year. supposed to be in two parts, freakin next year. they're not even taking a break in between them. it's coming out next year. so doesn't have a title. I've been saying, with the whole Fox right deal and everything going up there, with my theory of multiple dimensions, I hope they swoop them up and it becomes, I don't know, maybe it Avengers vs. x-men, this whole thing. I don't know what it could be, but that's my theory. for those of you who are worried about the people who supposedly passed away, they got confirmed sequels. they're already on set. don't even worry about it. be just upset that they left you with that clip 