welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the piano teacher. erica cohen is a middle-aged piano professor at a vienna music conservatory who resides in an apartment with her domineering elderly mother. her late father had been a long-standing resident in a psychiatric asylum. despite erica's aloof and assured facade, she is a woman whose sexual repression and loneliness has manifested in her periphelia, including voyeurism, sada masochistic fetishes and self-mutilation. at a recital hosted by the blonsky couple, erica meets walter clemmer, a young, aspiring engineer who also plays piano and who expresses admiration of her talent for classical music. the two share an appreciation for composers robert schumann and franz schubert, and he attempts to apply to the conservatory to be her pupil. his audition impresses the other professors, but erica, though visibly moved by his playing, votes against him. she cites his divergent interpretation of schubert's angentino and questions his motivations. despite this, walter is admitted as erica's pupil. meanwhile, another pupil, anna schober, struggles with anxiety while pushed by her own ambitious mother. however, when erica witnesses anna and walter socializing, she slips to an empty coat room and breaks glass, hiding the shards inside one of anna's coat pockets. this cuts anna's right hand, preventing her playing at the forthcoming jubilee concert. walter pursues erica into a lavatory immediately after she secretly injured anna. walter passionately kisses erica, and she responds by repeatedly humiliating and frustrating him. she proceeds to give him a hand job before performing fellatio on him, but abruptly stops when he does not abide by her orders. she tells him she will write him a letter regarding their next meeting later at the conservatory. erica feigns sympathy for anna's mother, with erica saying only she can substitute for anna in the upcoming school concert. at such a late stage, walter is increasingly insistent in his desire to initiate a sexual relationship with erica. but erica is only willing if he will satisfy her masochistic fantasies. she gives him the letter indicating acts she will consent to, but the list repulses him. she subsequently confronts him at an ice rink after his hockey practice to apologize, after which the two begin to engage in sex in a janitorial closet. however, erica is unable to and vomits after walter ejaculates in her mouth. later that night, walter arrives at erica's apartment and attacks her in the fashion described in her letter. he locks her mother away in her bedroom before proceeding to beat and rape erica. the next day, erica brings a kitchen knife to the concert where she is scheduled to substitute for anna. when walter arrives, he enters cheerfully, laughing with his family and flippantly greets her. moments before the concert is due to start, a distraught erica stabs herself in the shoulder with the kitchen knife and exits the concert hall into the street. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], you 