story recapped here. today, i'm going to show you a suspense thriller film called the platform. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the platform starts vaguely in a busy setting. you will see first a dynamic place where the food is being meticulously prepared. there is a busy older adult in a formal suit, somewhat an authority figure, who roams around the place and checks if everything on the menu thoroughly like there's a vast food fest about to happen. you can see different kinds of meat, fish, fruit, wine and dessert prepared. this place where they prepare all the food is platform zero. the people were hired to prepare the best quality food for platform one and beyond. a bearded man wakes up in a concrete room where he sees an older man. this smug older man tells him they're on platform 48 and it's the first day of the month. he explains they will eat whatever the leftovers were from levels 1 to 47. trimagassi says, obviously as his catchphrase every time he ends a sentence, like naruto saying, dadabayo. the younger man attempts to shake the older man's hand as a gesture. he introduces himself as goring. the older man responds, requesting to get back to his spot. the smug older man assumes his roommate will not last long since he is too friendly. then he introduces himself as trimagassi. after one month, the roommates get shuffled to another platform. when it's time to eat, a platform full of leftover food descends. trimagassi is surprised that there's wine still left, with a bottle roaring, skips eating because of disgust. he sees a clean looking apple and keeps it for later. when it's time for the platform to descend, trimagase empties the wine, spits what's left in his mouth and throws the bottle below. after the platform lowers, the room starts to heat up and fry everything inside. trimagassi, being the veteran, tells him it's the apple goring keeps which heats or cools the room. if anyone tries to keep the food, he drops the apple. goring under the hole because he wanted to quit his smoking habit and get the chance to read don quixote. on the second day trauma, gassy does the usual and eats the leftovers trimagassi explains that he accidentally killed someone outside because he threw his television out of frustration. after buying a self-sharpening knife called samurai max. the authorities gave him two options. it is either they will take him to the nut house or the hole, where he obviously is currently located. goring asks how deep is the hole? trimagassi says he was deep in 132, but there were more floors than he could see below. goring shows what he brought with him as he enters the hole, a copy of don quixote. trimagassi then reveals what he brought in the hole, a samurai plus, which goring joked about earlier. the next day, trimagassi is usually shown feasting on food. boring decides to join him. another day passes. trimagassi brags about how the samurai plus gets sharper. while goring stretches his body as he is reading the book. as they talked, a person from a higher platform falls and bumps near the edge where goring stands. the corpse continuously falls down the platform. gorang gets his face splattered with blood due to shock. goring accuses trimagassi of eating his roommate when he was 132 for survival. while they are fighting, the platform descends with a lady sitting in the middle of it. trimagase calls the woman who descended from the platform, meru. trimagassi says that miyaru kills her roommates at the end of the month. she does this so she can look for her son below the platform. try magassi hints that the man who fell might be me hero's victim. trimagassi also explained that at platform 132, he and his roommate ate a corpse who fell on them for survival. his roommate then got out of the hole with an accreditation mirror, then gets harassed by people on platform 49. after a few seconds, they hear a couple of men screaming. meru gets back on the platform and descends. boring reads the book to try magassi. they get along until it is the last day of the month. trimagassi prayed that they get to a higher level because he's grown fond of goring and his kindness. they both doze off because of the sleeping gas. in his second month, goring wakes up tied up to his bed, with trimagassi welcoming him with his samurai plus. he and trimagassi happen to be in a lower level in platform 171, where it is likely to have no food at all. trimagassi promises that he will not eat goring after seven days, until he gets hungry. on the eighth day, he caves into his hunger and starts cutting goring's leg. trimagase starts calling goring his little snail. mihuru attacks her and frees goring. goring kills trimagassi, and they feed on some of his flesh. mihuru nurses goring and gets back down on the platform to look for her son. goring eats trimagase's rotten flesh for survival for the whole month. on the night before goring's transfer, as the gas spreads in the room, trimagassi haunts him, telling him that they are the same. there's also goring's fever dream of making love to meeru. in the third month, goring recognizes a familiar face. he wakes up with inogiri and her dog, ramesses ii. she is an administration official who interviewed him before entering the hole. they are in level 33. inaugural is firm in balancing the platform's equilibrium and cease to feed all 200 floors equally, which goring disagrees with, seeing what he experienced in platform 171. first, she tries to balance her food with her dog by eating in turns each day. he also persuades people below her to do the same. however, no one listens to her, until goring threatens everyone to fill other people's food with his feces. everyone listen to him. after that, further tensions rose when mihuru arrives on platform 33 unconscious, all bruised up and wounded. they panic so much on lifting mihuru through a bed that they neglect ramesses the second. goring suddenly notices the sudden drop in room temperature and sees ramesses the second biting a strip of meat, which goring quickly snatches ramesses the second and he throws back the meat strip under the hole. when she regained her consciousness, she attempted to eat ramesses the second, leaving blood and guts on the floor. after seeing this mirror, goes to the platform and in ogiri, reveals that she has terminal cancer. innogiri then clarifies that there are 200 floors in total, and that the administration would not allow children to join the program negating mihuru's cause in the search for her son. she accuses mihuru of being a delusional, aspiring actress who wanted to be an asian marilyn monroe. in the fourth month, goring wakes up at level 202. he discovers that a nogiri has hanged herself. now he gets forced to eat a nogiri with trimagassi and inogiri insulting him. but he forcefully controls himself, even eating his book pages. at the end of the month, his hallucinations worsen as trimagassi persuades him to eat a nogiri. in the fifth month, he wakes up with another roommate named bahrat on platform 6. bahrad attempts to climb upwards, but goring convinces him to move downwards. instead, they team up to persuade everyone to get rations equally. they start to distribute food from platform 50 below. those who relent them they treat violently. a wise inmate named senior brambang advises them to leave an untouched panicotta as a message to the administration. as they descend further, they see mehru getting stabbed, multiple stabs in a fight. they help her but it's too late. she's gone. in the confrontation, boring gets bloodied up and bahrat suffers a fatal stab wound. before they reach platform 250 and beyond, they saw many atrocities of humans way beyond their expectations. as gorang and bahrat reach for platform 333, they notice how the platform has completely stopped. however, as they both step off, it lowered down once again. then they noticed that they had not been fried nor frozen. for bringing the panna cotta with him. they see me hero's lost son, which turns out to be a daughter. meeru doesn't speak the whole movie, so there wasn't any hint on the child's identity. gorang and baharat gave the panakata to the girl, presuming she is hungry and hasn't eaten anything for days. during the night time, he gets another hallucination from trimagassi. they were tempting him to eat bahrain or the girl. what makes his hallucination worse is even a nogiri and mihuru appeared with trimagassi to tempt goring. boring wakes up seeing bahrain bathing in his blood. boring goes down to the bottom a vacuous space with only the light from the uppermost rooms can provide limited visibility. trimagassi welcomes the bruised and wounded goring below the dark space beyond the platform. they end up realizing that there's no need for goring to aid the girl when it gets back up top, to be the message, goring joins trimagassi on the bottommost floor. goring demands from trimagassi not to be called little snail again, with trimagassi replying not to use his word ever. also, goring ends his journey, leaving the girl on top of the platform as the message to the administration. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 