hello friends. in today's video, we are going to explain a very good romantic drama movie named the maid, which was released in the year 2014. in the story of this movie, an 18 year old boy fall in love with his 14 year old mate. the entire movie is about the love story of his two. so let's start the explanation of this movie. in the movie start, we also an 18 year old boy named jack. jack gone on the vacation at his father house. jack's father name is david. the relationship between jack and david is not good. on coming home, jack's father, david tried to talk him, but jack does not like to talk him. bell leaps in anger. then the next morning, when jack is smoking while sitting in the balcony of his room, then he see a lady blow he is more attracted to that lady. and then he come down and start healing her. at the same time, david come there. and then he tell her that lady is the maid of his house, and her name is maria. maria is 14. then david introduced jack and maria to each other. up the dead jack take photos, gone out of with his camera for photography, because he was very fond for photography. on his written house, he again meet maria. and then start talking to maria. jack tell him that when he was younger, his mother divorce was and then his father get married again. zach doesn't like he's a stepmom at all, and that's why he hate his dad so much. then the next day, again, jack goes out to take photos, and then he find a girl there. there is a lot of talk between these two, and he start flitting with the girl. while these two were talking, maria passed on her bikesicle, and she sees them talking. then when he come back home after ignoring that girl, then he silently start clicking maria's photo. after this, he meets maria in the kitchen. and then maria asked him about the girl. maria asked why did he come home so early? and he should have spent more time with that girl. slowly, jack start getting more attract toward maria, and both of them start talking too much. jack taylor that he's feel much more comfortable with her. then jack shows maria his mom photo and tell her that she looked like his mom. maria talked a lot with jack, and c tell him about her dark past. she tells jack that she got pregnant when she was only 16 years old. and his condition, her boyfriend left her. but dispute all these, she gave a word to a boy and the saddest thing is that that child is not longer with maria. now, slowly, both of them tell each other all their sorrows. yet, david want to improve his relationship with jack, but because of his many words, he was not able to give time to jack. when he talked to jack, then jack does not talk to him. belen gets angry on him. the next day, david move out the town because of his work. maria and jack are now alone in the house. maria explained to jack that david love her very much and that he should talk to her better. while sleeping that night, jack sees maria's photo in his camera and then start imagining it. the next day, maria's ex-boyfriend come home to meet maria. then maria talks to her ex-boyfriend. this jack secretly listened to these two things. maria's ex-boyfriend tells maria that he still love her, and if she wants, they can still start afresh together. but maria doesn't want to be with him, and that's why she refuse him. after this, maria, ex-boyfriend, leave from there. now, the next day is Jack's birthday. when jack goes to the kitchen in the morning, maria will see, my birthday what jack tell her that he want to hug her and touch her. hearing all these, maria feel very strange, and she refused him. despite maria's refusal, jack tried to touch her. then Maria left him. when the door well rings. so maria goes and open the door. then there is a girl outside. it was the same girl that jack was talking to. then jack goes out with that girl. after that, jack doesn't spend much time with that girl, and he come back home. when he comes home, he sees that maria is crying. and he goes to her, and he try to talk her. jack tells maria that he is like her son, and that he want to hug her. maria agree after hearing this, and then both of them hug. only then jack start touching her. but now maria start liking it all, and she does not stop for touching jack. after a while, in the middle of all this, maria stop jack and leave from there. then jack goes after him. maria tells him that is all wrong. and i am 14 year old and you are just 18. we both have no future. then jack tried to convince maria with his words, and maria agree. then both are intimate together here. after being in teammate. maria's again explained to jack that he should behave well with his dad. the next morning, when maria is working in the kitchen, jack come from behind and hug her. in the meantime, his father come home. then quickly the two parted ways. after coming home, david was jack a verdean and give him his birthday gift. and then he invite jack go to for dinner with him. or jack refuse to go to dinner and leave from there in anger. then maria goes to him and try to convince him not to talk to his dad like this. and then the same night, jack goes to his father, and then would drink. after these, while having a drink, both of them expressed their heart here. david learned that he sons think he marries again because he don't love his mom. then david explained to his to jack that he marries a second time so that he could take care of you. in the end, david tells jack that he love him daily and that he always will. meanwhile, david falls asleep. then the next day, both maria and jack go to a park and spend time together. then maria take him to her house. the two come close in the house, and then maria tell jack that her son was killed in a road accident as a child. hearing this, jack hug him, and then both are intimate. there after that, jack come home and talk nicely to his dad for the first time. david is also overjoyed to see jack talking nicely. after the jax vacations ends and it is time for him to go back. then jackpack of his belonging and meet maria and kiss our goodbye before leaving. he then meets his dad, and he hugged him too. we learned from this that jack has forgave his father, and their relationship is fixed after all these. exactly from there, after these, we are so maria, who meets her mom. she tell her mom that she's pregnant. and then her mom hug her and start crying. and then maria got pregnant because of the jag. in the last scene, we are so maria, who is very happy because of her pregnant and the movie ends here. so i hope you enjoyed this video. so click any video of three them and enjoy next i see you soon. 