um thousands gathered in the bay area last night to honor the victims of the 2014 attacks. monarch be held accountable to locate and track godzilla, who hasn't been seen in over five years. she was sleeping like a baby until an hour ago, and then, boom. my radiation levels went through the roof. incredible, activating containment. grace. [Music]. only that emma and madison were the only ones taking the orca. uh, that's why we think they don't replicate the bio sonar the titans used to communicate. i know what the hell it is. i helped build a prototype. emma always said, no one knew the old car better than you. it shouldn't even exist. it's to create the orca's signal, baseline frequency that all the creatures respond to. how many of these things are there? 17. alan jonah, a former british army colonel turned eco-terrorist, obsessed with restoring the matter. it allows us to track him, even to get his vitals. he's looking for something out there. it could be the orca monster zoo. it may have been a rival outfit. to go through it's a hollow earth, that's how he moves around. so fast using these underwater tunnels. emma madison, let's go run. what are you waiting for? wake it up. [Music] so [Music] so [Applause], i'm saving the world, but by releasing those things, that doesn't make sense. after we lost andrew, i swore his death would not be in vain. humans have been the dominant species for thousands of years, and look what's happening. pollution, war. we are the infection. they are part of the earth's natural defense system. a way to protect the planet. our planet will perish unless we restore balance. san francisco, las vegas. wherever the titans go, life follows. using the orca, we will return to a natural order. you came to me. this is your plan. [Music]. local legends call it rodent the fighting. we've lost the squadron eta to monster zero thirty seconds, an oxygen destroyer designed to exterminate all life forms within a two-mile radius. [Music], can you locate [Music], i thought we were going to release them live the gradually. i said we were doing this for andrew. it tells of a great dragon who fell from the stars, a hydro a false king, an invasive species, kidora, the one who is many, all under attack on every continent. the titans are triggering earthquakes, wildfires, tsunamis. they're hunting and this gador is the new alpha. and all all the other creatures are just doing his bidding. we killed our best shot at beating this thing. i could use the stadium to amplify a signal that might stop these attacks. [Music], symbiotic relationships between two different species aren't all that uncommon. we could help them. they want to bring godzilla back from the dead. [Music], oh my the source of the radiation, that's why he returned. here. he's feeding. this process could take years. we have to proceed as black. our weapon systems were damaged during the crash. we can't launch. i don't know. [Music], the creatures going from destructive to docile within minutes. my notes. are you sure? [Music], sarah, oh my god. [Music], i already lost one child. i'm not losing another. [Music], as those radiation levels are going through the roof, we got about 12 minutes before it goes thermonuclear. what do you think? [Music], well, she's not there. [Music], come on. you sure about this? it's the only way to save them. we fix it. get on the osprey and draw that thing away from godzilla. that's it. that's it, emma. let's go. come on. long live. we'll take it. [Music]. 