welcome to slash forward. this week we're gonna dive deep into the darkness of men's minds by observing some serial killers as they go about their daily business, starting with Tony. let's get to it. we open on Tony, a sad boy wandering the streets alone, left to wonder if he'll ever find what he's looking for. we see that his home life is grim, and despite this, he maintains all the typical pillars of masculinity, violence, sex, whooping. we also see that he is, in his own way, able to forge and maintain lasting social connections, or do things better karate or comfo. I'll see you then, marceia, tomorrow. so that's good. I mean, at least he's better than these two gutter pigs, right? he enjoys his nibbles as he takes in the show, but his attention is unappreciated, and he's a ejected from the facility for violating social distancing rules. he finds himself at a phone booth, casually perusing available sex services. when he meets some stand-up blokes in need of some change. after this demonstration of trustworthiness, they agree to take him to where he can score some drugs. they get there and walk into a somewhat sketchy situation before connecting with the man in charge, who hooks them up, and where Tony finds a precious treasure to tuck away into his memory for later. now flush with smack, he invites his pals to his flat, where he struggles with some of the social niceties. he offers them a selection from his cornucopia of action films, and honestly, his taste is impeccable. however, they forego this out of an honest eagerness to get blasted. and they make this stuff look glamorous as they drift off to Dreamland. Tony helps to ensure it's a one-way ticket with a permanent stay. he ends up letting his best best friend live with a warning, but forces him to watch from the closet as he redecorate his mancave. the junkie hops out of the closet and tries to escape, which isn't very friendly. but if he doesn't truly want to be there, why force it? later we see Tony prowling the streets seeking beers and company in the most noisy possible locations. but it works because he wakes up with a bunk buddy to keep him company as he proceeds through his day. we learned that he's sha shaking the bodies out of his flat, disposing of them bit by bit into the river. he's visited by a neighbor who's cut her finger and is searching for a spare plaster. Tony invites her and intends to her needs, which is kind of nice. they have a brief conversation, and despite his demeanor, she invites him to lunch on Sunday with a perhaps motivated by this warm interaction, we then find Tony at the employment office where his agent isn't sure what to do with him. he hasn't held a job in 20 years, but they want him off Jobseeker's Allowance. now that he's on their radar, they forced him to go to an interview for a job he doesn't want under threat of rescinding his benefits. despite his awkward and unpleasant manner, he basically nails the interview because his situation allows the tan owner to force him to settle for starting as an unpaid intern working 12-hour shifts. I mean, who would have thought that this guy was into exploitation? of course, his job is counterproductive, as holding the sign in the Sun for 12 hours bronzes him right up, reminding everyone why they don't need a tanning service. under stress from these new responsibilities, he dives deep into the world of pornography and sex work. although the price list proves to be a bit above his pay grade. he did the font pen and he's unnervingly concerned with her sexual history. so he gets thrown out and gets frustrated that he didn't get a chance to bust. predictably, he ends up at his reliable spot, where it doesn't take much to attract attention. he and his potential new paramour meet up the loo to talk about dance technique, and Alex introduces himself with a pre-wash handshake, demonstrating his comfort with touch and dicks. he's lured back into the nest where they get to druggin. but alex is much more assertive than his normal boys, forcing cuddles and punch dancing. Tony runs off distressed, but Alex takes this as a signal to prepare himself in the bedroom, he's distracted by the contents of the closet and gets pounded the next morning, finds that one guy looking for his son, Davey. he sees Tony, and it instantly flips his switch, assuming the weirdo must have done something after their encounter, Tony has to go home to talk himself up a bit, to replenish his self-esteem. the father arrives at his flat to apologise and begins pleading with him to get his son back, but Tony turns him away. he's then visited by an official running checks for derelicts with out of date licenses for their Telly's. Tony insists that he only watched his videos and refuses to sign the summons. so the official goes to put a boot on the TV. Tony stops him, and in the process, demonstrates that he doesn't respect the tap. the next day, he gets a visit from detective Reynolds, who he welcomes in. the detectives subjects him to several questions, which revolve around the matter of the missing boy. where was you at knowing murder in but not the boy? Reynolds goes off to find the source of a necrotic stench. in this tense moment, Tony hears him take a call, which confirms that little Davey has been found. he watches the sweet reunion from his windowsill. and with the boy found and the matter resolved, everything goes back to which, for Tony, involves murdering folks on the regular. and that was Tony, released in 2009. it provides a tense and provocative first-hand account from a cyclists perspective. I'll be it light on story. if you enjoy the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 