so there's a movie called love Simon that I thought was pretty good. I think some people are calling in an agenda movie, but I never get those memos. so to me, it was a solid rented teen drama that would have been a junior price, except for one little problem I have with it. let me explain. so if you don't know, this movie's about a dude in his senior year of college who's hiding a really, really big secret from his friends and family. nobody knows I'm gay. now, look, maybe it's me right. maybe I'm in the year thirty eighteen. but I was raised with that being a normal thing. I have a lot of friends, managers, pets, that have never had a problem mentioning it, because because we live like in progressive Ville, Illinois. in fact, I have so many friends that are gay, I'm the nervous one to come out. but look, that's not to say that this dude situation doesn't happen, right? I'm not downplaying it in any way, shape or form. I think that the movie actually tells it very well, and that's why the ending bugs me so much. you see, my dude here starts messaging another guy who's keeping it a secret. and he goes to the same school. so obviously he wants to figure out who it is. spoilers, by the way, because I know that some people skip the explain part, but you've been warned. see, throughout the whole movie, Simon's writing him letters, hence the title, love Simon. and he's trying to figure out who this guy is. he's got clues, like the dudes a fan of Game of Thrones, he likes Oreos, especially the Halloween ones. and during a party, he even starts hanging out with a dude who he's pretty sure is the guy, literally the entire night, only for this dude to end up making out with a girl. hmm. so since he's going through a checklist, right? and he keeps messaging this dude, it ends up narrowing it down more and more, right? he figures out that the guy's parents are getting divorced, that the guy is Jewish, that he'll be away for a weekend, which, of course, ends up limiting who it can possibly be at the school. but here's the thing, they hit you with a cop-out. at the end of the movie, Simon gets a secret spoiled by Lewis Stevens over here, who was blackmailing him so he can get some brown sugar. and so the email stopped because the secret guy doesn't want to get exposed. so what does Simon do? he goes, yo, I know you like Ferris wheels, and even though you're like super nervous to come out, yo, meet me at the public fair. well, be riding that ferris wheel for hours, waiting for you. in front of an audience, Simon's then going round and round like FlowRider, and people are just filming him as he gets stood up. and I right at the end, all right, when he's run out of tickets, this guy shows up. see, I thought the story was pretty solid, right? when he comes out to his friends and they feel betrayed because, you know, he wasn't honest to them, and he manipulated their friendship, I thought that was deep stuff, feigned sugarcoating. when his dad gets upset, it's not because he's a shame that his son is gay. he's ashamed that himself. he feels like he let his own son down for not recognizing it sooner, how to him the tears. but this ending is manipulative as can be. and look, I know this movie is meant for teams, but I don't think you got a dumb it down. this dude ain't Drake, he ain't Jewish. y'all just wanted a twist for the ending of this movie. I don't think it was necessary, especially when you look back at the party scene, right? and you remember that the entire time they were together, and since we now know that they were both gay, they would have been flirting with each other. they were singing karaoke. they were getting our physical so why would this do be smooching on a female? what do you didn't even have the time to meet her. I feel used. I know it's not a big deal to some people, but you know, when the movie really gets into the intricacies of the story, I don't get why they felt that the ending had to be so forced, right? but that's just me. love Ella, me. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. it sounds like I said. I liked the movie. I'm sure someone's gonna see this video and think, I don't know, just read the comments. you'll probably find something funny. but curious to know your thoughts on it. like I said, I don't know where they got to get some manipulatives. and that's another thing too. there was the the couple who was very keen when the dude was like, yo, she likes a coffee with cream. and they made like, a really big deal about it. you'll watch the ending of the movie. she ain't even drinking that coffee with cream, I'm telling you. yeah, they ran out of a budget or something. but the ending, they just stopped forgetting. they forgot the things that they had established in the beginning of the movie. but I recommend it. it's pretty good. let me know your thoughts down below. comment, like and subscribe, and I will send you a coffee with cream. 