[Music]. this man is performing magic. he asked the audience to choose a card at random. next second, the answer actually appeared directly on the building behind absolutely. this man is even more outrageous. feel free to snap your fingers. the woman next to me was directly hypnotized. husband is also controlled. told the little secret of betraying his wife on a cruise ship. the other brother is also performing magic. he said, who can crack this trick? get rewards? unexpectedly, someone really discovered the mystery. ah, you hid the spoon. look, there are sentences and spoon handles. but soon the man found something wrong. my money is gone. turns out this is the real magic. everything just now it's all blindfold in a stadium. this woman is also performing magic. she is locked by a big chain. did not escape the aquarium. within a minute, the piranha above his head bite into pieces. less than 20 seconds, she successfully removed the shackles from her hands. when it's on your feet, but i can't open it anyhow, she called for help. the people present were terrified at the juncture, she finally broke free, but it's too late. but i didn't expect the next second, she actually appeared directly in the crowd, unscathed. this is the most superb magic show. escape. queen lily, blindfold master shouji, master hypnosis, lao jin, and the poker king, danny. these four scattered all over the country, top magic performers, because of the same invitation, gathered together. the inviter is a top magic club, yimoyan. join the magic eye is the lifelong dream of every magician. the four did not hesitate, rushed to the agreed place, but the scene was empty. the inviter did not show up. only left one device. inside is a plan for three magic shows. only to complete these three magic to join the magic eye. three magic one is harder than the other. after a year of hard work, they are finally ready for the first rob the bank in the air, that is, without leaving the performance venue, transfer all the bank notes in a bank, transfer to the scene. everyone exclaimed that it's impossible. four people are confident. randomly select a spectator at the scene, then ask the other party to randomly talk about a bank as their goal tonight. unexpectedly, men deliberately increase the difficulty. want to go to a bank in paris, in the us. grab a french bank. this is never possible. the group of four is not in a hurry. let the man sign the name on the card, then bring their device, standing on the instrument. people are still wondering what will happen. result. next second, the man disappeared. in an instant, everyone thought it was a performance accident. the image of the man suddenly appeared on the big screen. he went straight to inside that french bank. even the signature card just now, it's exactly the same as the show ticket. danny asked him to throw things in, then press the button on the device. all the banknotes were actually transferred to the scene. incredible over the bank of france. when they found everything, they called the police quickly and assigned a policewoman, beautiful, go to the u.s for a collaborative investigation. can detect long beard and beauty. after arresting the four people for interrogation together, not only did not find anything, i was teased, no way. they can only release a group of four go to help old black. old black was also a magician. later i changed my career and became a magic terror dedicated to reveal complex magic, the magic of the foursome. he already knows the answer. he took the two back to the venue. let the beard repeat the magic process at that time. then i prefer to take the stairs to the bank. original they did not travel to france at all. scene of everything are arranged in advance. the randomly selected viewer, not random. they lock the target ahead of time, constantly create opportunities to meet with them, and then various hints to him. let him on the court. name the bank. naturally, beard suddenly realized. but he still doesn't understand things in the bank. why didn't you really see it? glitter paper. magician's favorite. they hypnotized the staff in advance, then mix into the transporter, take the opportunity to steal huge sums of money, use glitter paper to make it fake. this is the truth. the group of four did commit a crime, but beard still couldn't arrest them because he has no solid evidence. and at this moment, the second magic of the foursome is about to begin. they rushed to the scene immediately, determined to have the evidence. the second magic call, deposit game. lao jin asked the audience to write down the deposits in their accounts. then he guessed, no doubt, guess all. then they invited their investment boss to the stage and guessed the deposit in his account. at this moment, the magical scene appeared. wealthy deposit, it turned out to be reduced by 70 000, out of thin air. original these money all changed to the woman's account. soon everyone present received text messages. wealthy deposit all transferred to each of them. for a moment, he became a popper. he was furious, but the four-person group was over. gorgeous curtain call beard hurried out to block up. they still escaped. he thumped his chest. the four commit crimes under the nose again. i didn't find any footwork. and the motives of several people also confuses him. rob the bank and rich people's deposits. as a result, all money is given to the audience. is it robbing the rich and helping the poor is their true purpose? at this moment, they suddenly received a clue from the four-member group. the two hurried away, but the other party also heard the wind bugger ahead. on the run, xiaoji died unexpectedly. the remaining three successfully escaped. they are in great grief. after mourning. a friend ready to open the third one immediately and the last magic show. but at this moment, the bearded informant sends a secret report again, said that i have mastered three people. next action plan, their next magic is going to grab a lockbox in a warehouse. the bearded people rush to the warehouse. but i didn't expect. i'm still a step late. the guard said, just now they received an order from the upper level, request to send the box to a square. beard hurried out to stop. they are hypnotized by lao jin did a stupid thing. but suddenly he got a good idea. deliberately sent the password box to the square. we'll count look at the remaining three. what tricks can you make to the square? beard is being carefully deployed. lao hay stopped him. you are hopeless. beard does not want to believe, but the truth is, he again been tricked. was asked. suddenly lights up three gorgeous appearances. beard and beauty follow the source of the sound. finally found a place. the three of them are nowhere to be seen. they moved to the final stage long ago, ready for the ultimate show. good evening, everybody. welcome everyone to watch the show. the two arrived in a hurry, but it's too late. no, the three of them are flying in the sky, dissipated in the vast night sky. once again, succeeded by the enemy. beard, disappointed, can take a closer look. found out that this is not the case. and the other side, the old black, is about to leave. after watching the magic result, you are arrested in prison. he desperately explained, say that i know the principle of the whole magic. then the password box is not lost at all. the three created a trap, deceived everyone's eyes. after the staff is hypnotized away, xiaoji appears, assist from outside. successfully stole the password box. beard does not believe xiaoji died in a car accident long ago, but old black said that's also their deceptive trick. chasing xiaoji was actually secretly dropped. the one who died is a dummy. lau haye explained everything, waiting for beard to let him out. but suddenly the beard disappeared. he can't believe it. what do you want from me? i want you to stay here for the rest of your life, to reflect on yourself. the other side, the group of four gathers again. a man appeared in front of them turned out to be a beard original. the inviter behind the scenes just keep chasing their beards. then his father was an excellent magician. as a result, the magic was all revealed by the old black, caused its career to be hit hard. no way. dad took the risk challenge the magic that the old black would never be able to solve, escape from the bottom of the river in an airtight iron box. but i didn't expect, because iron box props are shoddy, dad failed. tacked drowning family looking for bank claims insurance. the result was rejected. cause their family to be destroyed. the chosen man, the black-hearted vendor who provided iron boxes back then, that french bank, the bank that refused to pay compensation back then. and the person in charge of the insurance company is the rich boss who invested in them. all the audience present sung has taken out his family's insurance after the accident, no one got the compensation they deserved. beard recruits the four-member group do this series of amazing magic. in fact, to complete the scene, planning a meticulous revenge. for decades, revenge. the magic show has also come to an end. but the story of the foursome and the magic eye. it's 