Jerry, I think I'm high. oh, good. more. Jerry. hey everybody. welcome back. Greg and Ryan here for another breakdown of Twin Peaks, the return. this is episode 7. but before I get started, hit that subscribe button for more from gamespot universe. we've got American Gods, Fargo and a lot more now. but squeeze our hands off and get into episode 7. that's a reference to the road. yeah, the bulb. bulb, yeah, the in the in the sidewalk, guys, yeah, that's me. [Music]. okay, right from the start we got the missing pages - Laura Palmer's diary. I thought they're going to take 8 episodes before they came back to these pages, but now they start writing to it. everything about this episode, they really just went right into expository momentum from beginning. yeah. the plot moves pretty quickly in this episode, unlike a lot of the previous now, there also isn't a lot that we learn from it either. I mean, we just get the pages, and the only one we see very closely is where she describes her dream with Annie Frank is basically the audience in that scene where Hawkes like, so here's what happened 26 years ago. for everyone, you may have forgot that this is her diary, and we're just going to go from there. and this is based on with the log lady told me, with one slight additional detail, which was just that there is one more missing page, and we'll see that episode 17. somewhere they had 10 episodes from Ann Perkins, muttering, this is so weird to see so much momentum, everything kicking in, absolutely okay. this week you've got Lynch working with themes the way he likes to wear. you just got a little bit of the theme everywhere you look. and this week, investigations and detectives are a very big role in your show. yes. you got 20 sheriff's doing their work. you got the FBI doing their work, you got the Air Force doing their investigation, and you got the Cusco brothers. I guess you won't have any trouble collecting the insurance, huh? rich em up in Twin Peaks, you've got Andy Brennan who goes out looking for the truck that hit the kid last week. he meets the owner of the trucks, and the owner the truck is scared to death to talk about the truck at all and ask him to meet later at 4:30. you know he's not going to make it. they're up and I'll tell you everything if you just meet me at this location. he is long gone and six feet under somewhere at this point, probably probably Richard. knew Linda. hmm, probably just Richard. and then you got Frank with an awesome computer that pops up out of the wood grain. oh, that was great. I want that in my house. yeah, I love the the Truman bat-computer. but who would be talking to you? doc Edward got docked a word on hillbilly duck. mm-hmm. quick side note, this episode was dedicated to Warren Frost. he plays a word who is Mark cross? is Dan, who passed away in January. once again, another posthumous appearance in the series where we just keep losing actors as we go now, doc Hayward talks to Truman about the last time he saw Dale Cooper, which was after coop came out of the black lodge and was acting strangely in the hospital. and says he turned him and he looked at me and saw that strange face again. he also confirmed that Audrey Horne survived the explosion at the bank and ended up in a coma. he brings up a deal, went to go visit her too, which brings in all kind of weird and creepy things that he could have did in that room. but most likely, it's probably a sexual assault, rape, which is how we got Richard Horne. this isn't the only case. they brought this up twice this episode, about right - we're going to get to the other one in a minute. okay, next we go back to Buckhorn, South Dakota, where lieutenant Knox of the air force has finally arrived to inspect the body of major Briggs. I was right. yeah. the weird thing about that body it hasn't aged. I bet that has something to do with the white lodge boat. my mom also, during the sequence, lieutenant Knox goes out to make a phone call to Colonel Davis. yeah. and while she's on the phone, and this music comes in, and we see the scary guy in the background. it looks a lot like the guy in the jail cell from when Hastings was in jail. I think it's the same guy. I don't know we should call the outside. I'm going to call him the man behind link. we've seen entities kind of like this before. we had Chester Desmond character interacting with a bruised woman covering up her face. do you know Teresa banks, right? the charred, black skin seems to be the telltale thing. yes? and always somebody who's sick, outwardly downtrodden, like a homeless person or a vagrant perhaps. again, I think these characters have something to do with the Black Lodge. I've a feeling that guy probably killed me - Briggs on behalf of Bob and one of the guys, maybe in firewalls room. I'm going to go out, way out on a limb and take from Mulholland Drive that he's the one who's doing it, and say, maybe this guy is the billionaire. anyway, despite all of that kind of crazy, wacky theory stuff, what a lot of this does confirm is a lot of the connections we've already been talking about black ghost, or the man behind Winkies, or whatever we call him. we've seen him in two places now for sure, maybe even a third. and that ties us to Hastings. Hastings Secretariat's who ray was going to see, and who Bob Cooper was looking to get ahold of Bob Cooper's plotline was a big part of this episode. we spent a lot of time there. and it moves the plot for that character along very quickly. yeah, speaking of the expository momentum we mentioned before, so he breaks out of prison this time. and part of that is manipulating the warden Murphy, which we talked about in the past. I said before that mr. strawberry was probably a red herring, but I did also say, I'm trying to defend myself here, I did also say that he was definitely manipulating the warden on purpose. and that still comes through. what I didn't know, what I didn't expect, was how premeditated it was. because once he starts talking about doglegs, we remember the evidence when he was first brought into the prison. yeah, all that Joe McCloskey stuff. I don't think there's gonna be like, flashback or anything on that. they just wanted to establish this guy's like, oh, I have to let him out. whatever's going on there is more important than leaving Bob and prison. so he wants them out. he doesn't care. and I think it's also important to point out how calculating Bob Cooper. actually, it's like he's at this point becoming like a Keyser s\xc3\xb6ze in the story where these things are planned. going back, looking at all the episodes, it's more and more likely that Bob had something to do with almost everything that we've seen so far. he could be the billionaire. we saw a picture of him that looks like the villain for back or III or something. right? when Cole and Tammy and Albert are on the plane, they look at the photo of him, and he's in South America, and he's looking pretty pimped out. now, I was thinking for the longest time that this sort of Bob Cooper was just a, for the last 25 years, this lowlife thug that had just been a part of, you know, gambling, prostitution and drugs, you uh, the hole, all that stuff, yeah, and backwater hillbilly stuff. but that picture totally changes that narrative. now, that does bring us back to the airplane and somebody else that we've been talking about, which is Diane cutie. Cole convinces Albert to go with him to try, once again, to convince Diane to help them. yeah, and then it works. and once we managed to get her all the way to South Dakota, where she finally talks to the bad Cooper again. the plot moves quickly in this one. now, the dialogue in that scene makes you wonder if he raped her, or something happen. and he probably wants to go see her to go get those hey, I got the impression that she was trying to verify that it was Dale who then was referring to a time when it should have been Dale, who are you? alternatively, it's possible that Diane has some understanding of the different Cooper's and would be testing the otherwise say that it was the badly. so after the interrogation, they're talking outside, and Diane's big sort of privately to cold, yeah. then she says, you and I love to talk sometime. now, to me, that's like straight up out of a horror film. was, I'll be right back right that talk may not happen. and I'm going, she's probably, you know, I I think that's a possibility, because it looks like Bob will come after her now that she's been brought to the area. but I hope that's not true. I hope we get this, I hope so. I hope it's not true. the other thing to bring up is to walk back just a little bit to when they're on the plane. here we learn how Cole already knew that something was wrong. he didn't tip this hand in Episode four, but he explains to Tammy how they had sort of, like, not a safe word, but it's a phrase that was basically, I think, understood between Cooper and Cole. and when Cooper delivered the phrase with a backwards word in it, old friend from this cult, to tell something was wrong in this, he explains to Tammy, in the fingers, I'm very, very happy to see you again, old friend. this is the spiritual mound, the spiritual finger. you think about that, Tammy, it's cool that everyone's actually believe in this, and no one's going to sniffing it, even Frank. I thought Frank would be like, and whatever. Laura Palmer's diary, this has nothing to do it. everyone is under the impression that something spiritual, otherworldly is going on, right? it's just like how everybody just doesn't even question why dougie is the way dougie. yeah, we get a couple of significant scenes with dougie. Jones this episode as well. one of them involves the bumbling Fusco brothers. and yet another wonderful delivery about economics and society from Janie II, there's more to life than cars. too many cards. too much going on. and Doug, it's been under a lot of stress lately, if you want to know the truth. so if I that scene leads us into the next very important scene, probably arguably the most important scene with dougie so far. he goes all Jason Bourne, history of violence on Ike, right to the net. people are noticing, what the hell is that big nose on the guns? that's his skin. that is actually I skin. if you freeze it, if you go through that thing, you can tell it's a skin ripping off during the struggle. the evolved arm is telling, presumably Dale to squeeze his hand off. what squeezed his hand off? and sure enough, II does squeeze some of his hand off onto the handle of that gun. and then one more side note about that scene. between my cover on a another video down the road, is the presence of the red balloon. also nothing. yeah, I have a feeling those balloons have something to do with impending doom of war violence to come. we'll see. I can see that. let us know what you think about the red balloons down in the comments. finally, we have that over team minute scene of the sweeping of the peanuts and leaves. I thought they're gonna end it there. I thought they're just gonna, okay, here we go here. and it just keeps going. how everyone thinks it's just a metaphor for the show itself. and now, yes, we know the storylines have taken forever to go around, but it's starting to come together. everything sweeping together. all the plots are coming to one. everything is converging. it to Twin Peaks, which makes me think it might also be sort of a metaphor for we're finishing up with the old stuff, and we're going to move on with the new stuff. I hope. right after that we get really properly introduced to John Michell right now, which is yet another Renault brother who is running the Roadhouse, and it's still running a prostitution ring. okay, now, some Easter eggs from this episode and some observations moving in the next episode. what did you notice? very well, right off the top, we got Gordon whistling the intro to angle by Rammstein [Music], which is angel. I don't know what that's going anywhere, but that's awesome. I think that might also be a sound sample, adding something. not sure, maybe. now, the same Keynes like for that. got a corncob poster. Garmin bozhe, maybe. because right before you see the Quan Chi poster, what you see the black goats walking to the hall. okay, I can. I can get behind that pain and sorrow is coming. it's building. I can kind of get it. there's corn cob. there's the mushroom cloud. okay, look, we see the return of Ben Horne and Ashley Judd at the Great Northern. Beverly, yes. and we also see the return of the key. the key has finally made it to the Great Northern. and you also noted something else. okay, so everyone point out, like those sounds are coming from that world. and is Josie Packard stuck in the wall? maybe, but that actress isn't coming back. that noise in the room, I'm 90% certain that's a Tibetan meditation bulb just going around and around around, meditation. and is a big part of David Lynch's just personal philosophy and outlook on life, yes, and sort of seeped its way into his work. the theme again, with the bad and it goes all the way back to L Cooper, if again, laid still, Dale Cooper wants to wake up. he's got to go to Twin Peaks. dougie Jones, has to be a way to get to 20. ok? the last sort of Easter Egg is in the rni, our diner, and the song sleepwalk is playing. and you notice something that I didn't even pick up on, right in the background. you get here, Bala will make you school. just at the very end of that. team the whole episode gave off the vibe that something Bad's about the abbot, and also just some of the great benefits of David Lynch doing his own sound mixing. so some of the things that we have to think about for next episode include, when bad Cooper was talking to warden Murphy, he was making his request, he wanted a car. he also wanted a friend in the glove compartment, raided honor. that's totally a Jackie Brown kind of vibe there. yeah, Rey's done after he gets his information. the episode also opened with Jerry Horne out in the woods. very comical phone call with Ben. but there's something about that that same might not just been him high, right? he could have went to the White Lodge for all we know, right? there's definitely an indication that something happened out there in the woods and he lost his car, and he doesn't know where he is. it just seems like the we're supposed to think that he just got high. but there's got to be more to that story. also, at the very, very end of the episode, we're at the are in our diner when somebody just burst into the diner and says, now, in the credits, being is played by Riley Lynch. we saw him once in the Roadhouse, already performing. now, that performance scene is very weird. if you go back and look at it, the lighting, everything is very black logy. I think it has more to do, again, with that sparkle drug and more to do with the game from the violence going on. yeah, that's like total left-field. although I would say that, and I know I'm often wrong about these things, if it doesn't have any plot line to it, it might just be a call-out to the fact that there's no musical scene to end this episode. and there's it's basically a guy who's running and saying, where's the musical scene? and then run. that also, people notice with a slight change in that diner shot. the beginning of the shot, you can see people sitting down the table, he screams, worth being and then it changes. I think that's just a continuity error with the editors. they need a clean shot, and I think that was the best one they had for the opening. then they just cut back and forth, right? it could just be one establishing shot than the other shots that are effectively the scene. but if you want to say that it doesn't mean anything, that really, you died on that hill this week, not me. I'm all for it. before we're done for the week, we wanted to get some of your comments that we liked the most, that made us think a little bit more. from Jen Johan to hit us up on Twitter. last week, did you catch the clue of sunny Jim reading Hardy Boys secret of the Old Mill? now, I'm glad somebody caught that, because I was sticking in the back of my mind, it was in my notes, what the heck of that book? and I'm glad somebody caught it. but also things kind of cool. is it the secret of the old mill like that takes us back to the like feuding between the Packard's and the horns, and the rich history of logging and Twin Peaks. and of course, the burning of the Old Mill. those are all blue bucks, far away. hey. now, most people are getting very tired of dougie Jones, and a lot of you were predicting very hopefully that the encounter with Ike to spike would snap dougie out of it and bring Dale Cooper back. Jason holder said, since you asked, I think it will be a murder attempt by the ice pick assess, and that will wake dougie in the coop. wake up, don't die. well, unfortunately, that didn't happen. I thought that would be the case. I died really wake up on that. another commenter pointed out that it could be the trees. you beyond something here. give all the way back to the first time we reduced to Debbie Jones. we need to with Jay to the caller, ID, what do you see? what the first thing he looks up and sees Sycamore. dougie Jones like to go back in time. Peaks came out of it. I'm sort of in the camp at this point that if, like the spike didn't do it, we might be in for the long haul. and to that end, there are some of you out there who have gotten used to dougie resisting. one says, I don't know about all of you, but I'm enjoying the fruitcake Cooper / dougie character. and maybe that's the attitude all the rest of you need to adopt for the next, I don't know, maybe 10 episodes, who knows. oh, and the last one we want to leave you with came from night ish in the YouTube comments and said, one thing that you missed. quote, I already brushed my teeth as the first ever dialogue, sonny jim. jim says, in the season quote, i think the brush my teeth was the last line of cooper in season two. that is an awesome observation that i think both of us missed. and that's what i love about having you guys down in the comments helping us out keep it going. thank you so much for watching. make sure to hit us up in the comment section down below. we missed it only. make sure to subscribe while you're at it. you can also hit us on Twitter. our handles are in the description below, yes. and as always, you can hear the GameSpot universe later 