the man is jim, and he was desperate. he has been hibernating on a spaceship for 30 years. but suddenly he woke up. all of the other passengers were still sleeping, and the spaceship was still flying. jim came to the observatory. the system told him that the spaceship was coming from earth to a new planet. it has been 30 years and there were 90 more jim was dumbfounded. he woke up too early. jim started to save himself. he took the elevator to the central hall, looking for the crew, but he found no one. he wanted to meet the captain, but he found out that he did not have permission to enter the captain's residence. he wanted to contact the earth and said that he has an emergency situation. he woke up too early. he needed to continue hibernating. the message was sent successfully. the system told him that the message would come to earth 19 years later. jim will receive the answer after 55 years. it was too much for a joke. finally, jim met an employee at the spaceship bar. he found himself to be excited too soon, because this employee was just a robot. jim told the robot about his situation, but it said the hibernation room was very safe. there wasn't any mistake. jim did not give up. he found an instruction book on how to control the hibernation room. after trying, he fell into the hibernation room, but he could not hibernate. he almost suffocated in it. he arrived in front of the restroom, wanting to use methods like chisels or welding to open the door, but still, it was useless. jim desperately went to the bar to drink alcohol. the robot advised him not to worry about things that he cannot control and to live with the present. after listening, jim understood something. he opened the door to a luxurious room and began to enjoy this lavish but free ride. he played basketball, a chinese food, learned to dance, watched movies. just like that, he lived a bland year. he became homeless in the universe. one day he found some more interesting stuff. he discovered two modern astronaut suits. he put it on out of curiosity and carefully stepped out of the compartment. he discovered a beautiful, cosmic world. he turned off the gravity control button. his body was flowing in space. such a beautiful scene that was, but he has no one to share with. he cried. after returning to the spaceship, he discovered a beautiful woman in hibernation, aurora. a cruel thought appeared in his mind. he searched for information about her and found out that she was an author in new york. she was an adventurous girl in the bar. he mentioned aurora to the staff, said that he liked her. he returned to his room and found the control book for the hibernation room. he wanted her by his side. he tried to forget this thought, but he was too lonely. once that cruel thought arose, it cannot be ignored. he decided to follow the instructions in the book. he walked over to aurora's dormitory, picked up a board and successfully woke aurora up. to avoid being discovered. jim quickly cleaned up the toolbox and returned to his room. after a while, he arrived at the central hall and found aurora was awakened. jim told aurora that on the ship there were only the two of them. got up earlier than expected. she understood her dangerous situation and thought of ways to save herself. but jim said he had used up all the ways. there was no way to sleep again. aurora began to live in space. she likes to run, swim, write novels and sometimes eat with gym aurora asked jim, why were you on this 120-year trip? so wear an astronaut suit and flew together in space. the universe is beautiful and romantic. aurora was completely shaken. everything happened spontaneously. aurora showed jim her novels. standing in front of the observation window, the two people leaned against each other and watched the giant planet. everything seemed so sweet. but unexpectedly, it was aurora's birthday that day, and jim had a fabulous dinner for her. jim went to the bathroom and got his wedding ring prepared. the robot staff told jim's secret to aurora. aurora shattered. now her life has been ruined by jim. aurora angrily left him away from me. jim apologized to aurora over the radio. aurora miserably replied that he stole her life. that night, aurora desperately went to jim's room and beat jim fiercely. the two became two strangers with the closest distance. the spaceship was having a lot of trouble. one day a man appeared on the spaceship. he was the captain, the third person who had been accidentally awakened. jim and aurora saw hope. under the captain's instructions, they decided to inspect the entire ship. but unfortunately, the captain began to experience headaches and began to vomit blood. the automatic treatment room found the ship captain to have 612 diseases. this was caused by the hibernation problem. the captain knew that he did not have much time before he died. he gave the captain's strap to jim and told the two to take care of each other and repair the ship. the ship has more and more serious problems. the bar staff also started to encounter the error. when aurora was swimming, the ship's gravity started to disappear. she was trapped in a giant water bubble. she almost drowned. together, they find the place where the problems occurred. it turned out that two years ago, a meteorite crashed into the hull, left a large hole that caused all of this. aurora thought, they can't fix it. but jim did not give up. at first, he repaired his computer with a spare toolbox, but failed to repair the exhaust system. jim decided to go out to the spaceship to fix it. the two helped each other on and off the spaceship. finally, they fixed the exhaust system, but jim was pushed into space by a blast of air. aurora, dressed in an astronaut suit, ventured to save jim, but jim stopped breathing. aurora cried and pressed frantically on the healing chamber. a miracle appeared. jim opened his eyes again. at the end of the movie, jim successfully proposed to aurora. two lonely souls who have been through life and death chose to be together. we used to think that ourselves is the controller of destiny, but in the end, we will find out that we are just a passenger of destiny. don't keep thinking about the destination and forget the enjoyment of the present. 