welcome to the man of recaps. this is Westworld, season 3, episode 1. it's been 2 years, so if you've forgotten everything that happened in season 2, check out my recap. but basically, as the host became self-aware, they took over Westworld, killed a bunch of people, and dolores escaped to the mainland. Toto, we're not in Kansas anymore. we start with some douchebag billionaire, one of the co-owners of del owes, the parent company at Westworld. and we are fully in the future here. he's got hologram glasses. he takes a little computer chip wafer thing before bed that's theoretically gonna help him get a good night's sleep. Oh, we'll see more of those later. but everything in his house is computer controlled, so if someone hacks it, they can totally take over. there's a mysterious woman swimming in his pool. it is Dolores. she remembers this guy from his trip to West world, where he classically raped her in the barn, which is what so many terrible people apparently did when there were in West's world, and there are no consequences. she also knows everything about this guy, because she read his book. that's the data the park was secretly collecting on all the guests. that's basically a full breakdown of his personality in life. she also torments him with his Hall of glasses, showing him his dead ex-wife, who slipped and fell in the pool. but she knows it was him. Dolores is here for more than just revenge though. now that she's in the real world, she realized that she needs money. but more than money, she wants information on a company he used to work for, insight. so he transfers it all to her. and she's true to her word. she's gonna let him live. but he grabs the golf club, gonna come get her. but so it was a trick. Dolores knew he would do that and sent her hologram off ahead. so he's dead in the pool, just like his ex-wife. gotten what he deserves. now made a new main character for this season. yeah. Aaron Paula has joined the show. his name's Caleb, and we get voiceover throughout his scenes of him on a phone call with his best friend, Francis. Francis calls a lot to check in on him, make sure he's doing okay, like a big brother type of guy. talent. Francis were in the military together, and he's having a hard time adjusting to being back home. he lives in future Los Angeles where he works a crappy construction job with a robot sidekick. he's got a sick mother. we see her taking one of the computer chip wafers - yeah. apparently most people have some sort of an implant now, and these things work like pills, but instead of pharmaceutical, they're like electronic. Francis asks if Caleb's gonna get his implant turned back on, but Caleb's not interested. he likes his off. his mom says, you're not my son. so maybe she has some sort of dementia, or maybe he's a robot. I mean, who knows. with this show, to make extra money, Caleb does side jobs at night, but he's not driving uber. it's a crime app yeah, they've got real-life GTA. you just pull up what crimes you want to do, and they transfer the money to your account. he's partnered on this gig with this girl who he's actually worked with before, and also football star Marshawn Lynch, who's wearing a hilarious shirt that lights up what mood he's in. they talk about getting their stats up by doing more personals. caleb doesn't do personals. i assume they're actual bad crimes, like against people. but he's totally fine with this job. they're blowing up an ATM. Cal applies to legitimate jobs, to trying to play by the rules and raise his score in the real world. he mentions how everything's run by an algorithm these days that theoretically puts people like in the jobs where they belong most. but Cal gets the robo call, hey, we loved your application. unfortunately we don't have anything for you right now. ah, this algorithm leaving. Cal binds. oh, he's going back to the crime app now. flying into delos headquarters, it's Charlotte Hale. remember last season, Dolores was in a Charlotte Hale host body and killed the real one. so who is this Charlotte Hale? is it still actually Dolores, or is it a new Charlotte Hale personality, Dolores maid? we don't know. but either way, she's definitely a robot on Dolores his side. so this is a powerful place to be. it's been three months since the west-world massacre, and the company is still reeling. board wants to shut town Westworld entirely, sell everything for parts. but Charlotte's like, hey, there's no such thing as bad press. she wants to take the company private and double down on Westworld technology. but she needs the support of an absent board member. it's probably William, the man in black. well, he's gone. no, it looks like a computer program gets to vote for him, and it supports Charlotte. the whole Westworld massacre, by the way, is getting blamed on one person, Bernard. Bernard, sinful Pharaoh's farmer mo. he's shaved his head, grown an epic beard. I mean, Bernard lookin sexy at night. he does Diagnostics on himself, asking if anyone else is tampered with him. lately, he's been controlled and reprogrammed and memory wiped so many times he doesn't trust himself anymore. he's living off the grid under a fake name, because he's still a very wanted man. unfortunately, some of Bernards co-workers recognize him one day, want to turn him in for the reward. in fact, this is exactly the scene from The Ed Norton Incredible Hulk movie, including the part where Bernard turns off his inhibitors or whatever, and totally Hulk's out. back to Dolores, enjoying the future of self-driving cars and awesome color-changing dresses. she's found the CEO of insight, Liam Dempsey, and is, in fact, dating him. now, his drunk friend voices a fan theory a lot of people have, that this real world is not the real world, it's just another simulation, or maybe future world in the park. but Dolores is like, nah, I don't think so. Liam takes her to inside headquarters and shows her their massive computer AI called Robo Rehoboam. I had to rewind and put on subtitles. in any case, this is the super AI that's running the algorithms that Caleb was talking about. apparently it's optimized the world and a lot of great ways with like traffic patterns and city building. but you know, it's a little dystopian to have your fate decided by a computer. now, Liam Scottish, head of security, interrupts him. apparently he's got a meeting right now. Flores wants to follow him, so she talks to her virtual assistant that's like, hey, steal me a motorcycle. yeah. Dolores basically has superpowers. in this futuristic everything's controlled by computer world. she gets in position to spy on his meeting with this other woman. apparently she represents a partner company or something, worried about some weird anomalies they've seen in Rehoboam lately. Dolores gets Liam talking about it. and apparently he has no power over a hobo him at all. it was his dad that created it. Liam is locked out. her hobo was basically running itself. the only person with access is his dad's mysterious partner. just then, Scottish security guy comes in and tases Dolores. he just found out her identity is fake. he doesn't know she's a robot though. assume she's just, you know, a gold digger or a corporate espionage person. they intercepted a text she sent earlier telling someone to meet her under the bridge. she was gonna kidnap Liam and bring him there. Caleb's crime job tonight was to grab an SUV and deliver something. turns out the job was posted by Scottish security guy, bringing it to where him and Dolores are. kyle realizes something's off here. he's like, hey, I don't do personals. I hope no one's getting hurt. this guy puts a gun in his face, but Cal's totally unfazed. mentions he didn't sha tin the head before. another hint that he's secretly a robot. or maybe that's just, you know, how he was injured in the army. Kyle decides to pick up a call from Francis. and Francis is like, hey, you know how we talked about how the game is rigged? you said they built the world to be a game and then they rigged it to make sure they always wanted me but you know, I was thinking, like, you still got a play though. but Kyle's like, nah, man. that's not what the real Francis used to think. yeah. turns out Francis died back in the military. this is some sort of computer program that, you know, it's supposed to help you therapy by talking to your old friends. Kyle's like, I can't do this anymore. I gotta find something real. and in a heartbreaking moment, he has to unsubscribe from calls from his dead best friend. they bring an unconscious Dolores to where she was gonna meet her friend, but no one shows up, so it's time to kill her. they're gonna pump her full of drugs make it look like an overdose, classic. but they've given her a lot, and Dolores is still fine. yeah, Dolores has been faking the whole time. she bust out of there, and it's an epic one-shot action scene while she takes out all these guys. turns out Dolores wasn't planning to kidnap Liam. she was planning to capture Scottish security guy. and the friend she was meeting was a robot version of him. boom, he's taken out by his robot copy. Dolores is going around replacing powerful people with her own robot army. she has a big shootout with the rest of his men, and, you know, she's an expert gun slinger. takes him all down. she calls her motorcycle for help, but it's not coming to pick her up. boom, boom, crashes right into that guy. meanwhile, Caleb decided something was fishy about that job he just did, so he goes back to the scene, and there he finds an injured Delores. he was searching for someone real and has just found someone fake, but he's arguably more real than anything else in his world. Bernard, meanwhile, is on the run. he charters a boat heading to West world. yeah, looks like we're going back to the parks this season, after all. that's where the episode ends. but there isn't after the credits scene. so if you don't want that spoiled, go watch it now. the after credits scene shows us maybe that was wondering where she was and where is she. she's in a weird situation. looks kind of like old timey. she was apparently just interrogating a German soldier what she is in World War two. I did not see that coming. this is probably yet another Park in the west-world complex. world war two world I guess, seems like a crazy one to have, but I guess it's like Call of Duty. people love going around shooting Nazis. so very excited for where this storylines going. season 3 started off incredible. I'll be doing weekly Westworld recaps. so hit that subscribe button and find out how this crazy season goes down. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV. and movies. and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 