[Music], what is up? YouTube. it's your girl Evelyn. and I am back with the season 3, episode 5 recap of killing Eve. I apologize in advance for butchering the pronunciation of any Russian names of phrases or things. and as always, there will be spoilers, so proceed with caution. we kick off this week's villanelle exclusive episode in Mother Russia. our girl is finally home. and we watch as she walks through the dirt roads of a small rural town called for is met. then, without alerting anyone to her presence, villanelle strolls into a cozy little house and takes a look around. on the walls, we see photos of a woman who bears a striking resemblance to villanelle. and as villanelle continues her exploration, a young boy walks in and asked who she is. she evades the question. and soon the boy's father, half brother and half brother's girlfriend join them, but villanelle still refuses to tell them her name. just as the group are contemplating calling the police, a young man walks in and immediately recognizes villanelle. it's pyotr, villanelles younger brother. we are then introduced to the rest of the family. the little boy is Borka, villanelles Elton John obsessed half-brother. and the two men, Grigory and Fyodor, are her stepfather and stepbrother. and EULA is Theodore's of vapid girlfriend. there's only one person missing from the family reunion, and that's Tatiana, villanelles mother. when a car pulls up outside water Patel's villanelle, it's Tatiana. and are normally fearless, assassin panics and searches the house for a means of escape, but it's too late. Tatiana is home. she takes one look at villanelle, cries and runs to embrace the child she thought was long dead. villanelle and her mother catch up, and we finally began to unravel the Enigma that is villanelles past. it seems that when villanelle was a child, tatyana left her, but not Pyotr, at an orphanage, with the intention of coming back for her in a month's time. but villanelle, being villanelle, started a fire at the orphanage, and Tatiana was told she perished in the fire. we also learned that villanelles a biological father, is dead, but strangely, there are no pictures of him in the photo albums. that evening, the entire family gather around the dinner table to play what seems to be a Russian version of the game Clue. Fyodor teases Pyotr, and they almost come to blows, but Tatyana tells puter to stop, and he immediately sits down like a well-behaved puppy. vodka then pulls out his feather boa and huge glasses, and the family unexpectedly launch into a rousing sing-along of Elton John's Crocodile Rock, with Villa del eventually joining in with esto. the next day, villanelle finds po2 beating his sofa to death with a piece of wood out in the barn. he tells her he hits the sofa to keep from hitting people. and villanelle tells him he should just hit people, because, you know, she's a psychopath. they chat about the past, with pyotr admitting that he doesn't remember their Woodworking father. villanelle reminisces about how strong and funny their father was and how he taught her how to fight. she also mentions how mean Tatiana used to be, but puter is quick to defend their mother. he doesn't deny that Tatiana was mean, but he counters that villanelle was also mean. Pyotr then takes a break from his sofa beating, and the two siblings go out to lunch. he's excited about the upcoming Harvest Festival and explains that whoever makes the best piroshki, a type of filled Russian pastry, wins a cash prize. and with peter's help workout, will make his own piroshki in hopes of winning money to attend Elton John's farewell tour. in typical villanelle fashion, she dismisses her brother's excitement and tells him he should leave this pathetic little village. but puter insists he cannot leave their mother. villanelle believes that Tatiana only wants to control peter, and tells him that their mother is a far from the saint everyone believes her to be. villanelle is back home chilling with the family, and after having a brain numbing conversation with flat earther and Illuminati aficionado of Fyodor, she goes outside and has a chat with her stepfather, Grigory. they discussed Tatiana, and villanelle once again insists that her mother used to be a very different person. but before she can fully get her point across, Tatiana pops up with a cup of tea for glory. not long after, Tatiana graciously gifts villanelle a hideous bedazzled denim jumpsuit from the 80s. and villanelle thanks her and tells her she loves it. it's time for the Harvest Festival, and everyone is enjoying the festivities. villanelle, perhaps most of all, poor Ibuka loses the poorest key competition, and villanelle watches from afar as tatiana comforts him. villanelle goes on to win the festival's dung throwing competition, but keeps a watchful eye on her mother. as evening sets in, EULA's terrible, terrible dance troupe performs, and villanelle sits beside little bro Borka, who immediately begins smacking himself on the forehead alarmed. villanelle tells him that not winning the parasha key competition isn't a big deal, besides, he can watch Elton John's tour on YouTube. what that? insists that it is deeper than that. he is an embarrassment and has failed the family. villanelle tells him he's being silly, but he's insistent. after all, that's what their mother told him after he lost villanelle. ven stares intensely at the dancing Tatiana as sinister music begins to play. it's late and villanelle is in the kitchen chopping Tomatoes for absolutely no reason. when Tatyana comes downstairs. villanelle turns around, revealing she has used tomato paste to create false bloody tears. after a somewhat weird exchange in which villanelle asked Tatiana to clean her face because she wants to feel like a child again, Tatiana demands that villanelle leaved, telling her she is not a part of the family and does not belong. they have an argument about which of them is the most evil, with villanelle insisting that the darkness inside of her comes directly from Tatiana. we then discover why villanelle was left at the orphanage. Tatiana claims it was because villanelles father was afraid of her, convinced villanelle would hurt them. but villanelle doesn't buy it, because it soon becomes apparent just how jealous Tatiana was of her own daughter. Tatiana curses the darkness and villanelle, believing it was the reason villanelle was able to exert so much control over her father, and why he would do anything for his daughter. it's apparent Tatiana was never afraid of villanelle. after all, darkness doesn't fear itself. villanelle demands that Tatiana admit they are two sides of the same coin. but Tatiana refuses. so villanelle does what she does best, she kills her mother. villanelle douses the house with gasoline and blows it up, sparing only Borka and pewter, and even leaves vodka with enough money to attend Elton John's farewell tour. the last shot we see is villanelle on the train, leaving behind both the Griezmann and her dead mother. she's decked out, and her mother's a dazzled denim outfit. and after a series of emotions flash across her face, only one seems to remain at the end. and that is it for the recap. thank you guys so much for watching. tell me, did you guys like this villanelle only episode? and what do you think happened to villanelles father? did Tatiana kill him? and between villanelle and her mother, who is the evilest of all? let me know in the comments. and if you like this video, do me a favor and smash the thumbs up button. I'll see you next week. 