so I always thought this was gonna be like, the end of the game. I don't know, I could only lasted about two hours, but I didn't realize back then their PlayStation 4 games were unlike the PlayStation 3 ones, about 17 hours minimum. so, yeah, I thought like, oh, he's got the lard, now he's gonna smash his face. and you can see their scarecrows clearly, like damage still from his encounter with Killer Croc in Arkham Asylum. and it's, it's great how the stakes are raised. yeah. I don't know why throws the lad down on the ground there, if you should have like, incapacitated him in some way, because he's clearly gonna sneak off. but, yeah, oh, what a surprise. he just stares smoke out the room when you were on your phone. that's sort of a metaphor for kids today. they miss everything that's going on because they're standing about on their phone talking to some girl, like Batman was. so we're all a bit like Batman in a way, when you think about it. yeah, this bits a bit boring, because you literally just a war hit walking about the room, playing sort of the interactive, digital version of operation. I don't know, if you ever played that game, but you basically got a move as slowly as possible, and, yeah, metal conductors and pick stuff out of the hole without setting the trap off. in that that's pretty much what this section of the game is. so, not exactly the most fun thing to do when you're playing as Batman. I remember this pretty much just, yeah, if you fail on this as well, you try to do the whole thing again. it sort of slows down there, the pacing a bit. but, you know, it does feel a lot more tense as it starts to ramp up. you see the explosions about you, and you realize that if Batman does go through with it, then it's gonna like, kill himself. and there's scarecrows masks. they're on the floor, just lying about. I don't know why the hell that's there. you must adjust. you know, he was wearing it just to bring back the good old days. it is quite strange that, because last time we seen that, it was on top of a bridge on Arkham City. so he's went up there. he's got that down, he's carried it around in his pocket, and he's just been walking around with it. he's been walking around with two masks, a bit like Batman. I don't know if you ever seen, like, sometimes in stuff, a on mask, Batman, and he's got a, he's got a mask underneath it, like a, like a weirdo. that was always a great bit of the game, when the Joker shows back up. um, obviously, it's, you know, it's widely known now that the Joker's a massive part of Arkham Knight. and I always kind of wondered if they were going to bring them back, even though they killed him in the last one. and to be honest, the way that they do in this game, which is where you're constantly hallucinating that he's there. and because, you Batman knows the Joker so intimately, he's able to, you know, accurately give the responses that the Joker would it just adds such a depth to the villain. and actually prefer that em over and being a physical presence in this game, right? I think it works a lot better just him constantly be in there. the banner that he provides is also, like, really engrossing. and it's great how Batman's biggest fear is that he's one day gonna turn into the Joker. and, you know, he's in his head, and you can sort of see things from his side, and it makes Batman a lot more relatable. you've got, in this scene here, Commissioner Gordon's approaching the new Batcave, which is located at Panetta studios. I'm not a big fan of the the Panetta Studios thing. I think it would have been better if you went to to Gotham. oh, sorry, to Wayne Manor got the Gray Ghost there. famously, that emerging a Batman animated series episode in which Adam West appears to do the voice of the Gray Ghost. and it basically centers around this murderer who's committing the crimes that once happened in the gray ghost TV show. so Batman enlists the help of the Gray Ghost, Adam West, and they sort of work together to take down this criminal. and it's just a really good, like, callback to the 1966 show. and it's one of me favorites, you know. and we've got Gordon here, sort of exploring all this. it's great that Batman sort of brought them into the ground level. and because the threats gotten so big, and I remember seeing this for the first time and kind of not known exactly what was going on and but obviously, you can see on these characters, like they're, they are getting very similar looks wise to the Joker. like this could easily be a cosplay. you know, they're masters who walk around comic-con dressed as the Joker. yeah. so there's there's the one. there's another. he's probably the the closest, but he also probably has the best bit in the game, I think. so it's great seeing all these characters, sort of different takes on the joke. they're almost M which, you know, every ten years when we get a rebooted universe, we get a different take on the Joker. and I don't see some of these, some of these could fit right in, like the female one's really good. Johnny charisma is really good. the rest, like, I, you know, he's all right. the old guy, he's really good. this lad have some great bit. oh, and it's good how Batman just sneaks up behind them, like, all right, I wouldn't see Annabelle last night. and a quite a lot of jump scares are from people just walking in the room. gun, hey, what you up to? what you doing? this is time back in with Arkham City, and it's sort of picking up the loose ends that were left there. and they, you know, I didn't see it the first time, but they heavily hint, spoiler alert, that Batman's slowly succumbing to this disease as well. because you've got the the cell there that hasn't got anyone. I mean, Batman heavily insinuates during this section that, you know, there's one person. oh, I wonder who that one could be. and it's very pointed out, but I never picked up on it. like, look, he's in, he's in the cell. so did you get that? you know, there's a comment section on this video, no one ever uses it, so thanks for that. but you can make the difference now and write down, did you know that spoiler? and another great aspect of this game is how close they get into things, and then they can zoom out, but there's so much detail on and everything you can this is definitely the best looking Joker in a game that we've ever seen. and it's just absolutely breathtaking how good this is. and the fact that they managed to keep it a secret that Mark Hamill was in the game, and was absolutely amazing. so Mark Hamill really, like, didn't mention anyway. and I think even in the lead-up to this, Mark Hamill said that you would never, ever play the Joker again, unless they did The Killing Joke, which, of course, they did end up doing the animated series version of yeah, wasn't amazing, was it? like that, that first hour. Barbara Gordon was terrible. but anyway, they kept all the secret that he was in the game. I mean, just to have him come back was like a massive, massive fan moment for me, like Pryor fanboy doubt there. and Mark Hamill obviously famously played Luke Skywalker, and it's good that his career sort of getting a revival. and he's appeared in the flash a couple of times. and obviously, Star Wars is massive. now, honey, it's good that little lads finally get in the middle, you know, the respect that he deserves, because he's such a good voice actor. if you ever get a chance to check out x2 on the PlayStation 2 with the Wolverine, the actually voices Wolverine through that entire game, and his voice is completely unrecognizable. I mean, so you just give that a quick little YouTube and it's crazy how much it's over now, dynamics he has within his voice and how he's able to perform. and this is sort of a great callback to The Killing Joke. as mentioned before. you've got Barbara Gordon there, and she's just, she's just sitting chilling at home. it's not quite how it happened in the original story, because Commissioner Gordon was there with her. the Joker then just comes in, shoots, he makes a joke about how she's broke the coffee table. she's a hardcover edition, but their spines a little broken. that's, that's great. I don't know how he knew that he broke a spine from shooting her, but, you know, it's gray. and originally in The Killing Joke, the Joker actually undresses Barbara Gordon, and it's very heavily insinuated that he molested err or stuff like that. and basically, it's all sort of in the vein of trying to turn Commissioner Gordon insane. and so when he, when the Joker kidnaps Commissioner Gordon, he takes him on a funhouse ride that then, you know, it's sort of, it's very horrific. and it displays all of the photos of Barbara in her own dress, and not very nice at all. and I love the way that this game constantly tank changes the environment around you. it's just so seamless. and I'd never, ever seen anything in a game like this before. so the way that just everything merges together, it's, it's absolutely brilliant. and it's definitely just, it keeps up the illusion that you loosen a ting, whereas you don't have lune loading screens. and it's just so well done. and you've also got the Oracle symbol there, hanging up. that mask, sort of is often used by Oracle as a motif and sort of a signature. you've got the Shakespeare bus there as well, from the 1966 Batman series. that is a big, massive part of the show. it's what Batman and Robin used to open the Batcave up. so it's nice to just see in the background there, um, yeah. and just lovely little touch. and this is saw a Batman painting. oh yeah, by the way, you door, she was Emeril in all this [ __ ] that I had. and it's a bit of a shame that Barbara Gordon, you know, she was crippled by the Joker. and when they did the new 52, they rebooted the universe, so that she was paralyzed for some point, but she eventually got these other legs back, which, don't want to sound like, you know, actually prefer the character when she was paralyzed, because it sort of was empowering for for disabled people to to really see that, you know, whilst she is paralyzed, that she's not helpless. there's still things that she can do in the world. she still massively assists Batman. she, to me, she's, she was Batman's greatest ally, the Intel that she provides, you know, she's there, always, the voice in his ears. she's always really helping him. and that was kind of taken away with the new 52 reboot. you know, it's, it's, there's pros and cons to it, because the new 52 Batman, yes, Batgirl is, she's, she's great. but, yeah, losing Oracle, I'm kind of like, kind of which Oracle was still around, because great character gave a great message for disabled people, much in the same way that daredevil does as well. you know, that disabled people aren't left out because of the disability. with Oracle, you know, they're, they're as much a helping hand as the Allies who are out there in the field unfortunately, this part of the game sort of really slows the pacing down. so I've basically just been driving along. I've had a disarm a bomb by protecting it from getting shot upon by tanks, you know, the boring bits. and then you get a little itch, and you've got a disarm, you've got a lower the braid. well, then, in doing so, Riddler pops up, and you guide gosub Riddler from gettin my cat. what was some crap minutes. basically, there's too many roadblocks at this part of the game that, you know, you just want to just get on with it. I know a lot of people kind of dislike the fear multi takedowns, to be honest, that I quite like it the way that adds a bit of strategy into building them up and chaining all your combos together. and yeah, it's a bit gamey, but, you know, it's not a horrendous there's a lot worse thing in this game, especially the 410 dang things. but, I mean, like those two ways that I've taken down the group there, where one was, I did the the Bill of the takedown and used that to basically dismantle all my files. the other one was I just threw a smoke bomb down and used that just, you know, just pull a guy in and be the [ __ ] out of them. and so there is sort of a hit and miss thing there with them. likewise, I can see why people do dislike them. I think it's a nice thing. and there's a lot of strategic moments like that in games now. like, if you play Splinter Cell, you can build up combo takedowns like that, if you, if you have a stealth one, and it just speeds up the gameplay really and I think it makes you feel a lot more like Batman, like you rushes in has the element of surprise. and again, it's another thing that Zack Snyder captured perfectly in Batman V Superman. I haven't really got massive beef with it. could be honest. I once read a ledge talking a lot of crap. we've got em the two blimps there. and it's, it's great how throughout the game they sort of moved towards the island there, where they eventually get harpooned in there. they play a huge aspect in the Gotham skyline. and I think it's sort of inspired by the Watchmen comic book. if you read that, there's, there's a lot of blimps inand that kind of plays into the sort of art decor style that Gotham City as a whole, has um and it's just nice to see them in the skyline. if you ever watched the first episode of the Batman animated series, that's how it starts off. it's got the blimps floating along. man back comes flies in front of them, and then, I think Batman does. and it's just, it's just a really good, good thing to see them in the skyline. you can also see in the skyline there, Wayne Manor and I've just passed me riddle there. and there's a buddy Joker sitting on the balcony. and so thanks very much for checking out my video. really appreciate it. I'm gonna be doing a playthrough like this every week where I sort of played through the game, show you the highlights, and then from there sort of talk more in depth about what inspired the creators, if there were any graphic novels like that, or what it's sort of been replicated in the films. and so, yeah, thanks a lot for checking us out. like my channel if you want. and subscribe to it as well, please, yeah, otherwise I'll knock you out. and I'll see you next time. thanks a lot. bye. 