welcome back to mrs rundown. in today's video, i am going to be recapping the events of notting hill, a 1999 comedy romance film. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. now like the video and subscribe to the channel if you enjoy this video. william thacker owns a travel bookstore in notting hill, london. his wife has left him for another man, and he now shares his house with a flaky man named spike. he meets hollywood actress anna scott when she enters his shop. anna buys a book, and will give her an extra book for free. she thanks him and leaves. will is in shock and can't believe his encounter with anna scott. after a few minutes, he decides to go out to buy some orange juice. while walking back, he accidentally bumps into her. she is furious, unapologetic. will asks if she wants to clean herself up in his house, that's right over the road. she initially refuses, but will insists. after changing at his house, anna thanks him for his help and leaves. after 30 seconds, the doorbell rings. it's anna. she forgot her other bag. suddenly, they stare into each other's eyes, and in an unexpected way. anna impulsively kisses him. then she bids him goodbye and leaves. later, will receives a call from anna, and she invites him to visit her at the ritz hotel. however, when he arrives, will is mistaken for a reporter and ushered into a press junket for anna's new film. he pretends to interview her and the other cast members as a writer from horse and hound magazine. will asks her if she'd like to go out on a date with him tonight, but then he remembers it's his sister's birthday and he can. she then asks to be his date at his sister's birthday dinner that evening. later on, they go to the birthday dinner, where anna gets on well with will's friends and sister. after the dinner, anna and will leave, and they climb a fence to enter a private neighborhood park, where anna again kisses will while on a date. the next night, they overhear three men, at first praising and then disparaging anna, equating actresses to prostitutes. will walks over and criticizes them, defending anna. and as he and anna leave, anna turns around, comes back introduces herself and calmly insults the stun trio. anna invites will up to her hotel room, but their plans change when her movie star boyfriend, jeff king, of whom will was unaware, has unexpectedly arrived from america to be with her. will's friends try to help him get over his disappointment, and over the next six months, they set him up on a series of dates, but he cannot forget anna. one day, a distraught anna appears at will's doorstep. needing to hide from a tabloid scandal, she apologizes for the hotel incident, telling him her relationship with king is over. they enjoy spending time together, discover shared interests and discuss will's print of mark chagall's 1950 painting la marie. they sleep together that night, but reporters, inadvertently tipped off by spike, besiege wills house and take pictures of him anna and of spike half-dressed at the front door. furious, anna blames will, tells him she regrets coming there for help and leaves. months pass will remains miserable. at a dinner with his friends, he discovers that anna is back in london making a film a period henry james rendition, something he had suggested to her. he visits her shoot, where anna sees him and invites him, past security to watch him, to talk privately afterwards. but will overhears her dismiss him to a co-star, and so he leaves without further contact. the next day, anna comes to the bookshop with a wrapped gift. will tells her what he overheard at the movie set, and she explains that she did not want to discuss her private life with an indiscreet co-star. she then confesses that she loves him and pleads to rekindle their relationship. now, afraid he will be too hurt if she leaves him again, he rejects her. will meets his friends and sister in a restaurant with the open gift chagall's original la marie. they act supportive and half-heartedly back up his decision, until spike arrives and calls him a daft prick. will fully realizes his mistake. they all race across london, finding anna at a press conference at the savoy hotel. will arrives in time to hear anna's publicist say that anna will be taking a year off, and will be leaving the uk. that night. a reporter asked about thacker, based on the controversial photographs of them on her last trip, and anna says they are just friends. will again pretending to be a horse and hound. reporter asks anna if she would consider being more than friends if he admitted to having been a daft prick and begged her forgiveness. she says she would. then asks to be asked again how long she plans to stay in england. she answers, indefinitely. anna and will mary attend a hollywood red carpet event, and when anna becomes pregnant, spend quiet time on the bench in the park they had visited on their first date. thanks for watching. make sure to like the video. if you enjoyed it. subscribe to the channel if you want to see more of these movie summaries. it really helps the channel out 