[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1990 horror two-part miniseries if so, let's get started. the series does take place during two timelines, with the characters being both adults and kids, their stories being told simultaneously. however, for this spoiler we'll be doing in a more chronological fashion. the series starts in drury, made in the year 1960. a boy named bill gives his brother georgie a paper sailboat to take out in the rain, which eventually falls into a storm drain. georgie tries to retrieve the boat when he encounters a clown named Pennywise, who is inside the drain. as georgie tries to reach into the drain, his arm is torn off, and he is killed by Pennywise. a few months later, after several more children have gone missing, you see several children have come together to form the loser group, who are all tormented by a local group of bullies led by Henry bowels. the loser group consists of Bill, who has a stutter, Eddie, who has asthma, and an overbearing mother, Beverly, who has an abusive father, Ritchie who tells too many jokes, Stanley, who is a Jewish boy scout, Ben, who is an overweight boy with a crush on Beverly, and Mike, who is a bit of a historian. the group realized that they have all seen Pennywise in one way or another, and that their haunts are no coincidence, because it takes home whatever the group fears the most. they decide to refer to the monster as it Mike shows them a scrapbook that he made that shows that the it attacks occur every 30 years, then it goes into hibernation. bill leads the loser group into the sewers to hunt down it to avenge his brother. they are followed by Henry and his friends, all who plan on killing the loser group. Pennywise kills one of the bullies, and eventually Pennywise grabbed stan but the losers are able to defeat him through the power of their imagination. using silver earrings as projectiles, they pierce a hole in his head, and Pennywise escapes down a drain, seemingly dead. henry is driven insane from seeing penny wisest at dead lights, and ends up taking credit for all the missed murdered children and Henry's institutionalize. the group agrees to come back to dreary if it ever returns. thirty years later, Mike is now the town librarian and is investigating a new string of missing and killed children. at a scene of one of the murders, he finds a picture of Georgie, and has convinced that it has returned. Mike contacts the other members of the loser group, all who have left rearing become very successful. all of the members have forgotten their encounter with it, until they receive Mike's call, and their memories start to come back. five of the members decide to come back, but overtaken by fear, Stan kills himself and writes it on the wall in blood. once they arrive in dreary, the losers are again fermented by it, and they learn of Stan's suicide. Bill's wife, Audra, comes to jury to help and find her husband, but is eventually captured by it. Henry is freed from his institution by Pennywise so that Henry can kill the losers. Henry injures might, but the losers end up killing Henry. they travel into the sewers and bill finds Audra in a catatonic state, and the group finds it in his true form, a giant spider like alien bill. Ben and Ritchie nearly get pulled into its dead lights, and Eddy is killed attempting to save his friends. Beverly injures it with her slingshot, and it falls, and the surviving losers rip out its heart, killing it. the group go their separate ways, with Ben and Beverly getting married and are now expecting a child. and Audra finally recovers and is with Bill. so that was the spoilers for it. if you have another film you like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. remember to check us out on our various forms of social media and - like it, subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 