welcome to the man of recaps. this is the dragon prince, season 2. so remember, humans have been generally at war with the elves and the magical land of saadia. for many years, the Dragon King guarded the border, but sometime recently, they killed him and destroyed his egg, the dragon Prince. the last season, the human princes Callum and Ezrin found that the egg was not destroyed, and if they could bring it back to its mother, the war could be stopped. they teamed up with raela, a moon shadow elf, who was originally said to assassinate them, but they've been on a whirlwind adventure. watch my season 1 recap for the whole story. and now they're best friends. at the end of season 1, there was a big surprise. the dragon egg hatched, and, oh my god, it's so cute. they called him Zim. and he and Ezrin have an immediate bond, which is sad for the Frog Dog bait, no longer the cutest animal companion on the show. now, lord viren's kids, Claudia and Sauron, are on a mission to bring the princess back home. Sauron and raela have a bit of a fight, but Callan bursts in to put a stop to it. he's like, no, no, we're not kidnapped. we're friends. were on an important mission here. but saurons on a super secret mission from his father, Lord Viren, to kill the princes for the good of the kingdom. saurons mostly a good guy. he's just endearingly dim-witted. but he wants to make his father proud, so he attempts some half-hearted assassinations, which mostly just turned into a good time. Callum has a huge crush on Claudia, by the way. but she's also on a secret mission from her father that she must reclaim the dragon Prince at any cost. so they're going to join the princess on their quest, but it immediately betray them with the dark magic snake chains. but it was an illusion. yeah. raela didn't trust him. went to the old moon elf lady to help with an illusion trick. and the real team is flying off on the phoenix. the fastest wait is a dia is by ship. but raela's human impression is not very convincing. hello again, fellow human, human fellows. but they find the perfect captain who won't notice cuz he's got double eye patches. yeah, he gets her on with help from a seeing-eye parrot. I love the minor characters on this show. they're caught in a storm, so they pulled over to wait it out. Callum thinks this might be his chance to learn magic. yeah, he was doing some magic last season with the help of a storm primal stone, but that got destroyed. see, all magical creatures are born connected to one of the primal sources. but humans just are not. that's, of course, why they invented dark magic in the first place. but Callum is not gonna let that stop him. he thinks that if he can meditate hard enough, he can forge a connection to a primal source. his first plan is to try to get struck by lightning, but luckily he realizes that's dumb. back in their home kingdom of khatallah, Lord Viren is mostly in charge. he wants to ramp up the war to a full-scale invasion, but other council members are like, hey, you're not the king. we're not gonna listen to you. Viren has a magic mirror reclaimed from the old dragon Kings hoard, and he finally unlocks its secret. it's a window into another room where there's this cool-looking elf dude. they can't hear each other, so mirror man tries to lead him through a magic ritual, but parents like, yo, you're clearly evil. I don't need your help. he calls a council of the five kingdoms and gives quite an impressive presentation about the dangers of sabia, and is like, we need to warn now. the other human kingdoms are like, yeah, sure, whatever. but the final vote is this young queen who's like, I am unconvinced. so V Aaron tells a flashback of when her parents came to catalyst for help. there was a big famine, and Catullus helped him out, even though there wasn't enough food to go around. but Viren knew a dark magic spell that could help them, so they crossed the border to zania to get the heart of a magma titan. by the way, we meet here King hero's wife, Sarai, the boy's mother. and she's the sister of their aunt, Amaya, the badass deaf general who speaks with sign language. and she has a minor subplot this season where she faces off against a cool son fire elf with an epic sword. anyway, it's sura\xc3\xadh who takes down the magma golem. and they've got the heart, but remember, the border is guarded by the dragon king. he is seriously strong. and this is where their mother Sarai, died. but luckily, the dark magic works, and boom, vamonos. the young Queens parents died there too, and burns like sea. we need to band together to fight the evils of saadia. but the young Queen Anya's like, I don't think so. I took the exact opposite moral from your story, that violence only spreads more violence. so Viren is pissed. he goes down to a secret lair where he still has prisoner, by the way, and Amaya's boyfriend guy. he's like, alright, mirror man, it's dark ritual time. and mirror guy spits out a caterpillar thing, teleports it over. it's kind of cute, and it works like a bluetooth earpiece. this elf has an epic, deep voice. I've waited a the sound of another voice. his name is eros but when Viren looks it up, any mention of him is magically scrubbed from history. who the hell is this guy? well, he's very obviously an ancient evil that's been locked away here. but he's like, hey, beer and we can help each other elsewhere. viren's kids make it to a town near the border where there is a dragon flying around. they haven't attacked it cuz it hasn't attacked them. but saurons like, screw that. shoot that thing down. unfortunately, he misses, and now the dragon burdens the place up. he's like, I've made a huge mistake. but Claudia makes a dark magic arrow that never misses, and, boom, dragon down. the good crews actually close by and try to help the dragon. he's not dead yet. raela has her sword rematch with Sauron, but then Calum steps in to help. he's like, I can't do primal magic, but I can still do dark magic, reverse snake chain spell to free that dragon. dragon is real mad and knocks out Sauron with one swipe. but then he sees the dragon Prince alive. and well, he's like, oh, I gotta go tell my dragon friends about this. now, the dark magic takes a big toll on Calum. in fact, he's passed out for an episode. in his dream, he comes face to face with his dark magic self. it's like, yes, join me in the dark side. but Talon rejects dark magic. he now knows how evil it is. and when he wakes up, he thinks he understands the sky Arcanum. it's not possible. no human can do primal magic. but Calum does. yeah, magic, baby. then who shows up? its chain whip tracker guy. when he sees princess Rinna's okay, he's like, hey, I'm not here to fight. I'm here to serve the prince, actually, though, the king. and yeah, this is how Azrin finally finds out his father's dead. he realizes his duty is to quit the adventure and go home to rule the kingdom. so our crews down to two, or three, if you count little zip. Sauron survived the dragon hit, but he is fully paralyzed. he briefly considers rebranding himself as a poet, but his poetry is atrocious. Claudia's gonna do whatever it takes to help her brother, including sacrificing this poor, cute dear - boom, give her enough dark magic power for a real, strong healing spell. and word saurons on the mend. but that takes a lot out of Claudia. in fact, she's got a white hair streak. now, their father, lured viren's casting some powerful new dark magic constructed by his blue tooth caterpillar. he creates some shadow elves to go terrorize the other human kingdoms and forced them into war. then, with the help of his mirror man, he is taken out all the guards, gonna seize control of guitarists. but he's surrounded, and the caterpillars like, hey, surrender for now. so he's off to the dungeon talmann. raela. make it to the sabian border. unfortunately, it's a giant river of lava. but by the light of the moon, they can take the moonstone pat safely across. but the sun's coming up, so little dragon Zim finally learns to fly. with some help from his human wind magic friend, he blocks the Sun and lets them safely across. so they finally done it. Raylan Callum made it to Xavier, but right there is some big, mean, old dragon. and that's how season 2 comes to an end. [Music], 