[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy that always finds the devil in the details. and this video, we're breaking down the second part of lucifer, season five. the new entry has a lot to unpack from it. and throughout this video, we're going to be recapping the ending, giving our review of the show and discussing what could be happening next. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out, then i highly recommend that you check out now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our lucifer ending explained. okay, so this video is going to be recapping a lot of the season, but if you want to just skip ahead to the ending discussion, then time codes will be linked below. i feel like we have to talk about the overall themes before getting into that, but i'm giving you the free will to decide how you wanna watch the video. now, lucifer has had a bit of a bumpy ride in terms of release dates. the first part of season 5 dropped almost a year ago, and since then, we've been eagerly awaiting the follow-up. in june 2020, it was announced that the series was being given a sixth season. and both in part two were filmed together. so everything is in the can. and there's even speculation that the final 10 episodes could be dropping within the next six months. however, netflix may want to put some time between the two entries, just so that fans have something to look forward to. now, as for the first part of season five, it was very much better the devil, you know, with the battle between michael and lucifer coming to boiling point. the closer that lucifer got to chloe, the more vulnerable he became. but when the pair realized he was still invincible, questions over his love for her continued. chloe very much suspected that subconsciously, he no longer had feelings for her, and this is how he was able to withstand being shot by dan. michael very much manipulated things behind the scenes and pushed mace into turning against the character. in her quest to find his soul, we discovered that this was all tied to lucifer's ring which contained a stone from the garden of eden. maize believed that she'd finally be able to get a soul if she was able to get her hands on it, and she joined michael's side in trying to defeat him. time was frozen by a mana deal, just as lucifer was about to admit his love for chloe, and we discovered that michael had manipulated him into feeling like his son wasn't a celestial amena deal. obviously didn't want to watch him grow old and die as a mortal. and this moment pushed him over the edge. a big battle in slo-mo ensued, and i just want to give myself a pat on the back for going this long without mentioning mephisto. anyway, everything culminated with god turning up. and after bragging at the fight, the opening episode of part two focuses on family. it's always family. now, after being introduced to his grandson, god pulls everyone together for a last supper, in which they all attempt to sort their differences out over the dinner table. i love how when lucifer arrives, he sits at the bottom of the table and with the others at the top, it forms the shape of a cross. michael and lucifer have it out, and it does become slightly easier to see things from the former's point of view. i did actually have difficulty understanding why he hated lucifer so much. but after hearing how he felt cursed about the face of someone whose shadow he would forever live in, it did hint towards his mentality. he's filled with hate. and it becomes clear that this emotion, in some ways, is due to his dad. michael is banished from earth. but this further scorns him into going down a darker path that somewhat mirrors lucifer's. the fact that they are identical and reflect each other works really well, and he ends up starting his own rebellion, much like how his brother did in the bible. i guess the apple of eden doesn't fall far from the tree. and it leads to him going on a great noah's ark throughout the season. now, god very much has to confront that he's not been there for his kids. and due to the family being unsure if he even loves them, it shows that he's failed as a father, which i mean respectfully. now, he's very much an opposite to amena deal, who showcases what it's like to be a dad who would do anything for their kid. god is very much presented with the idea that he's incapable of love, detached by emotion, and therefore unable to get hurt. we see something similar developing linda, who, of course, was looking over her estranged daughter, adriana. she too gets in trouble after doing anything to protect the one that she loves. and it shows that caring for someone ensures that trouble will always follow. thus the idea of watching the people you love from afar, similar how linda and god do, allows them to remain in control of the situation, and it stops their emotions getting the best of them. lucifer, early on, very much adapts this mentality and tells chloe he can never love her at the end of episode 1, which leads to him being alone and on a path of succession to take the place of his father. now, even though lucifer used to be the embodiment of evil, he has a lovely singing voice. and the musical episode is one of the standouts in the show. thomas and the rest of the cast really give their all. and watching every breath they take and every move they make means i'll stay forever watching you, not you. now i really enjoyed this creative way of telling this story, and hopefully we get something like this in the next season, as i'd love to see them. susan boyle in hell's fire. i don't even think that pun works. but we finally get the answer to, what if god was one of us? as the father makes himself human, he starts to accept that perhaps he raised lucifer wrongly, and he messed up the balance between controlling him and allowing for free will. he also tells mazakin that it is possible for her to grow a soul. and i loved watching dennis haysbert having fun with the role. he has some really good interactions with dan. and i think the arc that god goes on very much centers around him actually being present, so he can see, for one, how his actions have influenced his children and the rest of the world. it's quite a fascinating character study that not only delves deep into what it means to be a father, but also what humanity expects from god and how they perceive him. it's a really good analysis. and speaking of character development, we also get a dan centric episode where he learns not to be judgmental towards lucy. see everyone, all you have to do to make people think it's mexico is put an orange filter over it. now they give a nod. to seven when he escorts someone across the desert who keeps asking what's in the box? this entry very much feels like lucifer's version of david finch's the game. and he reveals that it was all part of his plan to show down the truth. it's another fascinating entry that highlights the themes of the series, which is trying to see things from the side of other people. we also get the return of eve, who you will remember was a big part of lucifer's life early on in the show's history. after realizing she was happiest with maize, she engineers and encounter in order to get close to her. maize realizes that she's her soulmate, and finally accomplishes her goal. lucifer also grows and decides that he will put his foot forward to step into the shoes of god. after ruling hell and learning about humanity firsthand, he seems the most adept out of the family, and it allows god to finally retire. he leaves with his wife, goddess, who is once more played by tricia helfer. now you may remember that goddess created floods and plagues to wipe out humanity because she was angered over her husband putting them above their relationship in children. goddess was cast into hell and banished from heaven. but god now realizes that he should have put a focus on them above everything else. he tells lucifer that he loves him and is proud of the man he's become, which is something that he would never have done before. instead of casting the role of being a father and husband to the side, he finally embraces it, which is, of course, muradin. lucifer, who admits to chloe that he does love her. guarding goddess depart to her dimension, and chloe signs up for the role of being a consultant should lucifer end up gaining the position. however, as god did not name his successor it means that it's open for applicants. and michael starts to enact his plan to gain the job. he begins to assemble a flaming sword, and dan gets caught in the crossfire, which leads to his death. it's a big moment in the series that's made even more gut-wrenching when it's revealed that, due to his guilt, he went to hell instead of heaven. though we never get a revelation on this, i do think that season six will very much center around putting him in his rightful place. another character is dead, that doesn't mean he's gone for good. lucifer, as a show, is very much about growth, acceptance and change. and the ark he's been on, though cut short, likely isn't over yet. what's on? netflix did post that kevin alejandro, who plays him, is returning for the next season. and whilst we can't verify this yet, it does seem likely that he'll be back. originally, lucifer wanted to prove he was worthy of being god so that he could prove he was worthy of chloe. however, the death of dan makes him realize that he has to become god, and this puts him into an all-out war with his brother. michael says he will allow lucifer and chloe to spend eternity together if he vacates running for the role. and at the los angeles memorial coliseum, they hold a vote between all the angels to decide who should become god. with a bit of social distancing, it's revealed that michael is controlling through fear, because he bears the flaming sword. after the angel to realize that lucifer wished to become god because of love, two of them end up switching sides, which stops the vote from being unanimous. maize arrives with an army, and michael and lucifer take on each other, man to man, god to god. now lucifer is able to strip the flaming sword from him with the help of chloe. but asriel arrives to show that death is imminent, and chloe is killed by michael. in her final breaths, she says she doesn't blame herself for dan, which means that her soul gets to go to heaven, even though he's banished from there. lucifer travels to the afterlife to find her having a picnic with her father. he bumps into the character whose soul was damned to hell in the first part of season 5, and learns that he's managed to make it to heaven after facing his guilt. it's a touching moment in which he returns the favor, and lucifer gives his ring to chloe, which allows her to go back to earth. using the holy artifacts, she's able to kick the crap out of michael. and lucifer returns to earth and forces him to bend the knee. although it's never explained exactly how he came back. the fact that he accepted he loved chloe, and also, in some ways, accepted the role of god, i think, removes his banishment from heaven and means that he can do what he wants. using the flaming sword, lucifer cuts off his brother's wings, but he gives michael a second chance. the angels bow before him, and the season ends with him saying, oh my me, instead of, oh my god. this ending of the season, of course, reflects the opening of part two, as god stood atop some stairs with the angels before him, much in the same way that lucifer does here. however, i don't think that it will be all plain sailing. and god himself, in the season show that it's impossible to take on this role and to love someone. the main reason that he and goddess ended up being pitted against one another was because he put the job over her. it was only in retirement that they were able to have a relationship. and i think that chloe will very much experience the same issues. being god is, of course, a powerful position, and i actually feel that it may end up getting too much for lucifer, and that amenity will take on the role come the end of season six. i actually have a theory that lucifer might make himself mortal so that he can have a proper life with chloe, free of all the trappings, and that that will be the conclusion of his arc. let me know below if you disagree. but we actually already know the titles for all the episodes in season 6. episode 9 will be called goodbye lucifer, with the finale being titled, partners to the end. thus we can surmise from this that the lucifer mantle may be dropped and that he will be spending time with chloe going forward. as great as it would be for him to become god, i just can't see it lasting. and now that he's taken michael out of the running for it. i think all that remains is for someone else to take over the position. therefore, i think that a mana deal will become god. lucifer and chloe will go off and have their own lives, and in hell, mazakin and evil reign. now, as for my thoughts on this part of the season, i kind of have mixed feelings about it. to me, it looked like a lot of the finale was impacted by kovid, and at points it felt slightly rushed. there's also things that i've just stopped caring about, i'm being honest, certain things i just don't care about anymore. unfortunately, i feel that the main story is so strong and clearly where our interests should lie, that anything not focused on it feels like a bit of a drag. there's a couple of murder plots in the season, especially early on, that i just didn't really connect with. and i felt like they were a necessary filler. even with appearances by john glover, i think that it just kind of got in the way. and i would have preferred to have the focus on god and his replacement. they linger quite a lot on the unnecessary. and in the opening of the season, god basically shows up, breaks up the fight, and then it's 30 minutes before we get back into it. even things like the excellent musical episode are pushed to the side for some investigating. i feel like most of it could have probably been cut. and i'll be getting some flames in the comments for saying that, but at this point i'm far more interested in the overarching story than the whodunit of the week. there are certain bits, like in episode 3, in which they integrate the plot into the investigations, but when they're standalone, i'm not sure how well they work. that being said, it's a nitpick, and it's not like the show doesn't work because of them. the season still gels together really well, and this is probably the most in-depth look that we've had at the characters and the reasons why they've ended up becoming the way that they are. i think lucifer's overall arc of going from the ruler of hell to heaven has been a good one, though. and tom ellis, as always, does a great job of leading the cast in show. the fact he played michael as well is a testament to his talent. and i swear that's not a pun. overall, i'm very excited to see what happens next. the character is, once more again at a point where anything could go down. lucifer, season 5, part 2, has some great moments in it, and it gets a 7.5 out of 10. now obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize straw on the 30th of may, in which we're giving away three copies of the godzilla versus kong collection. all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the season. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter, heavyspoilers, if you want something else that's devil related. and make sure you check out our breakdown of the conjuring the devil made me do it, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire movie and talked about the real life story that inspired it. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more without the way. thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul, and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 