having sex is something that must be done by married couples because, not only to fulfill their desires, having sex can make household relationships more harmonious. if this is not done, then the events in this film could have happened. the film opens with the scene of a young woman drying her blankets, in which the woman is named yuemikami, who is a newly married young housewife. at that time, the house bell rang, and after yua opened the door, it turned out that it was han, one of her husband's men. han came with the intention of meeting you as husband. but yua said her husband is not at home. and she offered han to come in first because han was here. apparently, yua asked for help, so that han helped her look for items in the cupboard. han also helped yua, but the items were not found. finally, after making sure yua didn't need help anymore, han said goodbye to go home. at night, yua cooked for her husband at the dinner table. you can see that you, as husband, is much older than yua. his name is hitomi. hitomi complimented his wife's cooking, which was so good that you were blushed after dinner, yua took a shower and prepared to sleep with her husband. however, she was very disappointed to see her husband sleeping first, so they both could not have an intercourse. the next day, ewa's husband came home in the rain and was drunk. however, he did not go home alone. hitomi went home with his employee, han. by chance, han and hitomi were drinking together, but because his boss was so drunk, han decided to take him home. the half conscious hitomi didn't allow han to go home because they were going to have another drink after drinking together again. and hitomi was unconscious. yuwa brought her husband into the room, assisted by han. han, who had been interested in yua from the beginning, invited her to sleep together. and you accepted han's invitation without hesitation. then the film moves to the scene where ewa brings tea to her husband, who is working. yua told her husband not to work too hard and take time off to take a vacation. hitomi agrees and plans to invite han to come on vacation with them. yua, who heard this, was really happy, because this means she can do it again with han while on vacation. it turned out that hitomi not only invited han, but he also invited another employee named lee. they rented an in in a mountainous area. and there, as usual, hitomi took the two employees for drinks. after drinking and getting drunk, hitomi decided to sleep first. then han and yua used this to repeat the incident some time ago at hitomi's house. upon their return from vacation, han and yua slept together several times. if the opportunity arises, it doesn't even matter if hitomi is there. one night, yuwa, hitomi, han and lee eat and get drunk together at hitomi's house. while eating, yua groped lee. then lee was shocked and tried to hold back his voice so as not to be caught. at the end of the film, hitomi and lee are seen getting drunk and unconscious. this opportunity was used again by yua and han to have fun, and the film was over. ok, that's the synopsis of the film. this time, hopefully this film can be the right film recommendation for all of you to watch. thank you for watching. don't forget to like, share, subscribe or follow this channel so you can get recommendations for other exciting films. [Music] 