a miracle today, endurance will Indiana for women rescued from an underground apocalypse cult, allegedly run by self-proclaimed Messiah resin Richard Wayne Gary Wayne. for years, you were told by Reverend Richard Wayne Gary Wayne that the world had ended. yes. Reverend Richard told us that there had been a nuclear apocalypse. the first young woman forced into this cult. yes. I had waited and Reverend Richard a bunch of times at a York steak house I worked at, and one night he invited me out to his car. you joined this cult willingly? yes. the Reverend had bought some of my hair on Craigslist, and we started emailing, and I just thought he had some real good ideas. were lured into the Reverend house. you thought this was a job. see, happy means I'm not going back. what? I'm staying here. kymmie, that's crazy. you have a middle school education. you won't make it here. I have to get my life back. everybody in Burnsville is always gonna look at me like I'm a victim, and that's not what I am. I'm here about the ad domain and the bill. thank God. are you the dog masseuse? no, ma'am, I found your son, Buckley. $17 an hour, cash under the table. you'll need to sign an NDA and a DN. you'll be staying in my office. I will be very comfortable in here. I am one of the indie animal women from the news. why didn't you tell me? cuz I just want to be a normal person. my name is Ronald Wilkerson. I came here in 1998 on a damn bus from Chickasaw County, Mississippi. I'm sorry. does one of you live here? mrs. Voorhees didn't tell me that she had a daughter, Jacqueline. I'm her stepdaughter, and your wife, the new Hyun Jung. I'm Kimmy, and I'm going to have to tell your stepmother that you were drinking. no, you don't. I'm 15 and I'm pretty much your boss me. I think my marriage is falling apart. it was supposed to be a two-week trip, but Julian's been gone for two months. city pokorny from the bunker. Cindy, hey, I should come visit you somewhere. you at least tell me where your family's from. why can't my own parents understand it? just want to be somebody this feels like goodbye. fine, if that's how you feel. [Music], goodbye. he's my boyfriend. oh, I'm so sorry. I just assumed it's okay. Kimmy. I'm Brandon. so call us and say we're more women. what? no, I don't tell anyone about that, really. Kimmy, that's crazy. because when people find out you're a mole woman, they feel bad for you and they give you free stuff. is that what you do? interns, Valdez, Cindy. Cindy Pokorny, Brandon is gay. Cindy, he likes men. gay. trying to ruin this. I'm not. I'm trying to protect you, as always. dang it, Kimmy, I know what I'm doing. geez. you think I don't notice Brandon's tooth whitening strips or how he's always talking about ancient Greece and how things were different than that? this isn't love. he just feels sorry for you. your whole life in Dern's Ville is just people feeling sorry for you. who cares? I'm happy. sorry to bother you, but, well, last couple of days I've been asking myself some tough questions about how I treat women. hola, you want to go out for a drink sometime? are you asking me out? you taste a little Bob the Builder, you can handle this yet. call me in 10 years. part of me is jealous of you, cuz you really do have everything you want. you just took a shortcut to get there. and I can't do it that way. and I know where I'm gonna start. [Music]. [Applause]. I'm here to enroll into eighth grade. I want to transfer to another GED class. another Hollywood, you've got the one. if I'm gonna pass a GED I need a real teacher. we just have to do what Jake Taylor said. what's that? pass the whole fudging test? no. so we work it together for the common good, the same way Vietnam when the wall of American aggression. yes, but read the room. Don Julian Rommel Voorhees, Jacqueline, what are you doing in Beijing? I've been here for two weeks waiting for you to get back from wherever you got that tag. I think I'm having an affair. you've done it before with you, and that was different. my first 150. I know you want me to sing for money? yep, Kimmy. I've sung for alcohol and for pizza and more than once to get my shoes back, but I've never sung for money before. knock. come here. you're not too big to give your father a firm, businesslike handshake. you're looking well. always a pleasure. I'm Logan, by the way. how's my Kimberly charmed toned. raise a glass to you. go 3,000. my name is you. go. I can dance for you. I just wanted to introduce myself. you're the singer from the party. you're scary. you can sing. you're perfect. I've got just the role for you at my restaurant. I'm singing on Ravi. I don't know what brought you in here today, but if it's about infidelity, I would have to say, is your therapist to just be cool about it. damn it, Barbara. people get divorced all the time, like my friend Mimi. can ask. well, I'm off to Professor Dracula's spooky laboratory and bar and grill. cool. you're a werewolf, like in the Bible. I don't have time to tutor anybody. I really have time to study at all because I work at three ships if I take some of your deliveries, maybe you'd have some free time and we could study together. it would be nice to have some help delivering Chinese food. oh, there can be depressing. happy birthday, honey. I hate you. Kimmy, hey, that's no way to talk to your sister. sister, who are you? I'm Randy Peterson, and I was the lead detective on your case. so you know my mother, who, shocker, didn't show up today. nor I'm married to her, and I would have made sure she was here today, but I don't know where she took off again. again. she had another daughter. this is your sister, Jamie, because give me a special to me. no, I know. I've been watching you all night, staring at her all excited, like a little boy who just pick the lock on his daddy's job per armoire. this is not fun for me. I mean, looking down to a fight with Don because Don likes me. you're my boyfriend. dong is just my friend. but he wants more than that. he wants to shoot baby soup. I know. so I will tell him that I picked you. you have to do more than that. you need to cut him off completely. we are here today to discuss the terms of the divorce of Julian and Jaclyn Voorhees. thank you for joining me. I know you're both very busy. Forrest, why would you tell Jacqueline to divorce my dad? now? she's stripping our Hamptons house for copper wire, and I have to go live in Connecticut with my mom and Roger in there. gross baby. immigration invaded the restaurant. they took everyone, cooks, waiters, dishwashers. I was out on a delivery or else they were. it got me too. not only do I think it will be good for Zam's be in Connecticut, I think it'll be good for Connecticut to have Sam. I'm gonna get you back for this. I don't think I can just be your friend. what are you saying? I can't pretend I don't have feelings for you anymore. I'm sorry. do you know about the immigration thing? all right, look, I'm not ashamed to admit it. I called them, what? Kimi? that man attacked me and he was in the country illegally. daddy said, I should tell that's horrible. I want you to leave. you're kind and you're funny, and both our names mean penis and I don't want to be your friend either, because I like you. I mean, I like you. [Music], so you'll stay. I want to. immigration is looking for me, so the police, 15 years to find the reverence trial is starting, and they called me as a witness. what talented on. I mean, watch al-azhar on. I'm trying to say something supported us. estoy muy contento. gay. Sarah, Justicia. kr, de se como me nueva salsa picante male. this trial is a sham. the Reverend only has to answer to gosh himself. the only thing I'm guilty of is trying to save these girls from the end of days. I just done goofed up the math and got the date wrong. you gotta get here. I'm supposed to testify tomorrow. and you know how tricky the Reverend is, and our lawyers don't seem to know what the heck they're doing, because what we have to do right now is gonna be really hard. what are you talking about? we're going back to the bunker, Kurt, the bunker. yeah. [Music], it's here. it's all still here. you're on the air. can you hear me now? mister and Ramadan, the poor thing, that goony, simpleton needs me. I got a car in the divorce maybe. although trip is exactly what I need right now. are you even still my agent? I haven't heard from you in months. Jewish holidays. listen, T I saw that thing you did on the news. and third, you are blowing up. you went by Rome. [Music]. I should be home right now bawling asleep while Brandon just CrossFit. no, you don't. I'm speaking in English. see you at the end. o perfectamente. I learned English like two years in. hey, mr. Trump, my name is Richard Wayne, and I want to be the next you're a princess. what was the date of the Apocalypse? again? June 6 2006. you taped your audition for The Apprentice on June 5th. 2006. really believed the world was going to end the next day. then why in the ham sandwich were you trying to get on next season's apprentice? awesome season. I mean, it was the return of Omarosa. you're not bad at math sir. you're just bad. you never believed in anything. shut your mouth. Schmidt, I was so afraid of being alone that I went on a road trip with this woman, Lilly and, by the way, killing pleasure. but then a wolf helped me beat up a bunch of teenagers. a wolf, in the lakota tradition, the wolf represents family. and I realized, that's where I have to go. why didn't you call me back? wow, it's a long story, but here goes. immigration found me again. ahead in. no choice. no choice. mister. when the last time I said you can now kiss the bride? I thought you think speaking of weddings, Kimmy, this is Vonda, my wife. [Music]. you 