[Music], a sailing boat is shown as the film starts. some people are searching out a few things in it, because it is a deserted sailing boat. they find the shoes and notes of any man. police leave, taking these things in custody. suddenly, an ocean storm breaks out. tunnels begin to be destroyed. and all are gossiping about this happening. and it is a team of scientists. they all are worried, thinking about it as, why is this storm breaking out? is it earthquake? but no one is getting any idea. and police decide to investigate it. and this mission is started. people had started to face the chaos after this destruction. so police save them, but tunnels were still smoking. there were also some people who were enjoying while uploading this occurrence on social media, making the videos. and they were not fearing at all. but japanese government had detected that there is surely a biggest problem. some cabinet secretariats view as it is, seeming as there is any living creature in the ocean. they also know that the temperature of ocean is more than 10 degree centigrade. one more man there says, how is it credible that any living creature may live in the high temperature. the rest of the people say, who knows? this temperature may increase due to that living creature. now a meeting is held between statesmen and scientists. then the news is broadcast on tv, where they find a gigantic tale. it means they observe a gigantic tail appearing from the ocean, as it really belongs to any living creature. all are very surprised. all say it may be a new species. now they say that they will decide through voting, either it is required to kill or just imprison it. and they finally conclude to kill it. now that creature wanted to travel somewhere, then it crawls to the bridge while destroying the ships and boats crossing the water. and it crawls ahead while breaking the bridge. many people are victimized during this. scientist tells prime minister, this creature is going to bring much devastation. it should be killed as soon as possible. on the other side, one more man tells a man named yaguchi, that he has a friend named harimi. she has much information about such things. she may help us. so yagichi agrees, and he asks hirami to visit here. reaching there, she views some of creatures photos and videos. she tells others this creature can also walk because it has feet. it soon comes on the island, but no one trusts her. this told story soon turns into reality. that creature soon arrives on the land from the ocean, shaking its tail. it had no arms, but fins. it was appearing as there are fins near its neck, which are found on the big fish. it was giant. even that thing was crushed where it used to place its foot. the houses began to shake, and all nearby lying things fly in the air. people had started to fear more. that creature was hitting everything with its head. as a result, building and the cars are begun to ruin. roads were also cracking. and it was also destroying the people's houses hitting its tail. its speed is noted, 13 kilometers per hour. the forces reach here soon, and they begin to rescue the people of that place. now the government decide that it should be killed as soon as possible. so it immediately sends many military helicopters there. those helicopters are nearly to fire the missiles on that creature, godzilla, but they stop after observing that there are the some people in its surroundings, and they have to retreat. now, this godzilla's name was shin godzilla. it was japanese and different from other godzilla, and it was more threatening in the matter of devastation. then yagachi builds a team. there were more talented and devoted members. one of the talented boys speaks out from them that some of the people have extracted a pulp. it has been researched for many times. its samples have been sent to usa. one more man asks, among of them, what will it be eden? from? where does it get energy? harami starts to deliberate it, and she thinks, why had the temperature of ocean reached to 100 centigrade on that day? how did it increase much? it is obvious how godzilla's energy sources are either radioactive contamination or nuclear radiation. one man says to yaguchi that the belongings that we found on that day in the boat, we will have to search for him. he spent time in the ocean. who knows that he is investigating on it. all agree, because there was a little bit information about this creature in those notes found in the boat, but no one knew it before. now all were understanding it as what is it that man's research reveals that he had completed his research. now he was hoping that remaining research may be conducted by government scientists. he had also written it that godzilla lives in the ocean, and it heats those things in the water, which releases the radioactive rays. and it is depending on them for survival. it is not enough. its body its swollen as it comes on the land, and it grows from its normal size. yaguchi decides that godzilla will be sent to usa, so up-to-date experiments may be conducted on it, but no one knows when and how these will be conducted. they had to get a solution, how they have to stop godzilla to come on the land. they also get information that godzilla can change its body temperature at any time. so he comes on the land again and again.contrarily, some people are seen who were disfavoring this plan to attack godzilla, because they had a belief that godzilla is a sent animal by god, or they had also accepted it as their god. and they had no ideas how much destruction that it is creating. it soon finishes them. today was going to be more destructive because godzilla had again approached on the land. at this time it had more grown before it. it may kill the people. prime minister, commandment is received, rescue all people in the cellars. moreover kill godzilla as soon as possible. they send military who had the advance weapons. and they put themselves in the tough struggles. they attack it while firing, throwing bomb and missiles. but godzilla does not get any harm. now, japan was not getting ability to handle godzilla. so us. military approaches here. and they were attacking godzilla through the air strikes. consequently, there is created electric malfunctioning in the tunnels and the cellar where the nation was safe, the whole system of city had damaged. the building of prime minister was also in the same region where u.s military had to use the air strikes. so they also leave from here. now military starts to attack godzilla. they adjust military tanks on their position. there are also some tough operation by the aircraft. it means that shin godzilla is attacked from the four corners. people start to fire on them, but it is not harmed. godzilla's body begins to bleed after being injured badly. it senses itself evil because of the bleeding. and its body begins to emit the atomic rays. these rays also emit from its mouth. then it sets the city's building on fire while throwing the fire from its mouth. and they start to burn. it also damages u.s military's helicopters and the buildings, parting it in. the aircraft of prime minister is also exploded. now a strange happening occurs here. its tail seems to have some holes, and tail also begins to emit the atomic rays. these rays are setting everything on fire, parting them. and all airplanes and helicopters in the air are blasted. now yagichi and us. minster are along with each other, and they are so worried, thinking, nothing is defeating it. what will we do? now here, they arrange a meeting on urgent basis. here they plan. if godzilla possesses the atomic energy, nuclear pulse, so it is getting ability to destroy the whole world, while using it, why did its body not freeze to an extent that it may not utilize its powers? and all complement this decision. but they are got upset, thinking much coagulant will be required as this shin godzilla is giant, its supply is not available at this time. so they decide to explode him with the nuclear attack. but its devastating consequences could be expected too much. their whole city had destroyed in killing godzilla. it had left its influence for many years. but they are not permitted for it, and they are ordered that just work on that plan taken before. this plan was to freeze godzilla. now they make a plane in which they themselves will create the cogulant u.s government assures japan government official that we will rescue your nation. you may accomplish your task till that time. now one more fact is revealed trough a reporter that a man who had lost from the boat. why was he researching on this living creature or radioactive rays? because his wife had died due to any radioactive ray. they were researching on it. but being unsuccessful, they contacted government, but government overlooked them, calling insane. being heartbroken, they disappeared in unknown place. and their research notes are still in that sailing boat, which you got. some days are passed, and they come to know, after a research, that godzilla can expand its generation if it wants. now they all are afraid that they were not getting ability to handle one godzilla, how can other godzilla's maybe handles? so they start to work quickly on their plan. now it expresses to japan government that you are working on your plan with low pace. we have not much time. we will destroy it with the nuclear if you will not be able to complete it within two days. and there is left no effect on us. either destruction emerges in japan or not. we just have to destroy godzilla so it may not get access to us. now japan's nation is very worried, along with yaguchi, because the days were required to carry out the plan. knowing about it, other countries also help and favor japan. so this mission may be carried out soon. that day soon arrives when deep freeze plan is ready. now they say, we will have to activate godzilla. now godzilla is standing aside the railway lines. they drive their trains, which crash with godzilla. now godzilla is awakened, and it begins to precede them. godzilla is walking while destroying the cars, buildings and roads. now the low-energy missiles are thrown on it. so nearby building and people may not get any harm here. shin godzilla starts to use its abilities. it means that it uses all its abilities through which it could attack the people, as throw the fire from his mouth and emit the atomic rays. he begins to weaken when it's all energy is consumed, and its temperature itself begins to reduce. now japan's government and the nation had a plan that those buildings should be exploded where godzilla is standing. it's all debris will fall on godzilla, under which it will be buried, and it will not get power to stand again. now it is urgently ordered that freezing gas tanks should be brought these tankers of coagulant reach there. godzilla's face is out of that building debris, and it is little opened because it had weakened. the coagulant is injected in its mouth, bringing the tankers near its mouth, but it leaves no effect on it. and it stands again. while removing the debris, because there may not left any effect. while injecting the coagulant into the mouth, it again starts to fall, the building down, emitting the atomic rays from its tail. now they all are disturbed, thinking how it may fall down again. then all trains are again driven in the direction of godzilla. godzilla again falls down as they crash with it. and they all start to inject that coagulant in it. without wasting a moment. they all have masked themselves so this gas may not infect them. now they all direct the gas pipes towards its mouth and body, and they release that coagulant into it mouth. at one time. godzilla again stands up, but it was ended now, because its body temperatures decreased to an extent that it is frozen while standing there. and it is turned into hard stone. it was appearing as it is the fake dummy of godzilla. alt nation takes the breath of comfort as they come to know about it. they all are excited. they know that godzilla will remain frozen like this. it will end itself getting no eatable thing or the nuclear energy. now, japanese government, [Music], 