welcome. my name is for fear, and now I'm going to talk about avatar. in 2154, humans have depleted Earth's natural resources, leading to a severe energy crisis. the resources development administration, RDA for short minds for a valuable mineral unobtainium on pandora, a densely forested, habitable moon, orbiting the gas giant Polyphemus in the Alpha Centauri star system. pandora, whose atmosphere is poisonous to humans, is inhabited by the Navi, a species of ten-foot-tall, 3.0 meters you skinned sapien humanoids that live in harmony with nature and worship a mother goddess named a were to explore Pandora's biosphere, scientists use Navi human hybrids called avatars, operated by genetically matched humans. jakesully, a paraplegic former Marine, replaces his deceased, identical twin brother as an operator of one. dr grace augustine, head of the avatar program, considers Sully an inadequate replacement, but accepts his assignment as a bodyguard while escorting the avatars of Grace and fellow scientist, Dr norm Spellman as they collect biological data Jake's avatar is attacked by a sanatorium, flees into the forest where he is rescued by Neytiri, of female Navi. witnessing an auspicious sign, she takes him to her clan, whereupon nitori's mother, MOA, the clans spiritual leader, orders her daughter to initiate Jake into their society. Colonel miles Quaritch, head of our DA's private security force, promises jake that the company will restore his legs if he gathers information about the Navy and the clans gathering place a giant tree called home tree, which stands above the richest deposit of unobtainium in the area. when grace learns of this, she transfers herself, Jake and warm to an outpost. over the following three months, Jake grows to sympathize with the natives. after Jake is initiated into the tribe, he and Neytiri choose each other as mates. and soon afterward, jake reveals his change of Allegiance when he attempts to disable a bulldozer that threatens to destroy a sacred navi side. when corage shows a video recording of jake's attack on the bulldozer to administrator Parker Selfridge, and another in which Jake admits that the Navi will never abandon home treat. Selfridge orders home tree destroyed, despite Grace's argument that destroying home treats would damage the biological neural network native to Pandora. Selfridge gives Jake and grace one hour to convince the Navi to evacuate before commencing the attack. while trying to warn the Navi, Jake confesses to being a spy, and the Navi take him in grace captive. seeing this, foragers men destroy home tree, killing Nate Terry's father, the clan chief and many others. MO are freeze Jake and grace, but they are detached from their avatars and imprisoned by Courreges forces. pilot Trudy Chaiken, disgusted by Cora's brutality, freeze Jake Grace and warm and air lifts them to Grace's outpost. but during the escape, Quaritch fires of them hitting grace. to regain the Navy's trust, Jake connects his mind to that of toric, a dragon like predator, fear Dan by the Navi. Jake finds the refugees at the sacred tree of souls and pleads with MOA to heal grace. the clan attempts to transfer grace from her human body into her avatar with the aid of the tree of souls, but she dies before the process can be completed. supported by the new chief [ __ ], Jake speaks to unite the clan and tells them to gather all of the clans to battle against the RDA. noticing the impending Gathering, Quaritch organizes a preemptive strike against the tree of souls, believing that its destruction will demoralize the natives. on the IVA battle, Jake prays to eywa, via a neural connection with the tree of souls, to intercede on behalf of the Navi. during the subsequent battle, the Navi suffer heavy casualties, including sue T and Trudy, but a rescued when Pandora and Wildlife unexpectedly joined the attack and overwhelmed the humans, which Neytiri interprets as a was answer to Jake's prayer. Jake destroys a makeshift bomber before it can reach the tree of souls. Quaritch, wearing an a MP suit escapes from his own damaged aircraft and breaks open the Avatar link unit containing Jake's human body, exposing it to Pandora's poisonous atmosphere. moorage prepares to slit the throat of Jake's avatar, but Neytiri kills Quaritch and saves jake from suffocation. with the exceptions of jake norman a select few others, all humans are expelled from pandora and sent back to earth, after which jake is permanently transferred into his avatar with the aid of the tree of souls. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 