Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you A Dutch Psychological Disturbing, Thriller film called Borgman, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. The movie starts in an isolated village of Netherlands, with a Man dressing up and getting his guns ready, he takes his companion with him, and he goes to a church. Then the group of men, along with the priest are armed and they make their way towards a forest. A man lives in an underground hideout, he hears the footsteps of group approaching, and he sneaks outside with a pipe, and then he makes a phone call, but no one answers. One of the group members starts poking iron rod in the ground, then the priest aggressively grabs an axe, and he starts destroying the hideout, making it collapse. The man beneath the ground uses a smoke grenade to escape and cause distraction. He then runs from there is sports mode, within the underground tunnels followed by the armed priest. He sneaks out and runs from there, after a bit, he stops and he taps on the ground notifying his friend, Ludwig, about the intruders, and warns him to answer the phone next time. He then taps the ground again, and he notifies another friend, Pascal, and warns him to answer his phone calls. The man is named Camiel, and he makes his way to the Gas Station. There, he washes his face and then he makes his way to a rich neighbourhood. He goes to a mansion, and then he asks the lady, if he can take a shower there? She closes the door on his face, disappointed he walks from there to another mansion. There, he observes the mansion, that it has a guest house as well. He rings the bell and, Richard, opens the door and he introduces himself as fake name, Anton, and he asks him, if he can take a shower there? Richard denies and he wants him to leave, but Anton says that he is just a traveller, who needs some help. Richard closes the door, then Anton claims that he is friend of Richard\xe2\x80\x99s wife. They both open the door this time, and she cannot recall knowing anyone named Anton. He claims further that he knows, Marina, and she nursed him while he was in hospital. Richard pushes him away, and Anton asks, if he is doing this because he knows his wife? Richard heats up and he starts kicking him, he then beats him with a stick, like a snake in the grass. Later, he asks her how she knows him, and if she is hiding things behind his back? She denies everything, and she reminds him about their promise of always being honest. However, she feels bad for the homeless man, and she suggests Richard should have helped someone in need, and he leaves. Later that day, the babysitter for the kids, Stine, arrives there and Richard is seen reading a story to his kids. He then informs Marina, that he has some urgent work. Once he leaves, Marina sees a light, so she sneaks out and she goes to the guest house, but she finds it empty. She then opens the Garage, and she finds him there. She then takes him to the guest house, and she does the medic for him. The babysitter Stine shows up there, and Marina orders her, not to tell anyone that she is going to allow the homeless men to take a shower there. Later, Anton is seen enjoying the tub and having a meal. She then gives him a pair of clothes, and she is driven by guilt that Richard harmed an innocent man, so she allows him to stay in the guest house. The next day, their elder daughter is sick, so she stays at home and Stine takes the kids out. She sees Anton sneaking on them, she tells her mom that she saw a magician. Then, Marina goes to the guest house, she suggests that he should leave, and she can drop him to a private clinic if needed, he denies it by saying, his heart is in pain from the misbehaviour and he promises to stay locked in the room, he begs to stay for few more days and have some food, she agrees and she leaves. Anton gets a text saying, Has the time come yet? He replies not yet. Later that day, Anton is taking a bath, and Marina\xe2\x80\x99s daughter shows up, he offers her to read a fairy-tale and then he asks her to leave. Richard comes back to home, and he gives Marina, a diamond necklace. However, she looks more disappointed than happy. Later that night, Marina goes to the guest house with dinner, she goes inside but the room is empty, she finds a pair of binoculars there and she realizes that their house is fully seen from there and she leaves. Meanwhile, Anton is inside the house, and he is reading bedtime story to all three kids as he promised earlier. Marina shows up, and she asks him to take her seriously and not to enter the house as he promised. Later, Marina dreams that Richard is beating her in a very brutal manner. Anton is seen seating on top of Marina while she sleeps. The next day, she goes to the guest house, but she finds it empty, she then goes to the woods, and she sees Anton leaving, she asks him, why is he leaving? he claims that he is tired of living inside the room, and he wants to eat food with them on the table, she says it\xe2\x80\x99s not possible, but she wants him to stay, then he inquiries about the family gardener. Later, he calls a woman named Ilonka and Brenda, he tells them about an assignment that they need to do. He then takes some poison out of his bag, and he prepares a weapon. He then observes the gardener, and soon he shoots the gardener with his weapon, the gardener is suffering, and he falls to the ground. Anton goes to him, and he offers him to take him home, and then he drives gardener\xe2\x80\x99s car and arrive to his home. Later, his wife is putting a warm towel on his head, Anton claims that he already called a team of doctors, and they should be on their way. In the wife\xe2\x80\x99s absence, he knocks the gardener down, and both women called earlier, shows up, as a pair of doctors. Brenda is pretending to check the gardener and Anton takes off his tie. Sooner, Ilonka strangles her from behind, killing her. Then they take two buckets, and put the couple\xe2\x80\x99s head in it, and they fill it with cement. At home, Marina finds a shoe and she starts collecting everything, she then gets rid of the shoe. Richard arrives there and he is shocked to see his wife collecting dirt, he suggests that they should leave it on their gardener, but she claims that the gardener resigned from the work today. He cannot believe it, so she shuts him by a kiss. He tells her how much she means to him, and their all three kids show up. Later, the wicked group is seen watching tv in gardener\xe2\x80\x99s home. The next day, the group uses gardener\xe2\x80\x99s car, and they go to a lake, there they dump their bodies with cement bucket. Few hours later, Pascal gets a call from Anton, and they make a sinister plan. The next day, Ludwig and Pascal take down a man who tries to come to the house for a gardener job, another applicant goes to the house, but Richard says the N word and closes the door. Later that day, Anton is in a fresh look, and he identifies himself as Camiel, Richard cannot identify him, and he invites him inside the house. Marina recognizes him, she is impressed, and she seems excited. Stine is on the way with kids, and little girl notices a body outside the house. Upon arrival, she goes to the woods, and she finds the man badly injured. She then brings a giant stone, and she kills him with it. In the house, Richard shows him the house and hires him for the job. That night, Marina finds her daughter\xe2\x80\x99s favourite teddy bear torned apart. The next day, she asks her who did it? her daughter is aggressive, and she says it was fun doing it, which makes Marina to yell at her. In meantime, the ladies dump one more body in the lake, and then Ilonka takes a bath in the same lake. At the house, Excited Marina goes to Camiel, and she asks him, how many names he has? Strangely he replies that he is busy, and he needs to concentrate on work. She brought food for him, but he is not a simp, and he is not interested anymore. Later, Stine goes to Marina, she wants a leave, since her boyfriend is a soldier and he is not with her most of the time, but Marina denies it by saying she needs to meet him first. Sooner, Marina goes to the guest house, and Camiel demands that he needs his team of gardeners, and then he introduces Ludwig and Pascal to her. Later that night, Camiel is telling the kids a story, against their faith to manipulate them. Then Camiel is sitting on top of Marina, while the team enters the house. She wakes up, and she starts arguing with Richard, she claims that he was beating her again in her nightmare and then she leaves. She then goes to Camiel at the guest house, and she wants him to kiss her, but he is not interested, and he asks her to have patience and she\xe2\x80\x99ll get everything. The next day, Stine didn\xe2\x80\x99t show up to work, and the kids are late for school. So, Ludwig and Pascal take them. Then they both take them to an abandoned bunker, inside, they offer them some drinks and Ludwig opens a pair of Scalpels. At the house, Stine brings her boyfriend, Arthur, to meet Marina. The kids are back but they look tired and sleepy, Richard gets home for Lunch, he orders to have some flowers on his dining table. So, Stine is sent to the backyard, there, Pascal tells her that he will only give her flowers if she goes inside the guest house. Later, it\xe2\x80\x99s been hours and Stine is not back, so Arthur goes to check on her, but she is not in the guest house. She comes back with a different attitude, Pascal did magic on her, and now she is aggressive, Arthur tries to comfort her, but she is aggressive. Then Richard corners Marina and he gives her a bad news that he is fired from work, and she leaves. Later at dinner, everyone seems strange and upset, Marina asks Arthur what his father does for living, he replies his father owns The Q company, upon hearing that, Richard rages up and he reveals it to everyone that his father fired him, and Richard starts insulting Arthur. Then they both get into a fight and Ludwig takes him down. Stine is compelled by Pascal and she wants to cuddle with him, but he calmly rejects her, and he asks her to leave. In meantime, Ludwig dumps unconscious Arthur on the side of the road. The next day, Stine informs Marina that all three children are ill. Marina then calls their family doctor. Upon hearing that, Sine goes to Pascal and tells them about it. Sooner, the ladies go to the family doctor and take him down. Then they show up to the house as his substitute. Later, Pascal gives Stine the same orange drink and that makes her fall asleep, Ludwig comes to the room with the set of tools, and he performs a surgery on her. Camiel is seen sitting on top of Marina, and she gets a nightmare, that her husband is forcing and torturing her. She wakes up and she starts fighting with Richard and he overpowers her. Once he leaves, she goes to Camiel, and she orders him to kill Richard. Later that night, she goes to Richard, and she asks him if he needs a drink. Camiel then mixes the poison in the drink. Their daughter goes and gives him the drink, and he hugs her, she says Bye papa before leaving. Later, Richard gets inside the house. The sinister group is watching them from the guest house, and Richard dies in front of Marina. Then Camiel goes inside the house with the whole group, and he introduces her with the group. Later, she takes him to a room, and she expresses her love to him, and she wants to kiss him, he denies it calmly. Meanwhile, Ludwig and Pascal tie Richard\xe2\x80\x99s body, and they go to the water and dump him there. Later, Camiel puts poison in Marina\xe2\x80\x99s drink, sooner she lies on the bed, he gives her a kiss and he leaves from there. The ladies dump her body as well, then Camiel is seen walking with all three kids, along with the babysitter, and his Sinister group towards the forest. He looks at now abandoned mansion and he leaves. Then the movie ends. 