hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2005 film Batman Begins, the first film in The Dark Knight series. so let's get started. the film takes place in the fictional city of Gotham, where a young Bruce Wayne falls down a well and is attacked by bats, developing his fear of bats, Bruce is the heir to Wayne Enterprises, a massive and wealthy corporation. later on, we see Bruce and his parents are at an opera, where Bruce becomes frightened by performer dressed like a bat and asks his parents if he can leave. once outside, his parents are mugged and killed in front of him by a man named Joe Chill. Bruce is left to be raised by his Butler, Alfred. 14 years later, Chill is freed from prison in exchange for testimony against the mafia boss carmine Falcone. Bruce intended to murder Chill after his release. however, Falcone has Chill killed. Bruce's childhood friend and assistant, DA Rachael berates Bruce for trying to kill Chill. Bruce leaves Gotham to travel the world and learn new skills. and abilities confront injustice. Bruce meets Henri Ducard, who trains him to become a member of the League of Shadows, a secret martial arts society led by Rachel Google. Bruce is trained to purge his fears through his training, in part through using Hallucigenia flowers. after completing his training, Bruce learns that the League of Shadows plans on destroying the city of Gotham to purge it of corruption, and believes that Gotham is beyond saving. Bruce disagrees, starts a fight with the members of the League of Shadows and escapes. Rachele Ghul is killed by falling debris, and Bruce saves Ducard from the flames. Bruce returns to Gotham intent on fighting crime. he also takes an interest in his family's company, Wayne Enterprises, which is currently being run by William Earle. Bruce meets with the company's archivist, Lucius Fox, who gives Bruce access to a variety of prototype military weapons. inspired by his fear, Bruce uses the equipment to dome the vigil T identity of Batman and sets up his base in the bat infested caves beneath his mansion. Fabian intercepts one of Falcone's drug shipments, which gives Rachel enough evidence, along with honest police sergeant James Gordon, to arrest the untouchable crime lord. however, it comes to light that a great deal Falcone's men are declared mentally unfit by the corrupt doctor Jonathan crane and are transferred to Arkham Asylum, where crane works as the chief administrator. Falcone threatens to expose Crain, and Crain releases a fear inducing Hallucigenia drug very similar to the flowers that Batman initially trained with. and crane dons the burlap mask that his father had, identifying himself as the Scarecrow. while investigating the Scarecrow, Batman becomes exposed to the drug and becomes incapacitated. Alfred saves Batman, and Fox develops an antidote with the toxin. it is revealed that the Scarecrow has slowly been putting Hallucigenia water stream, which will become activated by some stolen technology. Bevan has three more antidotes, where he gives one to Rachel, one to the sergeant Jim Gordon and one to be analyzed and mass-produced Duke art appears at Bruce's 30th birthday party, and it is revealed that he is actually Rachele ghoul. race reveals that he is behind the Scarecrow, and they plan on using a microwave device that they stole in order to activate the fear toxin in the water supply to put Gotham in a state of panic, causing its citizens to kill each other out of fear. raysh sets the Wayne Manor on fire and leaves Bruce to die. but Bruce is saved again by Alfred raysh has the microwave device loaded onto the Gotham monorail, but Batman is able to stop the rail before the device can be activated. Batman refuses to kill race, but he chooses instead to not save him as the train explodes. Bruce gains Rachel's respect, but loses her love as she decides she cannot be with him while he is the Batman. Bruce takes the controlling stake in Wayne Enterprises and makes Fox the new head of the company. Gordon is promoted to lieutenant and shows Batman the bat-signal as he mentions a new criminal who leaves Joker playing cards behind as a calling card, which helps lead into the next film, The Dark Knight. so that was the spoilers for Batman Begins. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 