[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2009 zombie comedy film, zombie land. so let's get started. two months have passed since a strain of mad cow disease mutated and turned people into zombies. survivors use their city of origin as nicknames. college student Columbus is making his way through his college dorm in Texas to Columbus, Ohio to see whether his parents are still alive. he encounters Tallahassee, who allows Columbus to travel with him. the pair meets Wichita and her younger sister, Little Rock, in a grocery store. the sisters trick Tallahassee and Columbus into handing over their weapons by pretending that Little Rock is infected by the disease, and then steal their Escalade. the men find a yellow Hummer h2 loaded with weapons and then go after the sisters. however, the girls spring another trap and take them as hostages. Tallahassee steals his gun back and has a standoff with Wichita, until Columbus makes them realize that there are bigger problems, resulting in a truce. the sisters revealed that they are going to the Pacific Playland amusement park in Los Angeles, an area supposedly free of zombies. after alerting his hometown has been destroyed and his parents are likely killed, Columbus decides to accompany the others to California. Columbus persistently tries to impress Wichita. when the group reaches Hollywood, Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray's mansion. Tallahassee and Wichita meet Murray, who disguises himself as a zombie so he can safely walk around town. Murray is killed, however, when Columbus shoots him, mistaking him for a real zombie during a practical joke. Wichita becomes attracted to Columbus, and Tallahassee bonds with Little Rock. Wichita fears attachment and leaves with Little Rock for the Pacific Playland. the next morning, Columbus and Tallahassee go after them. at Pacific Playland, the sisters activate all the rides and lights, but it draws attention that the zombies in the surrounding areas. the sisters are trapped on a drop tower ride when Tallahassee and Columbus arrived Tallahassee lures the zombies away, creating a distraction for Columbus to reach the tower. Tallahassee locks himself in a game booth, shooting zombies as they arrive. Columbus reaches the tower and helps the girls down. Wichita kisses Columbus and reveals her real name, Christa. the group leaves Pacific Playland as the film ends. so that was the spoilers for zombie land. if you have another film you'd like to see us spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 