Welcome to Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a movie titled: Exist.  Be aware, there are spoilers! Traveling into the woods, a group of five record their adventures on their way to their destination. Brian and Matt who are brothers, Matt's girlfriend Dora and their friends Todd and Elizabeth. The ultimate goal is to get to a cabin which belongs to Brian and Matt\xe2\x80\x99s uncle. They stop in and make a purchase at a firework stand. The journey continues as they enter the woods taking in the scenery. Later that night, as they are driving through the woods their car strikes an unknown creature.  The guys go out to inspect the damage, thinking they\xe2\x80\x99ve hit a deer. Then the sound of a wailing animal is heard echoing in the forest. The boys go out with night vision goggles to investigate what is making the sound. Something passes through the bush. Before they can determine what it is, Elizabeth honks the horn, telling them it is time to go.  While Matt continues driving, Brian takes a look at the footage that they captured prior to the accident. At first, he was annoyed as his friends had lit his beard on fire. Continuing to look through the footage, he gets a glimpse of the animal. However, he discovers that whatever creature it was, it was walking upright. Just then Matt informs the car that they have arrived. As they drive up a dirt road, they come across a fallen tree blocking their car from driving further. They decide to walk the rest of the way. Eventually they make it to the cabin, but they find that the door has been left open. Looking around the cabin, it is apparent that no one has lived here for quite some time, as leaves are scattered everywhere. Brian jumps on one of the beds, making dust fly up around the cabin. As he is being rambunctious, they hear a strange sound. Matt investigates, leading him to a partially closed room. He opens the door as squealing and screaming ensue. It turns out that there is a pig in the cabin. The discovery of the pig is the last straw, they agree to leave the cabin and sleep in the car instead.  While his friends are asleep, Brian takes video but soon hears a low howling coming from the woods. Matt is awakened, and both question what is making the noise. Matt turns on the headlights so that they can see, yet nothing is visible. Brian lowers his window, and claims he can hear something crying, so Matt tells him to raise the window back up. Brian then asks Matt if the unusual sound might be the thing that Uncle Bob saw. Matt is dismissive, telling Brian not to talk about it. When morning comes, they are better able to see the damage to the car. They find blood on the lights and on the bumper, a small bit of hair is stuck in the radiator.  A bit later, Brian is readying his camera for the bike jump into the lake a while later. They\xe2\x80\x99re laughing and flipping into the water, followed by some skinny dipping. Brian follows Elizabeth and Todd who appear to be doing some exploring, when Brian sees something run across the ridge in the woods. Brian then goes back to the spot he initially recorded the sighting. He begins speaking to the camera about an encounter his uncle had in these same woods. Something that scared him terribly. Brian then finds a footprint, a big-foot print. Then the sounds of leaves rustling and a creature are heard, enough to get Brian to leave the area.  Night has come, and Brian is out in the woods, making bad attempts at mimicking animals. Dora comes out asking him what he\xe2\x80\x99s doing, and he assures her it\xe2\x80\x99s to become famous. He falls asleep on the hammock, then hears some noises in the woods yet again. Thinking he\xe2\x80\x99s heard Sasquatch; he slowly approaches a tree where he thinks it's hiding. To his surprise, it's just Todd and Matt, armed with paintball guns, who proceed to unload on him.  As they mock Brian for being scared of Sasquatch, it begins howling. The three then run inside, close the doors, and turn off all the lights. From the darkness, the silhouette of Sasquatch walks up to the door. Brian goes to the window, and gets to see Bigfoot firsthand, it roars and runs away. Just a few moments later everyone hears the sound of metal and glass being broken. The next morning, as the group begin to leave, they find that the car has been smashed, impaled by a branch, and will no longer start. Back in the cabin, the group debate their coming plans. Dora suggests waiting for uncle Bob. Brian tells them that they\xe2\x80\x99ve stolen his key, and that nobody knows that they are out there. Matt volunteers to ride a bike back to civilization to get cell reception to call for help. He stops periodically checking for cell reception. In the meantime, the rest of the group start to barricade inside the house. As they move things around, they find a cellar underneath a rug. Todd explores the cellar and finds a gun, loaded, and with ammunition. Brian finally gets a cell signal and dials 9-11, but the reception is not strong enough. He then calls Uncle Bob, just then he sees Sasquatch approaching from behind. Matt frantically takes off, alerting his uncle that he and his friends are at his cabin. Sasquatch roars and gives chase. After doing his best to outpace it, the Sasquatch catches up to him, making him miss his turn back to the cabin. He tumbles off his bike and finds that his right is broken and the bone is exposed. With all his might, he tries to hobble away from the Sasquatch, but it eventually grabs him and tosses him.  Back at the cabin, Brian lets the rest of the group know that the dangers were known but they didn\xe2\x80\x99t believe in it. Just as Todd tries to reassure them that Matt will pull through, the bike Matt had been riding, sails through the air and lands on the porch. The group realize that Sasquatch is nearby, and barricade themselves further inside. As night finally comes, Sasquatch returns, taking out the generator. Sasquatch then tries to get through the door, but he can\xe2\x80\x99t, so he instead comes through the window. Todd shoots at it as the rest retreat into a nearby room. Sasquatch then tries to get in, only stopping when Todd shoots at the door.  Just when they think it has left, Sasquatch\xe2\x80\x99s arm reaches through the window and grabs Elizabeth by the neck. Violently smashing her against the wall, picking her up, and strangling her. Sasquatch throws Elizabeth, as the group retreat to the cellar, Todd carrying Elizabeth. Sasquatch disassembles the upper floor searching for them. Elizabeth then regains consciousness, which alerts Sasquatch as to where they are. It then proceeds to kick in the door, but Todd shoots and is finally able to hit it. Finally, it runs off.  The next morning, they find that the upstairs has been completely wrecked. Brian gives them the ok to come back up, but Elizabeth has not made it through the night. They decide that they must leave immediately, they will come back for Elizabeth\xe2\x80\x99s body later. Brian suggests taking a trail through the woods, enabling them to get to safety faster. They then come across Matt\xe2\x80\x99s backpack, and then find Matt\xe2\x80\x99s helmet. Dora erupts in sadness thinking Matt must have been killed. The three continue through the woods, and find shelter for the night.  As they rest, they hear something out in the woods again. Sasquatch isn\xe2\x80\x99t far away. Todd goes into a fit of rage, shooting erratically into the woods. Sasquatch keeps distance, and instead hurls rocks at them. Todd then finds out that the shell in the gun isn\xe2\x80\x99t ejecting. Todd tells both Brian and Dora they need to run for it. Just as they get a reasonable distance, they find an abandoned camper. However, optimism turns into horror when they hear the screams of Matt tearing through the woods. They follow the screams to a tunnel. Brian takes the gun and begins looking for him.  Crawling his way through the tunnel, Brian finds Matt curled up in pain. Matt\xe2\x80\x99s legs have been smashed. Sasquatch is still in the area. Brian is then able to take a shot at it, scaring it away temporarily, dragging his brother through the tunnel back towards the rest of the group. Once reunited, they head back to the camper for shelter. They get a bit of a signal, and Uncle Bob confirms that he is at the cabin. Todd then comes up with a plan to use the fireworks to make some noise, so that Uncle Bob can find their location. After Todd launches off the fireworks, Sasquatch appears through the smoke. He begins chasing Todd all the way to the camper. It eventually catches up with him, dragging him back into the woods and killing him.  As the rest tremble in fear about what just happened, they are startled as Todd\xe2\x80\x99s body is thrown into the camper. Sasquatch then comes close but does not enter. Instead, it pushes the camper off a cliff. The three tumble a good distance as Brian finds that he is injured, Matt has died, and Dora is about to die. To make things worse, Sasquatch leaps off the cliff and onto the camper, it now chases Brian, and tears through the camper. Brian runs for his life rolling down a hill. He is not dead but decides to play dead as Sasquatch gets close. It roars in his face, and shakes him, but Brian continues faking his demise, till finally it starts dragging him through the woods. Sasquatch drags Brian to an open area of the woods and leaves. Brian opens his eyes and sees that Sasquatch has dragged him and all of his friends to the same area, lining their bodies up right next to one another. Panicking, he sees a smaller Sasquatch. It has been placed in a hole, and has been decorated with branches sticking out of its body. Sasquatch returns and shoves Brian towards the baby. It continues pushing Brian towards it, as to show Brian what he and his friends have done. It's at this moment, the sound of a gun breaks the interaction, and Sasquatch runs off. Uncle Bob has come to the rescue leading him through some more woods. As Brian cries out about the mistake he\xe2\x80\x99s made, Sasquatch tackles Uncle Bob. Brian grabs the gun and runs for it, but eventually stops and points it at Sasquatch. He tells it he is sorry, and it was an accident what happened to his baby. Brian gets a good look at Sasquatch and can see that he has been shot and is bleeding. After staring each other down, Brian decides to stop the escalation and places the gun down. Brian turns to the camera saying this is his last video, he then turns his back to Sasquatch, and prepares for death. However, Sasquatch walks the other way, leaving Brian as the sole survivor.  Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notifications. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 