story recapped here. today, i'm going to explain a comedy, horror and romance film called spontaneous. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. mara carlyle, a senior, attends her pre-calculus class on a typical school day in covington high school. she drops her pencil, and as she picks it up, something explodes. blood is spattered all around the room. the rest of the class end up in a state of shock after realizing that their classmate, caitlin, has exploded. her seat is drenched in blood in her remains. mara stares at what used to be caitlyn's seat, her mind grasping at what just happened, while the rest of her classmates rush outside. even though caitlyn was sweet and airy, she used to be the dalton twins number one customer. the twins, joe and jenna, are also infamous for being the top dealers in school. if a student's looking for a high, they go to the twins. mara meets up with her best friend, tess mcnulty outside the school. tess is shocked by the situation as mara tells her that caitlyn exploded like a balloon. tess notices mara's shoes drenched in their schoolmate's blood. investigators arrive at the scene and gather caitlyn's remaining stuff. they conclude that she was not a bomber because no weapons were found. while at the location, the investigators find nothing but a bloodbath. they are surprised to see the whole classroom covered with caitlyn's blood. as they retrieve more evidence. after the unprecedented event, mara and her classmates are brought to the police station. they are interrogated about the incident and asked if they noticed anything suspicious beforehand. the student's clothes are confiscated while they shower and change into sweatsuits. they gather in a small room in silence, until mara snickers. the rest of the students shoot her judging looks. while the others talk about what happened. several conspiracies come up, and mara tells them that it might happen again. this chilling thought sparks fear and controversy. the police finally released the kids so they could reunite with their family. mara's parents pick her up from the station and embrace her, feeling glad that she's safe. the ride home is quiet. she is not prepared to talk about it at all. her parents express their concern, thinking that it might be a shooter. still, she dismisses the idea and excuses herself to her room. once settled, she receives a text message from an unknown number. the text says, he just wanted to say that i've had a crush on you for two years. mara is uninterested, but she replies anyway. she exchanges texts with her secret admirer, which helps take her mind off the dreadful event. the following day, the school holds a memorial for caitlyn before her funeral. at the incident, neighbors and friends gathered a big goodbye for the last time. caitlyn's father sadly removes a sticker from their family car. the sight of it puts mara in a depressive state. so she turns to the dalton twins in chase of a high tess is entirely against this idea and tries her best to stop mara, but to no avail. the twins recommend a substance, which mara purchases. mara pours her purchase in a cup and drinks it at the local diner while tessa companies are just in case something happens. they talk about their lives and how they've been best friends since elementary school and have been inseparable since then. their ultimate life plan is to purchase a beach house and grow all together. as they give a toast to caitlyn, mara drinks from the cup and starts to get fazed. moments later, dylan hovmayer, their quiet classmate who used to be a transferee, approaches their table. mara and tess take time to decide whether or not he could sit with them. dylan eventually takes a seat, and the three of them talk about the funeral and try to make light of the situation. mara directly asks dylan why he came over. she instantly realizes that he is the unknown number she has been exchanging messages with. he confesses that he has a crush on her. mara gets excited and is caught off guard. she asks him why he confessed. all of a sudden, dylan tells her that the incident reminded him that life's too short, and he wants to live while he can, before it happens all over again. at this point, mara feels like throwing up because of what she drank. she lets dylan accompany her to the bathroom. after getting the substance out of her system. mara looks hazely at dylan. she initially laughs it off, but he stays with her throughout it. dylan asks her to homecoming, and mara thinks of why she should say no, but is too intoxicated to decide. during halloween, students dress up in costumes of characters of their choice. mara and dylan meet up with each other that day. she makes him tell her the story of how he fell in love with her from the day he saw her. dylan tells her all the time she caught him with amazement. in two years, he only dared to approach her. recently, he recalls the day of the caitlyn incident. mara was bringing two backpacks, one of which belonged to caitlyn. dylan came to ask how she is and also recalled what she said at the station. during a football game, the two sit together. mar then tells him that she likes him. in a matter of seconds, one of the players explodes. everyone at the game rushes to the exit after seeing a bloody field as the two embraces harry love, who's a member of the varsity team, is the new victim. his name dominates the news as the whole town trends with the phrase covington curse. another memorial is held for harry, led by his teammates. at home, mara receives news from her parents that school is cancelled indefinitely. uncertainty fills the whole town as the reason behind the incidents is still to be known. mara waits for dylan outside her home. he arrives in a rundown ice cream truck that he bought with his savings. they drive to a party hosted by one of their classmates. as mara and dylan grow closer to each other. at the party, they head outside and find themselves alone together. dylan jokes around to ease the atmosphere, and they throw their cups in the air and glee. after an emotional conversation and moments of sexual tension built up, mara and dylan share their first kiss. all of a sudden, people start running out of the house, screaming. a horrible chill set in their bodies. as they enter the house and sees the blood in the living room, another student has exploded. the following morning, mara and tess are summoned by agent carla rossetti, who interviews them about the explosions. her pragmatic beliefs help her theorize the possibility that one person may be behind all of these explosions. mara and tess are clueless about what to tell her, as they have no idea what is happening. after the meeting, mara heads to the dalton twins home to inform them that agent rossetti thinks that illegal substances caused the explosions. the twins dismiss her crazy remark with a laugh. mar then purchases all of their products, as instructed by agent rossetti. this is to test your theory of illegal substances being the culprit. jenna and joe are delighted to have their stock sold out. with one purchase, they grab the keys to their car and head to their stash. the twins hide it in a secret place to keep it safe. while driving, joe explodes. jenna looks at the now empty driver's seat in complete disbelief. she and mara look at each other with reflected emotions. jenna tries to control the steering wheel, but the blood-drenched car makes it almost impossible. she explodes a mere seconds later, and mara blacks out as the car crash by the side of the road. dylan arrives at the scene of the accident, and he rushes to find any signs of mara, but he gets hopeless. after seeing an empty car filled with blood. he gets up and sees a bloody handprint on a rock. this gives him hope, so he runs to the nearby river to check on her. she is cleaning herself when dylan arrives at her rescue. mara is shattered after witnessing the literally bloody accident. dylan has extra clothes for her. in a matter of seconds, men in hazmat suits arrive in the woods. they take both of them away to be quarantined in a medical facility. as mara gains consciousness, dr ralonda assures her that she will help her. she tries to lift herself up, but her body is covered with tubes. as she is examined, mara sees dylan right beside her in the same situation. they both reach for each other's hands. in between the plastic covers. that night, dylan confirms tomorrow that the doctors are indeed doing tests on them. he also tells her that the whole class is in the same facility. they move their beds closer to each other, and dylan romantically asks mara if she could be his girlfriend, to which she says yes. the following day, the series of tests begin. the government is behind it to create a cure that would keep their blood inside their bodies. they have one by one sessions with dr ralanda, who interviews and monitors the class. although they are locked up, they are still provided comfort. they are even given a common room and time for recreational activities. they talk about trying to break out, but harper, one of their classmates, says that he is having a great time. he adds that in the tent, they are assured that they are healthy. a government official shows them a presentation about the search for the cure. mara questions their methods and is unconvinced about their way of trying to help them. the man gets taken aback by their behavior. harper backs mara's claims and says that politicians are useless. as they cheer, harper explodes because of this. the kids remain at the facility while their families wait outside. in the middle of the night, another of their classmates explodes while sleeping, and the doctor informs her parents hope is slowly fading at this rate. however, the search for a cure must continue. endless medications and interviews are undergone by the class as days go by, more of them still explode. as the medications prove to be ineffective. their days slowly look like a routine. by the time they think that the perfect medication is formulated, the kids are released home. their families welcome them outside the tent. on the way home, mara is ecstatic, to say the least. she notices that, although christmas is around the corner, the streets do not look very lively. she asks her parents why there are no decorations. they reply that the citizens do not feel festive because of the human explosions. the three of them arrive home and they surprise mara with a christmas tree. she gets delighted and excited as they add more ornaments in their small living room. she shares a special moment with her parents while they smoke. they all continue to take the medication prescribed to them on christmas day, dylan comes over to her place and they share an intimate moment together. whenever they are together, they both feel safe, as if the incidents did not happen. school is resumed, and mara is dreadful about the idea. tess motivates her to attend. as things are going back to normal. the kids are back to class, and their teacher assures them of their safety. the day since the last explosion is also recorded on their whiteboard. cole, one of their classmates, wears protective gear. his whole body is covered with shields. the rest of them look at him with confusion. agent rosetti continues to monitor the kids and their health. she has temporarily set up an office in their school to check on them closely. according to her, it is always better to hope for the best and expect for the worst. on dylan's birthday, mara surprises him. she designs a barn with colorful lights and plays music in hopes of bringing back dylan's childhood memories. both of them enjoy the music as they dance together. dr rolando visits them at school the following day to inform the class that the medication, also known as the snooze button will be available over the counter. according to her, the snooze button is not the cure, but just a treatment. she asks for a volunteer to step forward. as she demonstrates how the medication works. steve volunteers and goes in front of the room. dr ralonda instructs him to do movements. out of nowhere, steve explodes. in a matter of seconds, more kids explode inside the room. they stop for a moment and rush outside to run. as the stampede starts, more of them start popping, leaving the whole premises bloody. mara and dylan run together as they make their way out. it is complete chaos. coal grabs mara once dylan gets farther away from her. unfortunately, the only thing that the protective gear has done to coal was to keep his blood from splattering. mara finds her way out. she is afraid to be alone, but luckily, dylan comes to her again. they feel ecstatic that they could escape. but their celebration is cut short when dylan suddenly explodes. this leaves mara in a pit of sadness and blood as she makes her way home. she could not even speak or cry the sight of dylan being gone under. days go by and mara just locks herself at home. she could not bring herself to go outside and attend dylan's funeral. their spontaneous love story has ended abruptly in the worst way possible. she spends her time watching dylan's old videos and mixing cocktails. she falls into a pit of alcoholism to cope with her sadness. mara's father just looks at her hopelessly, but he knows that she needs this break. after a night of drinking, she goes to tessa's house to invite her to go drinking. she discourages her from going to school, but tess refuses. the van to school arrives and mara is left alone drunk. she starts crashing protests and continues to get herself drunk for the day. agent rossetti comes to help her, but she throws a liquor bottle at the agent's car. mara is hopeless about her life. she is sure that at any moment she might explode as well. she looks up updates on the internet about the covington curse and a tragic series of explosions among her peers. she comes to the school one night to look at the shrines and think deeply about what she should do about her life. it is now prom night. mara sits on a swing in an empty playground, when test sits beside her, they reconnect with each other and start being friends again. tess informs her that she is leaving to start a new life, if time permits. mara continues to finish the bottle of liquor in the playground before attending prom mixed emotions can be seen among the students as they are graduating incomplete as it is also a graduation event, they receive their diplomas. mara takes the stage and talks about how it is her fault that the explosions took place. she says that she is the reason why it happened. but everyone moves on, as they know she is drunk. another student says that it is her fault, and the rest of them say the same thing. mara walks on the streets faced. she ends up in the cemetery to visit dylan's grave. she misses him so much, but she cannot do anything but feel his presence. she lays down on the ground out of misery. dylan's mother arrives as well. and they both lay down. the love that they share for the same person still remains despite him being gone. they comfort each other in their own ways as they recall memories of him. back home, mara's mom and dad are waiting for her in the living room. she comes to them and apologizes for her behavior. her apology is accepted and they embrace their daughter. high school is over. mara prepares for a new life ahead of her. one thing does not change, though. she still continues to take the snooze button before leaving. she takes a last look at her room. her parents send her off with a hug, and she drives away with dylan's ice cream truck. the reason behind the explosions remains a mystery. they have no choice but to accept that it did happen and move on. 31 senior students died in total. mara questions why she isn't one of the unfortunate ones. she drives away, and for a moment, she feels happy to leave the town. she imagines how her life would be in the future, and starts to be hopeful again. she comes in peace with the fact that sometimes people explode. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 