Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to recap a 2020 Korean Crime-Thriller movie called Deliver Us From Evil. An assassin just finished his last contract and is about to retire. Little does he know; a tragedy awaits him at the end of his mission. Can he fulfill his retirement plan? The story starts with In-nam, who is a Korean Intelligence Agent. For some reason, the higher-up at the Korean Intelligence Agency is trying to wipe out his team after confidential information about a black-ops mission was leaked to the public. His chief, Chun-sung, asked In-nam to leave the country to survive. At the time, In-nam was in love with a Korean girl named Young-ju, but he was commanded to fly without her. He goes to Young-ju to say his goodbye to her before he leaves for good. A group of agents follows him to exterminate him, but he fends them off and successfully runs away abroad. Eight years later, In-nam works as an assassin that kills criminals for money in japan. His current target is the Director of the Tokyo Branch of the Kanto Organization, Koreda. He is a vicious man that has killed more than just a couple of women. No other assassin was willing to take the mission, but In-nam managed to execute the contract flawlessly. He then meets his contractor to get his payment. The contractor offers him another task, but he declines. He already decided to retire after the last mission was done. He goes to an underground bank to deposit his money, then enjoys his time off at a restaurant. At the restaurant, he thinks about what he should do after he retires. He is a wanted man back in Korea, and his track record as an assassin makes him can\xe2\x80\x99t enjoy retirement like an average person. A picture of a beautiful beach hanging on the restaurant wall makes him decide to head out to Panama and hides there for the rest of his life. Meanwhile, Young-ju, In-nam\xe2\x80\x99s ex-lover, lives happily in Thailand with her daughter, Yoo-min. She drops her daughter at her school and tells her that a babysitter will fetch her after school, then she heads to work. Some real estate agents offer her a good deal, but she is hesitant as the deal is too good to be true. After school, as Yoo-min gets down from the school bus, the babysitter takes her away with her husband instead of going home. After Young-ju realizes that her daughter is missing, she reports to the police, then contacts Chun-sung, to get her ex-lover help. Chung-sung pretends to not know In-nam's whereabouts, thinking that the situation is not dire as she also doesn\xe2\x80\x99t explain the kidnapping situation to him. Suddenly, Young-ju receives a phone call from someone she seems to know, telling her that he found her daughter. That man tells her to come immediately without noticing the police and pay the kidnapper the ransom money for the safety of Yoo-min. Chung-sun then calls In-nam to say to him that Young-ju is looking for him. He rejects it and tells him to say that he\xe2\x80\x99s already dead if she asks again. He doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want to be involved with his old life, not only for his own good but for the safety of his loved one too. But to his surprise, on the following day, In-nam receives a message from Chun-sung, telling him that Young-ju is found dead. In-nam immediately goes back to Korea to see Young-ju's body. The authorities tell him that the local Thailand police found her body near a pier. They only found the picture of a little girl inside her wallet, which they used to track her identity and send her body back to Korea. As he opens the wallet, he sees Yo-min\xe2\x80\x99s face for the first time. In-nam then visits Chun-sung to ask about the little girl and subsequently discovers that Yoo-min is his daughter. A new face has entered the stage. Ray the Butcher is an infamous vicious killer in Japan. It turns out that Ray is Koreda\xe2\x80\x99s close friend. They are so close that he considers Koreda as his brother. In-nam gets a call from his ex-contractor in Japan to warn him about Ray as he is seeking revenge on the ones involved in the murder of Koraeda. Just after the phone call is finished, a car rams the contractor\xe2\x80\x99s taxi. After he gains consciousness, he finds himself strapped to a bed. Without any effort, the kidnapers are able to get In-nam\xe2\x80\x99s location from him. He thinks that if he cooperates with them, Ray will let him go. But when Ray comes, he ties him upside down and butchers him anyway. Knowing that the hitman that assassinated his brother is in Korea, Ray heads there immediately. In-nam gets information from Chun-sung about a man that lives in Bangkok called Lee, who can help him investigate the truth behind Young-ju\xe2\x80\x99s death. So he heads to Bangkok. Unfortunately, on the same day, Ray manages to get to Chun-sung. He finds a poster of the missing Yoo-min and decides to head to Bangkok too. In Bangkok, In-nam meets Lee and pays him to help with the investigation. Lee had already dug out some information and found out that the real estate agent Young-ju worked with is a wanted fraudster and possibly the one who has set up the kidnapping of Yoo-min. After that, In-nam tracks down the real estate agent and follows him around. He manages to kidnap him and then tortures him to get a confession, which he confesses to setting up the kidnapping to get the ransom money from Young-ju. But he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know the whereabouts of Yoo-min now as the babysitter and her husband took her. But it might be too late as the babysitter said that they would kill Yoo-min. After the real estate guy spilt all his schemes, In-nam finishes him and starts to track the babysitter to at least retrieve his daughter\xe2\x80\x99s body. Meanwhile, Ray the Butcher has arrived in Bangkok too. He employs a local gangster group to help him track Yoo-min from the poster to get to In-nam. But the local gangster betrays him for the money, which is a big mistake for them. Ray single-handedly wipes the whole gang and forces the last member to track Yoo-min down. With his skill as an assassin, tracking the babysitter is not a big deal for him. As he tortures the husband, the babysitter tells him that Yoo-min is still alive and has been sold to the Chaopo crime syndicate. The news rekindles hope inside In-nam as there is still a chance to save his daughter. He goes back to Lee to get more information about the Chaopo syndicate. It turns out that it\xe2\x80\x99s a big drug syndicate that also do human trafficking as their side business. Lee then introduces Yui, a Korean Shemale that works in Thailand\xe2\x80\x99s club. With her help, In-nam plans to infiltrate the Chaopo hideout, disguised as a buyer looking for a Korean child to harvest their organs. With the translation help from Yui, they manage to get inside and see a bunch of children in the hideout. But Yoo-min is nowhere to be found. They find out that someone has already bought her. In-nam offers them as much as they want to outbid the current buyer. The trafficker lady tells them to wait outside. But after a while, In-nam decides to go inside and breaks the locked room to ask the children about Yoo-min. One of the children recognizes Yoo-min\xe2\x80\x99s photo and tells them that she is on the way to surgery. Before he manages to dig for more information, the gang\xe2\x80\x99s henchmen realize something is wrong and confront them. In-nam easily beats them and forces the trafficker lady to tell him Yoo-min\xe2\x80\x99s location. It turns out that they transferred Yoo-min to a nearby province to conduct surgery to harvest her heart, but she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know the exact location. Suddenly, the previous boy tells him the exact location as it turns out that he had his kidney extracted there as well. The trafficker lady runs, but she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t get far as Ray intercepts her. The situation quickly becomes dire as now In-nam must face the infamous Ray the Butcher. In-nam tells Yui to run away with the boy while he tries to hold Ray. They have a fierce fight for a while, but he manages to lock himself in a room then escapes from the window, down to the street. Ray tries to catch up, but he loses In-nam\xe2\x80\x99s track. Meanwhile, Yui successfully runs away with the boy, but for some reason, the police detain her. Seeing it, In-nam doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have any other choice besides leaving them for now. By night, the police have swarmed the building, cracking down the trafficker hideout. The Chaopo\xe2\x80\x99s henchmen assess the situation and report it back to their leader, Lan. The situation becomes more ugly as the Chaopo Syndicate is hunting In-nam too now. In-nam evaluates the situation with Lee to plan their next move. They manage to locate the location of Chaopo\xe2\x80\x99s factory. But something is making Lee nervous. He tells In-nam that Ray has killed Chun-sung and got his phone. They need to act carefully. But instead of doing that, In-nam calls Chun-sung's phone to warn Ray to stop the hunt. He promises him that if he does not stop, he will end him. Ray accepts the challenge and also promises to kill everyone he cares about. Meanwhile, Yui is still inside the jail. The police interrogate her to find out what happened at the trafficker hideout. At first, Yui shuts her mouth, but when the police threaten to give her to the Chaopo syndicate, she tells them that In-nam is going to the Chaopo\xe2\x80\x99s factory in a nearby province. When In-nam arrives at the location, he realizes that Yoo-min is held captive inside a football factory. He scouts the surroundings and is able to see her from a window. Not long after that, In-nam sees Yoo-min being taken away from the football factory for surgery. He chases them to a nearby clinic, but suddenly Ray appears on a tuk-tuk, fully equipped with heavy weaponry to kill him. In-nam is forced to run for now as Ray is chasing him. But he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have much time to play with Ray. The doctors inside the clinic are already preparing Yoo-min for the surgery. The situation becomes more out of control when the SWAT team arrives. But thanks to them, In-nam can sneak out of the situation as the police keep Ray busy. He rushes to the clinic and manages to kill the doctor just before they are about to start the surgery. Now that his daughter is safe, he contacts Lee to arrange an escape route to Panama. Lee gives him a contact of a smuggler that can help him get out of the country. Lee himself is also running away as Ray is getting closer. This event made Chaopo\xe2\x80\x99s operations in that province subsequently busted. It turns out that some of the police are working with the Chaopo syndicate. They hold a meeting to discuss the situation when suddenly Ray barges in to demand an audience with the leader, Lan. Having a common goal, they decide to group up, under the condition that Lan will be the one to kill him. When Yoo-min regains consciousness, In-nam tries to talk to her, but she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t speak a single word. He calls Yui to help him with Yoo-min and tells her to meet them at a hotel. Yui hesitates but agrees anyway. In-nam brings Yoo-min to a clothing shop to dress her up, then goes to the agreed-upon hotel. He is worried about the condition of Yoo-min and calls for a paediatrician. The paediatrician checks her, but she is completely healthy. He tries to talk once again with her and shows her a magic trick. It makes Yoo-min remember the magic trick that her mother used to show her. She finally opens up to him as he promises her that he will protect her no matter what. He hugs her and leaves her with the paediatrician for a while to meet with the smuggler. He goes to a nearby market to meet with the smuggler then pays them to bring them out of the country. When he returns to the hotel, he notices some men are already waiting for him. He rushes back to the room but gets stabbed a couple of times along the way. When he opens the door, Ray is already waiting for him. They bash In-nam's head, making him unconscious. Unexpectedly, Ray kills Lan\xe2\x80\x99s men because he wants to kill In-nam himself. Yui is waiting in the parking lot when she sees Ray\xe2\x80\x99s men dragging In-nam. She acts fast and uses her car to ram them, setting him free. Yoo-min is in another car with Ray, so In-nam runs to chase them. He manages to intercept them and shoots Ray in his shoulder. He jumps to the car like a badass and strangles Ray. The car crashes as they continue to brawl. In-nam realizes that Yoo-min is inside a suitcase. Ray catches him off guard and stabs him. Running out of options, he set off one of Ray\xe2\x80\x99s Grenade. The explosion shook them, but all of them managed to survive. Yui comes and brings Yoo-min away. As he sees them running away to safety, he sets off another grenade, killing himself and ray. Yoo-min is now safe with Yui. They go to a locker and find a bag left by In-nam. The bag is full of cash and the documents they need to live a peaceful life in Panama. Yoo-min and Yui then set off to Panama to fulfill In-nam\xe2\x80\x99s retirement plan. She lives happily with Yui, without her mother\xe2\x80\x99s warm hand, and her father\xe2\x80\x99s lovely smile. Subscribe to watch more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like and comment to help the channel out. Thank you for watching, and see you, next time. 