hey guys. welcome back to explainer x. in today's video, i'm going to recap young and beauty romance drama movie. so know the story of this movie in today's explanation. so without any wasting time, likes vegan. as soon as the movies start, we are. so we've seen vera golem as well as relaxing. when isabella's brother victor come here to tell her that her boyfriend had come to house and looking for her, isabella says that her mom should not know about boyfriend. what her mom already come to know about her boyfriend. and she tells isabella that if she banned, she can call her boyfriend for dinner. but isabella tell her mom that her boyfriend is narcissist man, and she doesn't even want to introduce her boyfriend. isabella was just passing time with her boyfriend. as well as boyfriend name is phillips. once isabella is enjoying on the beach, only the felix dear kim and invited her to party to be the held that night. ajibella secretly goes to the party to do the backdoor. then both of our lands lives enjoy the party together. and then sit on the side of the beach here. both come close and get intimidated with each other for the first time. and this was isabella's first time. what phillips is not get vehicle to satisfying her. then a few days later, isabella verdick comes and she also holds a party at home. but in this party she doesn't even call flips. then when she is going through the city in the car, she also sees flips on the way. but on seeing phillips, isabella doesn't react on her and ignore her. and the scene cut here. after this, we also the time after a long time, and we are so as well as going inside a hotel room where there is an old man. this old man's name is george. actually. nowadays, isabella work as a prostitute. and she also charged money for intimate with people. then george get intimate with isabel. and isabel used to meet her client on a website. and she used to do all these work after her school is over. and she's intimate with different people. and all these things are no to known other than isabel. once isabelle goes to the theater with her mom, is a well, look at her client, george. george as well as an old client. george, in this party, is with another girl. isabelle meet george at the time of interval. and at the end of movie, george mas has come to isabel. and then both of our friends start getting intimate. and then slowly, slowly, is a well start feeling for george too. buns. both them are getting intimate. while being intimate, george get a heart attack, and darcy die. seeing george dead either, well, get very nervous, and she goes to the bathroom. then she make a mistake, and as well, get some pill in the bathroom. this pillar means to increase stamina. and george had a heart attack due to an overdose of these pills. then isabel secretly leave. when the police finds george's body, then do investigation, and he came to isabel mother. here, the police tell waltruth to is a well mother. his mother didn't believe in all these things at first, but the police show him the cctv camera footage of the hotel, which make him believe that his daughter is in prostitution. the police also search as a wells room and find a lot of evidence up there. then the police tell as a well mother that is only 17 year old, and for this reason, she will not be punished. after all this, when isabella come home at night, her mom scold her and beat her. then isabella goes to the police station to give her a statement, and there the police interrogate her. or isabella tell the police why and how she came to prostitution. after all this, she come back home. or her mother tell her that whatever money she has earned from prostitution work, she will donate it. isabella does not like knowing this, because the money was hers, and her mom had taken the decision without asking her. once a family friend of isabella is about to go out, and that is why they invite isabella to their house to take care of their children. then at night, when they return home, when they come, a lady goes to drop isabella at her house. she does not stand isabella with her husband, because that lady know what isabella was doing. upon reaching home, isabella sees her stepdad, and she start talking to him. in other words, you also start flirting with him. or isabella mom see all this, then she gets angry and goes inside with her husband. then, once again, ask isabella psychiatrist why he left the work of prostitution, that she was loving with one of her client, george, because he used to just cuddle with her. and the days he had a heart attack. then say that she was intimate for the first time. and after all this, isabella was very guilty feel and he left the job. then a few days later, isabella goes to a party. he doesn't like this parties. he came out. this is a classmate named alex. and alex already liked isabella. here, alex asked isabelle if she can kiss. after some thought, isabella give her permission to kiss, and then both enjoy the party. those people roamed in many places together. and then the scene gets cut here. and in the next scene, we are so the time of spring. that means a lot of time has passed. and isabella is still in relationship with alex, but now he doesn't like this relationship. then she break up with him. she does this because she was so confused about what she liked and was just exploring herself. then isabella turned on her phone, which was used to talk her client. due on she sees that she has received many messages. and one of them is also from george's wife. in that message george's wife brighton that she want to meet him. then isabella also agreed to meet him, and then both will meet in the same hotel. when isabel apologized to her, george wife tell her that is not her fault and that george was already sick. then she says spread lee, that she is very beautiful, and george is lucky that he fall in love with such a beautiful girl. and then both of them go to the room where george was dead. george's wife and isabelle fall asleep on the bed. george's wife starred cursing isabelle, just like george used to run it. then isabelle fall asleep. there is a well that george's wife had left when her eyes opened. and this is where the movie ends. so i hope you enjoyed this video. so click any video of three them and enjoy next i see you soon. 