Game of Thrones, season 2 begins with the war of the five kings, Joffrey Baratheon. of course, he's really a Lannister because his mom had incest sex with their twin brother, and that's why he's such a douche. here's uncle Tyrion. is a dwarf. he comes to town. he's like, hey, big bad daddy. Tywin sent me to be the hand of the king, so I'm gonna run things Cersei doesn't like this one bit, cuz she likes to be in charge. now, King number two, king of the north, Robb Stark, is marching to avenge his father, Ned Stark, was killed last season. he sends his mom Catelyn go meet with King number three, who is Renly Baratheon, the younger brother of fat King Robb, who died last season. they're having a little tournament, and the winner is a chick. it's Brienne of Tarth. the guy she beat is Sir Loras Tyrell. and the flowers such is King Rama's gay lover. and his sister is Margaery Tyrell. she's the new queen. the Tyrells are a powerful family. we didn't really meet before, but they're strong now. she comes in, she's like, you got to put a baby in me. I know you're super gay, though, so if you want, I'll get my brother to come in. so he's offered a gay devil's threesome, but he declines to talk to Kat was like, you should ally with robb because we both hate the Lannisters. he says, yes. but for Stannis Baratheon, his older brother, now he's, uh, no one likes him, except for his odd trusted advisor, Davos, and this priestess Melisandre, who says, the night is dark and full of terrors. now across the sea its Khaleesi, Daenerys Targaryen. she has dragons now, but they're babies, so the useless. she also has a Gruffalo tour advisor, Sir Jorah Mormont, but unlike Stannis's, he wants to bang her. she makes it to the city called Qarth, and she meets this black guy who's like, yeah, look at that ass. we got a letter in now. the Nights Watch, Jon Snow is here. they're going north. they stop this guy, Craster's house, who has a bunch of daughters there also, though, his wives, so that's more incest Sam though, is not, uh scared, because he meets a hot one named Jilly, or Jilly, and he falls in love. now, Arya Stark has disguised as a boy. she's traveling north. she's got a fat friend, also named hot pie, and a hot friend named Gendry, who is a bastard of the fat King Robb so they come looking for him one day, because Stannis sent a letter to everyone in the realm saying that Joffrey is an incest baby. so Joffrey's killing all the bastards of affecting Robb and so they kill the people here. they burn this cart, and Arya saves them, so I don't be important in a little bit. and they kill this poor kid because they think he is Gendry. sucks for him. and they take these guys prisoner. now, Sansa is still engaged to Joffrey, and he enjoys tormenting our in front of the whole court for fun. but Tyrion puts a stop to it cuz he's sort of a nice guy, that Tyrion brought his horse, Shae with him, even though his dad specifically told him not to, because he hates [ __ ] but terian, sort of falling in love. so, you know, that's good for him. now he has a plot going on. he meets with the big players. that's maester pycelle, the old guy, Varys, the spider, he's a eunuch, and Littlefinger, Petyr Baelish, his master of coin. and he tells them all that he's gonna marry the princess mice Ella to someone different, but don't tell Cersei, of course, sir. she finds out immediately, and she's like, how dare you marry her? did Prince of Dorne, who detailed or to maester pycelle? so he cuts us a beard, sends him to the dungeons, and he sends myself off to Dorne, wherever that is. and sir, she's like, I'm gonna kill you one day for taking my daughter away from me. Joffrey is on the way home. he gets hit by poop, and then it's full-on riot mode, class warfare. they rip off an arm. oh my god. the VIP is making a way to safely accept Santa, who's in for, unfortunately, a bit of a rape. but she's saved by sandal khegay in the hound. he's Geoffrey's bodyguard. and he's sort of a mean guy, but she's like, he'll thanks for saving me from rape. and he says something pretty creepy, because he's really bad with girls. now, the Baratheon brothers are having a pal. Stannis like, I'm older, so I'm the rightful king. Renly's like, I'm better-looking, so I should be king. haha. now, what's the deal with Melisandre? our Sheen stands banging. yes, they are. so he have some sex, and then he's like, Davos, you used to be a smuggler. take her to shore. oh my god, she's pregnant. oh my god, she's given birth to a shadow baby. what is happening? it sneaks in and killed Renly. Oh God. so Catelyn Stark's like, Brad, we got to get out of here. she doesn't know what to do with her life anymore, so she pledged herself to counting good girl power. now, Renly's Army mostly goes to Stannis. except the Tyrells are like, whatever we picked around. King Littlefinger shows up. he's idea, Margaery, do you still want to be a queen? she's like, no, I want to be the queen. so they have a plot. now, the Iron Islands. that's where Theon Greyjoy is from. now, remember, he was a ward of the Starks. he grew up like a brother to Robb. he's like, let me go talk to my dad, get him on our side. this girl is like, I'll take you to the castle. he's like, yeah, you will. they get a little frisky on the horse ride over, and then she's like, I'm sorry, sister, surprise. he'll incest more. anyway, they meet King number five, which is Lord bailout Greyjoy of the Iron Islands. and Theon's like, yo, let's join us. Robb he's like, a [ __ ] don't tell me what to do. I do it out what I'm going to attack the north. so you better pick which family you want Theon. so he chooses his iron island, not a natural born family. now, I've been Winterfell. bran Stark is super bored. he's hanging out with old guys. his only friend is this big [ __ ] Hodor and his dirty chick, Asha. but he does have dreams where he is in wolf, so that's cool. now, they come to like, a nearby villages undertaxed who's like, send all the guards and of course, thing on coms. he's like, aha, that was my plot. now I've captured Winterfell. and to prove it, he cuts up this guy's head. so poor Theon has gone to the dark side. and Rob's like, that douche. I'm gonna March up there and recon core Winterfell. but this Lord is like, no, no, I got some men up there like you. stay here. so Rob stays her to fight the Lannisters, and he meets this hot nurse chick from wherever. and they amputated guys foot together, which I really turns him on. so then they start having some sex, and his mom's like, Rob, you're engaged to one of Walder Frey's ugly daughters because back in season one, to cross this bridge. he's like, whatever. I'm gonna marry for love. I'm sure that'll be fine. now, the Nights Watch, meets up with Korn - who's the legendary Ranger. it takes Jon Snow with him - go amber some wildlings. and it's a hot chick. he's like, look, we got a killer. but instead of watching you do it, we're gonna let you do it alone. and of course, Jon can't do it cuz he's a puss, and he, you know, catches her. but now they're separated from his friends, so they play the old, we got a co formed game. and then they play the old, is that a boner in your pants? you just happy to see me game. anyway, they go to sleep. now, Daenerys is that like a garden party. and she meets this weird-looking guy who is a warlock and can duplicate himself, so, okay, that's fine - the black guy's like, look, I'm the richest man in the world here in my vault, and I'll take you with me if you marry me, to conquer the room. but he's like, no, don't marry him. and she's like, why not? he's it cuz I have a secret crush on you and she's like, no, we're just friends. and he's like, obso sad. and she's like, no, but I'll stroke your beard. so whatever. sucks for him. now, this chick gets naked for Theon and they have sex. but that she sneaks off in the middle of night and takes the guys and hold her with him. so the only except, I don't know why, I she had to sleep with him by the way for that plot to work anyway, beyond, like, is like, this would happens. oh, my god, he burned bran alive. he's the worst. okay. Arya though, is taken to Harrenhal, which is a big burned-out castle the Lannisters have. and they play fun games here, like the rat in the bucket and the fire game. so that's awesome. but big bed daddy, Tywin Lannister, shows up, and he's like, oh, this is a girl, by the way. she doesn't know it's already stark, but he makes her his cup bearer, so they have some fun. and this is Jack and agar, the guy she saved from the burning cage fire. and he's like, a girl stole three names from the red God and must give a man three names, whatever. she's like, a bug-eyed tortured people the rats. boom, he's dead. what? yeah. Jack and Garza's Master Assassin, dude. so unfortunately, she wastes her second name on this guy who doesn't even matter. she's gonna use the third one, i Taemin, but he's out before it happens. so he's like, a man needs a third name. and she's like, Jack and agar. and he's a [ __ ] girl gives a man his own name. you're, you're a [ __ ]. she's like, okay, I'll unnamed you if you help me my friends escape. so he's like, fine, walk through. gets it. midnight, the gods will be dead. her friends are out. so now, Jamie Lannister, the Kingslayer, he was captured, remember? and so one day though, he beats his cousin to death, and he strangles this guy, and he escapes throughout five minutes. and lord whatever is like, that was my son that you killed. and he's like, coming to kill you. but castles like, no, we have a traitor a hostage exchange. sure that my daughter's so she goes that night and she's like, look, I better release you right now before they kill you. so she sends him with Brienne down to King's Landing to trade for Sansa. so there's their plan. now, Stannis the Manas is coming for King's Landing, and because Tywin is fighting Robb Stark in the north, Tyrion has to defend the city with like, almost no guards. but he's like, yo, let's make all this wildfire. and so incensed is fleet arrives. they send one boat which is like super suspicious. and it's like leaking this green stuff. and then Tyrion is like, fire and then bronze. like, boom. awesome. shot by an explosion. wildfire everywhere. Davos. dude hit by the explosion. so that was really cool. now, Stannis survives, and he still got a bunch of an army left. so they're like, we're gonna storm the castle. and so they send the Hound out with some Andalite fight them off. that's going really well until the Hance. he's like, all this fire, and he's scared to fire because his face is all burnt from when he was a kid. so he decided to bail and go creep on Sansa. he's like, yo, girl, like, I'll take you back up to your family, if you want. and she's like, I don't really trust you because you're ugly and stuff. so sucks for him. not Tyrion has to defend the city, but and he's like, gives a really rousing speech, and it's really good. they're all like, half man, half man. so he's a really good leader. and they are doing it. and then this guy is on his side, but it cuts him, what his face and /wd, killing. but he's saved by his loyal Squire, Podrick Payne. he was at zero line so far in the season. now this army comes. it's realized reinforcements. Big Daddy, Javon Lannister, he tricked everyone. they thought he was gonna North. he came south to save the city. and now that he's here, it's like, okay, you get to be handed the King now. thanks for saving the city. and the Tyrells came. they joined forces with the Lancers. and he's like, yo, bro, you should marry my sister. she's like, yeah, I promise to wear super low-cut dresses all the time. he's like, yeah, this is good. and so sense is off the hook now. she's no longer engaged. but little fingers like, look, you still going to torture you and stuff. so I'll take you back north your family, if you want. but we saw how trusting Littlefinger work for Ned last season. I wouldn't do it. and so for brokering the Tyrell alliance, they make him Lord of Harrenhal, which is like a thing in name only. but that's good for him. and Tyrion, unfortunately, gets no love. it was Cersei who tried to have him killed. and he's got this big scar now, but it's horseshit. still like, hey, I still love you. if that's what [ __ ] are, great. cuz as long as you have money, they still love you. and Stannis is like, woman, you said you saw my victory in the flames and she's like, I still do. look and he's a, who pretty fire. so that's his thing. now. Jon Snow wakes up with a huge Morningwood boner, and she said, do you even know to do with that, Jon Snow? and he's like, yeah, of course she could say her tagline, which is, you know, nothing, Jon Snow. and then she runs away and meets up with some wildling friends, and they take him captive. and like, they also have corn half-man. and he's like, just know, you got to go undercover as a wildling. he's like, how will I do that? well, if we have this fake fight and you kill me, they'll totally trust you. and it's like, he's not gonna work. yeah, that works. we totally trust you now. so take him up to the king-beyond-the-wall, mance rayder in the wildling army. now, Daenerys comes home. everyone's dead. the dragons are gone. where are my dragons? that's her line. and they're like, all the time, meaning find out. and warlocks like, yeah, I took your dragons. I'll tell you. and like, I was like, yeah, I'm working with him. it's like, why are you telling us is boom, everyone's dead. so she goes and finds warlock tower, and they play the many doors game. so behind one door is the Iron Throne of Westeros, which discovered snow. and behind another door is your dead husband, Khal Drogo with the baby. yay. but she bails and fights her dragons, but then they have kept her prisoner, and they're like, and she's like, shakarez. and then dragon fire burned alive. don't mess with Khaleesi. she's like, yo, black guy. where's your money? whose vaults actually empty? so she locks it inside, and then she steals a silver ocean to buy a boat. yay. now, Theon Greyjoy is surrounded with his little troupe of Iron Man. so he's a rousing speech, but they actually just, you know, knock them out. and they're like, we don't really like you Theon. we're gonna trade you for our freedom. but beneath the crypts of Winterfell. the girl and bran, oh, my god, he's alive. and thank goodness, hodor's alive also. but we know fells all burned, so they like, are gonna wander off to the wall or something. and Arya is also wandering the countryside with her friends, meets up with Jack McGaw I was like, yo, girl. you want to be a Master Assassin like me? and she's like, yeah, course. so he's like, look, take this coin and say, Valar morghulis. and she's like, Valerie Lewis? he's like, yeah. now watch this magic trick. boom, new face. how do you do it? I don't know. it's cool. now, these Nights, Watch are shoveling some snow, and they find these dragon glass daggers, which will matter next season. and the horn sounds that they're under attack. and Sam falls cuz he's fat. and who's attacking them? it's enter/exit Santa Claus, who's a white Walker that's leading an army of ice zombies. oh, my god. and that's the way season 2 comes to an end. 