hey movie fans. i'm your host, patrick, and today we're going to take a look at the 2019 horror thriller film called countdown. the movie begins with a group of friends enjoying themselves at the house party. while they're having drinks, one of the girls comes across an app called countdown, claiming to stay at the time of death of the person who uses it. everybody gets excited to try it out, but one of them, courtney, is hesitant. they all decide to install the app, and the one with the shortest time will have to drink all of the beer on the table. each one of them gets a suitable time limit of many years of life, but courtney gets only three hours to live on her phone. in the meantime, her boyfriend, evans comes and everybody tells him that his girlfriend lost the game and has to drink all the beer. evan offers himself for the drinks instead of courtney. after the party ends, the couple sits in the car to drive home, but evan's too drunk to drive. courtney's already creeped out because of that app, and gets out of the car, saying she's going to walk home instead of driving with her drunk boyfriend, evan, drives away angrily. as courtney starts walking home, she suddenly gets a notification from the countdown app on her phone stating user agreement broken. she takes no notice and starts walking down the lane. suddenly, a man starts following her. courtney fastens her pace, and as she outruns him, she starts seeing other things around her. after a while, she manages to make it home safely, but she sends his paranormal sounds in her bathroom. just as she's looking around, something grabs her by the head and she disappears. in the next moment, her dead body falls on the floor and her head hits the bathtub. courtney lies there bleeding as the timer on her phone gets to zero. meanwhile, evan has also crashed, and he sees a passenger seat impaled by a tree branch, the seat where courtney would have been if she didn't walk home. the scene now shifts to a hospital where a nurse, quinn is working. she goes to meet evans, who's due for a surgery, but he's reluctant. quinn asks him about it, and he explains how his girlfriend died last night because of the app. he claims that he has also installed the app, and it has predicted his death in a few hours during surgery. quinn doesn't take it seriously and advises him to snap out of these superstitions. afterwards, she goes to report the head nurse, who takes her to the main lobby, where everyone congratulates her for officially being a part of the nursing staff. and their celebration starts. while they eat the cake, the discussion about the countdown app begins, and everybody installs it. most of the people get 40 plus years of life ahead. and while they're discussing, a patient comes in. she's about to die due to drug overdose, but the doctors inject her with narcan, a counteract for drugs, and she is revived. as her duty ends, quinn installs the countdown app while leaving the hospital, but to her surprise, the app displays that she only has three days to live. that evening, she goes to her home to look for some documents. as she is going through the drawers, she hears sounds in the wardrobe. she cautiously approaches it and opens the door in a flash, only to find her sister, jordan, in there, with a boy. as the guy leaves, quinn tries to talk to jordan, but she simply refuses to listen to her. jordan quarrels with her sister and locks herself in the room. in the meantime, their dad wakes up, and he happily greets quinn while she's trying to talk to jordan. he then offers her to accompany them to go visit their mother's grave, which she accepts. back at the hospital, evan tries to walk away from the hospital rooms. while he's on his way, the notification appears on his phone stating user agreement broken. he pays no attention and carries on. but as he reaches a sharp turn at the corridor's end, he witnesses a black entity standing behind him. he slowly turns his head, but there's no one there. he looks again in the blind corner mirror and sees the black entity again. this time, it screams and charges towards him and breaks the mirror. evan gets scared and hurries toward the exit staircase. his phone reminds him that he has only one minute to live. in that exact moment, the light shut off, and he witnesses courtney's corpse on the stairs. he falls down upon looking at her demonized face, and the ghost attacks him first. evan's phone falls down to the last step of the stairs, and just as the timer clocks zero, his dead body comes down with a thud. the following morning, quinn gets to know that evan died last night by falling off the stairs. she gets scared that it may be due to that app. she visits the morgue and takes out evan's body. she then checks his phone, and after getting it unlocked, she sees that the countdown shows all the digits to zero, meaning that his time was already over when he died. afterwards, she sits in extreme stress as her own life is now at stake. in the interim, a doctor invites her to check on the patient. and while being in that room, the doctor tries to molest and abuse quinn, but she shoves him away. after being rejected, he goes professional and apologizes to her, but quinn simply leaves a room. that night, she starts researching on the internet about the countdown app. she reads several comments on the forum stating that it's true. she also comes upon the video of a girl who dies in front of the camera after explaining how this zap is actually deadly. but as she reads the comments under the video, she gets a sigh of relief as everyone calls it fake and staged. after getting relaxed, she closes the laptop, but suddenly catches a glimpse of evan's corpse standing before her. she shrieks in horror, but it vanishes in the next moment. she gets up. in her terrorized state, she breaks her phone and leaves the house. but even after smashing it, the phone turns back on with the timer still running. after leaving the house, she goes outside in her car and spends the rest of the night there. in the morning, she's woken up by her sister banging on the car's window. as they move in, jordan asks why her phone is broken. she picks it up and remarks that a notification is saying that she only has one day left to live. quinn grabs a phone from her and they have a quarrel. jordan gets offended by her sister's behavior and leaves a room. that morning, she goes to a shop and purchases a new phone. but after unboxing it and turning it on for the first time ever, the countdown gets installed and updated automatically. she then argues with the manager of the shop, but he couldn't answer it properly. meanwhile, another man who's in line gets interested by her question, and he asked the manager what the girl was talking about. afterwards, quinn sits in her car, and as she's about to reverse, a black figure shows up in her rear cam upon looking again, it disappears. but just as she gets relaxed, some demonic hand grabs her face and pulls her back. as a reaction, she slams the gas pedal and crashes into another car. immediately afterwards, she crawls out of the car in sheer terror. the man starts arguing with her, but she's saved by the black guy from the shop. he then shows her his phone, where the countdown says that it only has 18 hours left. afterwards, both of them sit at the bar and discuss why they have been chosen to die so early. while they're talking, a drunk man is proving his point as a flat earther. they suddenly realize that they haven't read the terms and conditions. therefore they get the drunk man to install the app, and they read the user terms and conditions, which stated that the user should not try to change their fate, but accept it. both of them come to the conclusion that they already tried to change their fates by cancelling their plans. later, they visit the hospital to see the priest, but he admits that he has no knowledge of it, and they should visit another priest who believes in demons and knows a lot about them. as they're leaving his place, quinn gets called by nurse amy. meanwhile, matt goes to the restroom to take a piss. while he's in his cabin, his door gets rattled. he looks down to see a kid's bare feet. he asks him to leave, and the kid moves away. but when matt comes out, the lights of the restroom shut off, and he gets attacked by the corpse of his little brother. he falls down as a demon attacks him, but it instantly vanishes as another person comes into the bathroom, upon which matt gets up and leaves in a flabbergasted state. meanwhile, quinn is taken to the office where a panel is sitting comprising the hr and the administrator in the meantime, dr sullivan, the person who harassed quinn the other day, also arrives. he then tells quinn that he has explained everything to the panel about what happened that day, and that it was a misunderstanding. just as quinn takes a breath of relief, it's revealed that dr sullivan flipped the story on quinn, that it was she who cornered them. the hr head responds with an immediate suspension order for quinn. she gets furious upon the injustice and leaves the hospital with matt. later that night, they visit the church and meet the priest was referred. he gets overly excited when matt mentions demons. as they explain the whole situation, father grabs the bible and narrates them a story, the story of a prince who had to lead an army to war. before leaving, he visits a gypsy woman who asked her if he'd survived the battle. the gypsy woman hands him a scroll with numbers written on it. she explains that he should not change his fate. but instead of going, he sends his little brother to the battle, who returns with the marvelous victory. the prince then visits the old woman, who tells him that he tried to change his fate. now the demon ozin is coming to get him. and he won't let the prince die in a simple manner, but he will torment him and make him suffer in agony. the father then concludes that this app might be a modernized version of the old gypsy scroll, as it had the same style of numbers written. matt and quinn asked for a solution or a way to break out of it, upon which father replies that if they know the code, it can be understood. quinn suddenly remembers that they can get the app hacked by someone. to achieve that purpose, they go to the same tech guy from whom quinn bought the phone. he's closing his shop, but quinn offers him a handful of money if he can help them. he agrees to break his tinder date for almost two thousand dollars in reward. they go inside the shop and the tech guy hacks into the countdown app. surprisingly, that simple app isn't very simple, and has a database of 60 gigabytes. as he goes through it, quinn snaps a picture of a latin script written at the front. the tech guy then opens a window showing all the codes and names of people who've installed the app, along with the remaining time. they ask him to change the date and time, which he does, and it actually works. matt's phone starts to show 92 years. meanwhile, quinn suddenly comes upon her sister's name among the database and requests the guy to change it as well. after everything is done and wrapped up, they leave the shop with a sigh of relief and restored relaxation. as matt is about to leave, quinn offers him to accompany her to the apartment so they can sleep together. they reach the apartment and settle down. matt makes himself comfortable on the floor, while quinn lies on the bed. as they talk, they discuss the tragedies of their loved ones. matt shares how he stoned his brother's toy while he was sick and near his death. matt was 10 years old back then and didn't understand how bad it was. quinn shares how she escaped to a party one night, refusing to follow her mom's orders. at night, after she sneaked out, her mom left looking for her, but got killed by a drunk driver. afterwards, quinn offers him to come to bed. late at night, she wakes up to a noise. she tries to wake up matt, who has his arm wrapped around her. he doesn't wake up. as quinn observes a figure coming up behind the door. she starts calling matt as the door opens, but to her surprise, it's actually matt who's at the door. she then looks at the arm wrapped around her, and suddenly it turns to a demonic hand. she screams in terror as it attacks her, but matt hurries to her bed and relaxes her. in the meantime, their phones start to ring, and they observe it stunned, as the timer has been set to its previous date. quinn suddenly remembers that jordan is in danger as well. she tries to call her, but the phone doesn't get picked up. the scene shifts to jordan, who's alone at home. as she gets to her phone, she sees six missed calls from her sister, and the countdown reset. so only 4 hours. she gets scared, and suddenly she hears a sound of the other room. the lights start flickering on and off. jordan gets frightened and hides herself under the bed. but she starts to hear her mother's voice asking for her sister. jordan doesn't utter a word and lies still. when instantly the bed gets thrown away. she slowly looks to her side, and to her utmost horror, the corpse of her dead mother lies beside her. jordan screams and runs outside, where she meets quinn and hugs her. immediately, they leave the house to go to father john. after reaching the church, they go inside and explain the whole situation to father john. quinn shows him the latin script that she captured. he reads it and concludes that it's a curse, and the curse can be broken. in his excitement, he tells him the curse can be broken only if a person can die prior to the destined time, or someone can outlive the timer. he then brings out a book stating that in order to ward off the spirits, they need to create a circle with salt that would buy them the time they need in order to outlive and break the curse. they hurry to the basement where they draw a circle with stars and symbols inside it, using salt and a mixture of white paint. they look at their timers and match the one who has only 2-3 minutes left. he moves aside in extreme nervousness, and quinn tries to console him. meanwhile, the phone rings again, and they move back to the circle. the lights shut off, and jon brings out his cross, claiming that the demon is here. stuff all around the basement start to fall off the shelves, and they start to hear demonic screeches. father john exclaims that he's above them, but as they all face one direction, jordan turns around and screams in terror as she sees the demon ozin floating behind her. they all turn around, and father jon starts reciting verses in latin. meanwhile, the demon tries to enter the circle, but it starts to burn itself as a result. after circling them, it disappears. they all look around in the dark, but it's nowhere to be seen. suddenly, matt sees his younger brother standing outside the circle. matt gets emotional on the side of him and goes after him. just as he steps out of the circle, his brother transforms into the demon and drags him away into darkness. queen lunges after him, and everyone breaks a circle. several shells fall down on her and on jordan as well. quinn makes it outside the basement and witnesses matt being crushed into a tree by a truck. tears trickle down quinn's cheeks as she lies beside matt. and the timer on his phone counts down to zero. in the meantime, jordan also comes outside, and quinn realizes that her younger sister is severely injured. jordan is taken to the hospital where she starts to get the treatment. meanwhile, a nurse named rachel approaches quinn and says that she's been a victim of dr sullivan's harassment as well. she thanks rachel and goes up to jordan, who's being treated by dr sullivan. queen comes up with an idea to break the curse by killing dr sullivan. she goes to his room and tries to seduce him. he does not comply at the moment, so she leaves, saying that she'll be in the closed wing later. dr sullivan makes his way across a dark and dingy area, and quinn keeps on teasing him as he moves around with his eyes closed, she attacks him with a crowbar. just as she's about to kill him, dr sullivan is dragged across the floor, away from her rage. jordan is also there, and quinn exclaims how this will get them to break the curse. after she runs after sullivan, jordan is left alone, and she gets chased by the demon. in the interim, quinn goes after the doctor and tries to kill him, but gets thrown away from him. as the doctor escapes, she notices that her ankle is broken. she suddenly remembers that jordan is alone and has little time left. she grabs some drugs and syringes from the cabinet and goes to look for her sister. meanwhile, jordan is alone in a dark room with only a minute and a half left for her. she cries in helplessness, but in the next moments, she gets attacked by the demon, and he throws her out the window. ozin is about to kill her, when suddenly quinn comes there and threatens to kill herself. as a timer for jordan comes down to 30 seconds. odin transforms into their mother and tries to talk quinn out of it. she almost gets carried away in sentiments. but suddenly realizes that it's a demon talking. she injects the syringe, and with only a few seconds left on the timer, she drops to the ground and goes unconscious. the demon screeches and lifts her up in the air, but in turn, it gets destroyed and turned into ash. in the meantime, jordan starts to cry as she sits beside her dead sister. but suddenly she sees a spot on quinn's arm indicating narcan she finds a syringe in the counteract for the drug. as soon as she injects it, quinn comes back to life. they both cry in happiness as they succeeded in breaking the curse. later in a bright and fresh morning, quinn and jordan visit their mother's grave with her father. while they're making their way back, they get the relieving news that dr sullivan is being jailed for harassment. as they walk, quinn gets a notification on her phone. she takes it out, into her utter disbelief, she sees countdown 2.0 successfully installed on her phone. and with that, the movie ends. drop a comment below letting me know how you found the video. make sure to like, subscribe and ring the notification bell. thanks for watching, guys, 