[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and thank you for being with me until the end of the line. the final episode of falcon in the winter soldier is here. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the easter eggs, things you missed and giving our review of the entire series. we're also going to be talking about what could be coming next in the mcu. so make sure you stick around until the end. both spoilers ahead. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. huge. thank you for getting last week's video trending. and please click the thumbs up for the final time if you've enjoyed the coverage, without the way, you're the best. now let's get into falcon in the winter soldier. okay. so last time we picked up with john walker, texas ranger. and the aftermath of murdering a flag smasher the death of his best friend, battlestar, had pushed him to the brink. and thus sam and bucky decided to do what most people would do, which is take him somewhere quiet and kick the crap out of him. walker was stripped of the mantle. however, he was contacted by valentina allegra de la fontaine, who we now know will also be featuring in the upcoming movie black widow walker. visited battle star's family, and even though the episode was called the truth, he lied to them and told them that the perpetrator responsible for his death had been brought to justice. this is something that's important to remember for this entry, hence why i'm mentioning it up top. elsewhere, sam decided to become captain america. and with his wings left behind, it looks like joaquin torres is waiting in the wings to pick up the pieces. hey, we ended with the flag smashes storming the grc as they voted on the patch act. and i can't believe that i missed last time that this is the bench which sam jackson and bruce willis opened their own suitcase at. in die hard with a vengeance. the episode culminated with cosplay cap making a brand new shield and falcon opening up a suitcase, much like pulp fiction with wha. what is that? is that? what? oh, sorry. wrong. show. now, episode six is called one world, one people. the mantra of the flag smashes. however, it's also a song by femi cootie. in it, he puts across the point that black people, nigerians especially, have been held back by corrupt governments and politicians, but that there is still hope that people will rise up against these forces. it offers a shining light in these dark times, which is something that i think sam definitely becomes in this entry. we open with the flag smashers forming their attack, while sam and bucky head towards the drc. along the way, sharon appears in disguise, doing the same high-tech facial prosthetics that black widow did in the winter soldier. this speaks to her two-phase persona throughout the series. and the eventual reveal that comes in the middle of the episode turns out that the flag smashers were waiting for sam's arrival, and they gassed the vote meeting before he swoops in donning the wakunden wings suit and shield. this feels like it was ripped straight out of the sam wilson captain america run, and it's an amazing looking costume that feels so good getting introduced in this hero moment. he tells people he's captain america. and we get a repeat of the hilarious conspiracy theory from episode 1, which says that captain america is on the moon. now, whilst i thought this was mental, judging by some of the reveals that come later on, maybe it's true. now, before we can appreciate it, batrock arrives, and the pair face off in a moment that echoes the opening of the winter soldier. turns out carly wants the grc to evacuate rather than remaining inside. and she actually tries to bargain with bucky at one point. bucky mentions that he's fought for something bigger than himself and failed twice, which i'm guessing might be civil war and infinity war, but let me know below if you disagree. he tells carly to do one, and we realized that she was simply buying time to enact her own plans in the car park. he steals a bike, and sharon sticks an explosive made of mercury vapour on a flag smasher named lennox. you know, for someone who seems like they want super soldiers so they can protect them back home, definitely doesn't seem that way. now, throughout this season, one of my big criticisms has been that most of sam's fights have been on the ground. outside of the first episode, he's been down to earth in order to allow bucky to do things. but having him get to take to the skies to chase a helicopter is absolutely incredible. i love how he throws the shield to smash a window and then jumps out in order to catch it. he also uses red wing to scan for a pilot, and even his wings as cover. later on, with this happening publicly, it allows the world to see firsthand that he deserves the mantle. and hearing people cheer in this moment was a really nice touch. now, the following action scene in the street has many call backs to other works. firstly, the fight between bucky and the flag smasher is a reflection of the one that he had with steve at the midpoint of the winter soldier. several of the moves are repeated here. and in addition to this, john walker arrives. this massively echoes when the character showed up in sam wilson captain america, and he fought sam in the middle of the street in the comics, he was u.s agent at this point, and he was there to publicly humiliate sam so that people would lose faith in him. now, whilst that isn't really the case here, walker is trying to make it so that people believe he's still captain america. but when his diy shield gets kicked out of the way, it goes down worse than demi lovato at the big chill frozen yogurt shop. yikes. now, because it's not made of vibranium, it's nowhere near as effective. and the character gets triggered when carly says that lamar's life didn't matter. well, it mad to me. now, throughout the last episode we watched as walker was haunted by visions of him. shouts to ryan arie at screen thrush for pointing out that walker would talk out loud to his parents in the comics, even though they were gone. in the source material, them getting murdered was what drove him to be crazy. and though they changed it up to lamar, and this i do appreciate the callback. sam hits up a woman to ride his chopper, but instead of laying the pipe, the pipe lays him. we really need some better writers here. now, it might be a reach, but this moment reminded me of tony escaping his destroyed home in iron man 3. and it shows just how well equipped sam now is. he's pretty much a combination of both iron man and captain america at this point, and could easily fill the void that the pair have left after end game. sam's plan of swapping the pilot out works, and the battle with the flag smashes continues with carly trying to crash the truck containing the grc into a construction site. the music echoes the ending of civil war. and when all hope seems lost, sam comes in and saves the day. an onlooker calls him the black falcon, which is, of course, what he was referred to when he went to visit isaiah. however, this is corrected to captain america, showing that the public now believe he has the persona. the flag smashes flee to the basement of the site, and carly runs into sharon. here we learn it was sharon carter all along who was the power broker. and it was the the most obvious thing, and i'm not really sure how i feel about it, in all honesty. firstly, there are a lot of contradictions in it. and we know from zemo that he knew the character before the events of civil war. he also called the power broker a he and sharon was agent 13 at this point and wasn't exiled, so it doesn't really line up. she's also had numerous points in the series where she could have killed carly, but for some reason didn't. now as for sharon carter, she's someone who's comic roots i haven't really touched upon. but she's got a great history i think we should go over so we can see how it lines up with the show version. born in virginia to parents harrison and amanda carter, sharon was the niece to margaret, aka peggy. peggy suffered shell shock in the war and was nursed back to help by the family. and sharon would sit at her bedside while she recounted stories from her life. this inspired sharon to become an agent of shield. and after gaining the moniker of agent 13, she was sent on several missions. it seemed that sharon picked up a lot of her aunt's talents, and she quickly became one of the company's best agents interestingly, in the comics, sharon and batrock actually went head-to-head on a mission at one point, which too involved steve. steve recognized the resemblance to peggy, but didn't put two and two together until much later down the line, when he was a bit, uh, he might be crossing the line here a bit. now, over the years, they crossed paths and became lovers. carter eventually joined the femme force, which was led by valentina, who has, of course, appeared in the series. carter spent some years in retirement with steve, but she was called back to judy. and shield faked to death when she was dropped behind enemy lines. however, the agency believed that she had been killed. i think it was a clerical error, and she was abandoned, which led to her working with several villains. i think this is meant to mirror her being on the run for breaking the sokovia accords. and because of this, sharon grew a lot of hate towards shield. she even became an agent of the red skull. and it definitely reflects her journey throughout madrapue. she was wanted for treason, but after some time, travel shenanigans to world war ii, she managed to make things right by speaking with nick fury. in the present, she became a shield agent once more and helped to head up the investigation against the winter soldier. over the years, she's had a very interesting story, and was even a cog in the death of captain america, delivering one of the killing blows to him. she was brainwashed to be fair, which is something that they do a lot in comic books. for me, i think the twist was staring us in the face so much that i actually ruled it out. and i will take the l for this, but i think when we go back and watch the mcu that it won't quite line up. she put herself in harm's way at several points and also let sam bucky and zemo go and interrogate her golden goose. her plan was to help the flag smashes and make them come back to her, but also not help them. and yeah, weird. it might just be being salty because i'm taking the l. but either way, that's the reveal. and at least i didn't ride the the zola train like some of you suckers. you suck. i'm just kidding. i love you. now, sharon kills batroc, and sam and carly go head to head, whilst bucky and walker use the flag smasher app to discover the location of those escaping. sam faces his first one-on-one battle against the super soldier, and initially he refuses to fight back. sharon ends up shooting carly, and we see her grip the hamza, a symbol that she's carried throughout this means protection from the evil eye. and as the power broker has appeared as eyes throughout the season, it's a nice symbolic gesture. sam sweeps in with her body in a moment that plays upon the painting of kane and abel, something that too was echoed in arkham city. his enemy has fallen, but clearly sam feels regret over it, and he makes sure that the flag smashers aren't referred to as terrorists. all labels do is stop people from emphasizing. and sam says that they all have one unified struggle now that they can unite under the grc have erased half of the planet, much in the same way that thanos did. and because of this, the world is still divided. this plays out to the public, much in the same way that sam's uprising in his comic run did. this is watched by isaiah as well as his grandson, eli, who in the comics becomes a hero known as patriot. sam's speech shows isaiah that perhaps the world has changed, and the character finally breathes a sigh of relief. it's a very inspiring speech of him speaking to the world leaders who could make changes, but refuse to. and though it is very, very heavy-handed, its hearts in the right place. it's clearly discussing how people who make the decisions are rarely affected by them, and thus it's easy to cast people to the side. this was the moment i felt the character really became captain america. and sure, the action scenes were cool, but it's the beliefs and morals that really make him who he is. walker even gives him a nod of approval, and bucky calls him cap with everyone who knows sharon is the power broker dead, she's able to go back into american society. and sam takes to the skies in order to help out. we see the flag smashers being transported to the raft, but they're destroyed. by zemo's butler fully carrying out his plan at the prison. zemo overhears this on the radio, and we see him in a cell from civil war. cut to valentina and olivia as we watch us. agent being unveiled val so sorry, i shouldn't call her. that says things are gonna get weird, and that they're not gonna need captain america for that. they're gonna need a u.s agent. this is clearly hinting towards her setting up the thunderbolts and the fact that walker will be used more as law enforcement rather than someone who stands for beliefs and values. walker's just happy to be back, but whether he's learned the lessons he should have or not remains to be seen. i really thought that the whole thing with battlestar's family was gonna go somewhere, but it doesn't, which is a shame, as it seemed like they were setting it up, but it's just left on the cutting room floor. i might be reaching here, but i very much saw john walker lying about killing the flag smasher as a comment on the iraq war. now what i mean by that, and stop shaking your head, is that we were originally told there were wmds in the country. but over time, this narrative proved to be false, and it changed to us being that we were simply removing a vicious dictator. the justification for the action changed. and we instantly knew that this guy wasn't behind battlestar's death, but he was still killed and then put forth as the reason for why walker acted the way that he did. clearly this didn't sit right with some people, aka lamar's sister. whether this was included and then forgotten about is a metaphor for that, we don't know. but yeah, very strange to have it even teased at back home, bucky goes to mr nakajima, and a repeat of the scene from the first episode very much plays out, but this time bucky goes inside. it's absolutely beautiful and so well acted. and even though i'm the hardest youtuber about i might have, i might have teared up a bit over this. now, as sam said in episode 5, bucky wasn't making amends. he was just avenging. he needed to provide a service, closure to people who didn't have it. and this is very much what happens in this moment bucky finally puts the lid on the winter soldier. and he leaves a gift for his therapist, which contains the book of names, showing that he won't need it anymore. sam then visits isaiah, and we learn that the glc have stood down when it comes to the patch act. sam knows what he's got to do, and he takes isaiah to the smithsonian, which is where that we see that a monument to him has been added. this was a highly emotional moment and showed that he hadn't been forgotten about. actually got a lot of flashes of doctor who here, namely the scene in which doc took vincent van gogh to visit an exhibit for his artwork back home. sam and the community come together for a party on the docks beside the boat. a huge shout out to kevin smith and mark bernardin at the fatman beyond podcast for pointing out that the boat is very much a metaphor for the shield. just bear with me. now, initially the boat was something that he and his family wrestled with getting rid of. they thought that it was their responsibility, but they didn't really want it. however, in the end, they ended up calling the community together in order to fix it up. this represents how the shield has had a lot of people that have helped to build the legacy of it. the shield has a long and very complicated one. but sam tried, with both the boat and shield, to take the rotten things out of it and make something new. it's their own ship of theseus, in many ways. and it's also mephisto and mark bernardin stated that we know the shield and boat aren't perfect, but that if we come together and work towards fixing it, it can stand for a symbol of greatness again. heck, they even wanted to rename the boat, but in the end decided that it was part of their history and thus went against it. i love this idea, and it's something that i missed last time, so i just thought that i'd bring it up here. the show ends with the title screen captain america and the winter soldier, and we cut to the post credits scene to see sharon getting a pardon. now, shout out to juan shironas for messaging me on twitter to say that this will likely lead into armor wars, as it seems like sharon will now have access to everything. this includes the stark iron man tech, which could lead to her creating lots of duplicates. now, she clearly has another person involved with her on the other end of the phone. in the comics, power broker inc was actually made up of two people, and it is possible that the person on the other end is also part of it. now, sometimes they put subtitles in place so you can see who characters are talking to, but here, sadly, that isn't the case. if i had to guess, i would imagine that it was either valentina or general ross, or perhaps someone even worse. this would allow for the power broker comments from zemo to still remain in place, meaning that he could be a male and also someone that he knew before civil war. either way, i think they're definitely setting up armor wars in the thunderbolts, and potentially even a nomad series, which charles murphy has said is in development with bucky sharon. infiltrating the government with their own shadowy organization is, of course, a mirror of the way that hydra did it to shield. and again, it's like poetry. they rhyme. it might even be the case that madame hydra has hired her, and after the events of ant-man, they've managed to replicate cross's pin particles and start up all over again. this would mean that hydra is back in full force, if i'm right. but let me know below if you disagree. now, as for my thoughts on the series as a whole, i know i've kind of gone back and forth over it, but i did really, really enjoyed in the end. i actually binged watched the entire thing back to back through the week, and there was just so much in it that, yeah, in hindsight, it works really, really well. marvel always excels when it comes to action, and the presentation and production quality of the series makes it something special. this felt movie level throughout. and to have almost 6 hours of something this quality is a testament to how much time and effort that disney are pouring into their shows. now, one of the big questions that people likely have is whether i prefer this to one division or not. what do you mean you don't care? well, i'm gonna tell you anyway. i'm gonna say something controversial, in that i actually preferred this over one division, though it didn't have as many talking points throughout. i think a lot of my enjoyment with that show came from my own speculation and constant pointing at people, saying that they were mephisto. it made it far more engaging. but when we look at things after the fact, i feel that in terms of story and substance, that falcon in the winter soldier just beats it by a hair however, if you liked one division, then that's cool. i can totally see things from your point of view, and i won't hold it against you, but get the hell out of here. now. as for the fat wits er falcon in the winter soldier, i think that knowing there was a big storyline involving a virus that was cut, you can start to see the holes in certain parts of the series. originally the series was going to have a man-made virus which was unleashed by the grc to kill some of the refugees. and this is what nagel was tasked with curing by cauli. it also explains the vaccines that were being stolen and loaded onto a plane, as well as mamadonia's death due to the pandemic. marvel decided to cut it but because of this, i think that it's more difficult to relate to the flag smashes plea. carly still didn't really give me that sense of why so many people would follow her and lay down their lives in order to enact her plans. and at this point, i'm hoping that we do get an extended version of the series that shines her in a new light. as for joan walker, a lot of you got angry last time when i said that he was probably the best character. i was even called a typical white dude, which, being brown-haired, plain faced youtuber, i'm utterly appalled at what you mean. there's about seven thousand of us, so fair enough. anyway, i should rephrase that and say that it's probably the best performance. and why russell has gone from someone who's received death threats over his portrayal, which, though pretty crap, also shows just how good of a job he did as the new cap. but also, yeah, don't send death threats to actors you're [ __ ] now leading the series was, of course, anthony mackie and sebastian stan both have been doing these roles for years now, and it's at the point where much in the same way that i'll always think of robert downey jr when i picture iron man. the pair will forever feel like the perfect casting for their characters. it would be difficult to replace them. and though we've had things like walker's ark and the flag smashers thrust to the forefront of the series, the real story was sam accepting the role that steve gave him, while spucky learned to forgive himself for his past. it was really well laced throughout this show. and though often put on the back burner, watching the pair uncover the truth about the serum was a thrilling mystery that i wanted to see them get to the bottom of. now, as for zemo, daniel bruhl killed it, and i can't wait to see him more in the mcu. the first time i watched civil war, i was kind of mad on his understated performance. and though over the years i've come to accept that what he did was brilliant, this added way more dynamism to him. the dancing was amazing, and he was probably the funnest character to be around in this series. similar to zemo, sharon carter really got a lot more of an expanded role. she was someone who, in winter, soldier in civil war, was just a bit meh. and i tell you, down b m bargains, which is where i tend to buy my funko pops, they had piles and piles of civil war sharon ones that were on sale for about two pound as they couldn't get rid of them. however, this series made her someone very important. i'm glad they've managed to do something interesting with it. now it's because of reasons like that that i preferred it to one division, but obviously, let me know below if you disagree. overall, though, i think it was an excellent show, and i can't wait to see these characters back in the mcu. now, going forward, we have a lot lined up. and on june 11th, we will be getting loki. this six episode series is set to follow the version from endgame as he goes through the multiverse, meeting alternate versions of himself, whilst he tries to save everything from collapsing. on july 11th, we have the release of black widow. finally, what if is, as of this recording, debuting over the summer. shang chi is in september, along with venom, let there be carnage the eternals is in november. hawkeye is in the latter part of the air, as is apparently ms marvel. and we close out with spider-man, no way home, on december 17th. so it feels like we're just getting started on what is one of the best times to be a marvel fan ever. and i can't wait to see what's around the corner. we're going to be back with miriam carey at some point to discuss the series, so definitely keep an eye out for that video next week. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode and the show as a whole. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of april, in which we're giving away 3 copies of zack snyder's justice league in 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the show. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so if that's you, then message me on twitter, heavyspoilers, if you want something else to watch. then make sure you check out our breakdown of all the news on spiderman, no way home that we have so far, which will be linked on screen right now. alfred molina dropped a big interview with variety last week discussing how he's going to be returning. and we've just gone over all the leaks on top of that to give you a video that's worth watching. without the way, thank you for sticking through this. i've been poor, and hopefully i'll see you next time. thank you for all the support. have a great weekend. you 