kate and john coleman's marriage is strained after the stillbirth of their third child, jessica, whose loss is particularly hard on kate, a recovering alcoholic, the couple decide to adopt a nine-year-old russian girl, esther, from the local orphanage. while their five-year-old deaf daughter, max embraces esther almost immediately. [Music], their 12-year-old son, daniel, acts cold toward her. one night, after talking of how things have become since esther came into their lives, john and kate begin to have sex before esther interrupts them. kate becomes suspicious when esther expresses far more knowledge of sex than expected of a child her age, but john theorizes she may have learned this from her previous foster parents. later, esther demonstrates hostile behavior, killing an injured pigeon, an act widely associated with being the precursor to psychopathic behavior in children, and injuring a bullying classmate by pushing her from a climbing frame at the park, furthering kate's suspicions. [Music] sister abigail, the head of the orphanage, visits the household, warning kate and john of other tragic events surrounding esther. later, esther bates abigail by pushing maxine onto the road. she nearly runs over the girl with her car. horrified, abigail rushes to check on max astor walks up behind abigail and bashes her over the head with a hammer. she is dragged further from the road where she regains consciousness. astor finishes her off with the same hammer and pushes her body into a ditch. hiding the evidence in daniel's treehouse. she catches daniel spying on her, interrogates him and threatens to kill him if he tells his parents. as kate becomes further convinced that esther's behavior is sinister, john suggests esther do something nice for kate. astor brings her a bouquet of flowers from jessica's grave, angering kate, who roughly grabs esther's arm in response. later that night, esther purposely breaks her arm and blames kate, leading her to purchase two wine bottles. however, she resists drinking and empties one of the bottles. the next day, esther releases the break in the car, causing it to roll into oncoming traffic, with max inside. when esther points out the wine bottle she found in the kitchen, john and kate's therapist, dr browning, suggest that kate return to rehab, and john threatens to divorce her if she refuses. kate later discovers that esther came from an estonian mental hospital, and the orphanage esther claims she was from has no records of her. when daniel learns about sister abigail's death from maxson, searches the tree house, esther sets it on fire, [Music], causing daniel to fall, lose consciousness and be seriously injured. astor attempts to kill him, but is prevented by max. while daniel is in the hospital, esther smothers him. kate, whose suspicions have been confirmed, has had enough and strikes her but she is physically restrained and sedated. that night, esther attempts to seduce a drunken john, who threatens to send esther back to the orphanage for her behavior at the hospital. kate is contacted by dr varava of the sarn institute and learns that esther is actually a 33 year old woman named lena clammer, born in estonia in the soviet union. she has hypopituitarism, a rare hormonal disorder that stunted her physical growth and caused proportional dwarfism. and she has spent most of her life posing as a little girl. kate is also told that lena has murdered at least seven people, including the last family that adopted her after failing to seduce her adoptive father. and that the ribbons esther wears around her wrists and neck have been hiding scars from trying to break out of a straitjacket. meanwhile, lena removes her disguise and stabs jon to death, which max witnesses. [Music]. after kate rushes home, lena grabs a gun and attempts to shoot kate, wounding her arm. max seeks refuge in the greenhouse. lena looks for any family member to shoot, and kate tries to hide on top of the glass. after lena begins to open fire at max, kate starts yelling and exposes her location to lena. lena then tries to shoot her, but kate breaks through the roof and lands on top of her. kate and max run away as the police arrive, but lena attacks kate near a frozen pond, knocking the gun away from kate and hurling them onto the ice. max tries to shoot lena, but shatters the ice, sending lena and kate underwater. kate climbs out with lena clinging to her legs. lena, in a final desperate attempt, pleads with kate to save her, while hiding a knife behind her back. kate screams of lena that she's not her mother, and kicks her in the jaw, breaking her neck and killing her. lena sinks into the icy pond as kate and max meet up with the police. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. welcomes to movies summary. today, i am going to explain crime thriller movie hannibal. a decade after tracking down serial killer james gum fbi special agent clarice starling is blamed for a botched drug raid, she is contacted by mason berger, the only surviving victim of the cannibalistic serial killer hannibal lecter, who has been missing since escaping custody during the gum investigation, a wealthy child molester, verger, was paralyzed and disfigured by lecter during a therapy session. he has been pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture, torture and kill elector. ever since, using his wealth and political influence, berger has starling reassigned to lecter's case, hoping her involvement will draw lecter out. after learning of starling's disgrace, lecter sends her a taunting letter. a perfume expert identifies a fragrance on the letter skin cream with ingredients only available to a few shops in the world. she contacts the police departments of the cities where the shops are located, requesting surveillance tapes. in one city, florence, chief inspector ronaldo patsy, is investigating the disappearance of a library curator. potsie questions lecter, who is masquerading as dr phel the assistant curator and caretaker. recognizing dr fell in the surveillance tape, potsie accesses the violent criminal apprehension program database of wanted fugitives. he learns of burger's 3 million united states dollars personal bounty on lecter seeking the bounty. hatsey ignores starling's warnings and attempts to capture lector alone. he recruits a pickpocket to obtain lector's fingerprint to show verger as proof. the pickpocket, mortally wounded by lecter, manages to get the print and gives it to potzi. lector baits potzi into an isolated room of the palazzo vecchio, ties him up, disembowels him and hangs him from the balcony. berger bribes justice department official paul krendler to accuse starling of withholding a note from lecter leading to her suspension. lecter lures starling to union station. burgers men, having trailed starling, capture and bring lector to berger. berger intends to feed lector alive to a herd of wild boars, bread for this purpose. after her superiors refuse to act, starling infiltrates berger's estate. after neutralizing two guards and freeing lecter, she is shot by a third guard. lector picks up an unconscious starling just before the boars break through the doors. berger orders his physician, cordell dohemling, to shoot lecter, but at lector's suggestion. cordell shoves his hated boss into the pen, with lector offering to take the blame. lecter carries starling away, and the boar's eat berger alive. collector takes starling to krindler's secluded lake house and treats her wounds. when crendler arrives, lector subdues and drugs him. starling, disoriented by morphine and dressed in a cocktail dress, awakens to find krendler seated at the table, set for an elegant dinner. weakened by the drugs, she watches in horror as lecture removes part of krendler's prefrontal cortex, sautes it and feeds it to him. starling tries to attack lecter, but he overpowers and traps her. she handcuffs his wrist to hers. hearing the police closing in, lecter is about to sever her cuffed hand to escape, and brings down the cleaver. starling surrenders to the fbi with her hands intact. on a flight, lector prepares to eat a meal he has brought himself, his bandaged arm in a sling. lector shares cooked brain with the boy next to him, saying it is important always to try new things. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. malcolm crowe, a child psychologist in philadelphia, returns home one night with his wife anna, after having been honored for his work. a young man appears in their bathroom and accuses malcolm of failing him. malcolm recognizes him as vincent gray, a former patient he treated as a child for hallucinations. before he can talk vincent down, vincent shoots him and then himself. next fall, malcolm begins working with colcier, a nine-year-old boy. malcolm feels he must help him in order to rectify his failure and reconcile with his wife, who has become distant and cold. cole's mother, lynn, worries about his social skills, especially after seeing signs of physical harm. cole eventually confides his secret to malcolm. he sees ghosts walking around like the living, unaware that they are dead. malcolm thinks cole is delusional and considers dropping his case. after listening to an audio tape from a session with vincent, malcolm hears a weeping man begging for health in spanish, and believes that cole is telling the truth. he suggests that cole try to find a purpose for his gift by communicating with the ghosts and helping them finish their business. cole is unwilling at first, but agrees to try to help. cole awakens one night to discover a ghost girl vomiting. after finding out who she is, cole goes with malcolm to the funeral reception at her home. cole is directed to a box holding a videotape, which he gives to the ghost girl's father. the tape shows the girl's mother poisoning her daughter's food. by doing this, cole saves the girl's younger sister from the same fate. learning to live with the ghosts he sees, cole begins to fit in at school and is cast as the lead in the school play. before departing. cole suggests that malcolm should try speaking to anna while she is asleep. stuck in traffic, cole tells his mother his secret and says that someone died in an accident down the road. when lynn does not believe him, cole tells her his grandmother visits him and describes how she saw lynn in a dance performance when she was a child, giving details he could not have known. malcolm returns home to find his wife asleep in their wedding video playing, talking in her sleep. anna asks why he left her and drops malcolm's wedding ring. recalling what cole told him about how dead people only see what they want to see, malcolm starts to see things he did not see earlier. he recalls being shot and locates his gunshot wounds. and he discovers that he died that night from the wound and has been dead the entire time he was working with cole. malcolm tells his wife she was never second to anything, and that he loves her because of cole's efforts. malcolm's business is finally complete, and his spirit departs in a flash of light. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. in 1760, young barnabas collins and his wealthy family set sail from liverpool to the new world, establishing the town of kalinsport in maine, in their grand estate, collinwood. fifteen years later, barnabas spurns the advances of his servant, angelique. secretly a witch, she murders his parents with dark magic and curses barnabas out of jealousy, so that all he loves will die under the spell. his a set falls from a cliff to her death. barnabas throws himself after her, but survives. further, cursed by angelique to eternal suffering as a vampire, angelique turns the town against barnabas and buries him alive. [Music]. in 1972, maggie evans, who bears an uncanny resemblance to gisette, travels to collinwood to fill the position of governess. she assumes the name victoria winters, and meets the dysfunctional collins descendants, matriarch elizabeth, her brother roger, her teenage daughter carolyn, rogers, young son david, who believes he sees his late mother's ghost, and live-in psychiatrist, dr hoffman. that night, victoria is visited by the ghost of gisette. a construction crew building a mcdonald's unwittingly frees barnabas from his tomb. he apologetically feeds on their blood and makes his way to colinwood. perplexed by the modern day technology and fashion, he encounters at the manor. he hypnotizes the caretaker willie into his service and reveals to elizabeth that the legends of her long-lost ancestor are true. barnabas asks to rejoin the family and shows elizabeth the manor's secret passages and hidden treasure. though wary, she introduces him to the family as a distant relative from england with plans to reclaim the collins fortune. elizabeth and barnabas use his powers of persuasion and the family treasure to restore the collins canning company in collinwood to its former glory. as barnabas adjusts to modern life and falls for victoria, angelique, having survived through the centuries and now owner of rival angel bay seafood, is still in love with barnabas. to protect victoria, barnabas gives into angelique's lust and they have gravity-defying sex in her office. afterward, a remorseful barnabas again rejects angelique's love. barnabas hosts a happening at collinwood for the entire town with alice cooper as entertainment. he finds victoria, who reveals that she has seen the ghost of gissette her entire life, her parents committed her to an asylum, but she escaped and was drawn to collinwood. she returns barnabas affections and they kiss, to angelique's dismay. dr hoffman learns of barnabas true nature. he confronts the greedy roger and offers him a choice to become a better father to david, or to leave collinwood with enough money to live out his life elsewhere. roger chooses the latter, heartbroken. david is nearly struck by a falling disco ball, but barnabas saves him with supernatural speed and catches fire in the daylight, revealing himself as a vampire to the shocked household. desperate, barnabas meets with angelique, who goads him into confessing to his murders and demands he join her as her paramour. barnabas refuses and is again trapped in a coffin. angelique destroys the collins cannery and with a recording of barnabas confession, rallies the town against the family. david freeze barnabas, who confronts angelique at collinwood. they battle, and anjali can chance the house to turn against the family, despite the efforts of a shotgun wielding elizabeth and carolyn, who outs herself as a werewolf. angelique reveals that she was responsible for the werewolf that bit carolyn is an infant, and for the deaths of david's mother and barnabas parents. the ghost of david's mother incapacitates angelique, and the household escapes the burning manner. angelique offers barnabas her heart, which crumbles as she dies. he races to the cliff and finds victoria, unwilling to live as a mortal with him, but he refuses to turn her into a vampire. she steps off the cliff and he leaps after her, biting her as they plummet to the ground. victoria awakens in barnabas arms as a vampire, declaring herself giusette. and they passionately embrace. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. [Music]. a musician, casey affleck, lives with his wife in a small house in dallas, texas. they lead a happy life together and are looking for a new home and planning their move. she tells him that before she moves away from a place, she likes to hide a note for herself there, in case she ever returns. they occasionally hear strange noises in the house. one night they hear a loud bang in their living room, which contains a piano, which came with the house. they cannot find the source of the noise. the next morning, the husband is killed in a car accident in front of their house. at the hospital, his wife views his body before covering it with a sheet. the man awakens as a ghost, still covered in the sheet, and wanders through the hospital invisible to others. a door of light opens before him, but he makes no attempt to approach it, and it closes. he walks home and watches his wife grieve. through the window, he sees another sheet-covered ghost inside the house next door. the two ghosts wave to one another. one night, the wife arrives home with a man whom she kisses. the ghost hurls books from the shelf and turns lights on and off. the wife later listens to a song written by her husband. she eventually decides to move out. before she leaves, she writes a short note and hides it in a gap in a wall. the ghost picks at the gap, but cannot retrieve the note. a family moves into the house. the ghost watches them eat dinner, play the piano and celebrate christmas. he becomes more and more agitated, and the children sense and become upset by his presence. one night, the ghost gets upset after seeing a framed photo of the happy family on the piano and knocks it down, then starts hurling plates and glasses from the kitchen cabinet in anger. the family moves away. the second ghost continues to wait next door. at a party thrown by the next occupants, a hipster explains the premise of the film, positing that remnants of the past, such as beethoven's symphonies, will linger in the collective human memory long past the collapse of civilization. the man then describes the big crunch theory, which concludes that the entire universe will eventually collapse back into a singularity. the partygoers notice the lights flickering. the house is eventually abandoned and becomes derelict. the ghost finally manages to slide the note out of the wall, but just as he does, bulldozers level the house, along with the house next door. as they look at each other atop the rubble of their former homes. the second ghost realizes and remarks, they're not coming back, and suddenly vanishes from under its sheet, which crumples to the ground. the man's ghost watches as a skyscraper is built where his house stood. he walks through the building under construction, which is eventually completed as an office building. he then goes out onto the roof, seeing a futuristic cityscape, the ghost jumps from the ledge and falls. the ghost is then standing in an empty field where a family of settlers is staking out a claim on which to build a house. he watches the family's young daughter, who is humming the song he wrote. she writes a note and hides it under a rock. the settler family is then shown dead after an attack. and the ghost watches as the daughter's corpse decays and the field grows over it. finally, the ghost is inside the house again, watching as his living self and his wife see it for the first time. he asks the realtor about the piano, which she says has always been here. as he watches the couple, he sees tension in the marriage, and the husband is resisting the idea of moving out. the night before his death, he tells his wife that he is ready to move. the ghost sits at the piano and strikes the keys, causing the noise that startled them at the beginning. later, as the wife moves out, the ghost sees his earlier self now a ghost also, but unaware of the other's presence. watching her leave, he goes to retrieve the note from the wall, as before, and this time manages to reach it. upon opening and reading the note, the ghost's sheet crumples and he vanishes. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. after a year, most of earth's human population has been annihilated by blind creatures with hypersensitive hearing that attack anything that makes noise. they are covered in armor, which protects them from bullets and explosives. the avid family, wife evelyn, husband lee, deaf daughter regan and sons, marcus and beau, silently scavenge for supplies in a deserted town, going barefoot. while outdoors, the family communicates in american sign language. inside a store, four-year-old bow is drawn to a battery-powered space shuttle toy, but lee takes it away due to the noise it would make. regan returns the toy de beau, who also takes the batteries that his father removed from it. beau activates the toy when the family is crossing a bridge, alerting a nearby creature that kills him. over a year later, regan struggles with guilt over her brother's death. evelyn enters the final stages of pregnancy, and lee fruitlessly tries to make radio contact with the outside world. lee attempts to upgrade regan's cochlear implant with scavenged miniature amplifiers to restore her hearing, but the devices are ineffective. later, lee takes marcus to a nearby river with a large waterfall to teach him how to fish, while regan sneaks off to visit beau's memorial. lee tells marcus it is safe to talk when there are louder background sounds that mask their voices from the creatures. marcus says that regan blames herself for beau's death and needs her father to tell her he still loves her. alone at the house, evelyn goes into labor. while making her way to their basement, she accidentally steps on an exposed nail with her bare foot, and drops a glass picture frame, alerting a nearby creature. evelyn flips a switch that changes the exterior house lights to red as a signal to the others, and struggles to remain silent during her contractions. arriving at the farm and seeing the lights, lee instructs marcus to set off fireworks as a diversion. lee finds evelyn hiding in the bathroom with their newborn son. they make their way to the improvised soundproof basement. lee leaves to find the other children. evelyn falls asleep, but awakens to discover the basement is flooded from a broken water pipe, and that a creature is inside with her. regan and marcus take refuge atop a grain silo and light a fire to signal their father. a hatch door suddenly gives way, and marcus falls into the silo. the falling door distracts the creature that was stalking evelyn, and it instead targets marcus and regan. regan, who has jumped in after marcus, sinks into the corn and nearly suffocates, but marcus saves her. regan's cochlear implant reacts to the proximity of the creature by emitting a high frequency sound that repels it. the children escape the silo and find their father. the creature return, attacking and wounding lee. while marcus and regan hide in a pickup truck. marcus shouts, attracting the creature away from his father to the truck. lee signs to regan that he loves her and always has before yelling to draw the creature to him. the creature attacks and kills lee. regan and marcus roll the truck down a hill to escape and reunite with evelyn and the baby at the farmhouse. the four retreat to the basement. when the creature returns regan, who realizes that the sound made by the implant distresses the creature, switches the device back on and places it on a nearby microphone, amplifying the feedback. painfully disoriented, the creature exposes the flesh beneath its armored head, allowing evelyn to fatally shoot it with a shotgun. the family views a cctv monitor showing two creatures, attracted by the noise of the shotgun blast, approaching the house. with their newly acquired knowledge of the creature's weakness, the members of the family arm themselves and prepare to fight back. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. a boy named light is shown in the beginning of the film. at that time, light is at his school. suddenly, the seasonal changes occur. winds begin to blow, and a notebook falls on the earth from the sky. light finds that notebook, and he scrutinizes it, and he keeps it in his possession. here it is exposed. this was not an ordinary notebook, but a mysterious, ancient notebook. then it starts raining there. light observes, going inside, that a mischievous student of school is teasing another boy of school. and light forbids him to do as such. while that boy punches light in return, light falls on the ground along with his bad teacher. discovers the home assignments of other students from lights back here, the secret of light is revealed, that he helps out the other students in their home assignments. light is sent to the principal for this cause. light is kept in a room isolated as a punishment. sitting in isolation, he recalls the ancient notebook. then he begins to read that book. it was not a normal notebook, but it was stuffed with the statements of rules. there were also rules and regulations to keep this notebook. this notebook belongs to the centuries ago. light senses awkward getting this notebook. the mysterious happening begins to occur. when he is examining this notebook. light observes a weird things there. it was not a human being, but another creature. it was giving a heinous and devilish look, having the pointed body surface. light is scared too much witnessing him. but he understands everything later, that he is not any creature, but a death spirit. and this death spirit is the owner of this notebook. death sprit tells light about the reality of this notebook as what it can do. there are some specific notes in this book, which have been called death notes. and the keeper of this book is the owner of this notebook. it means light was the owner of this notebook at that time. the important fact of this notebook is that written name of any person on its death note, will soon die. the owner of notebook can kill anyone according to his liking. as light can write any way of killing in the notebook. after selection, then the victim would die. according to the written statement, that owner will have to follow some of the rules for doing so, like does not trust in it right now, death sprit with book, is visible before that person, who is the owner of the notebook. at that time, death spirit tells light, you have to write at least a name in the notebook. within seven days, this notebook will be owned to another person. if he does not write the name of anyone, disobeying the rule. the condition to write the name of anyone in notebook is that owner must have in the mind the face and real name of that person. and only way of death will be written, which exist in reality. death sprints says to the light, you must apply this notebook. and light looks at that mischievous boy through the room window, who is also teasing someone at that time, and he had also hit light. being agreed with death spirit, light writes down the name of that boy in the notebook. he writes the way of death for that boy, as his head will be crushed. then the site of outside is shown, which is immediately changes who cars are collided with each other. while one car had the iron ladder in it, with which that boy's head is crushed. in reality, everyone with light is left shocked witnessing it. seeing light had started to believe that the told facts by death spirit are based on truth. so the light is very frightened. death spirit tells lie that you can do many things with the help of this book. i will give this ownership of this notebook to another one if you don't want to have this notebook. afterwards, light returns to his house. lights father is seen in the house, who was detective. then it is shown that a criminal had killed light's mother a few years ago, but that criminal was wandering freely because of having no evidence. so there was not good association between father and son. due to this, light is angered, with his father saying, you are not avenging my mother. light used to be upset because of this reality. then light hits upon an idea that he may write the name of that criminal in that death note. and he does the same. he writes down the name of criminal in the death note. then the same criminal is shown while was celebrating a party with his buddies. all of a sudden, he is dead in front of everyone. the father and son are satisfied hearing the death news of that criminal. here, light avenges his mother. and the relationship between both father and son also restored. then light thinks, how did this notebooks magic use for the good purpose? light was pondering it sitting at the school. then the girls named mia comes to him. mia is the bosom friend of light. so he reveals his secret to her, that i have found a mysterious book. any person is dead whom name is written in it. but mia does not trust it. light shows me a demonstration to prove it, where killer arrives on the scene. light writes down about the killer in death note as he will be dead when a car crashes with him. it happens the same because light knew the real name and face of that killer in his mind. mia is left surprised witnessing it. they plan, we are the owner of a great power, so we will eradicate the evilest persons from this world. evilest people include as criminals, murders and such threatening people. for doing so, the face and the real name could easily be explored through internet. so they put the evil people's name in the list, and the evil people also begin to meet their fate gradually. here it is also revealed that notebooks owner can hold sway over the dying person. light had chosen a name for himself, which was kira. as light used to write the name cara whenever someone died, so the evilest people may leave doing the wrong deed after being terrorized by this name. that kira has arrived to end all criminals and evilest people. at first sight, this news is gone viral throughout the world, that a serial killer, kira has come who is continuing to kill everyone. and some people were favoring kira. in this way, the evilest people will be rooted out from the world. there was no evidence against light, so it was not easy to detect him. then an intelligence investigator is hired to tackle this case. that investigators name was jay, who was very sharp. used to mask his face. and his real name was also unknown by anyone. like and mia, were very satisfied in their life. they had killed more than 400 people. jay informs in a meeting that kira, reveal yourself before everyone. being an intelligent j investigates the roots of this case. j also takes the companionship of lights father, because he was detective, so they may reach kira as soon as possible. light and mia are upset because they had not thought that it will be conspired to arrest them because they were still contented. but jay's arrival had increased their anxiety. light asks his father what will be the punishment of kira if he is caught? lights father tells half of the population will demand that kira should be sentenced to death, while half of the population will force to investigate the way how he did it. knowing it, lights anxiety is more increased. he also reveals it to mia, and he suggests to her that we should stop it now, because there were many people, including light, under the suspicion of jay, because he could approach the data of his father. so jaya assigns a duty of an agent to detect light, so he may keep an eye on the activities of light. knowing it like keeps himself calm down. mia feels bad realizing the lack of interest in notebook by light, because mia was feeling pleasure of doing so. jay had become the hinderance on the way of light and mia. but they cannot kill him in spite of their will, because neither they had seen his face, nor they got knowledge of his real name. it was also the rule of the notebook. light and mia are talking over it that name of all agents should be written down in this notebook. you are detecting carousel. other agents may be terrorized by kira. and they have to close this case reluctantly. it was the suggestion of mia, while light was not willing to do any such thing, because he was not willing to take the life of innocent people. so mia has to agree with light. contrarily, jay also comes to know that kira has victimized those people who have been shown on tv. and kira cannot victimize those whose face and name are unreal before him. to avoid the suspicion, light decides that he will not kill people for some days. suddenly, an incident occurs, as all agents commit suicide, jumping off the bill or the agents of this case and searching for kira. these names had not been written by light. who had written their names here? a situation is worsened. because cara was killing the evilest people till now. people were tagging him hero, but he had killed police now, so he turned into a threat who can take the life of anyone. light is troubled because of this incident. he asks death spirit, have you committed it? then death spirit tells these names have been written by anyone else, because i cannot do it. lights father challenges kira in his seminar that stop killing the innocent people. kill me. if you have courage, come before everyone. this news watched by mia. and like mia says to him in aggression, write down the name of your father in that notebook. he says to mia, how can i kill my father? are you gone? mad? jay was more wisely tackling this case. he inspects either kira kill lights father or not. but it does not happen. light's father remains alive. so jay's suspicion on light is turned into belief, because he is also a detective tackling this case. but he did not become the victim of kyra. so kira is not anyone else but light. so jack in front slide at night, he attempts to explore from him that you are kyra. j also interrogates light, revealing his face. he says, stop doing it. now. light leaves overlooking him. now the sword of damocles hangs over his head. he could not kill jay. in spite of his wish, mia says, i had a great affection for you. we should do something to avoid this trouble light, thanks a lot. to keep j out of his way, he says, i have seen the face of jnj's real name will surely been owned by his friend. light writes down the name of jay's friend in that notebook, and he gets the control of him. now, the notebooks, one more rule is revealed here, that person will be secured, getting no harm if the other burns the person's name page. but death spread exposes light. it will be done only for once. now, jay's friend was under the control of light, but he was also unaware about the real name of jay. light orders him know about the real name of jay. at any rate. jay's friend tells jus to visit an academy. it is possible that his documents may have his real name. so light immediately asks him to visit academy. jay's friend carries out the order and moves to academy. light had planned that, knowing the real name of jay, he will burn that page where jay's friend name has been written, and he will be secured, and everything will come on its routine. but jay's suspected that his friend is missing. he also understands that whole story, that light had also taken hold of him. to know my real name. jay is distressed on it, and he comes to lights house without informing he tells lights, father, your son is real kira. it is he who has disappeared, my friend. but light was not in the state of being suspected, because there was no evidence against mjs. finds nothing in their house while discovering it, nor that ancient notebook, because mia had taken it away with her. then light receives the call of jay's friend, who says, i have reached academy. and he had left a little time. jay's friend is nearly to reveal the name. then light checks, there is not the page of name, but has disappeared when he is going to burn it. so jay's friend is dead. before telling the names, light is dejected on it. then mia reveals their secret in a dance party, that i have torn the name page of jay's friend moreover. i had also written the name of agents in that notebook. she tells, i have also written your name in that notebook. now, and the way of light's death is this, his heartbeat will stop working at midnight, leaving him dead. she says, i will burn the page of your name if you hand over this notebook. to me, it means mia flirts with him in order to gain that notebook. knowing about the death of his friend, jay struggles hard to arrest light. at last, jay catches light, but jays says to cook, standing there he is, kira, help me to capture him. but cook knocks jay out because he was the defender of kira. light also takes mia with him while running. then they come to the swing and caught upward. meantime, police also reach their light says, tamia, you will not touch this notebook. if you love me, we will mutually bring things on their correct form. being greedy, mia disagrees with him. she grabs notebook from light. light says to mia, seeing it, you have wronged it at all. hearing it, mia understands light will have written my name in this notebook. their names were on the pages of notebook. so both immediately fall down. mia is dead at the spot, but light falls into the water. then light is shown in the hospital who had gone into coma. meanwhile, more criminals are also dead. people notice that jay had a suspicion on light, who has gone into coma, and people are still dying. then i observed that a page is separated from that notebook when mia and light were falling down from the swing, and it is burnt. and that page had a written name light. light had acted wisely as when he knew that mia had written his name in the notebook, then he wrote in the book, mia will be dead if she brings back that notebook from him, and the page which has written name of light will be burnt. and when light fall into the water, he had also written the names of the evilest persons in the book. a corrupt doctor makes light deeply unconscious, bringing him out of the water. later, the same doctor commits suicide. then another man takes that notebook. he write many evil people in that notebook. afterwards, that man brings notebook to light, who had come out of the coma. after this, jay is terminated. but he discovers mia's house for the last time. and he gets the name of dead police officers. so all allegations are put on mia. light had also recovered completely and also gained that notebook. but he had learned a lesson that he will not trust anyone from now on. and the movie also, hello everyone. welcomes to movie summary. in the distant future, 2092, human beings have achieved immortality through electromagnetic cell technology. they no longer have to suffer from illness and aging, though at the cost of infertility. nemo is the last mortal on earth. he is already 117 years old, but he insists that he is only 34 and was born in 1975. everyone thinks he has lost his memory, thus calling him mr.craft. mr dot craft will spend the rest of his life under the live camera, and all the people will vote to decide whether to let die a natural death or to artificially prolong his existence. when he looks into the mirror and sees old man with such a wrinkled face, he cries out in panic, cleaning that this must be a dream. and struggling to wake himself up, no trace of identity has been found, and his past remains a mystery. in order to figure out his project, the doctor uses one of the oldest hypnosis to enter his subconsciousness, which traces back to the time before his birth. all the children will stay in heaven before they are born. they know everything, the past, the present and the future. the angels of oblivion will place their finger on each child's mouth, making a mark on their lips, which means they will forget everything. however, the angels forgot about nemo. therefore he able to remember his different future lives. before incarnation, every child has to find a dad and a mom for himself. nemo chose the blonde woman who smelled nice with a little bit of hormone flavor. so there he was. he is the only one who can see the future, and everything that is going to happen is within his control. he once told his mom about the secret of the angels of oblivion, but his gray words were not taken seriously. once back home, nemo saw his horny mom cheating with a man in a grove. he was so resentful and sad for the mom's disloyalty to his father, as well as for not catching the nasty two's hormone let go scenes. then his mom and dad had been quarreling at the time that they ended up with a divorce. at the crossroads of the train platform, nemo had to make a choice, either to go with his mom or to stay with his dad. finding it so hard to make the right choice. these choices are just like schrodinger's cat, full of uncertainty. no matter which life he chooses, he has to give up the other one. there is no way to test which one is better. there is no way to test which one is better. however, nemo has a special ability to see the end of each life. if one way does not work, he can go back to the starting point and chooses the other. it all started with the three girls he met when he was a child. they were the girl in red, the girl and blur and the girl in yellow. he fell in love with red at first sight at the school's swimming class. days later, in a field activity, when red invited him to swim with her, much to her anger, he just told her that her friends were all idiots, and he didn't want to go swimming with idiots. red thought he was such a jerk that she walked away, resulting in an abrupt stop of his hormone story before it could develop any further. nemo had no idea what on earth made him say like that. years later, by chance, he met red again, who has already become the mom of two kids, kids, kids. nemo regretted it a lot. therefore, he ended this life and went to back to the time when red invited him to swim. this time, he bravely admitted that the fact that he could not swim, and asked red to keep the secret for him. red therefore had a crush on nemo because of his frankness. this time, however, red turned out to be his stepfather's daughter, his stepsister. the horny two continued their hormone let go game without telling their parents. they spent all the time together, getting pleasure and excitement from their inmate homo ship. later, their parents found are their affairs, saying it was so sick and intolerable to their eyes. in order separate them, his mom and stepfather broke up and left for different cities. the hormone thirsty two had to say goodbye to each other. red was still in deep love with nemo, so she asked him to wait for her at the lighthouse every sunday until they met again. however, red never showed up. nemo's mom received all the letters by red sending him new york. in rage, she tore up all of them and persuaded nemo to start a new life. when he was 34 years old, his car ran off the road into a river and he was drowned to death. he thought this path did not work for him either, so he went back to the crossroads again and made a new choice. this time, he chose to stay with his dad to start a whole new life. he became interested in writing science fiction novels. when he the saw girl, blue, at first sight, he fell in love with her. at the time, blue was just dumped by her boyfriend and was heartbroken. therefore, nemo was a great relief to her. due to the hormone effect, the two made out that night fantastic, but too fast. later, however, when he saw blue again, blue was back with the rich boyfriend. nemo drove away on his motorcycle, taking all his anger out on the throttle. he fell into the grove along the road and became a vegetable. he realized that this was a dead path, so he went back to the time before the accident and started over. this time, nemo was no longer a coward. he chose to tell blue that he loved her. though blue was just dumped by her boyfriend and was suffering from an emotional and hormonal void, she still turned him down. she told nemo that though her boyfriend did not love her, she was still in deep love with him. however, nemo didn't give up. through his persistence and the ability to see the future, he finally won blue's heart. they got married later. however, not long after the wedding, a car accident took away blue's life, and nemo was seriously injured too. at the age of 34, nemo became an astronaut and successfully went to the space station. however, an explosion in the space ended his life. obviously, that life was not what he wanted either. therefore, he once again went back to the time before the accident to start over with blue. however, blue never really loved nemo deep inside her. their incomplete marriage was fated to fail. crying all day long, blue thoughts her life was passing her by, and felt her guilt was going to flood her. so blue left memo this life path proved to be dead. and once again, so nemo went back to the time when he was seven and made a new choice. a brand new life began. he met blue again at the bar, but this time he made a completely opposite choice. he chose and married yellow, who is an asian girl, but definitely not the one he was in love with. for he just wanted to marry the first girl who choose to dance with him. this was such a stupid decision. as his marriage life was like a nightmare. he was completely lost in a fake identity which he could not recognize. he even made all his decision randomly by a coin toss. there were so many times that he tried to drown himself. he narrowly escaped from a trains crush, but ended up killed by two assassins by mistake. he did not care about how yellow felt. though he saw his own death, he did not want to do anything to change it at all. that life path obviously did not work for him either. so nemo went back again to the crossroads where his parents broke up. after having run through so many different life paths, he finally realized the underlying logic of fate. life is like a game of chess in which every single move is zug zwang. the only viable move is not to take any action, which means not taking choice anymore. because every option has an arranged ending. nemo will die at the age of 34 no matter which choices he makes. thighs lives exist at the same time and are equally important. the seven-year-old boy at the crossroads already saw his future, but he did not make a choice this time. instead, he ran to the other side of the crossroads, spending his whole life alone at the lighthouse. many years later, nemo and red finally met again at the train station. they were still in deep love with each other. red had been pretending to be alive for the past years, waiting to be together with nemo again, to live a meaningful life. the two had a passionate reunion, releasing their full loads of hormone built up for so many years. as always, fantastic, but fast though, red gave nemo her number and left, promising she would meet him in two days at the lighthouse. unfortunately, a sudden downpour made her note a legible. the two lost contact forever. at the last moment of his life, memo finally met red again. this life path is the only one that has led to somewhere. so he has lived to 117 years old. it's revealed that all the other short lives have actually not happened yet. they only exist in the imagination of a seven-year-old boy. when the boy decides not to make choices anymore, the mirages of the city building outside the window are taken apart, and all the parallel worlds collapse. suddenly, everything disappears. in the final score, nemo goes back to the crossroads and draws a closed loop. in fact, no matter whether nemo makes a choice or not, all the previewed in his mind exist and are equally important, starting from the big bang, and being like the preset springs, they will spontaneously develop into different life paths. a spacecraft flies near earth and releases an object, which enters the atmosphere on a central american beach, dutch, a retired vietnam war veteran, and his elite mercenary rescue team, pancho billy, mack blaine and hawkins, are tasked by dutch's former commanding officer, general phillips, with rescuing a foreign cabinet minister and his aide held hostage by insurgents. cia. officer dylan, an old friend of duchess from the vietnam war, is assigned to accompany the team over dutch's objections. the team discovers the wreckage of a helicopter in three skinned corpses identified by dutch's green berets out of fort bragg that he knew personally. dutch's team reaches the enemy camp and kills all of the guerrillas, including soviet intelligence officers. confronted by dutch, dylan admits the mission was a setup to retrieve intelligence from captured operatives and that the dead green berets disappeared weeks earlier in a failed rescue. after capturing anna, the only surviving gorilla, the team proceeds to its extraction point, unaware that they are being tracked with thermal imaging by an unseen observer. anna escapes and is chased by hawkins, but they are ambushed by a cloaked creature. it spares anna, but kills hawkins and drags his body away. dutch organizes a search for hawkins body, during which blaine is killed by the creature. enraged, mack initiates a fire fight that wounds the creature, revealing luminescent green blood. the unit regroups and realizes that something in the jungle is stalking them. dylan believes more gorillas are responsible, but billy is adamant that the predator is not human, an assertion that is met with skepticism. the team makes camp for the night, setting traps in all directions. that night, the traps are set off, and matt kills a wild boar, mistaking it for the creature. in the confusion, the creature steals blaine's body, and dutch realizes that their enemy uses the trees to travel, making their traps ineffective. a second attempt to capture the creature using a net momentarily succeeds, but it escapes easily, leaving pancho injured. mack and dylan try to pursue it, but the alien outmaneuvers and kills them. the creature then catches up with the others, killing billy and pancho and wounding dutch. realizing the creature does not target unarmed prey because there is no sport in it, dutch sends anna to the helicopter unarmed. the creature pursues dutch into a river and moves within a few feet of a mud-covered dutch. his thermal signature reduced, dutch remains unseen by the creature, and it moves on. dutch realizes he can use mud as camouflage. while the creature collects trophies from the dead soldiers, dutch crafts traps and weapons and lures the creature to him. he disables the creature's cloaking device and inflicts minor injuries, but falls into the water, losing his mud camouflage. the creature subdues dutch, and wishing to fight him on equal terms, it discards its energy weapon and mask and engages dutch in hand-to-hand combat. dutch is almost beaten, but manages to crush the creature under a trap's counterweight. as the creature lies dying, dutch asks the question, what the hell are you to which the creature replies back to him the same question as well, before activating a self-destruct device and laughing madly with billy's voice. realizing what the creature has done, dutch runs from it as quickly as he can. he manages to take cover just before the device explodes, and is later rescued by phillips and anna with a helicopter. movie ends in that scene. while exploring space for new habitable worlds, a probe belonging to the bioengineering corporation life foundation, discovers a comet covered in symbiotic life forms. the probe returns to earth with four samples, but one escapes and causes the ship to crash in malaysia. the life foundation recovers the other three and transports them to their research facility in san francisco, where they discover that the symbiotes cannot survive without oxygen breathing hosts, which often fatally reject the symbiosis. investigative journalist eddie brock reads about these human trials in a classified document in the possession of his fiancee, ann wayne, an attorney preparing a lawsuit defense for the light foundation. brock confronts life foundation ceo, carlton drake about the trials, leading to both brock and weighing losing their jobs, consequently, weighing ends their relationship. six months later, drake's symbiosis trials are closer to success, though one of his symbiotes dies due to carelessness. brock is approached by dora skirt, one of drake's scientists, who disagrees with his methods and wants to expose him. she helps brock break into the research facility to search for evidence, and he learns that an acquaintance of his, a homeless woman named maria, is one of the test subjects. brock attempts to rescue maria, but the symbiote possessing her, transfers to his body without him realizing, leaving her dead. brock escapes and soon begins displaying strange symptoms. he reaches out to weighing for help, and her new boyfriend, dr dan lewis, discovers the symbiote on examining brock. drake exposes skirth to the remaining captive symbiote, killing both. this leaves the symbiote inside brock as the only known surviving specimen. drake sends mercenaries to retrieve this symbiote from brock, but it manifests around his body as a monstrous creature that fights off the attackers. it later introduces itself to bronchus venom and explains that the comet is searching for planets where the symbiotes can possess and devour the inhabitants. venom offers to spare brock if he helps the symbiotes achieve their goal. and brock comes to enjoy the superhuman attributes that the symbiote imbues him with. brock breaks into his old workplace to turn in evidence of drake's crimes, but is surrounded by swat officers, and is forced to transform to escape. wayne witnesses this transformation and takes brock back to lewis office, where they explain that the symbiote is slowly rotting brock's internal organs. brock notes that the symbiote has two weaknesses, high pitched noises and fire. although venom claims that the organ damage can be reversed, wayne uses an mri machine to help brock separate from the symbiote. brock is then captured by drake's men. meanwhile, the fourth symbiote, riot, makes its way from malaysia to san francisco by hopping from body to body. it bonds with drake, who agrees to take riot in a life foundation space probe to collect the rest of the symbiotes and bring them to earth. weighing reluctantly bonds with venom so they can free brock. when brock and venom are bonded again, the latter states that he has been convinced to help protect the earth from his kind through his interactions with brock. and the pair attempt to stop riot and drake with weighing's health, venom damages the probe as it takes off, causing it to explode and kill both riot and drake. after the incident, brock returns to journalism, while wayne believes brock is no longer bonded to venom after this, and that venom also died in the explosion. however, the pair remained secretly bonded and set out to protect san francisco by killing criminals. in a mid-credits scene, brock is invited to interview incarcerated serial killer cletus cassidy, who promises carnage when he escapes. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 