welcome to the man of recaps. this is West world, season 1. meet Dolores. she lives in the old timey American West with her father, the rancher. and her life is just amazing. she lives near the town of Sweetwater, and one day, doing some shopping, drops a can, picked up by this handsome gunslinger with the heart of gold, Teddy. they have an amazing date, but that night, her father is shot and killed by the notorious milk bandit. Teddy takes him out because he's the man. but there's one bandit left, the man in black. unfortunately, he is immune to bullets what so he shoots Teddy and drags Dolores into the shed to rape her. but Dolores wakes up the next day like nothing ever happened. it's all back to normal. how well? she's living in a theme park called West world, and she is a robot person. Wow, that's right. West world is a giant futuristic amusement park where wealthy tourists get to come and live in the American West for a while. and it's populated by these incredibly realistic synthetic humans they call hosts. they basically 3d print them. and dip them in milk. their brains are programmed a lot like computers. and this is the head of behavior, Bernard. he's very excited because they've just introduced a new feature to make them more lifelike, called reveries. basically give them a little bit of memory of past events, you know, junior program RLC is like, isn't giving the memories a really bad idea? and he's like, no, no, I'm sure it'll be fine. but some of the hosts start bugging out, and the milk bandits go way off script. so Bernard goes to see dr. Robert Ford, the mysterious founder of Westworld. Bernards like, hey, I think we gotta scale back the reveries. it's like, yeah, that's probably a good idea, but the damage may have been done. dolorous, his dad, found this photograph of a woman in Times Square in New York. dolores says, that doesn't look like anything to me. that's their program response when they see something they're not supposed to. but her dad, like freaks out into a seizure. and he whispers into her ear, these violent delights have violent ends. now, that's just a Shakespeare quote. it doesn't mean anything. so Dolores runs to town to get help. but who are these guys riding in? it's Hector, sexiest bandit in the West. he's here to steal the safe from the saloon. he and his gang ride into town every weekend. cause a great palpable ooh. it's a big attraction. everyone's favorite. the young head of story Lea Sizemore, is very excited about the new speech he's written for Hector. but just as he's about to deliver it, he gets shot in the neck by some dumb tourists. these people. later, they're checking on Delores his dad, and he starts saying some real creepy apocalyptic stuff, but dr. Ford's like, oh, don't worry. he's just pulling script an old character he used to play. he used to be a creased cannibal preacher. those were the good, old days. but the head of quality control, Teresa, is like, look, he's broken. oh, we gotta retire him. so they walk him down to the freezer, which is full of all the old retired hosts I can't show cuz they're naked. they were placed Delores his dad with some random dude. she doesn't notice, and she's cleared to go back to the park because she's acting fine, but she's able to swat a fly, which is against her core programming harm no living thing. now meet William, his coworker and soon-to-be brother-in-law. Logan is taking him to West's world as a bachelor party. we get to see the futuristic entrance with mana rails and stuff. they have a hot girl help you get into costume. and Jimmy's like, wait a sec. are you a robot? and she's like, if you can't tell the difference, does it really matter? by the way, I'm totally down for sex. and he's like, oh, okay, you're a robot. I'm engaged. no, thanks. the final step is choosing your hat, white or black. Williams echoes, this is symbolic decision about the nature of our innermost cells. she's like, what? no, dude. it's just a hat. pick one. William chooses white hat cuz he's a real good guy. Logan makes fun of him. he likes Westworld cuz he can give in to his darkest impulses. one morning, Williams sees Dolores drop her can, and he rushes in to hand it to her before Teddy does. it's a really good meet, cute. but it's less cute a different day when the cans picked up by the man in black. he's like, don't worry, Loris no rape today. I've got something different plan. he's out in the desert torturing this random guy. see, he's discovered a secret side quest called the maze. and whatever the first clue was, it seems to get the second. he has to scalp this guy. what? sure enough, the next clues on the guy's scalp. and he's like, wow, this quest is hardcore. for the next step, he needs to famed outlaw Lawrence, who was about to be hanged. he's like, sorry, Lana, and I need this guy who shoots him all up. he takes Lawrence back to his family, but then he's like, hey, tell me about the next part of the maze, or I kill them. Lawrence is like, I don't think so, amigo. I've got my cousin's here to help me out. man in blacks like, dude, I live for this, but mommy stabs him and goes crazy bust him up. of course, it's not fair, because real humans can't get hurt in West's world, but his skills are still really impressive. so the man in black shoots his wife, and that triggers the daughter to be like, the maze isn't meant for you. he's like, dang, this quest is really hardcore. she tells him that he needs to go find the snake by the river, so he and Lawrence set off to do that. William is still on the level one intro quests of stopping the escaped convict. he sucks, though, so he gets shot, but he shoots the guy back and wins, because, of course, real humans can't get to hurt in West world. it just stings a little bit. the quest reward is a free night with the hot prostitute he saved. but he's like, still no robots. still engaged. thanks. though, he wants to go off and do some more beginner bounty quests. and Logan's like, wow, that's super boring, but if you want it's your bachelor party. speaking of quests, Lea Sizemore is launching a whole new storyline. it's gonna be epic. but forward steps in. he's like, know, your story sucks. I'm gonna make my own in fact, he's planning to reboot an old story line from this buried village in the desert. else, he's been following up on the weird behavior of the malfunctioning hosts. turns out a lot of them were talking to someone named Arnold. Bernhard asks for do you know what that means? it's like, oh, of course. Arnold was my old partner. we founded this park together. see, in the early days, they were working to make the hosts truly conscious, but they never quite got there. one of the things Arnold tried was coding in an internal dialogue with him. that's why the malfunctioning hosts reverted to that old code. Bernards like, okay, well, what happened to Arnold? oh, he died in the park in a mysterious accident we don't talk about. okay, another problem comes up. a random host has wandered off. so else he checks it out with the head of security, Luke Hemsworth. he's like, what up? girl, romance subplot. she's like, mole, no, thanks. I'm into chicks. so they find this group of hosts in an endless loop, unable to cook their dinner because the host that wandered off is the only one authorized to use the axe for chopping firewood. they find him stuck in this ditch. but then he goes crazy. he's gonna smash Elsie with any bashes his own head, which is creepy, but a lot better. now, Teddy story is pretty boring, so dr. Ford decides to give him a big part in his new storyline. the new villain is Wyatt, an army commander who went crazy and massacred his own regiment. Teddy was there that day and managed to get away. so now he's hunting down Wyatt. but he gets ambushed and that night, taken prisoner. but now, and allures the story, when the milk bandits come, she has no one to save her, and she's getting pulled into the barn to get raped again. but this time she finds a gun that she was mysteriously compelled to hide there earlier, and she shoots the guy and runs off into the distance, stumbling into the camp of William. the man in black is hunting snakes by the river, but when he sees this girl's tattoo, he realizes that's the one. her name is armistice, and she's part of Hector's gang. man in blacks. I can't want to join the gang. they're like, no, we're full up. so he shoots one of them. he's like, now you got an open spot. that works. he figures he needs the story behind her tattoos. and she's like, I'll tell you if you rescue Hector from prison. so he gets himself arrested for something and locked up in the cell with Hector. he's like, hey man, I've been coming here for years. I never really talked to you. what's your deal? he's like, life is a lie. nothing matters. and it's like, yeah, you're more right than you know. so he busts him out of there. outside, Lawrence is gonna be executed again, but a and he's saved by the man in black. so he gets Hector back to camp and arms this is like, fine, these tattoos are all the men that killed my family. and the head of the snake is Wyatt, who Dolores is tagging along with William on his bounty Quest. the NPC guide is like, all right, guys, we got to sneak in there real stealthy. Logan's like, I got a better idea. bust in there, guns blazing. hell, yeah. now this is a bachelor party. the guy that captured is like, ain't my boss? l Lazo will pay a lot more than the bounty on my head. the sheriff's like, shut up. but Logan shoots him. he's like, yeah, we're taking the bad option on this one. I've heard about the ELA so quest it's supposed to be the coolest in the game. I had no idea this guy was the key. now it's time you meet Maeve, the head girl at the town brothel. much earlier, she was like, what's up, Delores? until horses like these violent delights have violent ends, that meaningless code phrase again. but that makes her start having dreams about a past life where she had a daughter, and one day where the man in black came to kill her. so she's counting backwards from 3:00 to wake herself up, and it works, except she's on an operating table. she was brought in for some maintenance, but freaks out, runs off and sees what must seem like literally hell, before they will to subdue her again. and after this, she continues to have visions of when she's dead and the cleanup crew that comes. she feels compelled to draw these strange creatures. and she's like, this is weird. I'm gonna hide it under my floorboards where there's a whole stack of them. what's going on? one day, when some natives come to town, a little girl drops a toy that looks exactly like her creature. next time Hector comes to town, she grabs him. she's like, let's talk. you're half native, right? what's up with those things? he's like, they are these Shepherds between our world and the afterlife. she's like, okay, now for my second request. I remember being shot right here. can you see if there's a bullet in me? he's a girl here, my kind of crazy poom, stabs her and pulls out a bullet. they're like, ah, life is a lie. nothing matters. and they go out in a blaze of glory. the man in black is hunting for Wyatt, and he finds Teddy strapped to a tree, still alive, but he's lost a lot of blood. fortunately, Lawrence is a universal donor, so they get Teddy feeling better. he's like, yo, Teddy, take me to Wyatt. they need to cross the border to Mexico, but Teddy gets recognized. see, his dark past is that at the Wyatt Massacre. he followed orders and helped Wyatt Massacre the troops. but he's on a mission now, so he shoots up all these other troops, and they're on their way. also in Mexico are william and crew. logan reveals this isn't just a bachelor party. their company is actually thinking of buying Westworld. but then they meet allah. so who is lawrence? looks like the men in black killed him just in time for him to resent the beginning of his story. their first quest is to hijack some wagon explosive liquid, which a lhasa was selling to a group of old Confederate soldiers. that Confederate owes their like, yeah, we're gonna use this to blow up a bunch mitt skins. Lawrence is like, you realize I'm Mexican, right? but they're all friends for now. they have a giant orgy party, which I can't show any of cuz it is so much nudity. Logan gets drunk and tells William he's a huge loser who's not good enough for his sister. so these two have a little fight floors. meanwhile, it's been having strange visions and is losing their grip on reality. but she does see Alonso putting the explosives in a dead body and replacing the real explosives with tequila. she's like, William, L Lazo was betraying the Confederate owes. we gotta bail before we're caught in the middle. Williams like, yeah, actually, I just got bored. this quest is kind of lame. and she's like, no, please, William. I love you. and they make out. so when the Confederate O's are playing a dangerous game of hot potato, they drop it and nothing explodes. they realized they were portrayed. and Blaine Logan. these do find Logan getting beat up. but William knows he's in no real danger and thinks Logan could use a beating, so they decide to bail on him, but they get cornered too, until Dolores goes into beast mode and shoots him all up. who knew she had that in her? they hop a train and find Alonzo, and she's like, he'll blow us all up if we can't join you. he's like, alright, fine, that's fine. Dolores and William talk. she's like, I really think I love you he's like, uh, no, robot sex and I'm engaged. I screw it. what happens in West world stays in West world. but the train gets stopped. the Confederate OHS got out ahead of them, so they send out a surrender, but it's the dead body filled with explosives. boom, boom. exploded. and Dolores finds a big ol canyon, which she's been painting from memory. how is that possible? she's got to find out where it goes. now, Maeve has found herself with a bit of a death wish, now that she knows deaths not real, she can just wake up. she's befriended this text. Sylvester, the other tech, is like, we should probably report this. but she manages to threaten him and disdain quiet. she has them pull up her stats chart, and she's like, here, max everything, please. so they do it, and she's like, I know, kung fu. meanwhile, else, he's been following up on rock smash guy. looks like he's got a secret transmitter in him. someone's been stealing Westworld secrets. looks like we got ourselves a corporate espionage subplot. so Bernard looks into it. he finds some unregistered hosts in a house that's not marked on the map. inside you find some hosts, and this guy looks like the one from the photo. it's his business partner, Arnold dr. Ford shows up. he's like, I know it's bad, they're not registered, but they're just people from my past. it's a personal project else he follows a different lead and discovers the one stealing the data is none other than Teresa, the Quality Control director whom Bernard had been sleeping with until she called it off recently. but unfortunately for Elsie, perhaps her own oh, by the way, Westworld has an awesome pool. and since his story got canceled, this guy's been drinking away his sorrows there. one day he sees this super hottie and he's like, hey, two drinks for us and they're like, dude, you are cut off. so he steals a bottle and then goes and pisses all over the control room. it turns out the hottie was Charlotte Hale from the Board of Directors. she has a meeting with Teresa, aware she's got Hector tied to the bed. it's like, oh, don't mind him. I was just having some fun. but turns out Teresa was stealing the data for the board. see, dr. Ford had it in his contract from way back that all the IP stays at Westworld under his control. the board wants to use it for more than just a western theme park. so they're trying to get it out. she wants to force Ford's retirement. so they staged this thing where they have a host go crazy and they blame it on Bernard. they fire him. Bernard is like, he'll that was some BS. but if I'm out, you should at least know about Ford's secret house where he has a secret hosts. so Bernard brings her there. she's like, what's behind this door? he's like, what door? this one right here. turns out it's a secret lab where Ford is continuing to build secret house. she's like, Bernard, what's this? he's like, hmm. doesn't look like anything to me. Oh, what? Bernard is a host? Oh. Porte comes down. he's like, yeah, sorry, bro, you're a robot. he's like, I can't be what about my backstory with my son or it's like, okay, stop emotions, please. oh yeah, I'm a robot. Teresa is like, dude, this is not okay, you are getting fired. and he's like, hmm, I don't think so. and he has Bernard kill her. nah. Bernard is super pissed, but fort has complete control over makes him calm down. he's like, wait, have you made me kill anyone before? it's like, no, definitely not. it's like, well, that's weird, cuz I have this weird memory of strangling Elsie. oh, let me just delete that. there we go. so they find Theresa's body. they say she slipped and fell while doing some corporate espionage. so Charlotte's like, hey, the board needs a new inside manly Sizemore's like, I'm your guy. they go down to the body freezer and the new plan is to upload all the data into one of the retired hosts and sneak him out of there like a walking hard drive. meanwhile, May Eve has max stats. she's now smart enough to reprogram herself and remove the restrictions on hurting humans. I shouldn't kill him though, just patch him up. and next time Hector comes to town, she tests out giving commands to other hosts. and with the sheriff gone, Hector, for the first time ever, is able to actually steal to say she's brought in for strange behavior. and Bernard, back at work, is checking her stats, like, what the f happened here? she grabs him because she can't be shut down anymore. she's like, hey, do you know that you're a robot too? he's like, what? that's crazy. I'm not see saw motor functions. Oh, I guess robot. she's like, yep. sorry, hon, you're one of us. and for the second day in a row, he has to process that his entire life is a lie. Hector and his gang are celebrating in the woods, but made tracks him down and saves him from the storylines end where all of the gang shoots each other for the treasure. she's like, our world isn't real. come with me to hell and let's Rob the gods blind. he's like, a girl, you're my kind of crazy. when she lights the tent on fire, so they burned to death, he has second thoughts, but decides to go along with it. the man in black tracking down Wyatt, they find this girl who is prisoner. oh, hey, aren't you the host from the entrance? I guess you were reassigned for this story. then they fight a Minotaur, which ties into the whole maze symbolism. when the man in black lassos him, that triggers Teddy's remember him dragging off Dolores. so Teddy punches him out and ties him up. man the black explains that, hey, in the real world, I'm a pretty nice guy. I'm only a psychopath in West world, where it's not real. and one day he was pushing the limits of how evil he could be. he found Maebh in her old storyline with her daughter, and killed her and pulled blood in front of her. but surprise Mei fought back and actually almost killed him. seems like the trauma fractured her core coding and let her break through all limitations. and for a moment, she was truly sentient. Lord managed to shut that down real quick. but in any case, it was that day the men in black found the maze. Teddy's like, I have no idea what you're talking about. I'm just gonna shoot you for hurting Dolores. but it's like, now you can't. and he's like, oh, I guess I can. this girl, those stabs Teddy. turns out she was bait for why? it's game. she's like, Teddy, do you remember when you shot up the regiment? it wasn't soldiers, it was innocent townspeople. I was there. you shot me. he's like, what now? I don't remember. so she stabs him. she's like, a maybe next life. man had blacks like this. quest is going off the rails quick. they leave him with a noose tied to his horse. they can't kill him directly, but this is a clever way to get around that. he manages to survive. and who should show up but Charlotte Hale. she's like, huh? you have some strange hobbies. turns out he is on the board also. she wants to talk about forcing Ford out, but he's like, look, this is my vacation. no talking business. William in Dolores, followed the canyon to this little town where Dolores remembers all the hosts getting dance lessons. but then she remembers everyone dead and trying to shoot herself, which William stops her from doing. he's like, what? what are you doing? this whole town is buried. what's going on? Dolores is like, I have no idea what's going on. and most viewers are right there with her. they get captured though, by Logan, who has managed to join the Confederate. oohs Williams like, look, man, I'm in love with Dolores. she's a real person. Logan's like, what did you get that? you're engaged to my sister. also, Dolores not a real person. she's all of robot stuff inside. he's gonna kill her. but she manages to escape. and Williams like, Wow, you're right. I got lost in West world, man. I'm sorry. let's get this bachelor party back on track. but in the morning, all the Confederates are brutally slaughtered. and Williams like, they're just robots, right? it doesn't matter. he's like, look, man, robot or not, I love Dolores and we're gonna find her. Dolores ran off to an old church, which she remembers from back in the day. she used to go down to the secret room. right now it's all abandoned. but she remembers a young doctor Ford having a big argument with Arnold. currently, an old doctor Ford is having an argument with Bernard about him being a robot. it's like, we're doing this again. it's like, look, man, unlock all my memories. it's like, all right, if you want. and the big revelation is that he was in the picture. he couldn't see it before because he is modeled after Arnold dr. Freud's like, well, enjoy that, by the way, I still a complete control over you. shoot yourself in the head. we'll start fresh in the morning. so the church basement is where Dolores used to meet with the real Arnold. he would have her read books and stuff to try to become truly conscious. in the present though, it's abandoned. so she goes back up, and who should find her but the man in black. she takes him out back where she finds buried the maze. when she first found it years ago, Arnold explained that consciousness wasn't like a pyramid. it was like a maze of self-discovery. she's like, I don't I don't really get it. he's like, don't worry, no one does. but what this means is that you're truly alive. man and blacks like, what does this mean? and he smacks her around. she's like, my William will come save me and he's like, you're William. William is out looking for Dolores, and he's shooting down everyone in his path. he wanders for a long time and eventually ties Logan naked to a horse. it's like, you know, I don't like you. I'm gonna take over the company. so he sends him off where he theoretically survives, but, like, gets disinherited, I don't know. finally, Willy makes it back to town and finds Dolores. they're dropping cans, just like always, but when some other scrub picks it up and she acts like everything's normal, he realizes, oh, she's not alive. she's just a robot. and that's when he became the man in black. that's right. the whole season followed two separate time frames, her original journey with William and then her retracing those steps again in the present. she's like, wow, man, you got old also you raped me. so she beats him up, get some vengeance. she's gonna shoot him. and he's like, go on, do it. I want you to be alive for real. but she can't, so he stabs her, just then Teddy rides in and saves her. when he wakes up, dr. Ford is there in at Sedo. Williams like, so I solved the maze, I guess what did it all mean for it's like, honestly, I have no idea. that mace was Arnold's thing. come on, come to the party. so Teddy and Dolores rides off, and she dies in his arms in the moonlight. and boom. and scene. this was all the presentation of Ford's new storyline for the board and the investors. but down in the labs, maybe is having the bomb in her spine that would explode if she ever left the premises removed. so when she wakes up, it's like, time to party. a powered down Hector is getting molested by a creepy tech but she turns him on and gives him the power to kill humans, arms dis is their - and it's like, come on, guys, let's bust out of here. first, they find a temporarily dead Bernard, and Sylvester's like, oh my god. am i a robot too? it's like, no, man, no, no, you're not. she brings Bernard back online and has him check her programming that even she can't access. he's like, um, I have bad news for you. you're a whole escape plan. it's not your idea. someone programmed it into you. he's like, no way. I've got free will. I do what I want. they continue escaping. they go through samurai world, which is fun. they shut down the power, but when security comes, Hector and Armistice have automatic weapons, which they like a lot more than six shooters. armistice gets her arm caught in the door, and it's like, sorry, girl, we got to leave you. and after credits scene, though, we do see that she survived. they make it to the elevator, but Hector stopped short. she's like, sorry, boo. I'm the only one going on this trip. you're super sexy though. I'll miss you. and he's like, God betraying me at the very end. girl, you're my kind of crazy no. Sylvester tracked down the hosts that used to be Maeve's daughter and maids like, you know, that's not my real daughter. it's just part of a storyline. I'm leaving her. then she's like, now actually, I'm going back for her. hooray. elsewhere, a Ford is talking to Bernard, and Dolores decides it's time for the full backstory. see, when Arnold decided that the hosts were truly alive, he was like, we can't open a theme park where you get sexed and killed. that's way uncool. so he figured he would have Dolores mattis occur all the other hosts, and that incident would be enough to keep the park from opening. and so the story of Wyatt was based on the story of Dolores. and Teddy was there to helping her. they murdered everyone else, but those were just robots for it is gonna open the park anyway. so Arnold decided a human had to die. she programmed Dolores so she could hurt humans and had her kill him. no, of course, Ford swept it under the rug and opened the park anyway. but then Ford's like, look, maybe I made a mistake back then. what I'm gonna do is leave this gun right here and not tell you what to do or program you at all. Bernard's like, okay, so wait a second. I'm confused. what is your motivation here? and for it's like, I don't know. it's up for debate. so down in the basement, Dolores has of self-discovery where she realizes, I think therefore I am. boom, consciousness. I guess upstairs, the big shareholders party is going down. for it's like, I hope you like that last storyline, cuz my new ones gonna be even crazier. and Dolores comes up, boom, shoots him in the head. earlier, Charlotte sent Lee to get the host with the data and smuggle him out. but he gets there, the freezers empty. where are the hosts? they're coming out of the woods, and they have real guns, men in blacks like Holly, this is what I'm talking about. and Dolores is cold-bloodedly murdering the board of directors. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. [Music], 