welcome back to movie on today i'm going to explain the movie called no escape from 2020. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. and i hope you enjoy it. in this movie, a social media influencer gets trapped into an escape room, and they're all about to die. at the beginning of the movie, we saw a social media influencer named cole turner. he was going to moscow with his friends, because cole always takes new challenges for his followers. and this time he got the challenge to experience the escape room of moscow. cole went to moscow with four of his friends. they were thomas, aaron, sam and dash. dash told them that he has a friend in moscow. his name is alexi, and he's so rich, he will arrange everything for us. after hearing this, cole became more excited. we also found out that cole likes aaron. in the next scene, they landed in moscow, but suddenly two police officers arrested dash for something he had done. cole tried to convince the police, but they didn't understand english. they were talking to them in their local language. but then a man came there and introduced himself to the police. the police got so scared of him as if they'd seen a ghost. his name was alexi and he was dash's friend who was about to show them the escape room. alexi introduced them to his girlfriend. her name was victoria. after that, he took them to a luxurious club. and cole showed this to his followers, everything in live. suddenly, two twin sisters came there. they were alyssa and elena. they told him that we see all your blogs, and we're very big fans of yours. cole became so happy, and he was living with them. but then thomas told him that some people were teasing aaron. cole went there and started a fight with him. but they had guns with them, which means they were the gangsters of this area. but alexis bodyguards pointed the gun towards them and kicked them out of the club. but a gangster named lev threatened them while leaving. and then they forgot this by thinking that it was just a nightmare. alexei took them to a hotel, and all of them enjoyed it so much. cole and aaron became so close to each other. the next day, they were about to go to the escape room. aaron and cole got into the car that alexis sent for them, but they stopped in the middle of the road to see something. the driver didn't want to let them go outside. he told them that mr alexey told me to take you straight to him. cole insisted, and the driver let them go outside for a moment. and he also gave them some russian currency, because cole didn't have any with him. cole and aaron had so much fun, and they went to a restaurant. cole took out the money to pay the bill, but a note fell from the money. the waiter saw the note, and he didn't take any money from cole. he told them that this coffee is from mr alexi, and now you guys should leave, because your driver is waiting outside. aaron became shocked and asked cole that how they know that we're here in the restaurant? cole didn't pay attention to her, and they came to alexi before showing them the escape room. alexi told them about all the necessities. he also told them that you can go live while doing this. cole put his phone in front of the monitor to show this to his followers. after that they put a black mask on their face and took them to the escape room. cole was in a room where he saw a dead body, and there was a one-hour timer in the room as well. cole thought that it was a fake dead body. and he thinks there was a clue inside the dead body. he took the blade from the table and cut the dead body. he found a key inside. cole opened the door of this room with a key and came outside. the door got locked on its own. cole went ahead and he saw sam, he was inside a trap. after that, he found aaron, and she was locked inside an aluminum chamber. he went a little forward and found thomas and dash as well. both of them were locked inside different traps. the rope in thomas's neck was getting tighter gradually, and a coffin was coming towards dash. but dash and thomas were so chill, and they asked cole to solve the puzzle in front of him. cole started to solve the puzzle, but when he would make a wrong turn, then the rope and the coffin would get closer to dash and thomas. but somehow cole was able to solve the puzzle and that's how he got dash and thomas out of their traps. all of them went to sam to get him out of the trap. they found a puzzle in front of sam's locker. they started to solve the puzzle. and the main thing about this puzzle was that sam will get more electric shock as they will get closer to solving the puzzle. it was intense, but somehow they solved the puzzle and took sam out of the trap. sam became mad at them and told them to leave this game. but they convinced him and said that this is just a game. alexi also told them that you guys are doing very well, and this is just a game. after that, they went to aaron. aaron's chamber was getting filled up with water. she had a key in her hand, but they had no idea about what to do with the key, and they had very little time left, since the chamber was quickly getting filled up. they started to solve the puzzle in front of aaron's chamber. they were able to unlock the door, but still the chamber was getting filled up. they tried to open the chamber from above, but failed. aaron was drowning in the water. and all of them were so scared and mad, and they asked alexi to quit the game. but alexi didn't listen to them. he was not answering any of their questions. cole took a gear in his hand and tried to break the chamber, but the chamber didn't break. after that, he broke the chamber from above. and finally, he took aaron out of the chamber. they took the key from aaron and opened the door, but there was no one on the other side of the door. the game was finished, according to the timer, and someone was supposed to be here to take them out of there, but no one was there. they saw blood on the wall and got scared. cole broke the lock with a rod and came outside, and they saw that alexis bodyguards were dead, and his girlfriend was there, but lev had pointed his gun towards her head, which means the gangsters from the club had come here to take revenge on alexi. lev killed victoria in front of them, and he kidnapped all of them. and the driver was none other than alexi's driver. when cole woke up, he saw that he was tied up, and a man was in front of him, and he was sharing everything on live. his name was andre. this means someone had given them so much money to kill cole and his friends while they were on live. since cole and his friends were somewhat famous, andre got so much money to kill them. andre locked cole inside a room, and he saw that sam was in front of him. andre killed her by cutting her throat. after some time, cole tried to unlock his handcuffs, and the handcuffs came off easily. cole found the chimney, and he was slowly going outside through the chimney. but suddenly he heard the voice of dash. he was screaming in front of andre. since andre had cut his hands off, dash was begging for his life, but still, andre killed him. cole saw this, and he was stunned. suddenly, andre saw cole inside the chimney, and he sent his men to get him. cole came outside and found a lock in front of him. it was a digital lock. cole saw that there was something written on the lock, which was also written on the note. cole took out the money that the driver gave him, and he found the note with a password. cole put the password on the lock and came outside. then the driver came in front of him and told him to run away from here with his car. cole asked him that, why didn't you tell me earlier? the driver told him that they had an eye on him all the time. cole hid behind the car. and those two men came there and punched the driver in his face and took him with them. cole didn't run away from here and came back inside. meanwhile, he found his friend thomas, and he was beaten so badly, his glasses were also broken. cole helped him and dragged him, but suddenly a man saw them, and somehow cole saved them from the man. when cole told thomas that sam and dash had been killed, thomas started to panic. and the man heard his voice, and he began to break the door. suddenly, cole noticed an underground door. and they went inside the door. and they were waiting for an elevator. but another man saw them and he fired at them. luckily, none of the bullets hit them, but the man killed himself along with thomas. now cole's best friend, thomas was also dead. cole calmed himself down and took the gun. cole heard a footstep. and cole found out that alexi was the mastermind of this game. alexei's men told him that they had found a note. and with the help of this note, cole ran away from here. alexi killed the man since he had betrayed him. after that, cole went to another room, and he found aaron. in that room, andre was cutting her face while he was on live. cole pointed the gun towards him and told him that, i will give you all the money you want, but please let us go. andre told him that, i will get more money if i kill you, so i'm rejecting your offer. after hearing this, cole fired at her, but missed the shot. cole only had a bullet in the gun, and he missed his last shot. that's why he couldn't shoot him again. but then andre shot aaron in her head, and she died in front of cole. andre's friend came there, but still, cole managed to run away from there. but he saw that alexi was standing in front of him. he asked him, did you like the death of your friends? cole became so mad at him and attacked him. alexi told him to wait. and all of these were fake. but cole didn't listen to him and killed him by hitting him in his head multiple times. after that, we found out that actually all of these were fake. all of his friends were alive, and they were so shocked after seeing the dead body of alexi. and cole's followers were watching this live. actually, cole had completed so many challenges, but this time he wanted to try something new. that's why his friends made a plan with alexi that they will make such an escape room for cole, where he will think that everything is real. and none of them died in the escape room. they were just acting. cole killed the lexi because of this challenge, and his friends were looking at him with disappointment. to watch more explanations of these kinds of movies, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's video in the comments down below. and at last, i will say, stay safe. stay well. thanks. 