welcome back to recap in minutes. in today's video, we will be going through a 2015 horror comedy movie titled scout's guide to the zombie apocalypse. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. the film starts with ron, the janitor, playing a loud music through his headphone as he dances and mops the floor in the hallways of a research facility. he enters where dr pieter morris is working on something. ron asked if he can do a quick mop or come back later. pieter tells him he can do the moping, and he should not touch anything. pieter leaves to get a snack from the vending machine, while ron cleans up. he notices something behind a curtain. there. he finds a man hooked up to a machine with tubes. and his skin is pale and veiny. ron grabs the man's wrist and he twitches, making ron stumble backwards and screw up the machine as he tries to fix it. he then attempts to give the man cpr, until he sees his bleeding gums. he pours some tic tac into his mouth. he tries to resuscitate him with his hands, but they go through the man's stomach. the man jumps up and starts throwing ron all over the room. while pieter is struggling to get a bag of chips out. as he tries to reach the bag, ron emerges from the room all zombified and attacks pieter. the bag then slowly drops to the bottom. three boy scouts and childhood buddies, ben carter and augie are with their scout leader, rogers, for scouts registration day. unfortunately, only one kid is there, and he leaves after watching the corny video. although discouraged, rogers reminds the boys that tonight is a special night for augie since he's getting his condor badge. while driving home, carter tells ben that they need to tell augie that they want to quit being scouts. despite sticking around for the last two years after the death of augie's dad. carter is more interested in hooking up with girls, while ben thinks they should stick around for their buddy. ben then hits a deer on the road, causing a flat tire. carter and ben get to see the dead deer as they change the tire. carter sees his sister, kendall, arriving with her boyfriend, jeff and friend chloe. ben has a crush on kendall, despite her seeing him as a little brother, and carter not knowing. while then talks to kendall, carter chats up the other two and gets an invitation to a secret senior party that night. ben then notices that the deer is not in the same spot where it fell. thinking the party could be life-changing for them, carter tells ben that they can go to augie's badge ceremony and sneak out to the party when he's asleep. ben drives carter home where they run into his grouchy neighbor, mrs fielder, who tells carter to keep his garbage bins away from her driveway. she is known to have numerous cats as pet in the woods, rogers walks and finds pieter's badge. he sees something rustling the bushes. the deer emerges in its zombie state and tries to get rogers. he stabs the deer in the eye with his lucky knife. as he pulls out his knife from the deer's eye and turns around, only to then hit his throat, bitten out by zombie pieter. on the way to the ceremony, ben and carter stop by the liquor store so carter can give a drunken bum 20 dollar to get them beer. this bad fires, since the man makes a ruckus in the store. passing by is denise, a girl that supposedly dropped out from the boys high school and became a stripper. carter tries to get his twenty dollar back from the drunken bomb. ben meets denise when the handle of her purse breaks as she's leaving the store, so he fixes it with a special knot. denise notices that carter is trying to get the money back from the bomb, so she goes in and coolly grabs the money and gets the beers for the boys before heading to work at the strip joint across the street. ben and carter meet audrey in the woods where he's already getting his camping gear ready. ben asks scout leader rogers his whereabouts, as he's never late for camp. but augie presumes it's a test to prove he's ready getting his condor patch. the boys hang out and goof off all afternoon until it gets dark. they light a fire and roast marshmallows. when carter leaves for a bit, augie expresses his joy at getting to hang out with his friends, making ben feel a little guilty about wanting to leave. after augie falls asleep, carter gets ben as he reluctantly follows carter. and they are about to drive away, only for augie to show up on the road. he knows about to party. and while he's heartbroken and disappointed, he tells the guys to go anyway. on their way. ben and carter notice the towns deserted as they can't see anyone and the radio map playing. they stop at the liquor store for a moment. ben sees that the glass door has been shattered. carter sees that the bouncer at the strip joint is missing. he gets ben to go inside with him. carter runs to get money from the atm. while ben sits by the stage. a stripper comes out and does a dance, though she is already a zombie. when carter shows up, the zombie stripper climbs the pole and blood spurts from her open neck wound. the boys run and find the bouncer as a zombie too. he chases ben into the bathroom, while carter hides from a stripper. she pulls him out from behind the bar, but carter kills her by sticking a broken glass bottle in her head, which causes blood to pour from the open wound onto his face. the bouncer tries getting ben in the bathroom when denise, who is really a cocktail waitress, appears with a shotgun and blasts the bouncer's head off. the three run outside, and the boys slowly realize that they are indeed dealing with a zombie breakout. they run to ben's car. as a horde of zombies approach, ben drives like crazy out of there, causing the car's tire to fall off. denise holds off the zombies with a shotgun as the boys quickly replace the tire before they drive away. augie goes to roger's home. he sees nobody there other than a weird collection of dolly parton items. augie then goes to use the toilet. a zombie tries getting him from the toilet window, but fortunately, augie is done and returns to the living room to find zombie rogers. he chases augie through the house all the way to the basement, where augie grabs a can of lighter fluid and a gas lighter to set his scout leader on fire. he then ties rogers up and leaves. ben carter and denise go to the sheriff's department and see a sign that says the town's been evacuated. the zombie horde gets closer, and the three run inside. the cops have been zombified as well. one is trying to shoot them. ben uses a fire extinguisher on the zombie cop, while carter grabs an axe and hits it on the zombie cop's head. meanwhile, the other zombies are about to reach them, forcing them to lock themselves in a cell. augie later shows up after seeing ben's car, and blasts the music from a car outside to distract the zombies. as the zombies leave, the three try to get the key from the wall. ben uses carter's condoms as a chain and manages to grab the keys, until augie shows up and accidentally kicks them into a drain pipe. fortunately, augie picks the lock with his knife. a zombie comes in, but ben impales it through the head. as they head out, while a horde of zombie pursuing them. carter tries to close a gate against the zombies. a female police zombie attempt to get through, but her shirt gets hooked to the gate, exposing her bare chest while carter touches it. the four walk down the road and encounter the drunken bum as a zombie. augie attempts to assert himself using his scout's knowledge, leading him and carter to sing baby one more time with a zombie. after they notice is britney spears shirt. they sing along with a zombie until a bullet then goes through the bum's head, fired by a soldier. he takes the four to the address that carter was given for the party so they can save kendall. however, jeff gave carter the address to a sewage plant. augie tells carter now he knows what it's like to be screwed over. carter then admits that he and ben were already planning to quit being scouts. this makes augie tell carter that ben has a crush on kendall, angering carter. as the boys fight, the soldier turns into a zombie from a bite on his hand before he meet them and attacks denise. the boys help her, and she smashes the zombie's head with the car door. to make things worse, they hear on the radio that the town is to be bombed in less than two hours. carter deduces that kendall probably wrote the location of the party in her diary, so they take the truck to his house. they go into carter's house to find the diary. they look through kendall's room until they hear a noise from downstairs. carter and augie go to check it out. denise then sees a picture of kendall and understands why ben has a crush on her. noting his lack of confidence, she tells ben to kiss her. he tries, but accidentally head butts denise. she then does it for him. zombies break into carter's home, including mrs fielder. she attacks carter and tries to literally eat his butt, until he and augie force her against a window to break it and then chop her head off. more zombies attack. the gang fights them and run toward kendall's room to jump on the trampoline and over the fence. carter, denise and augie go ahead with ben going last as the zombies break into the room. kendall's diary falls out of the underwear drawer. ben grabs it and goes to jump, but there are too many zombies on the trampoline and too many in the room. ben prepares to jump, but nearly slips, until he grabs hold of something, a zombie p...... the knees distract the zombies away from the trampoline, the p..... rips off, and ben falls on the trampoline. the game runs into mrs fielder's home, where they encounter her zombie cats. after escaping them, they head into the garage and steal their car before getting out of there. as they drive away from the neighborhood, they encounter rogers half burnt, and they run him over. the boys learn that the party is at a rec center. denise finds a motorcycle and goes to get help. ben gives his friends a rousing speech on how they're going to kick zombie ass and save their friends. they stop at a hardware store and grab many supplies and make weapons out of it before heading to the party. at the party, chloe and her boyfriend, travis go into a room so travis can make love with chloe. she refuses, but allows him to have an oral with her. a zombie with no lower jaw enters and kills travis. he gives chloe an oral for a bit before turning her into a zombie. kendall is worried about her brother, until jeff admits he gave carter the wrong address. this kendall leaves. jeff tries to hold her back, but she slaps him. he pushes kendall as zombie. chloe enters and attacks jeff. kendall runs away, only to see that more zombies are coming. she runs back to the party, while the zombies attack everyone in the party. when it looks like she's done for, the scouts arrive to lay waste. ben mows the zombies down with a weed whacker. carter has a nail gun, and augie has a gun that shoots heavy balls. carter nails chloe in the head, while ben decapitates jeff. the boys lead the survivors to the stairs. while ben rescues kendall. he stays behind to lock the doors, while his friends run toward a room that seems there is no exit. augie places a bomb that he made on the floor and tries to light it to destroy the zombie along with themselves, since they don't want to turn into zombies. that makes another speech on how he and carter were jerks for trying to ditch augie, and that he really loves being a scout because that's how he became friends with them. the zombies are about to break in, and augie tries to light the bomb, until denise shows up and guides the boys out through a slide. at the last minute, augie lights the bomb and gets out before it goes off and blows up the zombies. the last one is rogers on the outside, but he's blown up by a grenade. the military finally arrives to save the day. the morning comes and denise encourages ben to go after kendall. without a second thought, he walks up to her and kisses her passionately. augie thinks it's sweet, but carter is displeased. thanks for watching. please don't forget to subscribe and turn on the notification bell to get noticed when a new video is uploaded. 