listen. so this is part of the series that I've been doing over here on let me explain, called let us explain. it's super clever, right? yeah. all right. four frames a Nick over here. since you guys know, he's the do you remembered you right here. like, when it comes to nostalgia, this is the man to hit up over here. so considering that is Halloween, I wanted to do one for hocus pocus, and I forgot to bring him along. so it's, like I said, we're gonna be doing this one on hocus pocus. a shout out to all of the patrons over there. like I said, we put the entire commentary track up on patreon. you can go check it out. you can just listen to it there. I'm pretty sure you get, like, download it as well. I don't know if SoundCloud gives you that option. but you can check out the whole thing over there, since we're not allowed to play the movie with you here. but of course, I also got the highlights that you're going to be watching for this little episode right here. so Nick, if you're ready, I'm gonna count it down to play it in three, two, one, what surprises me is that this came out in 93. I was born in ninety, or sketched in 93. so like, this is this movies as old as I am, I wasn't born yet. but this isn't a joint. see, that's so crazy to me, cuz right there. can you look at that? right? I had no idea that was even him. to meet Kenny Ortega spher Strohm with High School Musical, yeah, this music videos. and then, I can't even tell you also did the Cheetah Girls, right? I've never actually seen Cheetah Girls. what? no. you've never been to Barcelona, nah, with Raven and her friends. and I know about Raven, but not the friend. when I saw Jessica Parker in this movie, I didn't think it was Sarah, Jessica Parker, same. everyone always talks about how she has a prosthetic for this. I did not know that cuz she don't look like the classics. he say, her jessica classics. yeah. to put it lightly, yeah. you know, when I see Bojack horseman, I think Teddy before it, I think pretty up. Oh, hands down. but I remember seeing this was probably one of the reasons why I always had it on repeat was mainly because of Sarah Jessica Parker, right. mmm. so, like, as a kid, you're like, yo, that sexy witch from hocus pocus has her own show. yeah, and it's called Sex in the City. pop that bad boy on, and then you're like, oh, that's not her. oh, that's not nothing. I liked her better when she was a witch. sigh, her at all. you got the Katniss fall. don't you hate it when you just fall and you just keep going up? the foot never stop. is Sarah Jessica Parker like just mad attractive in this? yeah, because the rest of them look like that. she's like supposed to be like the innocent, like, but like, dark wizard, dark witch, uh-huh? anything, like, she's the Amanda Seyfried a day later later in a movie, like that seductive song. mm-hmm. but, like, and then everyone else is just like, both attacking you with aggressiveness, so she just comes out, it's like the Duff effect. yeah. damn. he's just [ __ ] murdering her. bra he just straight up Nick slime. time live them. oh, my god. she's like a whole ghost here. I know. see, every time I used to watch this movie growing up, I always mixed it up with. do you remember that? uh, I'm telling you, if you remember, do you remember the as mind it was a kid. that's your thing. sorry. the casts brewed. there was a cast for movie yet with Lizzie McGuire. you know what? on Tom oh, I was considering making a hole. do you remember on that? [ __ ]. because it's insane. every time I used to confuse the two, I thought like, one was the sequel to the other, because, like, Wendy's dealing with her, her witch sisters the same way that Casper is dealing with his, like, ghost brothers. and so, yeah. and I used to mix it up between these because I don't know, I had him like both on VHS, and needs to like swap them out. whenever I see like, a see-through person and like a Halloween type thing, I always just think Casper, right? like babies or things. yeah. look at Sarah Jessica Parker, like, she's unbelievably beautiful here, still, which powers men. Sarah Jessica Parker, the original thought, I can focus, focus. like that is hot topic. like, the right? that is there's like, as a child, you're watching this, right? and you haven't been exposed to that much cleavage yet. okay, you know. and then Kenny Ortega is like, math, screw that. look at this right here. who dresses you naturally. like just presenting kid. Mirotic is like, I'm gonna show you all of it. I've never seen someone so happy about being hanged. you know you're crazy when you're laughing at your own funeral. well, that was hocus-pocus. thank you guys for joining us. all the witches died. this is the Disney Channel original movie. beautiful. that beautiful, happy ending. apparently that cat is like immortal in this movie. isn't? like we're gonna see him in a bit, and he's like, just the same cat. oh, I thought you're gonna say, like, he's still doing gigs to this day. like, his IMDB page is the real cat. the real cat is doing so many shows. we just want to get a grip roll this cat. his IMDB is insane. same cat in all the Harry Potter movies. he's part of a guild, and everything is dude, saw Jason confused once and then to say, that's my outfit. that's my outfit. Halloween was invented by the candy companies. oh, you that guy what a buzzkill. get him that girls in like, college. this is a 25 year old over here. she's like 45 K in student debt. but, yeah, sure. see, this is just like Halloween town, this whole show, right? that's exactly to me. like, anytime I see like a bunch of kids just just walking around, like, in their costumes, all unfold, it's Halloween town always evokes Halloween Town. what do you mean, like the Sanderson sisters? no way. not even on Halloween. especially, not even. oh, I like, you don't believe in God, not even on Sundays. don't believe in Jesus on Christmas. like, vegan atheist. 364 days of the year is fine, better. I mean, not on Christmas. what's wrong with you? the Easter Bunny? on Easter, you just switch religions for every holiday. yeah, okay, I guess. Kenny. see, they don't make movies like this anymore. I know that's such a cliche thing to say from all of our, like, all of us video youtubers and stuff, but it's like, you don't talk about my channel. yeah, yeah. we'd never get like a bike montage with like, happy music anymore. nah, nowadays, someone gets on a bike they're getting killed. it's prisoners. it's, oh, it was so dark, they just sprung up out of the graveyard, right? they literally just spawned bra that do it. on the right is Ryan from high school, musical, straight up, straight up, like his older brother. he that's like basically a fedora or it goes lower. there goes swap clothes. my man on the rights, dressed up like Boy George, I'm pretty sure. like that shirt the guy in the right is wearing is a carpet encourage for Cowardly Dog stop. like the exact same carpet pattern. hey, the things he does for love. this is all V P. it the cats, it, oh, it's not the cat. little sister, the Halloweentown sister. that is straight up the Halloweentown sister. yeah. is it the same actress? no, definitely not. they just cloned them. yeah, exactly. that are you supposed to be? it's 1993. get it? rap, isn't mainstream? rap? people wear sunglasses and sideways. yeah, yeah. they don't wear, you know what the Meagles way, which is the fluorescent pirate suits now. but they don't wear that ice and that Rolex. oh, yeah. they don't see no ice ice baby over here. how do I even know where he lives? it's, it's in the 90s. everyone knows where everyone lives. and they call you by your fertile egg. your full name too. - what? it killed me. there was no other option. it was either I give them the candy or death. I had no chance. it was in front of my house. I had no chance. I know that we just came out of the house, but they took all the candy, even though our bag should be empty. their parents gave them, like pre candy, right? hey, just in case you come back with nothing, I'm just, I'm just gonna slip a little something for you. I got you. I got you. she just, like on someone else's ports. no, just completely strangers house. I did it L if I did this, nah, I'm gonna get kicked out starting with no funding. that's what we should say. did like every middle school that's losing their art programs. hey, hey, Chicago public school. look, it's not because good rauner's taking the money. it's um Hollis insane. yeah. Lake Shore Drive is spooky. got him. that cat is hurting him by being on her soldier. that's the only [ __ ] he's getting tonight. come on. it's just a bunch of hocus pocus handle sets off. why would they come from the outside? yeah, well, I outside. damn. Sara. there's like three all 90s kids they had, they had, Sarah, Jessica Parker, hocus-pocus, the pink Power Ranger. mm-hmm. I'll let y'all pick the third. why do you eat kids like, wow. I don't know. but if I had a pick, I mean, Sarah, more than welcome. whatever you need. this cat, look at these special effects. 90 special effects. I do love the fish-out-of-water stuff that these witches have, where like they don't know modern life. that's kind of funny. yeah, I'm a fan of those. I think there was one about a night. I don't know if you ever remember that movie. there was like this night that comes back in time. nah. there was a Martin Lawrence movie, which I always find hilarious, called Black Knight. he always got a movie called Black Knight. this is before Dark Knight. he's a black dude who time travels back to the past. he's a black knight, but like, no one has ever seen like a black person in this movie, so he's just like this crazy specimen to them. that's, that sounds [ __ ] insane. you have to watch this. I remember this be like one of the funniest movies because he's using his Street Mars spelt like back in the day. it's wild. you got to watch it. she, she has that innocent, like, seductiveness, right? kid-approved, like ariana grande in the bike video. I think this brings out my favorite character in the entire movie, this whole, this whole sequence. yep. what is this guy? he's reminded me of, uh, there's that Disney Channel movie called under wraps with the money. oh, you know who played that zombie? but Doug Jones met Doug John Whiteley. yeah, yeah, well, the totals, boy, yeah. really. uh-huh? that's crazy. this man is what she does not know how to. what about bus works? this will take it all. ride with it. a ride. octave. innocent girl that acts like a kids. Sarah Jessica Parker. and we're like, Sarah Jessica rides. they just killed a cat. do evil people really think they're evil? I am evil. yeah, I don't think they did. just a good part. I am evil. this man, this devil guy, is a straight-a player. in this entire sequence, he takes in these girls because they believe he's like the actual devil. he's a virgin. there's a compilation of this virgin. it's so wrong. he's not even a cop. ah, that's a good one. see, I pull the same thing, but in Reverse, right? whenever a cop pulls me over, I go, oh, sorry, officer. I thought that, I thought it was Halloween. you're just like a cop. it doesn't work well. girls, yeah, hey, Greg, Paul, relax. oh, hey, look at that guy. that if you, if you look at the band ghosts, they're the same people I'm searching up, see, cuz I see that band and all I can think of is My Chemical Romance, Black Parade. oh, okay. I feel that they instantly know how to sing into microphones, mm-hmm, even though they've never so how like, if this came out, if this came out this year, Bradley Cooper would be like a crap. the Lady Gaga would be sweating. no one's gonna watch the stars born now. damn it. oh, god, I'm oh, we gonna like, Almira them right now. let's get this. we're gonna cook them go. is that the fountain from friends? I think actually might be. looks just like it, right? look, look, that's the fountain from friends. it's a fan from friends. you got to go upstairs to my room, or upstairs to my other room. whoo. the upstairs of my stairs, upstairs room. I mean, after you like, kill a group of witches, y'all practically Facebook official, you know? I mean, yeah, like, that's a given. they deserve, like, the earlier smoke, that's all it was. yeah, they really should have like, made sure they killed them. can you forget the recipe? hey, Alexa, what was the recipe for our demonic possession? let's just read some evil spells from this [ __ ] what could go wrong? like, yeah, you know this story during social media era, guys, I found this cursed book. oh, my god. and then you just put the PD apps and see, the minute I opened the [ __ ] book, and they're about to use normal mobs as birdies. that, yes, use the [ __ ] vacuum pulls up with us with Swift or sweeper upper cats. like y'all couldn't smash or anything else. like, y'all had all this time alone, and you open up a curse book instead. where's the sister? oh, wait, I think [Music]. oh, I'm not gonna lie. I pull those covers on complaining. focus, focus. Sara, yeah. okay. just got hit with the comment on behalf on the book. yeah. look at solve in a song, her singing. but dislike, this is really nice. that's exactly what I'm paying attention to. so this chick right here, right yeah, the girl, she's Thora Birch. do you ever seen American Beauty? yes, she was a daughter. oh, my god, that girl. yeah, no way. that's the girl, Thoreau, Thora Birch. and then, like, after that, she really make much fight. safe to say, Thoreau bridge is always involved with people who are doing things to kids. so, so they just took the platform. was that national treasure when they thought they missed the time that was like on the back of the Builder. my savings say, like, savings time. yo. does he take his J's? no, yeah, no, he just like Mike Tim he doesn't save them. i he just leaves them there. today. that just raised him there. that's murder. what kind of protagonist is that? I want to see your turn to dust. I need to see your diabetic. I want to see her cause, you know what, I'm with the witches on this. they can be beneficial to the society, is all I'm saying. what's a little Danny doing? not much. so every kid that please fortnight. oh, she's gonna salt her. we're just gonna do nothing but buns, nothing but fun for the rest of it. yeah, good. head on your shoulders. Billy, Oh, Tory, yeah, see, she suck. he's not a virgin anymore. she's sucking the soul. so how was your first time she died? that was a really cool effect. I'm not gonna lie. I like all the girls, unfazed. yo. we just dealt with witchcraft. that's cool. I got a pop quiz in the morning. max, you're still a virgin. it's just whispers in his ear. listen, yes. DiLaurentis Binks, you're actually way older than me. this is kind of, this is kind of creepy. you know, you late. you're like near 200 years old. but, you know, this is American Beauty. don't kiss her. oh, oh, okay. whoo. I thought you have a lawsuit on your hands. everybody break Community Guidelines. Kenny Ortega, we don't cross that line, is for a virgin to light a candle. damn. party went all the way to brother Timothy shala. made that party to the credits. I'm surprised we never got a sequel Halloweentown. we did get a sequel. we got four of them, Halloweentown trilogy. well, that was hocus-pocus, the 1993 classic. a lot more sexual that I remember it. yeah, a little bit. a lot more dark than I remember. way darker. a lot more deaths than I thought it was. but that was an interesting ride back on hocus-pocus. yeah. I'm curious to know your guys thoughts on it, if you guys have recently seen hocus-pocus. if you, if I may, Nick, remember hocus-pocus this section definitely let us know what other movies you want to see us cover up a little one of the movie Monday watch alongs letter. let us know your thoughts down below in the comment section. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or we'll put a spell on you. 