[Music]. my name is dr chrysler. can you tell me what you saw? the dead kid who's dressed up like a girl? nobody caught him to pieces. i need to fetch mr moore and bring him to the bridge. tell more to bring his drawing kit where her eyes and his genitalia had been removed. uh, chief burns, you have anything to do with apprehending this wolf fellow? oh, are we just passing by to congratulate captain connor here? i'm retired, as you know, but i take great pride in the achievement of my boys. i am miss howard, an employee of the new york police department. you will please accord me the respect that my position demands. and what is it you want from me? i shall need to look at the post-mortem of that spy case to see if there's a connection. if one indeed exists, i cannot allow that. it is neither legal nor ethical. a child is dead, a child exploited by you and your blood. paris's socks. shut down. shut down. you have until six o'clock today. i took out a 10 spot to cover the inconvenience. closing down. but you're only shifting them across the street. i'm detective sergeant marcus isaacs, and this is my brother lucius. detective sergeant lucius isaacson, may i ask how long we have the benefit of the expertise? as long as you like, doctor, i doubt my brother and i will be missed at the police department. the files of both boys were kept hidden. i found them only by chance. there could well be others. are you suggesting you should be allowed to conduct a parallel investigation? yes. the arkansas toothpick, the blade is strong enough to cause the wounds the boy suffered to his torso, but finally waited to delicately remove his eyes. we know the killer's conscious thoughts are fixed on violence. if we get too close, that violence might well spill over onto us. there was a young street urchin killed upon the bridge. does this have something to do with willem? what was his name? the one with a silver smile? why would he willingly go to his death? because he went with someone he trusted. heights. he's attracted to heights. ms, howard, how did you cope with your father's suicide? why? isn't that quite enough? another boy's been murdered. i think it necessary that arrangements be made in the best interest of your son. of course, we won't find him by dissecting our own minds. nor shall we find him by looking for men who still smiles. the [ __ ] in him is looking for the [ __ ] in another. mrs centerelli and her son brought this to me at police headquarters. well, i wasn't killing the boy enough. why must you send a letter as well? we must see what's behind the clips. come on, sarah, we don't have to listen to this. go on. then both of you come back when you're able to look inside yourselves. he's watching us. which one of you is up for a little fun? and to inform you, the police have a suspect. he comes from wealth and privilege. the 400 are too important to this city to suffer the public humiliation of having one of their own arrested for murder. is not our killer. the killer is choosing victims who somehow remind him of his own background and upbringing, his own class. i must believe you don't want the killer foul killer might be following a pattern. he's following the christian calendar. the next holy day is the feast of the ascension. hand me her weapon. you're gonna regret this. with pentecost tomorrow, i believe our killer will be compelled to act. do not betray your own kind. roosevelt, you'll find yourself with no friends. we plan on using a decoy. you don't have the courage to see yourself for who you really are. it's because you're a coward. i'll take you away. stop him. it's all right. i live among decent people. i'm a van burkin. you're a nobody. cyrus, where is he? he got away dirtier than a red engine. it's in the letter he wrote to mrs santorelli. he's witnessed these things, probably as a child scout. i saw something similar when i was ranching in the dakotas. look for any mention of patience with a connection to the west. here's another one. the patients who match your description that have spent time in the west. these four were sent to saint elizabeth's hospital in washington. you're in well over your head. you don't scare me. connor, i think he may have been a soldier. have you told chrysler? you'll have to tell him. oh, come on. go together. no, there's something happening between. i'd very much like if you would join me for dinner. there was a massacre in new paltz. it's possible it was committed by a man named beecher john. do you think now, there are some of us who don't even believe he's human, like he might be a spirit. he's most assuredly human. i came across him sitting astride a dead striker. young man, boy, really. he was stabbing at the body with a knife, over and over. do you think it was an accident? his throat was cut from ear to ear. tell us about your brother. dr chrysler, what happened to your arm? doctor, that is no concern of you. you weren't responsible for her death. who then? if not me? this fractured investigation is over. the man where you're looking for, he might have a job that allows him to get close to you boys, and when you trust, fight. still trying to be a detective or human source. get out of my way. good man. tall fella, facial take three-story house, second floor. we have a duty to go on, but we don't have the knowledge or the no we have a name, we have a suspect. all we have to do is fight today. we may be too late. joseph is still missing. turn me down by all means, but don't pretend i have no feelings for you. my father had two sides, one loving and the other brutal. i don't remember if he was drunk or if i said something that offended him. he must have put my arm behind my back. and small children, fractures can often affect the eyes. were the eyes missing? no, sir, he was there when dr chrysler visited beechum's rooms. what did you discuss? i told him about the eyes. he didn't take the eyes this time. conscious or not, his focus was on something else. he's changing. the ritual is changing. the map on its own tells us nothing. the box with the child's heart, not a child's heart. someone older, someone close to him, his mother. it's not only love that resides in the heart, john, it's pain. [Music], i know what's been done to you. you don't know anything, nor does the child. there's nothing to do with like where do you think you're going? man, why the past four months have proved to be more than a fruitful partnership. i dare say what we now share is friendship. i shot captain connor sir, every way of perfectly normal and healthy brain. what does that prove? that he wasn't insane? it proves we don't know anything. jesse palmerisms, j for the juries of this world will take the secrets to the grave. but there will be others, i have no doubt. and from them we might one day learn what compels a man to do evil and to do good. [Music], you 