[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to scour the barren wastes that occupy idle men's minds with the 2019 tale the lighthouse. let's get on with it. [Music], we opened on two men aboard a schooner zipping toward a beacon on the shore. they've arrived as keepers of the light, contracted to a four week stint, employed in its maintenance and left to the solitude of their own company, which is occasionally poach waited by the Drule moaning of the beacon. upon settling, Winslow, the keeper, finds his bedroll fecund with a sort of greasy, decrepit hair and a curious talisman of the sea. later at dinner, Thomas, the wiki and commander, warns Winslow against leaving a toast unfinished. however, touched with the sickness of ill spirit that accompanies some men to drink, he attempts a substitute, who finds the cistern rotten. they squabble over regulations and duties, wherein Thomas claims the light as his sole domain, while Winslow is deafened in the boiler room, acclimating himself to his responsibilities. Thomas ascends upon the backs of angels and gazes into the a pleasant face of his new god. at dinner, we learned that Thomas's prior keepers succumbed to madness and chanted by the light, and foretold by omens of despair, Winslow, finding a want of superstition, is curtly cuffed and warned from shirking caution by disturbing birds of the sea thought to carry the spirits of wayward sailors. and later, after a pecker appears, Winslow makes a withdrawal, and then wonders aloud of the wiki's attraction to the light to distract from discussing his aptitudes towards swabbing and other jobs, a cycle that continues incessantly. a fortnight through their shift, we learned that whistle has high hopes of earning old wiki's wages to save up and settle somewhere. but Thomas seems to recognize the tell-tale signs of a man with something to hide. as this treachery wears on, Winslow gets more and more Restless about his curiosities. as regards the light, he approaches timidly, but upon reaching the gated platform, finds the door locked and only narrowly avoids an errant insemination. the next morning, he discovers the wells gone black, and upon examination, ascertains its defilement, the result of a lost soul. indignant at the idea that his fate may be wrenched from his grasp, he immediately endeavours to employ his worst insult, throwing caution to the wind and eliciting the rumblings of a severe nor'easter. a storm of this ilk is dangerous for their small treeless so they commenced a batten down before celebrating Winslow's scheduled retrieval the next morning. they then feast upon Dagon his children enjoy a snifter of ramen a warm affection, Thomas encourages him on his journey, confirming he'll be working the lamp in no time. Winslow, in a flight of fancy and eager anticipation, still wonders about having his way with the goddess of the rock, resulting in momentary apprehensions from Thomas, wholly unwilling to divorce himself from the truest wife he's ever had. the next morning, he awakes with his trousers about his knees and nary an empty chamber pot to be found. his attempt to rectify the situation is confounded by an omen from the sea. he goes about his work and happens upon a maiden betwixt the rocks and weeds, whose revealed to be a daughter of Poseidon. Winslow runs off, but finds himself bereft of the courage to reify his experience in Thomas's presence, and silently awaits supporter instead. when it fails to arrive, they prepare to weather the storm, but Thomas discovers the damps gotten to the provisions and the foodstuffs taken to rock. Winslow finds himself untroubled by the news, until Thomas reveals that choppy waters have previously straighted keepers on the godforsaken island for months at a time. and then Thomas immediately takes to retrieving the emergency provisions. they drink to excess and take it to expressing the black thoughts that crowd his soul. exacerbated by his miserable station, Winslow incurs a curse insurmountable in altitude and unsurpassable and Brattain. and he willingly submits under the force of his tongue, as would a lowly cur with no choice but to continue on, they commenced to undertake their respective duties and fill their freetime with various Ledger's of masculinity such as erotic sculpture, ejaculations, drinking, line dancing, tender caresses and fist fighting. too long alone. now with his thoughts and drink, Winslow reveals his true nature. recounting an incident on the logging trail in which he observed a worker, Ephraim Winslow, fall and be swallowed by the logs on the river. he presently identified to be Thomas Howard, assumed the identity of whiz Lowe and moved along. in the shadow of this revelation, he finds himself confronting himself and his new master of light. Winslow is unable to escape the rock and unsure of his reality. now unmoored and desiring to faint nothing, they conspire to intoxicate themselves with the kerosene as the storm wreaks havoc on their quarters. as Winslow begs again to be let into the lantern, Thomas initiates another row. now completely untethered, Winslow ignores signs of the curse previously brought to bear, becomes the new master, leading his dog to its resting place. he becomes distracted from his burden by the lure of the keys, and has only brought back to his dark task at the insistence of Thomas, which ends his days wandering this realm. Winslow then ascends the stairs, finding the light opens willingly to him, and he part takes in its glory, but well beyond his tolerance, resulting in a violent descent to the rocky beach, where he's pecked, clawed and fed upon, only to be lapped up and swallowed by the infinite waters of the dread emperor himself. and that was the lighthouse, a charming tale of lust and madness written from the dark recesses of The Devil's bowels, trod upon and torn asunder by its miserable [ __ ] mother, then devoured and defecated upon the page. Moomin. if you enjoy the video, I'd love for diploma part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 