[Music], movie starts with the death scene of superman. we see that superman's screams triggers the mother boxes in different locations. mother box and amazon's land femi sierra cracks and open ups. queen hilita gets informed about this situation. bruce travels through mountains and meets arthur, because he is afraid of luther's threat, according to which aliens can take over the earth easily after superman's death. this is why bruce is making a team of metahumans. but arthur rejects his offer and goes back in sea. bruce starts searching for the other metahumans. on the other hand, helita goes to femi sierra to check the box. there, she meets steppenwolf and parademons. when amazon retaliate, helita defeats them. she comes out of the cave with box and seals the cave, after which the whole hill starts falling in the sea. she gives the box to her soldiers. [Music] steppenwolf and parademons come out of the cave and goes after the soldiers with the box. [Music], an intense fight starts between them. she tries to run with the box, but steppenwolf throws her away and takes the box. amazon army reaches to fight him, but steppenwolf leaves with fox. after reaching his hideout, steppenwolf repairs the box and asks parademons to find other boxes. one pair a demon goes to star lab. there, he tries to search for the box in silas's lab, but is unable to find it. next day, he tells the police that box got misplaces before parademon reach the lab. when silas goes to his home, he sees his son, victor, protecting the box. he tells him that many employees of their lab got kidnapped last night. but the survivor told that the kidnapper was parademon. in femi, sierra, helita uses an ancient arrow to warn her daughter diana. that arrow hits the historical point of amazon's inhuman world and set it to fire. fire makes it to headline, which catches diana's interest, and she goes there. diane goes to the amazon's cave with the arrow. she uses the arrow to unlock the door. there, she sees the historical pictures which reveal the whole story to her. when arthur goes in the sea, his friend asks him to take the throne. tells him that some invaders attacked the outpost to take the mother box. steppenwolf summons decide the servant of dark seed. we get to know that steppenwolf is a servant of dark seed. but dark side is not happy with steppenwolf services, which is why steppenwolf is collecting the boxes so that they can destroy the earth. moreover, he tells that he is kidnapping all the people with the scent of the box. scene shifts to bruce, who meets diana. she inquires about metahumans, because the threat has arrived and they need the team for it. diana tells bruce the whole story. one thousand years earlier, dark side came to the earth with his parademons and mother boxes. he wanted to make earth like his planet. by using both powers. this will turn the humans in parademons. but he had to face old gods, amazons, atlanteans, humans and green lanterns. all of them united after seeing dark sage with their mother boxes. after an intense fight, dark side got injured and left without the boxes. amazons, atlanteans and humans decided that, as the boxes are evil, so they should hide them. humans buried the box amazon put in caves. atlanteans took it in the sea. but when amazon's box seal opened up, it alerted steppenwolf itself. diana asks bruce to make the meta humans team as early as possible. bruce shows her the list, which includes arthur, barry and victor. author has already refused. so they go to convince barry and victor. bruce goes to barry's secret lab. berry, after finding out that bruce is batman, agrees to join the team. [Music], victor is recalling his past in which he sees that he almost dies in an accident with his mother. but silas did not want to lose him, so they made a cyborg body using the mother box. silas leaves a recording for victor in which he tells him that victor can control anything in this world. he can also take people lives. victor tries and send money to a woman through his powers. victor returns to present. he sees a parademon from window that smells victor and leaves. victor finds out through his network that diana is searching for him. diana tells him the reason of meeting. but victor refuses to be a part of the team. he goes to his mother's grave. while having the box, he buries the box in the grave. when silas reaches home, parademon arrives and kidnaps him. on the other hand, steppenwolf finds out the location of the box in the sea via an atlantean. when he goes there, mira fights him. [Music]. meanwhile, arthur reaches there. arthur and steppenwolf fights, but steppenwolf leaves with box. mary convinces arthur that they need him and know he has to save the earth. steppenwolf fix a second box in his hideout, which covers the hideout with a defensive shield. [Music] steppenwolf tells d-sod that hostages will soon tell the location of third box, and soon they are going to succeed in their aim. bruce shows diana and barry his intel, through which commission james is calling them to gotham city. [Music]. when they reach there, victor also comes and joins the team. after silas kidnapping, james shows them people complains and tells them that they have seen many creatures in the city. they all find out that those are parademons who are searching for them. james tells them the location of parademons. [Music], after which they goes to an abandoned facility. there they see steppenwolf, who is asking the hostages about the location of the third box. when steppenwolf attacks silas, victor comes to fight him. diana helps victor, whereas other fights para demons. victor and barry free the hostages. [Music] alfred sends batman's ride. bruce takes the ride and goes to help diana. they fight steppenwolf. [Music] victor comes inside. he uses batman's right to attack steppenwolf. steppenwolf diverts the attack towards the wall, after which water starts entering in the facility. [Music] arthur arrives on the scene. he saves them by controlling the water, and everyone is safe. when steppenwolf reaches his hideout, one mother box takes him back to the day of search for boxes. there, he sees an anti-life equation. the person having it can control the lives. dark side was searching for this from years. steppenwolf tells him about the equation. here. arthur bruce, diana and barry are thinking to find the last box. when victor comes with the box, they take it to bruce's workshop, where victor tells them that silas processed victor's life by using the box. he tells them that this box is a changing machine, and it can kill or revive anybody on his master's will. after hearing this, they all get an idea that they can make superman come back to life, because he is the only one who can defeat steppenwolf. they all agrees to make clark come back to life. they take clark's body from cemetery and go to the lab, where they switch on an alarm and ask people to leave. they take clark's body in the kryptonian chip. [Music]. they needed high voltage power to activate the box. barry volunteers to power the box from his energy. he comes running from a far place to generate energy. victor warns them about the result. diana and bruce forces him by saying that they need superman. a man named martin manhunter, goes to clark's girlfriend, lois in clark's mother, martha's avatar. he asks lois to come out of the shock of clark's death and start to live life normally. lois then goes to office first time after clark's death. but first she goes to superman's monument. box starts right after getting the energy, even before victor can stop it, which brings superman back to life. lois is shocked after seeing superman alive. superman tries to remember his surroundings. he tries to recognize everybody. meanwhile, victor's automatic defense system starts and attacks clark. clark attacks them all in defense. diana tries to remind him about them. army tries to stop him, but he also attacks them. after that, he sees batman and goes to fight with him. everyone tries to stop him, but he pushes them all and attacks batman. lois comes there. superman recognizes her. lois calm him down and takes him with her. all the superheroes start to think for another strategy. when they realize is that box is missing. we see that silas has taken the box to the lab. steppenwolf goes after him. silas puts the box in a glass room under protection. when victor reaches there, he sees that silas is destroying the box. so he tries to stop him, because it can kill him. but silas continue, and eventually he dies. steppenwolf takes the box and leaves. when others reach there, they see that victor is very upset. victor, after seeing the equipment, realizes that silas was not destroying the box. he gave it heat through laser. now they can locate the box because it has a tracker in it. they locate the box through bruce's lab. victor tells them that if they take him there, he can stop the unity of the boxes. it can kill victor. but he avoids this thing to save the world. [Music], lois takes clark to his house where he recalls his memories. there he meets his mother martha. he tells martha that he got revived for a reason, and now he has to go help them. meanwhile, victor repairs bruce's ride, on which bruce was working from a long time. they all use that to go to the steppenwolf hideout. there, they plan to destroy the tower to end the shield, after which barry will give energy to victor. to stop the boxes from uniting. bruce asks them to step out of the ride, and he himself goes to destroy the tower. after destroying the shield, he signals them to come in. they all start to fight the pair demons. [Music] diana, victor and arthur go to steppenwolf, who has almost joined the boxes. there starts an intense fight, while barry starts generating the energy. [Music] victor goes near the boxes to separate them, but steppenwolf stops him. diana interferes and stop them. victor again tries to reach the boxes, but steppenwolf defeat diana and arthur and again tries to stop svictor. meanwhile, superman arrives there. superman, diana and arthur beat steppenwolf. victor asks barry to give him energy, but parademon stops him. in this time, the portal open ups and a massive explosion occurs. [Music], after healing his wound, barry realizes that if he starts to run faster than lights speed, it can reverse time. barry rewinds the time and gives victor the energy. [Music], by which victor comes out of his dream and disconnects the boxes. arthur, diana and clark pushes steppenwolf in front of dark seed. [Music] dark seed closes the portal after seeing them. dark sea tells de sade that they have to control the equation to destroy the earth. [Music] all the heroes start living their lives after battle. clark gets his family home back with bruce's help. barry gets a job in police department and impresses his father. victor starts to use his powers for good. bruce, diana and alfred uses bruce mansion to make a team. luther runs from the asylum and meets slade wilson, where he tells him batman's real identity. bruce sees in his dream that he is fighting evil superman with slade mara, barry, victor and joker, because batman has killed lois and superman was unable to regain his memories. when bruce wakes up, martian come to meet him, who tells him that their fight with evil is not finished yet, because they are going to come back for anti-life equation. he also appreciates him for making the team. and movie ends here. 