today, i am going to explain a drama, horror, mystery movie called polaroid. be aware the video contains spoilers. sarah and her friend linda are going through a box of her late mother's belongings when they find a polaroid camera. they also find a picture of sarah's mother, which looks like a picture that was taken just before she died. linda receives a like from her crush, which provokes sarah to take a photo in lingerie and the polaroid camera. we see the photo linda took, and it is probably the most unsatisfying lingerie photo ever taken. linda leaves. when sarah starts hearing sounds from the polaroid, she checks it out and sees that a mysterious figure appeared on the photo. the lights go out, and strange noises are coming from different parts of the house. a ping-pong ball falls from the attic. so sarah climbs the ladder to check. the ladder falls, and she hears someone having difficulties breathing behind a tarp. she is ready to give him an inhaler, but he refuses the help and grabs her hand. we hear slashing sounds and she falls from the attic. we switch to a yearbook shooting where they introduce bird. the other students make fun of her for wearing a scarf, and indeed, how pathetic. bird fantasizes about the coolest guy in the school. when she decides to take a photo of him from a distance, connor notices it, so bird has to flee the scene. she is fixing a watch at her workplace when tyler enters the antique shop and gives her the polaroid. she snaps a photo of him to check if it still works. tyler tries to kiss her, but bird refuses, as she is more into redditers. the situation was so uncomfortable that it instantly ended her shift. bird's mom leaves for another shift because they struggle with money. i am sure this is going to be important later on. she grabs the camera and about to enter dog's life when the filmmakers decide they want to keep the audience mentally stable, so casey enters the room. we learn a bunch of information about casey, which i am sure will be important later in the movie. she invites bird to a halloween party and gives her a red riding hood costume. bird's friends pick her up, and we hear what a 44 year old scriptwriter thinks teenagers talk like. tyler is looking at old photos, when a shadow appears behind the canvas. he grabs a hammer and tries to fight it, but finds no one there. as he checks the lenses, he hears the asthmatic breathing, and when he turns around, the creature is under the canvas. to help save money on the budget, the group arrives at the halloween party, but bird isn't in the mood, as she is socially uncomfortable, as a good protagonist should be. a guy in a mask stalks her, so she decides to move upstairs. instead, the guy comes up to her, and turns out it is conor, her crush. they have uncomfortable but flirtish conversation, and we learned that bird's name is coming from her dad, who thought she looked like a cornish game ham when she was born, so he named her bird. connor thinks it is completely normal and continues to charm her. bird grabs her polaroid and snaps a picture of the four of them. another girl takes a selfie with the polaroid when the music stops and the cops enter the house. they take bird away, and sheriff pembroke tells her that tyler was murdered. later that night, she checks the photos she took before and sees a shadow on avery's selfie. she wants to call her as she suspects it might have something to do with tyler's death. but she changes her mind and goes to sleep. avery stays at her house alone after the party and starts cleaning up. luckily, everybody lives in a perfect horror movie set, where doors creak and lights flicker. when she sees the creature, she starts running, but thanks to the interior designer's marvelous work, she hits her head into a lamp. the creature catches up with her and gives her a head massage to ease the pain. casey calls bird and tells her avery fell down the stairs and died. bird goes up to her room, checks the photos again, and she sees that the shadow moved to the other picture. she throws the camera, but she forgets the camera as a dragonborn, and it knocks her to the ground. bird shows the pictures to the others. she explains the migration of the shadow. but they don't believe her. devon tries to burn the photo. as the photo burns closer and closer to meena, she also catches fire. everyone tries to extinguish her, but only bird has enough iq to find out what is going on. as she put the fire out on the photo, she sees it regenerating itself. bird and connor are trying to figure out how the polaroid works, so they go to the antique store and try to steal the box which the polaroid came in. bird enters the building, while connor waits outside. bird gets the container. when she sees the creature coming towards her, she escapes and they leave the scene. connor tells bird to look at the picture closer. she is also in the picture. mina wakes up at the hospital and tells devin how much she loves him. the lights start flickering, so devin thinks this is the best time to leave her alone and ask a nurse about her day. the previously full of life hospital became empty in a minute. and devin thinks the best way to find a nurse is to enter a dark room behind the front desk. a nurse stops him before he can enter. so he goes back to mina, but it is too late. she already took skydiving lessons without him. bird and connor arrive at the hospital in devon, does the least dramatic anger outburst ever. bird tells her story to conor, because we are 50 minutes in the movie and none of the characters feel important. she finds a police evidence tag inside the camera case. she and connor head to the archives to dig up old newspapers. they find out that three teenagers were killed 40 years ago. the serial killer, robert joseph sable, took photos of his victims, and the camera belonged to him. he was shot and killed before he could be taken into custody. the group is brainstorming about how to stop the entity. devin gets angry and accidentally takes a picture of himself. the shadow moves to his picture, and as he tries to photograph bird kaley sticks a pencil in his hand, on the photo to stop him. devin hits an officer and gets locked up. bird and connor tries to explain the story to pembroke, but he refuses to believe them, which is understandable. not like they could prove it by simply making a hole on the picture with a needle. when bird explains the serial killer story to pembroke, he gets angry and tells them to don't even dare to go near robert's old house. devin says sorry to bird before she leaves. kaylee finds information about the killer's wife, so they head to her house. an old woman opens the door. devon is alone in his cell. when the lights go out, the creature tries to break into his cell since he forgot he can be anywhere you want. one minute later, he remembers he is a supernatural creature and stabs devin from behind. the lady invites bird and connor inside and shows them a picture about her daughter. she tells the story how rebecca was an anti-social child who was obsessed with that camera and took it everywhere with herself. kids started bullying her because of it. one day, four kids went too far and took tasteless pictures of her. they passed the pictures around in school, and rebecca couldn't take it any longer and hanged herself. her father couldn't let his anger go and swore to take revenge on the kids. he killed three of them, but one got away. the killer died holding his camera. the lady hands the picture of the boy who got away to bird. conor sees the shadow moving to their picture, meaning devin is already dead. they head to the archive again and find out the kid on the picture with sheriff pembroke. pembroke enters the building and catches them trespassing. bird tries to take a picture of him to let the entity kill him too. since he got away 40 years ago, she is incapable of doing it. so conor takes the polaroid and does it. pembroke explains that the old lady lied to them. the tasteless photos were not taken by him and the other three kids, but by rebecca's father, the serial killer. pembroke and the other kids found out about the photos, and they tried to turn the pictures to the police. the father then killed the three kids to make sure no one will ever find out what happened. he was about to kill pembroke too, but the police got there in time. rebecca hanged herself. only after the killings, the lights go out, and we see the killer picking up pembroke's photo. pembroke shoots him, but it doesn't have an effect on him. the killer tears the photo and pembroke dies. connor tries to shoot the killer in the head, but it is still ineffective. the two girls run away and hide in a shower. the killer fades away as he can't bear the axe. body spray gas chamber we call boys locker room. bird leaves kaylee in the shower to look for connor. they decide to look for the camera, as bird has a plan. they find the camera, but the killer takes conor away. bird takes a photo of herself, and the creature instantly switches priorities. instead of killing conor in three seconds, she then goes to a developing room. the creature grabs her throat, but just in time, she manages to snap a new profile picture for him. she crumples the picture, but her hand was also on it, so she breaks her own fingers as well. the move didn't stop the creature, so she burns the photo instead, and the creature blows up. they forgot that the creature was on bird's selfie last time, and not on the group photo, but doesn't matter. they are happy anyway. kaylee jokingly says she is never going to take another group photo ever, which is hilarious, considering the fact that half of her friend group is dead and they just killed an innocent police officer 30 minutes ago. the creature is gone, and bird throws the camera in the river, ending the killings. [Music], 