[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction, action thriller film, they live. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. many people lose their jobs under the economic depression in the 1980s in america. a homeless nada wanders on the streets with all he has in his large back bag. he comes to a crowded local job center, hoping to find something to do, but gets rejected by the administrator. walking on the streets aimlessly, he encounters a preacher on the street who shouts out loud that humans should awake. they will control us, probably due to the report by someone. two police show up soon and stop the preacher from spreading his baseless theory. nada thinks it is somewhat incident and walks away. he comes to a construction site where he finally gets a job and makes friends with a muscular guy called frank. later, frank takes nada to a shanty community to live. people in the community are very friendly, though the lifestyle is poor and basic. after lunch, frank tells nada that he is married and get two kids, but he hasn't visited home for a long time because he has no money to afford a trip back home. in the evening, the tv signal is jammed by a strange video of an old man claiming poor people are growing more and more laws and human rights are ignored. they want to control the human race and take over or through a special tv signal. nada feels very confused about whom they refers to. in fact, no one has a single clue about that strange video clip they just watched. nada notices some sneaky people go into a nearby church. when he walks past it, he decides to take a look inside. in the church, he discovers many sunglasses. some are nicely layout on a table, some are packed in boxes. also, he finds there is a secret cabinet filled with boxes too. he closes the cabinet and plans to leave, before getting caught by a blind priest who tries to convince him to join a so-called resistance force. nada feels frightened and runs out of the church. the next evening, however, police raid to destroy the whole community with a bulldozer and arrest all the people in the church. after sunrise, nada goes to check the church, which is in a chaos. he finds a box from the secret cabinet that the police didn't search last night. he takes the box to an empty pathway and opens it, who is surprised? the box is full of glasses. other than valuable stuff, he keeps one pair to himself and hides the box with the rest of the sunglasses in a trash can. nada puts on the sunglasses while walking on the street. then suddenly everything, the billboards, products in the shops, books, newspapers and even people's clothes, all turn into black and white. another odd thing he discovers is, instead of their original information, all the ads and books are written with commanding, subliminal messages such as, obey, no independent thought. buy, conform, consume, sleep, etc. what's more, nada finds one sophisticated gentleman in a suit becomes a walking skull-faced guy. when he sees him through the sunglasses. the more he looks, the more people with the scary skull face he finds everywhere. soon he knows why other people can't see what he sees. it's because the aliens can only be revealed with a special sunglasses. most aliens are rich and upper class people, nada is too astonished to keep silent, but mocks an alien who is in disguise of an old woman. his impolite behavior draws the police's attention. he knocks down the two police officers, who turn out to be aliens in the backstreet. he then takes a gun from them before fleeing away with the gun he gained. nada starts to shoot aliens he sees in a bank. he slowly figures out that rich and powerful people are manipulated by aliens through special radar signal, so that the aliens can take over earth, with its enormous resources, and enjoy their luxurious life here. later, he shoots down a surveillance drone after he realizes the drone is filming it. now, after all the shooting and killing of aliens, nada becomes the most wanted criminal. he has to hide away from not only the aliens, but also the police. in a car park. nada takes a blonde girl for hostage and forces her to hide him in her house. in the girl's place, he tells her about the aliens and tries to get her to try the glasses on. with worrying looks on her face, the girl doesn't believe what nada said and won't try the glasses on. later, she tells nada that she works in a television station, which delights him much, because he thinks maybe she can help him stop the alien signal transmission in the television station. as nada walks in front of her to explain his plan, the girl pushes him out of the window, down a hill and then calls the police. luckily, nada survives the fall, but badly injured. and the sunglasses are broken. he limps to the construction site to find his old friend, frank, but frank doesn't want to talk to him, as he is a criminal wanted by the police. nada returns to the alleyway and retrieves the box of sunglasses from a garbage truck. frank follows nada to the alleyway to give his paycheck. nada and frank start an argument, which leads to a violent fight, because nada insists frank try the glasses on, even though frank doesn't want to. in the end, they are both covered in blood, and nada puts the glasses on frank by force. after seeing the aliens and a flying saucer with his own eyes frank believes not a story and decides to join him in the fight against the aliens. the two find a new secret base of the anti-alien group. they are given some newly upgraded contact lenses, which works like sunglasses, but won't cause our problem or headache. they learn that the group plan to turn off the alien signal transmitter after its location is found, so that aliens can't manipulate humans anymore. plus, the people who are already controlled by aliens can be awakened soon. nada notices the blonde girl is there too. just before he started to ask her why, she pushes him out of a window. a team of armed force raids the hideout and kills most people, but nada and frank managed to escape with few others. nada and frank are cornered by the armed force in an alley, but the two accidentally activate an alien wristwatch that's given by an anti-alien member earlier. a portal is suddenly open, and through it, they escape to an underground passageway that leads to a big hall where many aliens are gathered to celebrate something with the rich people from earth. the rich people here have become aliens collaborators. a drunk rich man thinks the two are newly arrived aliens, so he gives them a tour around the facility. the two see a transmitter that links the alien's mother planet to earth, and the source of the alien signal in a room where a program called cable 54 is broadcasting right now. the two decide to destroy that place so as to knock off the aliens control once for all. but they are exposed very soon by the loud noises they make, and chased by alien armed force. they fight their way to the roof, trying to find where the signal transmitter is located. the two bump into the blonde girl again. nada asked the girl to follow him, but the girl is a member of the aliens collaborators, and she kills frank on the stairs. before they get to the roof. she chases nada to the roof and points her gun at nada, who stands by the signal transmitter. nada doesn't show her mercy, but guns her down straight away. then he blows up the signal transmitter before he gets shot by a coming alien helicopter pilot, without the signal to affect people's minds, all aliens mingling in with the human crowd are revealed with their true looks. and their evil plan of taking over earth is doomed. finally, though not as dead. more and more people will join the fight against the aliens from now on. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 