the episode starts with the walkers approaching the meridian. pope is a sharp guy. pretty soon he notices that something is not right, all right? so he dispatches wells to divert the walkers away from him. wells begins to guide the walkers away, for so he believed. however, he was surrounded by walkers, led by negan and maggie, who stabbed and murdered him. pope was skeptical that maggie had something to do with all of this. when wells didn't come back, he confirmed it. so when leia was about to pursue wells, he told her that it would be a waste of time because maggie had already caught up with him. what was he bait? he was a soldier. the people in alexandria are in the midst of a crisis. the storm has blown the walls apart. the doors aren't holding, and walkers are trying to get inside from the other side. i'll go with you. rosita is determined to keep everyone safe. she walked outside to fight the walkers and buy some time. somehow she has turned the dead against the liver. hope is confident that the walkers can't get to the walls. daryl kills one of the reapers and helps gabriel and maggie to get inside the meridian. their goal was to sneak in and get some food for their people before they starve to death back in alexandria. the door wasn't holding anymore. so all of them goes upstairs and hides pope, asks leia to prepare their ultimate weapon, ready to watch. daryl tells leia the truth. it was absolutely a gamble for him. i'll start without any good people. maggie was able to get her hands on a car and use it to smash the wall, allowing the walkers to get inside. pope gives the order to fire the watcha with his people still in the courtyard. as daryl pulls out his knives, leia stabs pope in the net. leia cares about her people, so she's not on daryl's side either. she lied to the others that daryl killed pope and he is with the enemy. dixon murdered him, though. she allows him to escape before anyone gets there. gracie and judith are separated from the others and are stuck in the basement at the end of this episode for blood maggie, negan and daryl fight the reapers. leia orders her people to retreat and fires the watcher. you 