welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about return to the blue lagoon. [Music]. in 1897, mrs sarah hargrave, a widow and two young children, are cast off from the ship they are traveling on because the ship's crew are infected with cholera. after days afloat, carney, a sailor who has been sent with them, tries to kill the boy because of his excessive crying. sarah angrily beats carney to death with a harpoon and dumps his body overboard. the trio arrives at and is stranded on a beautiful tropical island in the south pacific. sarah tries to raise them to be civilized, but soon gives up. as the orphan boy, richard, was born and raised by young lovers on this same island, and he influences the widow's daughter, lily. they grow up, and sarah educates them from the bible as well as from her own knowledge, including the facts of life. she cautiously demands the children never to go to the forbidden side of the island. ten years later, when richard and lily are about 12 and 10 years old, respectively, sarah dies from pneumonia, leaving them to fend for themselves. sarah is buried on a scenic promontory overlooking the tidal reef area. together, the children survive solely on their resourcefulness and the bounty of their remote paradise. six years later, both richard and lily grow into strong and beautiful teenagers. they live in a house on the beach and spend their days together fishing, swimming and exploring the island. both their bodies mature and develop, and they are physically attracted to each other. richard lets lily win the child's game easter egg hunt, and dives to find lily an adult's pearl as her reward his penchant for racing a lagoon shark sparks a domestic coral. lily thinks he is foolhardy, but the liveliness makes richard feel verl lily awakens in the morning with her first menstrual period, just as sarah described the threshold of womanhood. richard awakens in the morning with an erection and suffers a nasty mood swing, which he cannot explain. they then get into an argument regarding privacy and their late mother's rules. one night, richard goes off to the forbidden side of the island and discovers that a group of natives from another island use the shrine of an impressive like idol to sacrifice conquered enemies every full moon. richard camouflages himself with mud and hides in the muck. meanwhile, lily worries about his disappearance. richard escapes unscathed, though he is seen by a lone native. ultimately, after making up for their fight, richard and lily discover natural love and passion, which deepens their emotional bond. they fall in love and exchange formal wedding vows and rings in the middle of the jungle. they consummate their newfound feelings for each other for the next several months. soon after, a ship arrives at the island carrying unruly sailors, a proud captain and his beautiful, but spoiled daughter, sylvia hillyard. the party is welcomed by the young couple, and they asked to be taken back to civilization after many years in isolation. sylvia tries to steal richard from lily and seduce him. but as tempted as he is by her, strange ways. he realizes that lily is his heart and soul, upsetting sylvia, richard angrily leaves sylvia behind in the middle of the fish pond in plain view of the landing party. meanwhile, quinlan, a sailor, vocals lily in her bath and drags her back to the house. he tries to rape her and steal her pearl before richard comes to her rescue. quinlan opens fire on richard, who flees. richard lures quinlan to his death in the jaws of the shark in the tidal reef area. upon returning, he apologizes to lily for hurting her, and she reveals that she is pregnant. she tells him that if he wants to leave, then she will not stop him, but that she wants to raise their child away from civilization and from guns. they decide to stay and raise their child on the island, as they feel their blissful life would not compare to civilization. the ship departs and the two young lovers stay on the island and have their baby, a girl. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these [Music] videos. [Music] you 