today, i'm going to explain a supernatural horror film called it follows. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. in a peaceful neighborhood, annie storms out of her home as if running for her life. the sound of the door opening causes her to stop in the middle of the road. she slowly backs away, while her eyes trail at something. annie lies to her neighbor and her father, saying that she's okay. finally, she circles back to her home, with her father following inside. but she frantically exits again, now with her car keys in hand, and drives away. even as she's driving, she keeps looking over her shoulder, panic in her eyes and ignoring her ringing phone. that evening, annie parks her car by the beach, shaking and crying. she finally answers her phone with her eyes focused on the space around her car. she apologizes to her father and tells him that she loves him. annie is tired of running and waits for what lies ahead. annie is found at the beach in the morning, dead, with her leg morbidly bent and broken. in another part of the suburbs, jay relaxes in the pool her sister kelly, invites her to watch a movie with her friends, but jay refuses. she has a date later that day. after kelly leaves, jay smiles and calls out the boys next door who are watching her swim. inside their home, kelly is watching a movie with her friends, paul and yara, while their mom is at the dining table. jay heads up to her room, quietly preparing for her date at the movie theater. jay teaches hugh, her date, a game that she and her sister play. hugh chooses a person in the theater he wants to trade places with, and jay has to guess who he chose. when it's hugh's turn to guess, he points to a girl in a yellow dress, but jay doesn't see her. dread fills hugh. he immediately urges jay to leave the theater with him. he claims that he didn't feel comfortable being there. they continued the date with dinner, and everything seemed to be going well despite what happened in the theater. the next day, jay walks with her sister. they talk about hugh. jay is giddy about him, but is still concerned about his behavior in the theater, even though she accepted his story that he wasn't feeling well. jay is still suspicious that he was hiding something. before reaching their house, kelly ways to their neighbor greg. during their next date, hugh takes jay out to a secluded area. the two spend a passionate night in his car for the first time. afterwards, jay reminisces about her views on love, until hugh chloroforms her. jay tries to fight him back, but hugh overpowers her and she passes out. jay wakes up tied to a wheelchair in an abandoned building. hugh apologizes and assures her that he won't hurt her, that he only needed time to explain things to her. an entity will start to follow her, and it will kill her if it catches her. it used to follow him, and now he passed it on to her. it can look like anyone, even someone that she knows. the days, jay starts screaming for help, still in disbelief of what he said, until he reels her to the edge of the building to show that it was coming. jay sees a strange woman slowly walking towards the building. hugh instructs her that she has to sleep with someone else to pass it along, and that if it kills her, it will come after him next. confused and afraid, jay cries as hugh takes her back in his car and drives away. kelly and her friends play cards back at their house when they witness you dropping off jay in the middle of the road. the three rush to her aid and calls the cops, who interrogate the distraught jay about what happened. the police tried to track down hugh, but they couldn't find him since he had used a fake name. days later, jay is still struggling to make sense of what happened. while in the bathroom, a ball bounces off the window, startling her. she looks out the window, not seeing the boy from next door peeking at her from the window. at school, jay attends a class. she sees an old woman outside the window, seemingly heading towards her. the old woman looks out of place, but no one else seemed to mind. her hughes. warnings about the entity come back to her, and she hurriedly leaves the class. the entity gets close to her, and she confirms that the students around don't see it. scared, she gets into her car and leaves. jay heads to the ice cream shop where kelly and paul work. she tells them the story hugh told her. none of them could believe it, not even jay, but paul offers to stay at their house for the night, nonetheless to watch over them. yara joins them to sleepover as well. that evening, jay couldn't sleep and joins paul in the living room to watch a movie. paul sees jay's unease and tries to comfort her, while reminiscing about their childhood. they hear the kitchen window breaking. paul goes to investigate, but claims that no one was there. he heads upstairs to wake up kelly, leaving jay alone. she walks into the kitchen nervously and sees a woman there, limping towards her. jay screams and rushes upstairs to her room. kelly and paul beg her to let them in, still convinced that there's no one else in the house, jay, who's starting to believe hugh's story about the creature, collapses in fear and panic, with kelly comforting her a still sleepy yara knocks on the door and kelly opens it. despite jay's warnings, jay is relieved that yara is alone but a tall man appears behind yara. jay screams and climbs out of the balcony to escape. outside, greg spots jay riding away on a bicycle with her friends and sister yelling for her. j style, 