this weekend, my wife left me because i kept saying i'm a transformer. she didn't believe me. but trust me, i can change. and we're already off to a bad start. but transformers warfare cybertron is now out on netflix, and yeah, there's a lot to talk about. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about the new show, it's ending and where things could be going in the future. obviously, there's gonna be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the full series yet, then you better transform this video into a non-spoiler review very, very fast. if you enjoy the video, then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the channel for content like this every day. with all out the way, welcome to the heavy spoiler show. now let's get into our breakdown of transformers warfare cybertron. okay, so siege is the first in the war for cybertron trilogy, which is set to be debuting on netflix over the next couple of years. it's a sort of reimagining of the war between the autobots and decepticons, and will predominantly be retelling the origins story with a couple of updates and additions. the show sets the scenes with the decepticons ruling over cybertron and possessing complete control of the planet. as always, their leader is megatron, and he wishes to crush the autobahn uprising before they can take back power. imagine, just imagine the opening scene of bumblebee, but for an entire series. and you pretty much have the outline of the show. if you're like me, then you'd think that that was the best part of not only that movie, but any transformers movie ever. and it's great to see us getting a full rendition of it here in animated form. now, as with most rebel uprising entertainment, every story needs its macguffin, whether it's the plans for the death star, the power stone or the one ring to rule them all. when the forces of good are facing down against an almost unbeatable empire, they need something to make the job easier for the autobots. it is, of course, the all spark, the infamous, ancient artifact that has the ability to bring machines to life. the old spark was actually responsible for the creation of all life on cybertron. and if you caught with transformers law, then i'm sure you'll be well aware of it. little is known about its origins, but we do know that it kick-started the first dynasty of primes and those that served them. the show's centers around the decepticons in autobots, wrestling for control over it. whilst several subplots take place. there's really four campaigns going on at the same time. and these all sort of connect for the one overarching goal of getting off world with the all spark. on the other side of the coin is the decepticons who wish to take the old spark and, using its abilities, unleash a powerful wave of programming that will reformat all of the autobots. that's pretty much the plot of siege. and though it's getting mixed reviews online, i definitely think that there's a lot to enjoy here. in terms of the story, i don't think it quite lives up to the original work. however, if you're a transformers fan, and, let's face it, who isn't, you'll definitely find it a blast. the show is absolutely gorgeous looking. and considering this is animated, there were a lot of times that i thought everything looked photorealistic. the autobots have to retrieve the old spark, repair the space bridge and also collect enough energon to give power to the ark, which will transport them away. optimus and kogo, after the main item, ratchet the space bridge and bumble bee, the energon bumblebee actually gets a lot to do this season. and in the beginning, he's a sort of scavenger, only interested in surviving day to day. he's not really into the idea of fighting. but as the season goes on, he becomes more and more indebted to the cause, and of course, turns into the more classic version that we've come to know and love. this ideology is reflected through several of the autobots themselves. and many are interested in purely avoiding extinction for as long as they can. but optimus sees that in the long run, they're merely delaying the inevitable, rather than ending it. thus they must fight in order to reach the day they no longer have to fight. there's obviously some dissenters amongst the autobot ranks, and ultra magnus goes to megatron with the hopes of striking up a peace treaty in order to avoid any more oil shed. it's here that he learns of their plans to gain the oil spark, and he sends a warning out to his allies. using a stockpile of highly concentrated energy on they lay a trap for the group and attack. when the autobots try to retrieve it, megatron executes ultra magnus after he leads them on a wild goose chase. and using propaganda, he publicly ends the truce between the autobots and the decepticons. he also orders shockwave to unleash an anti-autobot virus, and this severely depletes the autobot numbers. there are several members of the decepticon forces, such as jetfire, that disagree with how dishonorable this is. and the show tackles complicated themes like patriotism and following certain beliefs. impactor is a key example that shows being patriotic doesn't also mean blindly following the government in orders, especially if you know them to be wrong. i love how some question what it actually means to win, and if you betray your principles and beliefs, does that mean you betray what you were fighting for in the first place, the show doesn't necessarily give a right or wrong answer, and it adds a lot of subtext to the series. now it's revealed later in the series that bumblebee had the alpha trion protocols uploaded to his brain from ultra magnus the instant the character was killed. this massively changes his perspective. and the wealth of knowledge he gains alters how he views the war and life itself. this is mirrored in the guardians who optimus goes to seeking aid. similar to bumblebee, they initially refuse to get involved in the conflict, even though they know it will have severe repercussions to the planet. though it seems like the pleas fall on deaf ears, omega supreme does eventually join the fight, showing that in action is not always the right option. after all, evil triumphs when good men, i mean, machines, fail to act. and i really appreciated that the show was laced with an ocean that though it's easier sometimes to keep out of trouble, it isn't always the right thing to do. with the alpha trion protocols, the autobots gain the location of the all spock, bumble bee fully joins their forces. and this takes us towards the final act of the series. optimus and his group travel into the hazardous rust lands to retrieve the allspark. and shockwave uploads the virus to ultra magnus in order to destroy the alpha trion code, no matter where it may be. to make matters worse, the virus greatly affects the autobot numbers, and the alpha trion code is wiped from bumblebee's head. against all odds, the group succeeds, and they manage to retrieve the old spark energy on and repair the space bridge. optimus rides there with the oil spark, whilst elite one and her forces try to create a distraction for the decepticons. unfortunately, megatron realizes that optimus is heading to the space bridge with your spark, and the two-faced down there. now, it's a brilliant battle, and i absolutely loved seeing the two face off against one another. they don't get much screen time against each other in the series, but you know, these little moments, they're few and far between, and you really got to appreciate them. megatron sees optimus as a traitor for wishing to destroy the planet that they live on. and juxtaposing this, optimus ceases tyranny as something that has instead led to its downfall. it really makes you feel like cybertron is lost. and optimus himself almost loses the fight against the villain. luckily, bumblebee stops megatron from taking the old spark, and in this moment, optimus launches it into the space bridge, sending it to parts unknown. impactor. sacrifices himself, and alita one launches the arc, heading towards the space bridge to provide a vessel for the autobots to escape the planet. just as it seems the decepticons are closing in, a mega supreme arrives and fights on the side of the autobots for the good of cybertron. seeing the gigantic titan take them down is excellent. and i love watching the massive, massive machine decimate the decepticons. it buys the autobots time to flee the ark. but just as they're about to escape, elite one decides to stay behind. you get the feeling that she and optimus were really close, but due to the duty that she feels towards protecting the planet against megatron's forces. she decides to remain in fight, possibly dividing the decepticons attention, which will, of course, give the autobots more of a chance to get away. as they arrive at the space bridge, it seems to explode, potentially killing all of the autobots on board. this leaves illitera one, wondering whether her friends made her out or not. but she vows to continue the fight in honor of them. jet fire arrives to beef up the numbers, and you really get the feeling that even if their allies are potentially gone, they won't stop fighting. but what of the fate of the ark? i try to sound epic there, but it it failed a bit. now i don't think that you need to be alpha tryon to know that the arc actually made it off the planet. and after the series comes to a close, we're treated to a cool little post-credit teaser in which we see the lights of teletran 1 power up. this cements that the autobots did indeed escape cybertron and that they survived the trip through the space bridge. teletran one is, of course, the sentient computer system that runs the autobot arc. and thus it activating showcases everything on board is okay. now there's primarily two theories surrounding this. and the first one is that the autobots made it to earth, and the military or some other agencies are coming to investigate what crash landed on the planet. the second is that they're in space and have encountered other life forms. we can confirm though, that it is indeed the latter, due to what we see just before teletran one powers up. you have to really turn your tv brightness up to see it, and if you're running netflix with 4k dolby vision, then you probably missed it. but just before the computer activates, we can indeed see the arc flowing in the vast emptiness of space. so they are okay, and have indeed come across someone. now who this is is up in the air, but it is likely the quintessons, due to the fact that, well, a new toy line has been launched for the series. the quintessons are actually an ancient race that are known as galaxy-wide traders and businessmen. they possess advanced technology and travel the universe are looking for life forms to deal with. thus it does make sense that an unknown vessel in space coming across the ark, would be interested in getting closer to it. i actually think that the arc may be very low on power, and thus they'll trade with them in order to find a way to repair the ship and continue their journey to the ul spark. now, as for the old spark, though we don't know for definite exactly where it is, the fact that the next part of the trilogy is called earth rise, it does kind of give it away. i think, that next time optimus will take his forces to earth. and this will hammer home megatron's comments on how the autobots were happy to devastate other planets with their war. let's face it, they have to make it to earth at some point in order to tie in more with the transformers legacy that's come before. and with a title like earthrise, it does make a lot of sense. on top of this, another big question that hangs over the show is, what happened to omega supreme? well, personally, i think that the character actually perished in the explosion that we saw at the bridge. i know that's an unpopular opinion, and i've seen a number of theories saying that he may have went with the autobots. but i'm not exactly sure if this is the case. personally, i think that his death will snap the guardians out of their apathy, and they'll realize that this war will eventually reach them if they don't act quickly. this will force them to choose a side, and it will definitely elevate the series in several ways. megatron will, of course, be worried that the guardians may actually join the battle, and thus, i think you will either try and win them over or exterminate them completely. i feel like next time we will see the war continue on cybertron, whilst optimus and his forces try to obtain the old spark on earth. i think megatron will send key decepticons to get them, and we will see as the war plays out across the universe, with the guardians becoming involved too. i also think that though the alpha triumph protocols may be gone from bumblebee's head, that there will be a way to retrieve them, and this will provide the autobots with information on what to do next. some of the autobots also getting left behind on cybertron is a really interesting aspect. and hey, i'm very hyped for what comes next. now, before we get into the rest of the video, i just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of the mcu infinity sugar box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the series in the comments section below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 15th of august, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. okay, so what did i think of the series as a whole? well, whilst this is getting cold, too dark and too short, i actually disagree. i i think when the trilogy is fully available and we have the entire arc, excuse the pun, things will make a lot more sense and there'll be a lot more dynamism to the piece. for our first chapter, i think this is the perfect length, and it brilliantly puts the pieces in place for a lot of potential avenues in the future. sure, it wasn't perfect, but i think when the dust settles on the entire trilogy, this will be a lot better as a port warner, overall, i had fun with war for cybertron. and this is an easy binge that gets a 7.5 out of 10. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the show and what you took from the ending. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then make sure you check out our theories on the umbrella academy, which is going to be linked at the end. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. anyway, thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been definition. i'll see you next time. take care. peace you 