The movie starts by showing Xu Wenwu who is alone fighting the enemy's army with the help of the mystical ten rings and no one knew where these ten rings came from. Those rings had ancient and godly power and whoever wore them became immortal. By using those rings, Xu Wenwu had won many battles and at the same time, he establishes his own organization which he named the Ten Rings, With the help which he conquered kingdoms and toppled governments throughout history, and for this reason this organization became quite famous all over the world. Now after controlling the whole world, in 1996 Wenwu started doing research on a village Ta Lo, a village said to harbor mythical beasts and powers. Now when Wenwu was passing through a magical forest to enter the village, their way was blocked by trees and their cars falls into a ditch, but luckily he get out of the car on time and he enters the forest, where his way is blocked by a guardian named Ying Li who tells him to go back. Due to which there is a fight between them and Yang Li gives a tough competition to the Wenwu. while fighting they both fell in love. Now Wenwu abandons the Ten Rings and when the villagers reject Wenwu, Li chooses to leave with him and they had two children, Shang-Chi and Xialing. Now when Shang-Chi was young, his mother tells him about a Great Protector Dragon who guards their Village Talo, and at the same time, she gives Shang-chi a locket with a green gem on it and a similar pendant to her daughter Xialing, saying that it will protect you. The movie shifts to the present where Shangchi lives in San Francisco America changing his name to Shawn. Now one day when he wakes up in the morning, he finds a postcard on his side table, behind which the Great Protector Dragon is made. Now Shawn works there as a valet with his friend Katy and both of them are friends for the last 10 years. Now in the night when Shawn and Katy are having dinner with Katy's friends, Shawn tells how once Katy saved him from bullies. Katy's friend tells them to be serious in life. She tells that Katy has a degree in Honors and Shawn knows 4 languages \xe2\x80\x8b\xe2\x80\x8band even after being so talented, you guys do the work of valet parking. Now the next day Shawn goes to pick up Katy at her house Now both of them are going for their duty in a bus when a man comes to Shawn and tries to snatch his pendant. and he hits the man with a punch and then a fierce fight begins. Now Shawn is fighting them all by doing Martial Arts when a man makes them live on social media. Then comes the razor fist from behind, whose one hand is a sword. Now the action starts again and Razor fist and Shawn start fighting. The driver of the bus passes out in all this and Katy starts driving the bus. Now since the bus was about to break into 2 pieces, Shawn tells all the passengers to go to the front half Shawn jumps on the first half. Later, when Shawn checks, the razor fist had taken away his pendant. Now Katy asks him what is all this going on, to which Shawn says that I will tell you everything after I come back but at the moment I have to go to Macau to reach my sister before those people reach her. But when Katy insists on him, he tells her that his sister had sent him a letter a few months back and that the men were sent by his dad. Now Katy goes with Shawn even though he doesn't want to. Now here's Shawn tells about his past that When he was 7, his mother was murdered by Wenwu's enemies, the Iron Gang. Wenwu massacres the Iron Gang and resumes leadership of his organization. When Shang-Chi was 14, Wenwu sends him to assassinate the Iron Gang's leader and after completing his mission he ran away from there. and then Shawn reveals that his name is not Shawn but Shang-chi. Now finally both of them reach Macau and Shangchi, looking for his Sister, comes to an underground fight club where we also see a small fight between Wong and Abomination After this, it is Shang chi's turn, and when he goes to the ring, he finds out that his opponent is none other than his sister Xialing. Now Xialing starts attacking him and starts beating him continuously but shangchi tells her that their father Wenwu is behind them. He had sent his men to attack him and they would come to attack her too, Xialing ends the fight by knocking him out with a kick. After the fight when they all were talking Xialing tells Katy that before shangchi left he told her that he will be back in three days but it's been 6 years till then and he never returned and that is why she is so angry with him. She tells him that she doesn't need him now, shangchi asks her that then why did she sent her the postcard to which she tells him that she did not send any card and suddenly they get attacked by ten rings. Now a very intense fight starts here and during this Katy falls down but the Xialing saves her. Now Shangchi's fight is with the Death Dealer and the Death Dealer was the one who trained Shangchi in master arts in his childhood. Shangchi defeats him too and was about to kill him but just then Weneu stops him and captures them all including the pendant and takes them to the ten ring's compound. Now Xialing tells Katy that she was never taken care of after her mother's death. She was not allowed to train with the boys but she learned everything by herself. She ran away when she was 16 when she came to know that her brother would not come back. His dad wouldn't let her into his empire, so she set up his own underground fight club in Macau. Now at dinner, we come to know that Katy's Chinese name is Ruiwen and one of the Americans did not know the Chinese name of Wenwu so he named him Mandarin and not only this he had many names like Warrior King, Master Khan, And the most dangerous Man on earth. But everything changed when he met their mother. After that, he realized a new world. Li had given up everything to be with her, and so did Wanwu, leaving the Ten Rings. And after that, they all started living happy life. But after the death of their mother, he was lost for a long time but now he knows what to do. After both of them ran away, Wenwu desperately wanted to connect with their mother, so he again went to look for Talo village, but he could not find the entrance there, but he came to know what they are hiding. On the other hand, there is a gate somewhere in the mountains where their mother is waiting for them all. He says that it is difficult to believe this thing but once he was sitting there lost in his research, then she talked to him and told him that she needs his help in saving her from those people. Shang chi explains to his dad that there is nothing like this, then his dad put both pendants in the eyes of a dragon statue, from which water comes out and a map is made with a path that opens only once a year that goes straight to that gate. But to go through that gate, they must know the exact time of its opening and now he knows both. Wenwu tells them that's why they have been brought there to help him. Now xialing says that Talo will not let them open the gate on which Wenwu says, then we will burn the village itself. But when Shangchi disagrees with him, he puts everyone in the lockup. Now when they are all in lockup they start hearing a strange scream and when they follow that voice, they find a man named Trevor there and this Trevor is the same man who played fake mandarin in Iron Man 3. Now Trevor has a creature named Morris who recognizes Shangchi as he had grown up in Talo with his mother but Wenwu picked him up one day from the Magic Forest when he went to find Talo's door. Now Morris wants Shangchi to take him back. To which Shangchi says that that the way opens only once a year but Trevor tells him that Morris can take them there now but it can be dangerous. Now they all take razorfist's car and leave from there. when they are passing through the forest, the forest tries to eat them but they come out from there somehow. Now a waterfall comes in front of them, through which they reach Taco Village, which is very beautiful. There they also see many Chinese mythical creatures. Now when they meet the people of talo Village, they tell them to leave and were about to attack them, but then there comes Ying nan, who is the sister of shangchi's mother. She tells the people of the village that they are our people and will stay with us. Now She tells them that her people have been here for 4000 years, protecting them and their world from the evil behind that gate. Shangchi tells her that his dad is coming to open that gate as he feels that his wife is locked behind that gate. She then explains the history of Ta Lo that thousands of years ago, the village was attacked by the soul-consuming Dweller-in-Darkness and its minions, but was saved by a Chinese dragon called the Great Protector who helped seal the Dark Gate to the Dweller's world. According to Nan, the Dweller-in-Darkness has been influencing Wenwu to believe Li is still alive so that he will open the Gate. She tells that her father is not the first who is coming to open that gate, but for centuries many people have failed by trying like this. And one thing that was common in all was that they used to hear a voice and promise their greatest desire. Now the training of all of them starts there. Shangchi asks Ying Nan that only his mother could defeat Dad, so teach me how she used to do it and Ying Nan starts training him. Now finally Wenwu comes to Talo with his army and fight starts. Now Shangchi goes to stop his dad his dad asks him will you stop me alone? Now Shangchi starts getting loaded on his dad but then his dad hits him with a super punch, Shangchi falls into the water. Now Wenwu hears his wife's voice, so he goes to break the gate and starts hitting the gate, which cracks the gate and frees a-creatures from it. Now on the other hand a fight is going on between the Ten Rings and Talo Village when Ying Nan sees the creature. Now xialing tells Razorfist that we have to fight this together but Razorfist says that we don't need anyone and then that dragon attacks him and Razor Fist sees that his weapon is not affecting the creature. Then Ying nan comes and kills it and Razor Fist agrees to fight with them. Now many creatures start coming towards them and they get ready to fight with them. Meanwhile, Shangchi who was drowning in the water hears his mother's voice and then the Great Protector who was in the water, comes out taking Shangchi with him. Now the great war begins here and Ying nan tells Shangchi that he has to stop his father. Now Shangchi goes to stop his father and they start fighting there. Shangchi was fighting his dad very well and he was fighting just like his mother. Wenwu attacks from that ring but Shanchi was now able to control the rings. Now finally that gate opens and the Dweller emerges from it, who first grabs the Wenwu but before dying, he gave his rings to Shangchi. Now Xialing brings The Great Protector, on which Shangchi climbs up and they start moving towards the village. Dweller was about to attack the village when the Great Protector with the help of water stops him and Dweller starts getting weak due to lack of soul. But then Dweller's minions start bringing him, souls. Due to which power comes in it and it comes out of the water. Now it attacks the Great Protector and starts sucking his soul, while xialing is also held by the dragon and she tells Shangchi to leave him but Shangchi says not again. Now the kate shoots an arrow that hits the Dweller's neck and it lets go of the Great Protector. Now the Great Protector again entangles him in the water and Shangchi puts his rings inside the dragon Now Shangchi makes his final attack and breaks the Dweller into pieces. Now the protector leaves them with the villagers when Wong comes over there and starts calling Shangchi name, he asks him if he still has rings? And then takes them both from there and leaves. And the movie ends here. 