so the new Netflix horror film, the ritual, has gained a pretty good cult following to it, which you really love this movie. now, while it wasn't my favorite, there was one big aspect of the movie that I praised throughout my past video, and that was the monster. so for those of you who wanted to know more about the monster its origins, here's your monster explained video for the ritual, twigged Aemon to examine. that's why you don't have to quote it. now, of course, it's one of those movies where the monster is like half metaphorical, but also, obviously we see it as well. so the monster can also be viewed as something within dumb as the director says, something that we followed throughout the character journey, where we're dissecting the issues of masculinity and male friendships as we age, and how hard it is to keep them together. and then we got a pretty cool old norse viking mare thing. yeah, it's following them, but of course, it's the physical monster that sticks with you as a viewer. it was designed by Keith Thompson, who's worked with my uncle Guillermo on several movies in the past, like crimson peak. and they decided to take a bit of Norse and British mythology to create this pagan figure, but at the same time not limiting themselves to strictly doing one thing. personality. this characters in there, for those who know the marble Loki, the real Norse Loki is just a bit different. it's a Norse God that was a little bit like Wilt Chamberlain, and had dozens upon dozens of kids, some that were giant wolves, some that were serpents, some there were eight legged steeds, and others that were just these shape-shifting Yelp dunes that sought to be worshiped God ancient. well, in the book, the guys come across black metalheads and an old lady with hoods who performed the titular ritual. the movie swaps them out for a cult village that worships the shape-shifting deity, who, in the book, actually has a name, which is moto, or probably as you pronounce it, and Norris, who there we worship it. it keeps us here beyond natural life. if we were to look at it as a god of grief, then the main offering that it's offering is this exchange of you worshiping it, so then it could take away any sorrow that you may be feeling. or, you know, like the pink character, you can pretend to bow, then slice it right in the head and escape. director David Bruckner talked about how he wanted it to look different every time that we saw it, so it kind of played with our minds and plays with the dudes who are freaking out smiles. and so this amalgamation of different body parts of animals and half-human helps portray that, and, in my opinion, creates one of the best creatures that we've seen in a long time. [Music]. thus, Bruckner brings up that idea of playing with the nightmare scenes. it's not something I'm always the biggest fan of, but he does do that thing where he leaves it up to the viewers interpretation, for you to wonder, at what point is the main character waking up from a nightmare, or waking up to a nightmare? if the monsters we face and we're lost our external or internal or plot twist, if we ourselves are that monster. thank you guys for checking out this video. I know a lot of people dug this movie. and if you're a big horror fan, I have been saying, I've been pushing a movie called hereditary, which comes out as June, as being the best horror movie that you're gonna see all year. so be stoked for that one. if there's anything else that you want me to explain breakdown, let me know down below in the comment section. I got a couple of other ones that are coming up this upcoming week. but don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and you too can also be one of Loki's bajillion kids. 