Liss and years ago, on the a disease show, we had made a video about Medea, and really just talking about Tyler Perry's work ethic and what I learned from it to create our own little system and all of our channels where, man, I worked my butt off to eventually be able to hire my friends and family and enjoy breaking down movies for a living, no interference, know, having a pitch, none of that, right? in fact, it was actually one of the first times I used the phrase, let me explain that's that no one really took the video seriously, because when it had Madea in the thumbnail to DA disease show, and I know a lot of you guys have asked, that thing was getting autocorrected by YouTube itself, meaning that the entire channels algorithm was like super wonky. that's what led to Ella me being its own separate channel, and that being able to blow up a lot more. but three, being in the film community, I've been in this long enough to know and be fully aware that most don't take Tyler Perry seriously because he's not up there with their favorite directors, and thus lesser than stop giving Tyler Perry money or he won't go away. well, now, Tyler's the one with the studio to help your favorite directors, but I still think they're a lot of stuff. this on today we talk about Tyler Perry. at this point is culinary buffoonery. yeah, we might work again. look, I'll be open to it. you know, you got money. I'm proudly here supporting this man success, even though I don't like his movies, because he saw the bigger picture. he knew his audience, and he looked out for the people who were looking down on him. they get it the great. if they don't, then that's fine too. I've been on sets where I've been the only black face. so when I come to work, here we are. we're represented where everybody's represented. lbgtq is represented, black, white, gay, straight, whatever, we're all represented, working hand in hand, arm in arm. so what I know about what I'm doing is any any doubters comes to just come take a visit and see, walk these streets, see these people, see these underdogs, and you tell me what I do don't know. this man really said, pull up. let me explain. now, Tyler founded his studio back in 2006, opening up his own line. and now that thing is selling for a cool eighteen point five million. but what's dope is that he sold it to his former president of production. and according to them, they're now the biggest land-run movie studio in America, while Perry's moving to the biggest American studio lot in America. but here's the big reason why I respect Tyler, regardless of what you think of his movies, at least he owns them. you invested in your own company. that's how you started, right? you use your own savings, right? and people told you not to do that. absolutely yeah. all the time I found is that he who has the gold, they make the rules. so I wanted to to own my own content, my own work. I want to be in a position where I could actually have more say in my own destiny, rather than letting someone else has say-so I wanted to invest in myself. and that happens when you do that. Perry always had Lionsgate distribute his films, and then he went on to Paramount where they established a division called Paramount players. so he was always learning along the way. I have paid for a Harvard education about 50 times in the amount of money that I've lost in mistakes. so I'm a trial and error I made a lot of mistakes, and then I just started picking up the phone. I feel that in our ATC video, we go deeper into the inspiration of this man who went from being a playwright living out of his car to having these many productions under his belt as he continued to produce more in his massive 12 Lots. what did that mean to you? to see that on the highway? and it's a bonafide highway sign. first time I saw it, it was, it's the Sylvan Road, which I remember when I moved to Atlanta, I moved off a silver road with my cousin and got put out a house, had no money, that kind of thing. so I'm looking at so enrollment, and then to see my name next to that moment, I just, it took me, took my breath away. all 12 of these sound stages are all dedicated to black icons, which, in the case of Spike Lee's lat show some mad maturity from Tyler. it's ago from the guy being called out as being bad for the culture and now has 330 acres for it. the New York Times said, you are the most successful mogul Hollywood has ever ignored. do you think Hollywood gets you? my audience and the stories that I tell, our african-american store is specific to a certain audience, if ik to a certain group of people that I know, that I grew up with. and we speak a language. Hollywood doesn't necessarily speak the language. a lot of critics don't speak that language. so for to them, it's like, what is this? but I know what I do is important. I know what I do touches millions of people around the world. I know how important every word, every joke, every laugh, I know what that does for the people where I come from and the people that I'm writing for. so yeah, I get that. and this place isn't a joke. they shot first man here, right? they got the walking dead going on instant family. the official first production under Tyler Perry studios was black panther. black panther. and i don't want to brag, but it's bigger than disney paramount or Warner and funny combined combines. and he stated the art give. the other thing is, Jana has a Whoopi Goldberg soundstage. yes, it has a Whoopi Goldberg factor. then, besides the sound stages, this man has sets for anything you can think of within these three hundred and thirty acres, which is crazy when you remember his dream as a kid was to be an architect. first, everything you've seen, everything I've shown you, I've actually drawn to scale, gave it to the the builders to design it, saying, this is what I want. so that's the way I've been very specific in the design and build of this building for my house. everything is just, I love architecture from the bottom of heart. if I wasn't in this business, I would probably want to be a really great architect. it has its own Hospital with its own laughs, a hotel to film at. his own elevators that don't go anywhere, in case you want to seek with a devil. there are several bar sets that were literally from his own bar. this bar was actually in my house, in the basement, and I sold it to the studio when I moved because I thought it was so amazing. he's looking to the future and wants to build a highway in the back, so, you know, movies like la-la land don't have to shut down la traffic. but in the meantime, this thing serves as like a mini Madea Museum. it's like an amusement park with their own tours. so the original house is down the street in this neighborhood on Avon Avenue, but we've wanted to have a place where visitors and fans of Madea can actually come and see it. you can walk in this house. is like she's gonna come down the stairs with her big, huge self and say hi and feed you. recently, Connie talked about showing off his 4,000 acres that he had to his dad and the ideas of creating his own sustainable ecosystem. and Tyler studio has proof that, if we could just understand the shift in the system, the shift from working for to ownership, that is that that is the key. I look at I look at how all of our stuff is poured out, like our music and our talent, it's or doubt. they go and they take it, they make billions of dollars off of it, and then they say, oh, here's, here's five million dollars. and you like, bling-bling. look at me. I got come on. this man used to be homeless, and now he has a suburb full of houses to film his TV shows, movies, whatever he wants, and it's all dedicated to his mom, Maxine bill is. I named it after my mother, Maxine, who passed in 2009. so this whole area, this whole neighborhood, I want it to be a town after her, in her honor. and she was so happy to have that. it's very sentimental for me. and and we do a lot of shooting down here for a lot of the shows. it's always, it's always really fun and powerful. and it's a good memory of her to be down here. she was very proud scraping his goals up to is the only White House replica in America. so as long as you have your audience and have faith in what you're doing, this is what I learned from them, that all those insults that you get that don't have any merit, let them have them. when the roots of your characters that you've created stem from a childhood where dressing up like your grandma's and aunts was the only way to make your mother smile through the dark times, through the abuse. and then that character not only reach the smiles all over the world, but eventually spawns a monumental studio that you own. then you ignore the naysayers and the critics who won't made you feel like crap when they just didn't get it. because, as he puts it, instead of asking for a seat at the table, go out and build your own. thank you guys. checking out this video. I've never again, I never loved a director so much. and I always look into work ethics and stuff, if you ever seen any of my live streams or stuff like that. and people who ask me for advice, and they're like, oh, are can I cover movies? stop looking at like movies and look at how they work instead. I've never loved a director so much who movies I don't even like. but that work ethic. I grew up watching Big Momma's House around the same time a deal was just a stage play. so seeing that transition and how he was able to take it to a whole nother level, isn't saying like I even mentioned this man owns his own Island. but like I said, we did cover it back with the A to Z video, and yeah, it really cared about it. but it's super interesting to see the growth that this man has had. because now this studio, you don't have to care about Tyler Perry's movies, but the people, the artists who will now have a place to be able to make these movies. or, you know, even him, he says he wants to get more artistic. I hope that's true. but they say that the mantra there is, even dreams believe. so I'm curious to see where it goes. throughout the research to this, I always think a couple of extra notes, but I would highly recommend his essence interview. I put some pieces in here, but definitely go check that one out. I highly recommend it. I was just listening to speak, I was like, yo, this man is awning. here's just another bit where he talks about ownership and longevity, which I honestly think is very important. because for, you know what, we do like we started this all our own and we don't, we don't have to respond to anybody else, which is a perfect place to be in. it's not always the case for everybody, but it should be a dream that people should reach for it. I own everything. I would not sell a script that would not sell the film. I would entice all the TV shows. nothing. I owned it all. because ownership is the key to generational, generational changes. and I think that's what we need to learn people go again. you probably won't ever see me covering dumb idea movies themselves, but I'm proud of this. it's a really good accomplishment. I hope to visit it one day, but I'm curious to know your thoughts about it. other than that, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or my deals gonna hit you. [Music]. 