welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and you're now locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies, games, TV shows and comics. this episode, were going over the new Netflix horror film, wounds, starring army hammer and Suzy beets. throughout the video, we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film, including the major plot points, curse and ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch wounds yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of wounds. we follow will, a bartender that works at a rundown and cockroach infested bar known as Rosie's in New Orleans. will spends most of his time on the job hanging out with Alicia and the boyfriend, Jeffrey, as well as a man named Eric, who gets pretty aggressive when drunk. one night, a fight breaks out in which Eric gets stabbed in the cheek with a broken bottle, and all hell breaks loose. in the bar, a group of college students who are also at the location filmed the incident on their phones, and after the fight spills over into where they're sitting, they quickly leave. when everything quietens down at will discovers one of their phones, takes it home, and so begins the curse of wounds. after unlocking it, he begins to receive strange messages from a boy named Garrett, who says he's being followed by something. and though will casts the phone aside, he awakens the next morning to find more messages, including one that shows a photo of teeth in a puddle of blood. will drops his girlfriend, Kerry, off at college, and he begins to suspect that she's cheating on him. from the interactions that we see between the two, it's clear that they aren't really compatible with each other. Kerry seems to mock well about his job as a bartender, and we get the impression that he is very much stuck in a toxic relationship and meaningless career that is leading him to be unhappy a lot of the time. we'll visits Eric to discover that the wound on his face is starting to become infected. but Eric refuses to have any treatment. after receiving another message from the students telling him to in expect the phone once more, he notices some photos of a severed head and a video of one being surrounded by cockroaches that seemingly has a hand popping out of one of the wounds in it. will shows this to his girlfriend, and in the back of the photo, they know it's a book named the translation of wounds. after calling Garrett and hearing nothing but screeching, strange things begin to happen, including shadows that appear and disappear in their apartment and horrifying hallucinations that haunt will, will gets rid of the phone, but that doesn't stop the curse, which now has itself fixated on the character. it's a pretty interesting premise. and though I feel like wounds fail slightly in its execution of delivering adequate answers, there's still some things that are part of the film that definitely have the creep factor. now, before we get into the rest of the plot, I'm just going to discuss what the curse is, how it works and why certain things happen. in the movie, we learn that the students have been dabbling in the occult, and that they brought forth something terrible from practicing things laid out in the translation of wounds. the book which the movie is based on, named the visible filth, by Nathan ballin Grodd, describes the translation of wounds as an ancient belief system that requires its followers to reject the material world in order to have a deeper connection with the spirit realm. in this spirit realm exists a dark God that calls forth creatures known as ions that can interact with humans and act as a bridge between the two dimensions. Garrett and Co was studying this, and through the books and researching things online, they tried some of the rituals out, summoning creatures for three wounds, which act as portals. this is why they were carrying out the rituals on decapitated heads, as they need something that was once living, or is alive, in order for it to work. the ceremonies can only exist through pain and flesh. and this is why they become fixated on will Eric and so on. we'll get into what happens later on in the film, but the movie becomes very much about will accepting and embracing this ideology after his life begins to fall apart, or rather improves, depending on how you look at it. well, is informed by one of the kids that he has been chosen, and they slowly begin to stalk him. in addition to this, we'll hallucinates cockroaches almost everywhere, and they slowly begin to infest his life. after making a move on Alicia, he wants them to be together. this is rejected because Alicia says that she still loves Jeffrey. and will ends up going back to his car where he receives a strange message from Kerry that further pushes his paranoia. will also hallucinates Kara in his home, who informs him that he is the perfect vessel. Kerry. and well get more and more distant, and his hallucinations increase. he also gets into a fight with Jeffrey over the Alesha incident. and after receiving more strange messages from Kerry, he goes home to discover her transfixed on something on the computer. she's completely unresponsive, and only after almost drowning her does he manage to get her out of this state. the next day, the two break up, and will calls Alicia repeatedly, who, after ignoring him multiple times, eventually answers and tells him to stop. will breaks down and goes on a bender and quits his job after getting into an argument with Rosie. and after receiving a message, he goes to Eric's and tells him that he needs a place to stay. eric says that the college kids broke in and made him lure will there, and that they have a present for him. Eric leads will to his room way, finds the phone, and they say that the gift is wrapped in flesh. will realizes that the kids broke in, performed the ritual and Eric's wound. and he calls Garrett to initiate a screeching sound, which completes the ritual and allows the creature to crawl forth. will, embracing the fact that his life is pretty meaningless, submits of the higher power and allows himself to become a vessel. and hold on a second. what the hell just happened? okay, so I'm gonna try and explain this as best I can. so throughout the film we just watched, we'll beat from pillar to post, both mentally, physically and spiritually. by the end of the film, the guy has lost it all and is in a really, really bad state. well, is an alcoholic, doesn't really have any friends outside of customers, and is probably being cheated on by his girlfriend, who doesn't really have a very high opinion of him. when the students call him the perfect vessel, they mean because the guy is pre-built, like who remembers when army hammer was cast as a Batman in the failed George Miller Justice League movie? I do. anyway, it's that reason, and because he's also someone who will likely submit to the creature because things aren't exactly going his way. in the case of Garrett, he was probably not willing to submit, and was killed for it. unless the students decided pass the curse over to will, who was far more likely to give in. by the end, carry remarks to will at one point that he has become Hollow simply going through the motions of his job. and this builds the picture in his mind that he is the perfect candidate to be taken over. now, throughout the movie, will is constantly haunted by cockroaches, and on a metaphorical level, that these represent the stale surroundings that he's become involved in, as well as the fact that the Aeon is slowly song to take over him. in the end, due to the collapse of his relationship, the rejection by Alesha, the loss of his home and job, he just ends up giving in, because if he is part of something better, then that will surely be an improvement over the circumstances that he's currently in. now though the film might and negatively in some people's eyes, it actually has a more positive meaning behind it. once you scratch the surface. wounds is about improving your life. and it carries the message of getting rid of things that are holding you back. whether this is a toxic relationship that makes you paranoid and jealous, or a dead-end job that isn't really going anywhere, wound says that if you lose these things, there may be something better at the end of the rainbow. now whilst I admit it's not really presented in this way due to the amount of cockroaches and things popping out people's faces, wounds, overall, leaves well with something that will give his life meaning and hopefully take him out of the neverending monotony of his life. though the film cuts just as things get interesting, we do know that the character has become something new. no longer held back by the trappings of mediocrity, and he will have something to live for. just don't come near me, yeah, without thing popping out your face. overall, it's not the completely downtrodden ending that you might think, and there's actually some nice subtext to it. but what did I think about wounds overall? well, whilst the premise and message behind the movie are interesting, I feel that wounds fall slightly flat in its execution. and no will leads a very monotonous life. that doesn't mean that the viewer should be subjected to it either. wounds has a really interesting backstory and subtext, but none of this really makes its way to the screen. and because of the lack of many things I mentioned not being present in the film, it makes watching it slightly boring. now, the book is definitely worth picking up if this video has piqued your interest. by if you don't have knowledge of it, then I can imagine a lot of this movie seeming pointless and underdeveloped. wounds is okay, but it doesn't do anything spectacular. and when compared to Netflix's other film release last weekend, eli pales in comparison. overall, I doubt I'll ever go back to wounds, and I'll probably have forgotten what happens in it by the end of this sentence. so it gets a 4 out of 10. well, wait, what were we talking about again? now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on wounds and what you took from the film and where they see well as having a downward or upward spiral. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the aforementioned horror movie, Eli, which would be linked at the end. I go over the entire film and give my interpretation on it. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel and all the latest videos. so hopefully I see you over on one of them very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1 box on blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning it. so like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on wounds in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 