you are on the exciting movies channel. and today i'm going to tell you about the movie tusk. [Applause]. wallace, a mustachioed young american, and his plump friend teddy, host a podcast where they tell funny stories, vulgar, sometimes on the verge of decency, jokes. they blog showing videos they think are unusual and funny. wallace tells katie about another video that one of their subscribers discovered on an old laptop. on the video, a guy practices with a samurai sword and accidentally cuts off his leg. of course, this shot interested our hero. he does not hesitate to contact the guy to interview him. the homegrown samurai lives in canada. wallace has to go to another country, having spent 500 on the ticket. his girlfriend, allison, tries to go with him, but wallace is not the kind of guy who takes extra baggage on business trips. teddy also stays in los angeles as he is afraid of flying, having flown to the great white north and visited the hero of the video, wallace learns that he is dead. he gets to his funeral. upset about the interview being thwarted, wallace goes to the local bar to have a drink, to call teddy to complain about injustice. after a couple of beers, he feels like taking a piss. in the bathroom, he finds a strange notice on a board covered with similar pieces of paper. he finds an old man offering to stay with him for free. all the owner of the luxurious house wants us to tell incredible stories from his life. but that is exactly what wallace wants. he went to canada for an incredible story for his podcast, and he will get it. wallace calls the man and makes an appointment to meet him. on the way, he buys a drink from a local store and pours it into an unreasonably large plastic glass. the local sales girls ask him how to get to the address the landlord gave once. in the middle of nowhere, wallace sees the old mansion where the old man lives. howard hall, the owner, meets him sitting in a wheelchair and offers to treat him to tea. wallace gladly drinks a couple of cups, listens to mister hall's tales of his meeting. hemingway, makes bad jokes about the house and howard himself. but mr hall is hard to confuse. he continues his life story full of tragedy. when he was very young, his parents were killed in front of him. howard ended up in an asylum where he was abused. from there, he ends up in a mental hospital. but that is not what missed her hall wants to tell wallace, he is occupied with another story, determined to tell the story of the day he first experienced true horror. howard hull describes how he worked as a cook on the ship anastasia, which was wrecked in the northern seas near kamchatka. howard, the only survivor of the shipwreck, swam through the icy waters, holding onto the life ring for a long time. at last, he was rescued by a walrus. once on the island where the huge animal lived, howard would have surely died of cold, thirst and hunger, but the walrus warmed and fed him. mr hall never has time to finish this incredible, fascinating story. wallace becomes ill. he feels weak. his head grows heavy and his eyesight begins to fail. at last, wallace realizes that it is because of the tea he tries to ask the landlord something, but he cannot and faints. while wallace was passed out. it turns out that he is not such a bad guy. he loves allison, who has been with him since the days when wallace was a loser, unable to support himself. but he doesn't love that loser, wallace. maybe that's why he becomes cynical and unprincipled. alison tells her boyfriend that she misses him the old way, because he cried over winnie the pooh. and as her grandfather said, the ability to cry proves that man has a soul, which distinguishes him from an animal. wallace wakes up sitting in a wheelchair, his legs covered with plaid. mr hall is also here. he tells his guest that yesterday he was bitten by a poisonous spider, which caused wallace to lose consciousness, and he had to call a doctor. the doctor found wallace's leg and in a terrible condition. it was swollen, and to prevent the infection from spreading, the doctor amputated it. he does not believe the old man's story. demands his phone to call his family, but mr hall refuses. he refers to the doctor who has taken all the phones out of the house to ensure the patient's peace. over dinner, wallace learns that howard hall can walk, and that the wheelchair is a hoax to create the image of a helpless old man. came the rain and washed the spider out. let me out of this chair, you [ __ ] psycho, unable to walk on his own. wallace accidentally finds his cell phone. by the sound of its ringing, ellison calls him for he has not been heard from in three days. wallace does not have time to pick up the phone. he calls alison back, but now she does not answer. the girl complains about wallace teddy, telling him how unhappy she can be with him. in the morning, both alison and teddy find two voicemails from the friend, telling him that some crazy person has kidnapped him, cut off his leg and is keeping him in the middle of nowhere in canada. for wallace, the attempt to contact the outside world ends tragically. mr hall hits the guy on the head with a walrus bone. wallace regains consciousness. so if you wish to continue living, you will be a walrus, or you'll be nothing at all. when he wakes up, he sees that he has lost his other leg. his arms, from his shoulders to his elbows are sewn to his sides. some of his teeth are missing from his mouth, and he has lost his tongue too. and now he can only moo like an animal. he tells the boy that he wants to recreate his savior, the same walrus he called tusk. and he wants to recreate him so he can have a second chance at life. in the basement of the mansion, there is a pool with a platform, so reminiscent of the abandoned island with the walrus where mr hall ended up. the old man teaches the newfound tusk to swim, preparing the walrus for life. in the process, wallace sees dozens of other unfortunate bodies underwater who have fallen into the hands of a crazy maniac. meanwhile, wallace's girlfriend and his friend, teddy, are looking for him in canada. the american police were unable to help them, so they contacted the local police department. they had previously interviewed people at the bar and at the car rental service in an attempt to find wallace. they are afraid that he is already dead. the police don't really believe in the kidnapping story. given wallace cheerful disposition, his passion for jokes, they assume that this is another prang. but still add the american to the list of missing people. and alison and teddy give the phone number of detective gil poin, who may know something about the likely kidnapper. meeting a detective does not bring relief to friends. gila poin has been looking for this maniac for many years. he lost sleep and appetite. he lost his job and his wife. he was considered insane. but gila did not give up on his he says that he has already found corpses of people without lower limbs, with hands sewn to the body. when teddy and allison are about to refuse help, abnormally, he says that he once saw a maniac, but under a different name and in a different place. together with the detective, friends go on the trail of wallace, learning that he likes to buy drinks on trips in large plastic cups. they come to the store where wallace asked for directions. remember a funny american with a mustache no way, it's mr mustache. they give the detective a notebook in which wallace wrote down mr hall's address, and the detective figures out where to go. on the way, they find wallace's car half flooded in a pond. but wallace himself is not in it either. the detective convinces his friends that he knows where the guy is. he distributes weapons and the whole company goes to the maniacs house. they do not yet know what is happening in the basement with the pool, and it would be better for them not to see it. mr hall realizes that the hour of battle has come. he tells wallace exactly how his savior, the walrus, fed him and kept him from starving to death. howard had to kill the tusk and eat its meat just before the rescue ship appeared on the horizon. from that day on, howard regrets what he did. he considers the murdered margin the highest creature on the planet and people miserable and unworthy of life. mr hull puts on a marga suit made from scraps of leather. tusks are attached to his head, made like wallace's tusks, implanted in his jaw from his own shin bone. the battle begins, full of incoherent screams and sounds of blows. all other versions of the tusk died from the blows of mr hall. which means that the deceased margin did not manage to take revenge on his killer. according to howard's idea, the fight should be fair on an equal footing, he did not even suspect that at that moment they were running around his mansion in panic, looking for his friend, teddy and alison, the detective, was also somewhere here, armed with a shotgun. the battle between margin and the man in margin suit was fierce, but short-lived. the moment alison and teddy find wallace's tusk in the basement, he kills the old man by tearing his body apart with his tusks. what he saw terrifies everyone, but only wallace looks at his friends in blood. there is nothing human in his gaze, only rage and pain. he hums, unable to utter a word. detective gila point points a gun at the tusk, ready to shoot. a scream is heard. a year has passed since that day. alison and teddy arrive at the city zoo. get out of the car and go to the entrance. allison is holding an oblong paper roll. they walk as if in a funeral procession into the corral with a lonely walrus, but not in the pool, not in its vicinity. there is no one. the walrus is hiding in his cave and does not want to go out. allison unfolds the package, takes out a fish and throws it onto the concrete platform in front of the cave. she calls wallace by name, tries to speak to him. teddy stands beside him in silence. finally, the walrus appears. he gratefully eats the fish, peers at old friends, but they see nothing human in his face. alison cries, remembering the story of her grandfather, who said that tears distinguish a person from an animal, prove that he has a soul. she says she loves wallace. tati takes the girl away. at this moment, from the eyes of the margin, a few tears flow down. that's all for today. subscribe and like if you want more of these videos. 