[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it looks like there's a new cap in town with the arrival of the Falcon and Winter Soldier on Disney Plus right around the corner. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the new team-up TV show, as well as giving my thoughts and what could happen in the plot. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the series, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of Falcon and Winter Soldier. okay, so just a quick catch-up on the events of the MCU. the last time we saw Bucky in Sam was at the end of Avengers endgame, when Steve Rogers had revealed that he traveled back in time to smash Peggy Carr like you should smash the like button on this video. now, being too old for this ish, Steve decided it was time to pass on the mantle. and in the close of the film, he handed over his symbolic shield to Falcon, passing the torch figuratively to him at San Diego comic-con during the Marvel phase 4 panel. Kevin Feige, director of the company, finally confirmed that the Falcon and Winter Soldier show will be dropping in autumn 2020, with filming due to star this October. behind the project is Malcolm Spellman, who worked on Empire, as well as Derek Kolstad, who created John wick. so yes, some big guns pun intended or heading of the show, and it could potentially be an action-packed drama. reprising the roles are all the big stars of the films, such as Anthony Mackie and Sebastian Stan. Mackie is reportedly already being sized up first Captain America costume. so the show will likely finalize with him donning the star spangled man's infamous uniform. in the comics, both characters at some point have carried the shield. however, there could be some back and forth between the two before the one who dons the mantle is fully confirmed. it does look like Bucky will try and find some happiness similar to Steve though. and recently, when talking about the show, Sebastian Stan said, I think it's time for Bucky to go out there and have an identity outside of the circumstances that we've met him through. he might do all kinds of things. he might even go on a date. I don't know. scary world out there, you know, apps things like that. I don't know why so scanner apps. I don't know what he's gonna do. I can't see him on an iPhone. I think it's gonna be a lot of dealing with Anthony's character and Anthony himself, which is always another character. in addition to this, Daniel Bruhl recently posted pictures of himself in baron zemo's balaclava with the caption, I simply wanted to say hello to some old friends, gentlemen. I'll be seeing you very soon. so it looks like he could become the main antagonist of the show going forward. however, there are also rumors that John Cena has been cast as the US. agent. for those who don't know us, agent is a government-appointed Captain America. and if the rumors are true, then Cena will be going head-to-head with Bucky and Falcon for the mantle, especially since they are still outlaws and on the run after the events of Civil War, along with Zemo, Emily VanCamp, Sharon Carr is returning to and it looks like the series will heavily play upon the set, but Civil War forming with many of the aspects of that film being built upon here. if I was to predict what would happen, I would say that I think the show will send a heavily around the government, who still see Bucky and Falcon as enemies of the state. and because Sam will have announced that he is the new Captain America, the authorities will want to silence this and send us a Jim after them. the sides will go toe-to-toe. wild Simo operates in the background, perhaps framing them for crimes similar to how we did in civil war. eventually, US agent will discover the truth, and, together with Sam and Bucky, will help take down Zemo. US agent may step down as a government-appointed Captain America, which will then allow Falcon to officially take on the position. the fact that the show is called Falcon and Winter Soldier, and not Captain America and Winter Soldier, cements this for me, and shows that many will not be accepting of this new position this can also be the reason that cap wasn't all that public at the end of Avengers endgame and was listed as dead in spider-man, far from home. he will likely still be hiding from the government, even in his old age, due to the events of Civil War. and all seems to line up for me. mark Barnard in recently spoke on this during his podcast, Batman on Batman. and alongside Kevin Smith, they discussed how the crux of the show will center around the government being unaccepting of a Sam's position, though he didn't state how he had this information. and that's everything we know so far about Falcon and Winter Soldier. and obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on it. and you hope to see in the show when it's released. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it. and if you want something else to watch, make sure you check out my breakdown of the recently released Avengers and get deleted scene, which would be linked at the end. in it, I break down the scene and discuss why it was cut. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully i'll see you over there. also, just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel, and leave your thoughts on the Falcon and Winter Soldier TV show in the comment section below. the one will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blue arrow be shipped up from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 