welcome to the man of recaps. this is the flash, season five. at the end of last season, a mysterious new girl showed up. turns out she is nora west allen. yes, barry and iris's daughter from the future. as far as the time travel shenanigans go on the show, it's pretty standard stuff. yes. nora is also a speedster. goes by the name xs, which doesn't really stand for anything. now, we've known since the very beginning of season 1 the future article that reads flash disappears in crisis. but nora has bad news. the flash never comes back. yes? nora grew up without her father, that's why she came back to the past to hang out with her dad. she does not want to hang out with her mom, though. turns out future iris put a chip in her to suppress her powers to keep her safe. this causes an annoying amount of boring drama throughout the first half of the season, before she realizes her mom's pretty cool and forgives her their happy family again. so norah's real cute and spunky. she's excited to get out there as success and fight crime with the flash, but mostly she's a distraction. pretty soon though, barry gets her trained up, and she's capturing meta-human villains. but what's this? oh, this one is killed. this new villain is called cicada because of the rattling sound his breathing mask makes. he controls a wicked lightning bolt-shaped knife that dampens meta-human powers. and without their powers, team flash is useless against him. now, being from the future, nora knows about cicada, but he's not supposed to arrive yet. her presence here has altered the timeline. but even more troubling, cicada is one of the most infamous villains because he is never caught. so to help them catch this kill or team flash needs a harrison wells. there's many in the multiverse that aren't helpful right now, but one of them is a master detective. in fact, he goes by his middle name, sherlock. this is sherlock wells. look. surely, sherlock, l-o-q-u-e shall lock in french. they soon discover that on the night of the enlightenment, shards from dubose satellite hit various pieces of technology, infusing them with dark matter, turning them into meta tech. and so once again, the various villains of the week were accidentally created by team flash. this is where cicadas dagger came from. two that night, he and his niece got blown up. the dagger landed in his chest, making him a medium infused with it. his niece, grace, got hit too. she's in a coma now. and he's vowed to kill all meta-humans to take vengeance. now remember last season, the thinker took away caitlyn snow's killer frost powers. and turns out her powers didn't come from the particle accelerator explosion. killer frost has been a part of her since childhood. long story short, caitlyn tracks down her father, who she thought was dead, but was actually just trapped in this lab for 20 years. she was dying of a deadly disease, but managed to cure himself. but turns out that cure is ice powers. to make sure she never got sick, he gave that cure to caitlin when she was a kid, and that's where killer frost came from. turns out though, he also has an evil, icy split personality. and this one, unfortunately, has taken full control of them. so to save her friends, caitlyn's gotta oh, ice blast. yeah, killer frost is back. turns out the thinker didn't take away her powers. he just like gave her a mental block. this is super convenient, because killer frost powers don't come from dark matter. the dagger doesn't dampen them. she can fight cicada. he still manages to escape though. in fact, over the course of the season, barry fights cicada like a million times, but he always gets away. in the meantime, romance blooms when sherlock falls for this cute librarian. turns out, though he's fallen for her seven times before, yes, all of his ex-wives are this woman's doppelgangers from various earths. he has a type. cisco ramone spends the first half of the season moping over his recent breakup with gypsy. but ralph dibny is here to help. in fact, he's written the book of ralph, all about how to get over your ex. in the end, though, the best way is to meet someone new. it's this cute photographer, bartender, camilla. they hit it off, and by the end of the season, they're going steady. and of course, one day gorilla grodd is back here to conquer central city again. this time, to stop them, they gotta bring in another giant animal. it's king shark. yes, it's an epic monster battle. in the end, king shark wins, and he's kind of a good guy now. meanwhile, cicada is still out there killing metahumans. eventually, cisco and caitlyn develop a meta-human cure that will permanently take someone's powers away. barry wants to just stab cicada with it, but caitlyn makes him promise it has to be consensual. so the flash offers to takes a kid his powers away, which at first he is not interested in. sort of makes a kid a trusted berry, pulls out his go-to move and reveals his secret identity. it's like, yeah, everyone knows at this point. and when barry points out that saketa and his niece are technically metahumans themselves, he realizes the irony of his vendetta, so he agrees to take them at a human cure. but who's this busting in? it's another cicada. this one's got two knives, so they're double trouble. turns out it is his grown-up niece, grace from the future. she's like, hey uncle. i came back from the future to help continue our mission kill all meta-humans. but he's like, yo, gracie, i was wrong. this isn't the life i want for you. but oh, she kills him. she is too far gone. now this whole time, sherlock has been suspicious of nora. she has a journal with strange, simple writing in it, the same strange symbols barry was writing when he came out of the speed force. indeed, this whole time, she's been communicating with someone in the future. and eventually, sherlock discovers her secret. it is none other than the reverse flash eobard thon, for complicated time travel reasons, still alive and wearing the face of paris and wells, we get a flashback to nora's life as a csi in the future when a new speedster villain, godspeed, arrives. he hits nora with a lightning bolt that destroys her power dampener, and she discovers she's got super speed. with no one else to turn to, she goes to see thon, who becomes her speedster coach, much like he was for barry. back in the day, they became kind of friends. he taught her how to time travel so she could go meet her dad. and later, when she learned thon killed her grandma, he's like, hey, i feel bad about that. i'm a changed man now. but barry allen doesn't want to hear it. he's super mad at nora and leaves her stranded in the future. obviously, though, the sensor running right back into thon's arms. and he teaches her how to time travel using the negative speed force. that's how your eyes glow red, and makes kind of evil excess. puts on a villain outfit and goes rogue for a day. but the other bad guys betray her because they're bad guys. so she and her dad have a heart to heart, they make up, and she's a good guy again. now, the team found a mirror gun, the only thing that would destroy cicadas. dagger first, though, caitlyn's evil ice dad is out there stealing some other science thing. he and killer frost have a final showdown, where she frees her dad from his evil alter ego. the snowpack is reunited as a happy family for all of five seconds, before new cicada kills him. she's here to steal the science thing he stole. she's gonna use it to unleash a metahuman toxin into the atmosphere that will kill all the metahumans in the world, so she doesn't have to stab them one by one. while she and the gang have a final fight. cisco goes in there and disarms it. they finally got the dagger. gonna use the mirror gun to destroy it, but ralph dibny's like, wait, don't. being new to the team, he's a little behind on all this time travel, multiverse stuff. what did you think we meant when we said harry was from earth too? that he is from earth also? but it's ralph who figures out thon's master plan. see, the thing dampening his power in the future is cicada's dagger. this whole time, he's been manipulating nora to go back there so they can destroy it. so the gang tries a new approach and gives the meta human cure to kid grace. but as long as the dagger exists, it won't take hold because of the shrapnel in her head. so eventually the flash has no choice he's got to mirror gun the dagger. boom, evil dagger destroyed, removing evil grace from the timeline. unfortunately, this means the dagger's erased from the future. and just before his execution, thon's got his powers back because they figured out his plan. the good guys run here to stop him, and they have a little speedster chase for a while. eventually thon's captured. but wait, what's happening to nora? all the shenanigans has changed the timeline too much. this version of adult nora is being erased. the only way to stop it is to hide her in the negative speed force. so while barry runs off do that, the reverse flash, eobard thawne is free. once again. the negative speed force is not a happy place to be though. so nora bails like, hey, i'd rather be erased from the timeline than be consumed by hate. so it's a super sad family hug, mom, dad, i'm so glad i got to know you. as nora disintegrates, erased from the timeline. so as season 5 is wrapping up, cisco's been doing some serious soul-searching. he's decided he doesn't want to be vibe anymore. he takes the meta-human cure, excited to live his life from now on without powers. and with all these changes to the timeline, the crisis that flash disappears in is coming sooner. yes, next season it's crisis on infinite earths. and that's how season five comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 