so there's this movie that's so bad it's great. now, I could have been a the bottle of cap or my inner female that truly loves fantasy romances. but this one, this one right here, is a special kind of streaming. let me explain. so there's this, well, I guess this is like the one time I can 1000% say it has no gender, because it's a person named a who's been waking up in a different person's body every day, like, since it was a baby. they took different poops in different infants. and it's not until it's like six years old that a ends up going, wait a minute, I'm not like everyone else. from the few rules that the movie gives you, a pretty much goes into a body of anyone that's like, within a 20-mile radius, right? and it's always someone who's around age age. there always happens to be enough people in the town, I guess. so he's never the same person twice. he has till midnight in that body, before he just hibernates until 7:00 a.m. the next day and gets a new one. and if he ever wakes up in a body that's taken a flight from like Arizona to Detroit. well, he now lives in Detroit. one day he ends up as Justin, who's that kid running scared in the Jurassic Park trailer? and he meets up with his girlfriend, Amy Adams jr. and he falls in love real just is actually a jerk, so it's hilarious the next day when she's like, oh, my goodness, our date was so good. and he was like, brah, was I drunk? it continues to swap in two different bodies around town, except for the blanket, which he wakes up his blind kid. and in the movie, he literally just rolls back to bed, but he tries to find a way to meet up with this girl who he has fallen in love with every day. and then finally he decides, you know what, I'm gonna tell the truth, which makes her go, you kissed me without my consent. eventually she was like, okay, it's cool. it's fine, since a is a nice guy. and she decides that they're gonna try to make this relationship work. every day she breaks up with her boyfriend, pretty much ignores her friend, since, you know, they'll never believe that she's dating a like, 20 million people. and even bailey pickett, post disney, is looking at her sister like, girl, see this girl ends up getting jiggy. was like the entire cast on IMDB, like if they dated for a month, right? she's dating a and a swapping around embodies. she straight up making out with like 30 different dudes or dudettes who are complete strangers to her. here's what I thought that was excellent. remember, girls complaining about consent, which I guess only matters if it's happening to you. cuz she's getting smashed by dudes who, in all honesty, are being possessed by a and having their bodies used. so they're gonna wake up the next morning just going, why do I smell like fish? I love how a keeps an Instagram account as well, where he's like taking selfies of everyone who he is. so it's like, if you want to get caught, this is how you get caught. they eventually even talk about how some people can actually retain the memories while their bodies possessed by a, which is really messed up when you think about this one kid who thought he was possessed by the devil for a day. there's another homeschooled kid who got caught making out with his white girl. so he's grounded for life. she don't care. they had chubs over here. misses trip to Hawaii, so they'd be together. and then towards the end of the movie, they decide, you know what? let's just, uh, ruin this kid's life and keep his body for days. wait, what? so it turns out the movie hits you with a new logic, like halfway through, and a can stay longer in a body of someone who doesn't have the will to live. like there's a suicidal girl, and he's able to stay longer in her body since, well, she's suicidal. but if you're using that logic, then what didn't that mean that you would have less time if he's in a body of someone with a big ego who does want to live, like Justin none of that even matters though, cuz at the end, he becomes Alex, the kid in the poster for like, a week. at this point, everyone at school was like, girl, you didn't smash seven dudes a week, and you ain't even private about they eventually realizes that one he can't, like, I don't know, mentally, kidnap this kid any longer. and he also realizes that when they get older and he's swapping out bodies, hi, they gonna have a kid, ain't gonna be his kid. how is he gonna come home a different person every time? especially when if they're teenagers now and don't have that many responsibilities, him swapping out embodies of adults with marriages ain't gonna make no sense. Soleil decide to part ways. Rihanna read Rihanna ends up with the real Alex, who all of a sudden isn't shy and a decides to leave to New York, which is what he always wanted to do, to start a new life in the big city. but like, wait, you just, you just messed up that person's plan and wasted their gas. thank you guys for watching this video. as always, let me know your thoughts down below. this is that movie that, if you didn't catch in theaters, catch every day on a streaming right the friend your buddy, Captain Moore, and have yourself a great time on that. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. any other movies want me to cover? any other movies you don't know if you want to see, I'll check it out for you don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll make sure that Alex doesn't possess your body for today 