I'm Judy. hi Jen. well, welcome to friends of heaven. I'm pastor Wayne. yeah, I lost my fiancee eight weeks ago. this is really subtle. sorry. one minute we were hitting dinner, and, oh my gosh, she was on how do you forgive someone who hits your husband with their car and then drives away, leaving him to bleed to death on the side of the road? how do you forgive that? feel free to call me. we can not sleep together. thank you. what? no, just for me into my life. I guess we're not sane. doing the same stupid [ __ ] that everybody says and does. it's just makes you feel more alone than you already are. you know, shall I come over? nope, because I'm coming to you. what? and I'm pulling up right now. [Music] to help you. here's Steve. Judy doesn't live here anymore. she does know, we broke up two months ago. her fiance is not, didn't die two months ago, but I did lose him because he broke up with, oh my god, that is not thus. he broke up with me because we really wanted to have kids, and we tried and we tried for years. and I couldn't. I just kept having miscarriages. I'm sorry that I said you didn't belong you. you've lost a lot too. welcome to what to come and stay with us. oh, that's very generous. but you don't have to take pity on me just because I'm a 41 year old barren woman sleeping in an assisted living facility. forget your troubles. come on, get happy. why are you looking for Judy? I'm Judy, ma'am. we're here to inform you that a temporary restraining order has been placed on you, barring you within a hundred feet of Steve. you stalking him? oh, not really. so what is it? just like a light stalking? I've called him a bunch of times and he didn't answer, so I showed up at his office. I want the gun. mm-hmm. what? gun? dad's gun. okay, well, it is in the safe, and I do not have the combination. I appreciate you making room for me. yeah. appreciate you telling me about the storage place. [ __ ] here. [Music]. I should probably talk about Ted's birthday tomorrow. he must be hard on you. I'm a rack, actually. I'm okay, but of course, I can't. Ted was my only son. that was my only husband's yes wife. he's white. we hid and I befriended her. and I've been trying to tell you, they keep shutting me out. why would you think? this is actually about the car you called me about the other day? what about it? someone took a golf club to it, did they? who did it? who did it? who did it? I did it. I destroyed that Corvette. I saw the guys speeding, and he could have hurt someone. and then Jen was so upset. you know, what's your missus? man? you're trying to get caught. mm-hmm. then, please, you don't have to follow every impulse. [Music], bark, what? Steve's pulling his house off the market, like I need that [ __ ] right now. you're moving back in there. I really wanted to tell you this morning, but I don't want this whole thing with Bambi came up dead. your boyfriend, he was, I don't really know what he is. now, how long were you dating? maybe not that long, like a year and a half. holy [ __ ]. I'm sorry, Ted, he's dead. Judy's not coming back. I mean, it's not like you ever let her live in this house to begin with. dad, he told Bambi that you were dead breast cancer, and that he was raising the kids all along. mrs. Nick Hynek, he's a cop, a detective, actually. you ever saw the hit-and-run? yes, your son's been dealing drugs. oh my god. oh, sorry about everything that you went through. was fighting Henry's dad. I bet that was really scary for you. okay, police, open up. Charlie hard, hey, all right, here we go. the [ __ ] is this? where did you get this gun? charlie? that stole it from Grandma. safety is all. chat with Shandi about the morning she found Ted's corpse. this is a body hand it over. she took a little souvenir. what is that? I think it's maybe from a Hitler. you're welcome. good morning to you. why am i welcome? what am I looking at? that is a piece of the car that killed Ted hard, evidence that I procured. what are you doing here? some piece of the car. what he's Hawking? gene, she has a piece of our car. she's putting it through the scanner. No, right. you dismantle it. you break it down to the component parts. you dump them in three different junkyards in Mexico, and poof, the cart is gone. keep driving clients away. you scare people. you scare me. so what is happening here right now? are you breaking up with me? just professionally, they found the make and model of the car that killed Ted. what uh-huh? and that was Nick. and he's gonna get me a list of every registered owner of that kind of car in Orange County. is this ethical, harassing people because they're on a list? it's not unethical when I hurt anybody, just casually tracking down people on finish' mustangs. I broke up with a guy that I'm seeing, okay, because he's not you. it's a virus, and because I think I might be pregnant. I'm not sorry. I never will be. this job isn't for me, Lorna. it's for the boys. they are craving stability and electronics. the detective came by the gallery today, started asking questions about me last night. if he was down for this, it is you. you were driving. you were the criminal. I'm the only eyewitness. she said, we're in this together. well, outside, a man from Judy Hale Steve wood are responsible for the Harding hit and run. I have something to tell you, something that Steve, what does the moneylender? a money launderer, tax evader. he's a shell company. it's called TKG arts. it's a gallery. and frankly, some of the stuff is pretty good. but mostly he uses it to funnel money for his international place. wasn't that road? because he didn't want to spend another second in this house with me. I killed him. no, I hit him, right? I hit him. okay, what are you six Mustang. didn't see a bend in the road, and I typed too fast. and I thought, if I could just somehow make it up to you, if I could help you somehow, or if I could be your friend, you can die. [Music]. mrs. Harding, hi, Judy Hale killed my husband. yeah, she confessed it to me. and how much were you looking to withdraw today from the joint account? all of it, please. she was here earlier, and she what, she what? she closed the account. you were in the car. [ __ ] you [ __ ] you. she was driving. she did it. what did you say? huh? okay. after she hit him, what did you say? don't remember. okay, you're leaving my house right now. Jesus. [ __ ], I'm a good guy. Jen, no, you're not a good guy. [Applause], hello Judy. I need you to come home. you 