hello. welcome back to recap central. today we will be recapping a movie about a rogue agent who travels to different universes to kill other versions of himself to become the one, a god-like being. well, let's get started. after leaving the multiverse authority, gabriel eula jet li, sets out to find all of the several incarnations of himself that have lived throughout history, including one from the future, in an attempt to become the one. he believes he may become an immortal, godlike creature by killing all 124 of his previous lives and collecting their life force. he is briefly detained by mva agents roker del oro lindo and fung jason statham, but manages to flee during his trial and is sentenced to life in the stygeon penal colony on the planet hades. when gabe is carrying a prisoner for the sheriff's department, he feels the presence of eula minutes before he attempts to kill gabe. as a result, u-law is being pursued by gabe, who needs to jump over a very high wall to catch up with him. eula shoots and injures gabe after he crosses across. u-law is on his way to kill gabe when roker and funch show up to stop him. gabriel, gabe law is a los angeles county sheriff's department deputy sheriff, and the only other person who knows about the situation. tk, law, carla giugino, his wife of two years, has seen a significant increase in his physical and mental power, quickness and mental capacity. eula, to gabe's eye, is an identical duplicate of himself. ulaw's appearance surprises him, as he has never traveled beyond dimensions before. u-law ambushes gabe after he checks into the hospital, but roker and fudge can stop him, once more, thanks to their quick thinking. he tries to talk them out of shooting him by saying that if he dies, gabe will be the last one left. gabe's fellow cops are baffled by gabe and eula's fight, which takes place while wearing identical attire in every way. david ulah, the two remaining survivors, can leave the hospital on their own. roker is caught in the middle of a dilemma. they need to find eula, but they can't kill him or allow gabe to be killed, since whoever survives will become the one wreaking havoc on the multiverse and killing everyone in it. ulaw, in his perspective, ought to be dealt with harsher due to his role as the instigator. roker makes the rash decision to deviate substantially from protocol and separate the squad, resulting in the death of the whole squad. rodriguez pursues and fights yula until the bad guy breaks his neck and kills him. when funch captures gabe, he teaches him about the multiverse's nature and gabe's talents. when yulo finds gabe's house, which tk has been attempting to hide, he instantly understands that he is not her husband. once eula arrives, gabe witnesses u-law's murder of claire. funch and gabe are on a joint mission to locate you law, who is located at the next wormhole u-law. gabe and funch arrive at the industrial plant, where they learn that gabe and eulal will face off in the final showdown. gabe eventually prevails, and the three of them are sent to the mva alpha universe headquarters via a time traveling wormhole, where they find themselves once again. ulaw is instantly sent to the prison colony universe after his last effort to swap places with gabe has failed. next, the mva will prepare to deport gabe, who will be arrested and imprisoned for the crimes carried out by eu law and his supporters. bunch recalls an earlier encounter with gabe and takes him to an alternate reality in which gabe may begin to rebuild his life in los angeles from the day he first met tk u-law, despite his incarceration in stygian preaches that he would one day become the one. despite his confinement, hundreds of soldiers battle yule off from atop a ziggurat in the hades dimension. as the credits begin to play. thank you for watching. if you enjoyed the recap, consider subscribing to see more recaps like this. tune in. until next time. 