nick bannister and his friend watts have this facility that allows people to relive their memories. people who are desperate come to this place to revisit their memories. all you have to do is follow my voice. it's summer, 13 years ago. one day, after the working hours, a client, may walks in and asks for their help in retrieving her missing key. nick is instantly attracted by this woman. after visiting her memory, nick learns that she is a nightclub singer. and he saw her singing his favorite song, which made him feel a strong connection towards her. soon after, they started being in a relationship. and both of them seemed happy to do this to impress all the girls. only the one i'm in love with. months passed, may disappears one day, and nick started looking for clues to understand what might have happened. he spends hours in the tank repeatedly reliving his memories of their relationship, which actually is a dangerous practice that could forever trap him in that particular memory. watts tries to make him understand to not spend his time like this and to move on. damn memory you had with her out. prosecutor avery castillo hires nick and watts to retrieve memories from a comatose suspect who worked for a drug kingpin named saint joe in new orleans. upon visiting the man's memories, nick sees that may was once saint joe's mistress and had become addicted to bacca, a highly addictive narcotic hey joe. the memories also reveal that may has stolen saint joe's stash of bacca before fleeing. nick is devastated to learn that may was an addict, and he started questioning every feeling that he had for her. anyways, now he wanted to know the whole story, so he travels to new orleans and finds saint joe, who says he has heard nothing from may since you left him. saint joe had his men drowned nick, but watts rescues him and kills saint joe and his crew. [Music]. back in miami, nick has watched relive her last encounter with may. they discover that may stole the recordings of elsa caring a client who repeatedly relived her trysts with an older, wealthy lover. nick recognizes the voice of her lover as walter sullivan, a wealthy land baron who has recently died. seeing tamara stirred a memory. nick discovers that elsa was recently murdered, and her little son was taken by a woman who matches may's description. all i know is elsa didn't stand a chance. nick is ambushed by cyrus booth, a dirty cop and former henchman of saint joe. nick approaches sulden's wife, tamara, a former client, she has some issues with her memory. after learning that elsa's boy was most likely walter sullivan's child, and thus a potential heir to his riches, tamara, in a flash of insight, directs nick to a possible hiding spot of booth in may of them. nick and boo fight, and boot nearly drowns before nick is able to overpower him. [Music]. he returns with boob, puts him in the tank and pry on his memories. his memories reveal that the cornerstone of may's relationship with him was a lie. after booth enlisted her in a plan to con him, she researched nick to learn how to woo him, and staged the loss of her keys she planned everything this home. however, the memories also reveal that may came to genuinely love him. when booth murdered elsa, mate took elsa's son and fled, stashing him in an unknown location. later booth and tried to force her to reveal the child's location. nothing you won't do. she started talking, but made no sense to boob as it was actually a message for nick. she reveals elsa's son's location while professing him, yes, i'm here. i'm right here. there's so many things i wanted to tell you. she then takes a lethal amount of baca and jumps to her death from the balcony, finding no other way out of her predicament. nick, realizing that bruce is responsible for her death, forces him to relive his darkest memory, being burned in the face by saint joe's men. he confronts sullivan's legitimate son, sebastian, who hired booth to eliminate elsa and his half-brother to protect his inheritance. he was in love with ulcer. don't worry, he was looking for them. but you've never done your own dirty work. he was later arrested. nick confesses to watts that he fried booth's memory on purpose, which is a serious crime. i burned someone on purpose. but he got what he wanted, relive his time with may, which is ostensibly the rest of his life. all you have to do is follow my voice. i see you fully now, your darkness and your light. you 