astronomical anomaly causes a reality bending experience to aid friends at a dinner party. welcome back to popcorn time movie digest. today i will show you a science fiction, mystery thriller film from 2013 titled coherence. spoilers alert, watch out and take care. eight friends living in northern california reunite for a dinner party being held at the home of spouses mike and lee, on the night of the passing of miller's comment. the film starts with emily driving and talking to her boyfriend, kevin. kevin asks emily if she wants to come with him on his business trip to vietnam, and she doesn't say yes. the conversation gets cut due to the loss of mobile phone signal. after this, her phone cracks. in the kitchen, we can see beth, lee and mike mixing up the oil with the salad. the doorbell rings and emily enters the room. emily tells them that she was talking to kevin when the line was cut in the phone cracked. she mentioned that the news was talking about the comet, and they keep telling people that this can happen. beth signals something to mike, and he catches on beth asked emily if amir mentioned that he is bringing lori to dinner. she said, no, laurie is kevin's ex-girlfriend. to clear out some air. beth says she has these drops, which is a concoction of her own. it's a powerful mix of chemicals with a little horse tranquilizer in it. she uses it to take the edge off. meanwhile, the doorbell rings, and hugh and kevin enter. lee pulls out a roast from the oven, while the rest are all chatting during dinner, miller's comet is passing over. everyone reaches mike's only's place in the diner room. everyone is sitting around the table and laughing. kevin pulls out his phone, only to discover that no one has a signal on their mobile phones and there is no internet at home. emily mentions an older comet event where it affected the people. she said, after it passed, they would get lost. they would end up in the wrong home. they would forget things. they really wouldn't know where they were. they all listen attentively while emily tells another story. she reads about this one woman who called the police and said, the man in my house is not my husband. and then the police came over and they said, this is your husband? she said, no, this is not my husband. i killed my husband yesterday the woman said, that's how i know it's not him. but they couldn't arrest her because he was standing right there next to them. a power outage occurs. the hosts have some glow sticks that they use for light, and they decide to use the blue glow sticks. everyone goes outside and sees the entire neighborhood has gone dark, except for one house that still has power. when they go back inside, they notice a broken glass that no one remembers damaging. hugh mentions that his brother asks him to call if anything strange happens. as the comet passes over, since no one has phones, hugh and emir go to the other house to ask to use their phone. emily explains that the previous time the comet passed over the earth, it was much further away, there were no noted strange events that happened. she also talks about the tunguska event, when a meteoroid entered the atmosphere over siberia. the explosion caused trees to get flattened over two thousand square kilometers, but there were no human casualties. suddenly, they hear heavy knocking on the side door. there is no one at the door, and it's been 10 minutes since you and amir have left. mike gets the generator running and the power returns. a few minutes later, hugh and amir are back. both have wounds on their faces and are carrying a box, which turns out to contain a ping pong paddle and photographs of everyone, including one of a mirror that could only have been taken that night, with numbers written on the backs. hugh, deeply upset, reveals that he looked into the other house and saw a dinner party set for eight people. he wants to go back to the other house, see if anyone answers, and if not, leave a note. so hugh decides to write a note to leave at the other house. when they notice a man approaching, freaking them out, but he quickly leaves. when they investigate, they find the same note that they have written already, pinned onto their door on a notepad. emily writes down the numbers from the box, looking for a pattern, but they can't find one. amir notes that his picture is from tonight. he said he has bought the sweater from the picture today. amir is looking at the camera, but doesn't remember being snapped. emily feels that the numbers behind the picks are her handwriting. mike suggests all of them should go to the other house to check if their doubles are there. emily, kevin, mike and lori decide to go to the other house to see what's happening. they go over to the other house. mike says it's his house. he sees lee, and they sneak out. on the other side of the road, they encounter a group of what appear to be exact doubles, of them carrying red glow sticks rather than blue. after catching sight of each other, both groups panic and run in different directions. emily's group explains to the others that they met copies of themselves, except the copies were wearing red glow sticks instead of their blue glow sticks. the group talks about the weird dark zone they pass. hugh goes to his car to retrieve a book belonging to his physicist brother, containing lecture notes about the concept of quantum decoherence. after reading those notes, they deduce that the comet has created a split reality, and that one of the realities will collapse when the comet passes. they argue about how to deal with the other house and consider stealing the book from the other hugh's car to prevent their doubles from acquiring the same knowledge. mike goes nuts. wants to go over to the other house and kill the doubles. he feels he will die when the collapse of realities happens. mike is freaked out, because if he's suggesting that they should kill the people in the other house, his double is plotting the same thing. and if the mic in the other house is drinking, then he's a dangerous mike. eventually, mike decides to blackmail the other house's mike to prevent them from getting the lecture notes. mike has a private conversation with kevin. mike has a secret with beth that he plans to use on his double in the other house. using that secret, he wants to blackmail his other self from getting that book from the car. the secret is mike sleeping with beth. 12 years back, mike leaves, despite kevin trying to stop him. lee was sleeping because beth gives her the drops. emily asks if beth put any of the drops in the food. this is to check if they were all hallucinating. in their previous party, when they did mushrooms, beth put some in the spaghetti sauce, but that was a group decision. the group breaks into a discussion if the drops will cause hallucinations. beth and hugh argue that even if they took a whole bottle each, they couldn't have a mass hallucination like this. hugh and emir realize that they are from the house with red glow sticks. they take the box and go back to the other house. while this is happening, mike returns. mike tells kevin that he has dropped off the blackmail letter as planned. kevin says mike was gone five minutes, but mike says he was gone 45 minutes. the group then realizes that hugh and amir are gone, and they are probably from the other house. laurie says that you and amir were the first to leave and have been acting strange ever since. so she suggests that they were not their hugh and emir. kevin decides to leave to get them back, but emily says no and stops him. lee and beth are talking. lee mentions mike's drinking problem. meanwhile, in the hallway, kevin and laurie meet, and lori kisses kevin. kevin asked her to stop. unfortunately, beth sees them. beth hansen, what happened to emily? emily and kevin talk, and she brings up lori in the hallway, but kevin dismisses beth's claims the power goes again. this time the generator goes bust. hearing a noise outside, they go to investigate, where they see that hugh's car window has been smashed. while outside, emily goes to check her car and retrieves a ring that kevin gave her from the glove compartment of her car. she meets kevin near her car and asks if they are okay, and kevin says yes, and that laurie means nothing. but when she asks about hugh's car and if anything was taken, kevin doesn't know what she's talking about. emily and kevin realize this. they go their way, and emily returns to the house. the rest of them and kevin are there. she then shows this kevin the ring. suddenly they notice someone is coming. hugh and emir, carrying blue glow sticks, return. they start narrating their story, and there's a mention that hugh has a different band-aid. they say that they were in a house where everyone had red glow sticks. hugh brings up the note he writes. he says that in the other house too, they ended up with two notes. the group finally begins to realize that since both houses ended up with two notes, that makes a total of four notes. and this could mean there are multiple houses and not just two. the group then surmises that an area of dense darkness outside will send anyone who passes through it to a different reality's house. the group decides to put a random marker in front of their house. to make their marker unique, they decide to place a randomly chosen object and photos of themselves in a box with numbers obtained from dice rolls written on the backs. amir doesn't have a picture, so they take one. amir mentions that the other house took a picture of him too, but that looked different. they check how their new numbers compare to the numbers from the other house's box, which they wrote on the notepad earlier. emily checks that notebook. she asks everyone for their earlier number behind their photos, and they give it to her. emily realizes that the numbers written on this notepad aren't the same number she wrote on the notepad earlier. emily tells mike that she remembers the number series she earlier wrote down. however, the number series she remembers doesn't match what is already in the notebook. she finds that lee and beth are the only ones whose memory matches what's written on the notepad because they're the only ones who haven't left the house since they wrote the numbers on the notepad. kevin and laurie are the only ones whose memory matches emily's memory, since they're the only ones who have traveled with her the whole time. also, she mentions how hugh's phone isn't broken, and hence, you and amir are from a different house. she then puts forward a theory, when they cross over to the dark zone, they get thrown randomly to reality like a ball in a roulette wheel, and that she and mike need to go back and find their original reality before the comet passes, else they will be stuck in the wrong reality forever. mike says that if it is random, there is no way to get back to their original house. mike remembers the fourth set of numbers since he switched realities, when he went to blackmail himself. there is a knock on the door and a note appears. the situation deteriorates further when a note meant to blackmail mike into keeping the others away from the book arrives, revealing an adulterously is on between him and beth. hugh gets pissed off. mike now brings up the fact that they are all from different realities. hugh gets aggravated and punches mike. mike sits up and is talking to emily. he says he's made his set of bad decisions and is now stuck in this reality. suddenly, another mic with a green glow stick enters the house. this mic punches the current mic and leaves mike's knockdown. beth gets tensed and has a nose bleed. it drips on laurie. lori freaks out, as she can't stand blood. kevin comforts the shake and lorry emily opens the door to see a note. hughes note. this note means another hugh and amir have come to the door and gone. emily gets frustrated and leaves. she wanders from one reality to another. she looks through several different houses, finding several where things are even worse. she eventually comes across a house in which no one seems aware of the split, and where emily is happy and secure in her relationship with kevin. in this reality, they have never had any of the power cuts. no power cut in the night means this group never left the house. the group is intact, and hence, are having a normal evening. she then plans to replace this reality's emily. emily sneaks into this house. she picks up best drops. she destroys a car window to lure the group outside. she waits until her double comes to her car to retrieve kevin's ring, then ambushes her and shuts her inside the car. she returns to the house and joins a pleasant conversation with the others. because emily was missing for a while, and they asked emily where she was. she gives an excuse, saying she was watching the comment. so the rest of them decide to step out to watch the comment. they watch the comment, but get back in. suddenly emily notices that her double has crawled back inside, forcing emily to subdue her again and hide her body in the bathtub. during the struggle, she loses her ring from kevin, so she takes the ring from the devil's finger. she then heads to the living room and faints. she wakes up the next morning on the sofa. lee is preparing breakfast. beth is getting done with the shower. emily's unconscious body is not in the bathroom. she is unable to find her double, and everything seems fine. she searches outside and runs into kevin. he gives her the ring and says he found it in the bathroom. emily has two rings now. when kevin's phone rings, it shows emily to be calling him. while answering the call, he gives a suspicious look towards emily. emily stares mutely, and she and kevin look expressionlessly one another as the filmettes explaining the ending of coherence. the reality that the original emily is in now will permanently have two emilies in it. what happens here or in the other realities is no longer part of the coherence movie. however, we can speculate. the coherence ending shows us that the original reality will have an emily who has gone missing. the reality we are shown in the ending will have two emilies, and this will be the case of an identity crisis for them. the original emily will not be able to live happily in that reality because the other emily is going to fight to take her identity back. when it comes to cross questions, the original emily will have gaps in the events of the reality as they would have happened differently from the original reality. we don't know how things will pan out. perhaps she would have been better off in her own reality. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 