this recap brought to you by Nord VPN. stay tuned at the end of the video for more information and a great special offer. welcome to the man of recaps. this is all seven seasons of arrow leading up to the eighth and final season. five years ago, billionaire Oliver Queen's yacht sunk in the South China Sea, and he spent five years trapped on an island before being rescued. now he's home in Starling city. after a shave and a shower. oh, that's why people like this show. he takes one of his companies abandoned warehouses and builds a nightclub there as a cover. but in the basement, he's built an epic CrossFit gym. he does spend five minutes of any episode working out, and it's also his superhero secret hideout. he's come back from the island incredibly good at archery. what happened on that island? you'll be asking yourself that for seven seasons, every episode there's a few minutes of a flashback that reveals the mystery little by little. but the first thing we learn is Oliver's got this notebook with a list of names in it his father gave it to him like, hey, these are all bad people. you need to survive and get home to save the city. then he shoots himself. so Oliver has enough food and water to survive. so Oliver dons the hood and roughs up bad guys. real mujer. he's basically Batman mixed with Hawkeye. he's got a little sister, Thea, a best friend, Tommy Merlyn. but the person he's most excited to see is his girlfriend, Laurel, ex-girlfriend, because she thought he was dead for five years. also, she's not happy to see him because on the yacht, he took her sister, who he was cheating on her with, and she died in the crash. so laurels doubly mad at him. laurels dad, detective Lance, hates Oliver too and is chasing down the vigilante. but arrows always one step ahead and gets him the evidence he needs. Oliver's got a new bodyguard, John Diggle, ex Special Forces, great guy. it's like, hey, man, you can handle yourself. I could use a sidekick. diggle's like, yo, never call me a sidekick. but he joins the team. one day, Master Assassin, dead shots in town. they help him find Deadshot. and he gets his computer and he takes it to Felicity Smoak. she's a computer genius working at Queen consolidated. he comes to her with tech stuff and increasingly flimsy excuses for why there's bullet holes. pretty soon she joins team arrow officially. it's difficult for her to get work done with all of her working out non-stop. this would be a hostile work environment, if he wasn't so damn hot. he lives in a mansion with his mom, Queen. turns out she's working with the bad guy. he is Malcolm Merlyn, Tommy Merlin's dad. so Merlyn sends out his own Archer with black arrows. they have a bow and arrow battle. who is this guy? turns out it's Malcolm Merlyn himself. but arrow bugged the office, and here's everything he now knows. Merlin's the bad guy. his mom's in on it. and turns out the yacht sank. he wasn't an accident. his dad tried to stop the undertaking, so Merlyn put a bomb on it. that's a good Segway as any to recap season one. of the island Oliver met an old Asian man. their Yao Fei, who helped him survive at the beginning. but Oliver got captured by a mercenary group. Oliver escapes and finds the crashed plane, where he meets Slade Wilson. Slade is a badass Australian Special Forces dude, so he starts teaching all of her sword fighting. and they bust into the camp. he kills his old partner, and they rescue Yao Fei and daughter. her name is shadow, and she teaches Oliver archery, starting with slapping bowl of water to make your hands strong enough. anyway, they're all captured again, and we learned fires mission is to start a war by shooting down a passenger plane. Oliver escapes just in time to reprogram the missile missed the plane and blow up the whole mercenary camp. it comes down to a final arrow shot foreshadows life, and Oliver makes it. yeah, they're still trapped on the island, though. so back in the present, Oliver baked kidnaps himself, with diggle's help, to get his mom to spill the beans about the undertaking. turns out they're going to level the glades, the bad part of town, with an earthquake machine. Merlin's wife was killed there in a mugging, so now he's deranged. they meet on the roof for a final archery battle, and he does the trick from the first Avengers, where he hits him with an explosive arrow, stabs Merlyn through his own shoulder. and Merlyn is dead. or is he? they find the earthquake machine and managed to disarm it. but there was a second one. oh no. the glades is getting earth quaked. Laurel lands up trapped under some rubble, but Tommy Merlyn comes to save her. there's been a whole huff triangle thing because she and Oliver still love each other, but she's been dating Tommy. but at the end she had Oliver get back together. it's Tommy who saves her now, though. but then who he's trapped under rubble, and he's got a thing through the heart. bow and arrow can't fix this. Oliver's best friend dies in his arms at the end of si one, the arrow failed to save Starling city and the glades was leveled by Malcolm merlyn's earthquake machine. last season, they just called him the vigilante, but now he's officially named the arrow, and he's got an awesome new grappling-hook arrow rush the love of his life, Laurel Lance, ends things between them. in fact, Laurel blames the arrow for Tommy's death. she sets him up in a trap and gets the cops to capture him. things look bad for our hero. but what's this? a girl superhero with a sonic emitter thing. she helps Oliver escape. who is this girl? well, she's wearing a blonde wig to cover up her blonde hair. it's Sara Lance, laurels sister that all of her cheated on her with, took her on the yacht and we thought she drowned. so these two start hooking up again. but Sara's being hunted by the League of Assassins. at some point she joined them. that's where she learned to fight. but she quit without permission, so they're here to take her back or kill her. now over the season, there's a ton of random villains, but the most important subplot involves all of his partner, John Diggle, and the Suicide Squad. Amanda Waller is the head of Argus, a super-secret spy agency. tickles ex-wife Lyla works for them, and one day, she's captured in Russia. he's got to go save her with help from his arch nemesis, Deadshot. that just the hit man that killed diggle's brother. but they've got to work together to escape. and dick and Lyla are back together for good. now, remember, all of her secret hideout is under his nightclub, verdant. his sister, Thea queen, is running it now. and she's still dating Roy, the guy who stole her purse in season one. he turned out to be super hot, though, so they ended up dating. he's renounced his criminal ways. he wants to be a vigilante now. so the arrow takes him under his wing, and Roy officially joins team arrow. now it's time for the trial of Oliver. his mother, Moira queen. she's miraculously found not guilty because the jury was paid by Malcolm Merlyn. she's like, how are you alive? we saw you die last season. he's like, yo, no one ever really dies on the show. and he drops a crazy truth bomb. turns out these two had an affair, and he's Thea's real father. now, Moira queen is also running for mayor, and one of her donors his mother. effing Slade Wilson, how did this happen? it's time for an island flashback. remember Slade was on the island with Oliver. they became best friends. yaow. phase daughter. shadow was with them too. she and oliver eventually started hooking up, which was sad, because Slade was in love with her. turns out, Sara survived the yacht sinking and was picked up by this random prison ship. the prison boat captain is dr. Ivo. he's searching for the world war two Japanese Super Soldier Serum mirakuru. long story short, Oliver and Sara escape, and they get their first find, the mirakuru. and with the prison ship bombed their camp. Slade was grievously injured. they injected him with the mirakuru, hoping to save his life, but it seems like it didn't work. so I will capture them. and was real mad. he's like, hey, I'm gonna kill either shadow or Sara. Oliver, you choose. when push came to shove, Oliver jumped in front of Sara, so I vote and killed shado. but Slade woke up. the mirakuru worked. not only healed him, but it gave him super-strength. and he's real mad about shadows death. he finds Ivo, who explains how shado died, and convinces Slade it was Oliver's fault. but in the end, it's a fight to the death between Slade and Oliver, and Oliver manages to stab him through the eye. apparently, though, Slade survived, and things are awkward between them. Slade's like, I'm not gonna kill you a kid, not till he's taken away everything, all of her loves. finally, though, he captures Oliver and reenact the shadow death scene. makes Oliver choose between his mother and his sister. but Marvin makes the choice. forum she's like, please, don't hurt my children. and Slade kills her. uh. Oliver's mom dead. Slade's official supervillain name, by the way, is Deathstroke. they're using Slade's mirakuru blood to create an army of super soldiers. then it's the final showdown between team arrow and the mirakuru man. boom-boom, arrows everywhere. they actually managed not to kill anyone. they have like a million antidotes, and in the end, the good guys won. season 3 begins with team arrow kickin, but Oliver Queen still the arrow. and Roy's wearing red. they call him Arsenal. John diggle's run in support. and of course, Felicity Smoak on the computer. the Black Canary comes back to town, laurels sister, Sara Lance. but she sees someone unexpected, and, Oh, gets shot with arrows off the building. she is all the way dead. then this al Ghul comes in. she was Sara's friend slash lover in the League of Assassins. she has a suspect in mind, Malcolm Merlyn. yeah, that's right. he's still alive. Malcolm Merlyn confesses he does know who killed Sara, because it's all of her sister, Thea. he's been teaching her to fight, and she's come a long way in a very short period of time. Malcolm made her do it with a brainwashed drug because the League of Assassins was after him. so he's hoping that now they'll be after her, and Oliver will challenge them to a duel to save his sister, thereby also clearing Malcolm's name. a very convoluted plan. but long story short, Oliver either kills Ra's al Ghul or dies. either way, Malcolm's happy. so Oliver meets Ra's al Ghul, the demons, head leader of the League of Assassins. he lies and confesses to Sara's murder and demands a trial by combat. bat boom, shirtless, mountain top sword fight. but Roz has Oliver way outclassed. he stops him right in the chest and kicks him off the mountain. oh my god, yeah, Oliver is definitely all the way dead, right? nope, he's back to life. hey. Jon snowed him, and they never really explained it, except that he was drinking some tea, like, that's some really good tea. back in Starling city, Merlyn gives team arrow the bad news that Oliver's probably dead. but there's no time to mourn. a new crime boss has risen up. he's this British guy, brick. team arrows gotta take him down without all of her but with Laurel Lance taken up her sister's mantle of the Black Canary. long story short, team arrow rallies the city behind them, and it's a giant street fight. and Oliver gets back to town just in time to be like, well, guess you didn't need me. so the League of Assassins is still after Merlyn and now Oliver. Oliver finally brings Thea in on the secret, I'm the arrow. she's like, oh, that explains so much. eventually, though, Oliver is captured by the league. but Roz doesn't want to kill him. he wants Oliver to take his place and become the next Ra's al Ghul. what? but Oliver has no interest in giving up his life to lead an assassin's guilds to ruin all of his life and force his hand, ra's dresses up as the arrow and shoots the mayor. so the cops are hunting team arrow for reals. and Oliver has no choice but to turn himself in. except while he's in custody, the arrow shows up to turn himself in. it's Roy Harper pretending to be the arrow. they faked his death in order to take the heat off of Oliver. so Ra's al Ghul goes to plan B, which is to kill Thea. this forces all of his hand in exchange for joining the league in becoming Ra's al Ghul, they'll put her in the magic hot tub and, boom, they'll back to life. felicity tries to talk Oliver out of it with Capel. oliver's happening. these two get in Han. but in the end, Oliver has no choice, and he joins the League of Assassins. Roz wants all of her to take the Omega super virus and destroy Starling city. Oliver's actually seen this virus before. it's time for an island flashback, except this time we're not on Lian Yu. we're on the island of Hong Kong. at the end of last season, Amanda Waller of Argus rescued him from the shipwreck. she was watching the island and is impressed with his skills. and as Oliver Queen's already dead, he makes a perfect black ops spy. so he does some Mission Impossible stuff, though he's no Tom Cruise quite yet. his partner here was this guy, Masao, with his wife, Tatsu and their kid. he was hunting the triad leader with the white hair. she had the virus back then, and long story short, Halloran Masayo caught it from her. this u.s. generals like, Congrats, son, you saved the world. but turns out he's a bad guy. wants to deploy the virus. so Oliver puts a stop to that, but not before one vile guy released kills a bunch of people, including Masayo, Tasha's son. this made Masayo so sad, he left his wife enjoying the League of Assassins. and Oliver was also sad. he tortures this general to death, embracing his inner darkness back in the president, turns out Oliver is not really brainwashed. he's secretly working with Malcolm Merlyn. so Merlyn brings the team over to stop the super virus that Oliver has his final sword fight with Ra's al Ghul. boom, epic sword fight. but this time Oliver beats him. yeah, of course, that's what Roz wanted. hands over the ring and dies. now Oliver's the Ra's al Ghul, but Oliver still doesn't want it. he made a deal to give it to Malcolm Merlyn. hopefully that doesn't come back to bite him. then Oliver's like, hey, team arrow, you guys are great. you don't need me anymore. I'm gonna retire. and he confesses his love to Felicity. season 4 begins with Oliver Queen retired. he's with felicity. now, some people call them olicity, but I only say full Oliver. he's left the city in good hands, specifically his ex-girlfriend and little sisters. and John Diggle has finally given in and gotten a superhero name. he's sparked in. but there's a new gang in town called the ghost and they have team arrow outgunned. their leader is damian darhk--. he's half friendly businessman in half scary mob boss. so full Oliver leaves their life of suburban bliss and heads back to Starling city, or star city. now. anyway, it's time for all to suit up. this time he's leaving the sleeves behind. now remember last season, the arrow was wanted. it's so Roy put on the arrow suit and faked his death to take the heat off Oliver. so even though Oliver's wearing the exact same outfit, minus the sleeves, he's pretending to be a totally new superhero. arrow. yeah, but no one's buying it. anyway, the green arrow fights damian darhk--. but damien darhk's got magic. that's gonna be a problem. but first, Thea queen is overly violent these days. it's probably pit fever, a side effect of being resurrected by the Lazarus. Pit laurels like wait a second. you're telling me the League of Assassins has a magic jacuzzi that can bring people back to life. why haven't we use this on my sister Sarah yet? and it works. Sarah's back to life. it's gonna be awkward having two black Canary's. now. luckily, Sarah's not sticking around, cuz it leads into a new spin-off show, legends of tomorrow. back to Star City. anyone running for mayor gets shot at cuz damian darhk--. doesn't want a mayor. Oliver has to keep saving him. so he figures cut out the middleman. he runs for mayor himself. so when Oliver proposes to felicity, dark sends his men to shoot up the limo. no, no, Felicity's hit. felicity is paralyzed. she's in a wheelchair now. luckily, her super power is sitting at a computer. so they install a ramp and we're good to go. Thea's pit fever is getting worse. the only way she can stop it is by killing people. and she doesn't want to do that, so she might die. but Nyssa comes with an option. she's got some sort of magic healing potion. but she'll only help if Malcolm Merlyn gives her control of the League of Assassins. so they're gonna fight for it. but Oliver fights Malcolm Merlyn in her place, and he cuts off his hands to get the demon head ring. Sophia gets cured, and Nyssa realizes the League of Assassins is kind of evil, so she disbands it. Merlyn is pissed at all her now, so he joins up with damian darhk--. he tells dark an epic secret. Oliver has a son. yeah, he only just found out too. it's a random girl he knocked up in college that his mom paid to cover it up and move away. so dark kidnaps all of her son. Oliver calls in a superhero friend, vixen. she steals darks magic totem. turns out that's what gives him his powers. so when she destroys it, he's vulnerable, and arrow takes him down. but Felicity feels better that Oliver didn't tell her about his son, so betrayed that she calls off the engagement. full Oliver knew then, just then, she can walk again. it's a miracle, actually, no, it's science. she's got an employee at Palmer tech, this brilliant guy, Curtis. she comes to him sometimes with team arrow stuff and flimsy explanations, just like Oliver did to her back in season one. anyway, he invented some sort of spinal implant that's letting her walk again. now darts magic Idol. Oliver is actually seen before. that's right, it's time for an island flashback. this season, it's a true Island flashback. Argus's next mission for secret agent Oliver sends him back to Lian Yu. he's here to take down a group of bad guys who are growing drugs or something, led by Baron Reiter. he pretends to join them, but when he's supposed to kill this one girl, he lets her go cuz he's a good guy. they eventually realize he's a spy and whip him for a while. but Constantine gave Oliver a magic tattoo that Baron Rider needs to enter the secret cave. that's the reason he's here. and inside is damien darhk's idol. it's powered by killing people and drawing their strength to give you magic powers. long story short, oliver in the girl escaped, but she takes the idol, it gives her magic powers, so she's able to take down rider, but it's making her evil. so she's like, Oliver, you have to kill me now, darks organization is called hive, which is the group that Deadshot told John Diggle kills his brother. but one day they capture a hive guy, and it is John diggle's brother. yeah, they didn't kill him. they recruited him. diggle's real mad. but turns out hive uses brainwashing pills to control their people. so when it wears off, Diggle starts to trust his brother again. so when darks breaking out of prison, team arrow brings little Diggle with him, and he betrays them. yeah, he wasn't brainwashed. he's just a bad guy. so with the missing piece, darks got his magic powers back, and he uses them to kill Laurel Lance snow, Laurel, you can't die. no one ever really dies on the show, except Laurel does. this is actually good news for Quentin Lance cuz he does his best acting when one of his daughters dies. that's why they haven't happened at least once a season. then dark goes to John diggle's wife, Lian, Lian takes her Argus implant. by the way, Amanda Waller was killed earlier this season, so Lila's the new head of Argus. so digs with her brother, crossed a line going after John's family, and John kills him. he feels emo about it for a while. somehow, the Argus implant gives dark access to all the world's new clear weapons. his evil master plan is project Genesis. he's gonna nuke the world and ride it out in this giant underground city he's made. green arrow finds darks underground city, and, long story short, blows it up. but now it's the final battle with Damian. dark and his magics gonna kick Oliver's butt. but Star City rises up to help him. so dark brings all his minions and there's a big city brawl. I feel like this exact scene happens in every seasons, and yet, all of her defeats damian. darhk--. he doesn't kill people anymore, but he makes an exception and kills him. dark defeated. in season 5, Oliver Queen is now the mayor of Star City, but at night he still puts on the hood and beats up bad guys team arrow is now just him in Felicity, who finally gets her own superhero name. overwatch. his sister, Thea's done with the vigilante life. and John Diggle quit - to rejoin the army. for some reason. there's a couple new vigilantes in town that team arrow could recruit. so meet the new team arrow Renee Ramirez, his wild dog. he's the renegade that doesn't follow orders. you remember Curtis. he's already half on team arrow, helping Felicity with computer stuff. but now he goes out in the field as mr. terrific. pretty soon John Diggle comes back. there's a corrupt general tried to frame him for stuff, and Oliver's gotta break him out of prison. it's a whole thing. and also coming back is Laurel Lance. I told you, no one stays dead on this show. apparently she was rescued by the legends of tomorrow, cuz they're doing all sorts of time-travel stuff. but turns out the truth is even crazier. she's the supervillain, black siren. laurels evil doppelganger from the parallel earth - you can blame the flash for that one. he gets into all sorts of multiverse shenanigans. in any case, evil Laurel makes it clear that she's bad to the bone. no chance of a Redemption arc, at least not till next season. now there is a girl on this earth who got the Black Canary screen power. it's badass ex-cop, Dinah Drake. long story short, the arrow recruits her, and they've got a new Black Canary. so Oliver gets all these new recruits trained up, and now team arrow is pretty huge. but turns out the real villain this season is Prometheus. the cleaner is mine. his beef with the arrow is personal. his father was one of the corrupt businessmen that Oliver killed in season 1. eventually, we learned from me theses identity. he's new district attorney Adrian chase, who's actually been friends with all of her she's captures all of her and tortures him for a bit. he doesn't want to kill him. he wants to break him. so he makes Oliver admit to himself that he enjoys killing. so now, feeling totally broken all of her, disbands team arrow and turns to an old friend, Anatoly of the Bratva. we learned Oliver was part of the Russian mob back in season one. how the heck did that happen? anyway, it's time for an island flashback. last season, he promised this girl that he would save her village by killing some bad guy. so this season's Island flashbacks takes place in Russia. Oliver meets up with his Russian best friend, Anatoly, who he met on the prison ship back on season 2. long story short, Anatoly batches for him, and all of her joins the Bratva. the guy he needs to kill is Konstantin Kovar, played by Dolph Lundgren. but turns out this one profit captain is working for Kovar. so Oliver finds himself in the middle of a Bratva civil war. but now Oliver is fully Jason Bourne John wick badass. takes out all the guys. sometimes, while wearing the hood Cobar almost gasps is the Russian government and takes over, but Oliver puts a stop to that and kills him. so now Oliver is finally ready to go home. he is in a totally drop him off back on Lian Yu. he's gonna pretend he was shipwrecked. here the whole time instead of being a super spy. and so finally, the island flashbacks have caught up to season 1. meanwhile, Felicity makes a new friend. it's a young hacktivist, just like she was. she's part of a super hacker group called helix, and she'll help Felicity get Prometheus in exchange for Felicity helping helix rescue their leader, Kayden James. more on him next season. and so they find the evidence they need to put Adrian chase away. but turns out that's all part of his plan. his friends on the outside kidnap all of all of his friends, including his son William. so to keep them safe, Oliver's gotta break Adrian out of prison and let him get away. now, anytime Thea's in danger, you know who shows up? it's Malcolm Merlyn. and they fly off for the final showdown on Lian Yu. Oliver recruits another old enemy here, mother-effing Slade Wilson. he's had a long time now to sober up from his mirakuru madness. he apologizes for killing all of his mom and stuff. so Slade Wilson's a good guy again. together they rescue all of his friends. he has a complicated relationship with her father. she mostly hates him cuz he's evil. but when she steps on a landmine, Merlyn knocks her off and takes her place. he stays behind so they can get away, and blows himself up. no, Merlyn, yeah, don't cry. I don't believe for one second that he's gonna stay dead. if nothing else, he can always cameo on legends of tomorrow. now, prometheus is crazy. his whole thing is that he wants all of her to kill him, to prove that he's a killer. but he's rigged explosives to go off when he dies, covering the entire island. so Oliver has to choose between all of his friends and family or the son that he barely knows, a difficult dilemma, to be sure. but Oliver cheats by shooting from atheists in the foot. smart move. that would have worked. but Prometheus shoots himself and boom, all the way and you explodes, killing everyone on the show. luckily though, most people did survive. in fact, the only death is Oliver's baby mama. so he's suddenly a single dad. by the way. full Oliver is back on in fact, they get married. this season, Oliver wants to spend more time with his family, so he retires and passes the hood to John Diggle. the Green Arrow problem is Diggs not much of an archer, so they make him a sweet crossbow that's close enough to a gun. he's very good with it. and now it's time for this season's villains, super hacker, Caden James. Oliver suits back up to take him down, but he's recruited a whole squad of super villains. one of the villains on the Kidd and James squad is vigilante, who we met last season. but turns out Dinah Drake knows him. it's her murdered former partner slash loner. turns out he's a good guy, working to take James down from the inside. so these two are romancing again, but he soon gets caught and also working for Katie. James is evil or all. the black siren Dinah watches helplessly as she yells into his head, exploding his brain. now, Kate and James is doing all this because the Green Arrow killed his son. but it turns out that was faked to kid. and James realizes one of his own squad has been manipulating him. so who's the evil mastermind behind this thing? it's Ricardo Diaz. it's the dragon. he's a soft-spoken kind of guy, so no one suspected him. but he's got big plans. why destroy a city? boy, now you could take it over. he kills Kate and James, which is too bad, cuz star city's in desperate need of the 70 million dollars he ransomed they find his account, but it's already been withdrawn by evil Laurel. she almost got away on bomb night, but Dinah came for vengeance. and they had a black canary battle. Dinah ends up shooting her, but her fake father, Quentin Lance, was there, and half rescues, half kidnap sir Eva. Laurel has consistently shown that she's bad to the bone. they became Quentin's personal quest to force her Redemption. our Conor. he makes a deal with Oliver where she'll give back the money if he helps her escape the country. but before they can, new team arrow shows up, and Dinah wants her revenge. so it's a team arrow Civil War. they have an epic fight, but Oliver lays the smackdown. Eva Laurel escapes, but she comes right back pretending to be real Laurel, which is awkward. turns out someone stole the money from her stash. it was Ricardo Diaz. Green Arrow tracks him down, but can't arrest him. he's used the 70 million to buy the police department. he's also the one who's been trying to get all of her in prison. in fact, he's got a new star witness. it's Roy Harper, with her ex-boyfriend in danger. Thea queen suits back up and immediately kisses him. luckily, he's not seeing anyone. these two decide that they're in love and aren't gonna ride off into the sunset. but they're stopped by ninjas. turns out Merlyn found three new Lazarus pits via figures it's her responsibility to help take him out. so she leaves the show to do that. then it's time for Oliver Queen's trial. it's not looking good for him because, of course, the judge is bought by Diaz. but the green arrow busts in to testify. who's wearing the hood? it's Tommy Merlyn. he died, of course, at the end of season one. but his story is that he faked his death to go full time Green Arrow. but it's not really him. it's a professional face changer guy they hired. so Diaz goes to plan B, which is just murder Oliver and everyone he cares about. so Oliver makes a deal with FBI lady. the FBI comes in full force to liberate Star City, which is probably their job in the first place, right? so the cavalry busts in. Green Arrow and d\xc3\xadaz have their final rooftop battle. and at the end, it's the same old dilemma. to stop me, you're gonna have to kill me. black siren comes and is like, yeah, I'm fine with that. boom, blast of off the roof. but crazily, he survives. Quentin Lance, though, actually dies. and he had Oliver have a really emotional talk about how proud of him he is now. so I believe he might actually stay dead. then, as part of the deal Oliver made with the FBI, he's gotta turn himself in. he has a big iron man press conference. I am the green arrow. in season 7, Oliver Queen is in prison. this is not a bad thing. he actually has a lot more time to work out. now on the outside, Felicity Smoak has pink hair now. she and William are in Argus protective custody because they're hiding from Ricardo Diaz, who finds them no problem. she helps Argus track him down. but Diaz is now working with the super assassins, the longbow hunters. he hire some guys in prison to try to kill Oliver in a naked shower fight. Oliver talks to brick, the villain from season 3, in order to find out that Diaz, his contact, is the demon down on level 2. so Oliver has to stab some guards to get himself set down there. and level 2 is really awful. it's run by a crazy psychiatrist who's like doing experiments on the prisoners. finally, Oliver meets the demon. it's Talia al Ghul. she and Oliver were friends in the Russia flashback, but enemies when she was helping Prometheus. they agree to be friends again, for now, to help each other escape. Oliver steals the data, gives it to Talia, because he's gotta stay in prison if he doesn't want to be a fugitive. so she gets out, exposes the illegal experiments, and Oliver's back to his regular maximum-security prison cell. on the outside, Diaz stole some super bomb, and the teams got to shut it down, with help from the new Green Arrow. yeah, someone else has been running around the city in the hood you are filled. and with help from him, they take down Diaz. Felicity considers going darkside and killing him, but evil Laurel comes to stop her, not out of any moral qualms, but because they can use him to get a deal to get Oliver out of prison. she's trying to be not evil this season. she backslides for one episode, but all the girls have an intervention, and her Redemption arc is complete. she plans to go home to earth - and right her wrongs as the Black Canary. on the day Oliver said to be released, Diaz escapes and takes over the prison. so Oliver pulls some MacGyver and busts out of his cell, long story short, kicks his butt and is released from prison a free man. Donna Drake is the police captain now, and vigilantism is still illegal, but sometimes they need all of his help, so they make the Green Arrow an official member of the SCPD. and they send him out there with no masks, because everyone knows he's Oliver Queen now. but the cops are still hunting the new Green Arrow. no one knows who he is. in fact, it's a girl. she works out even harder than all of her she's on a mission to hunt down her mother's killer. but turns out her father is Robert Queen. yeah, she's Oliver 's half-sister. his dad had a whole secret family he abandoned. speaking of family, all the furs still got a son, William. they're constantly in danger from one bad guy or another, so they decide to send him off to live with his grandparents. but his story continues in an island. flash-forward, my father is Oliver Queen. after years of no contact, Felicity sends him to Lian Yu, where he finds Roy Harper. we never learned why Roy was here. they go back to Star City, which is now a dystopian wasteland, except for the glades, traditionally the bad neighborhood, now a really nice place. under the leadership of Mayor wild dog Rene Ramirez. they meet up with Dinah Drake, now leader of the vigilante resistance group the Canaries, one of whom is a grown-up Zoey, Rene's daughter. they also meet badass cage fighter black star, who is Felicity's daughter that has an epic theme song, if my name is MIA smoke. anyway, the kids break into an evil corporation and rescue felicity. and they have to stop a plot to blow up Star City. long story short, the kids have an epic adventure, bringing down the walls to the glades and saving the city. back in the present, arcus is hunting a supervillain financier named Dante. turns out he's the leader of the ninth circle, another ancient secret villain organization. but turns out he's working with a Maiko queen. Oliver soon finds out his half-sister is evil. so they have a sibling fight. he drops a knowledge bomb on her. turns out Dante killed her mother, so she kills him, but she doesn't turn good. turns out she was the actual leader of the ninth circle. so a miko stole some super bio weapon and is gonna use drones to spray it on the city. Oliver has a final showdown with his half sister, but instead of fighting, he convinces her to be a good guy. Emiko pulls a Darth Vader and dies having been redeemed. then Oliver blows up the old Queen consolidated building, and the city is saved, and all of her retires for good. he and felicity moved to the country because Felicity's preggers full Oliver lives happily ever after in montage form, until one night there's a random sci-fi dude in their kitchen. yeah. the big crossover event this season was Elseworlds, where they deal with a lot of multiverse stuff. long story short, Oliver made a promise that he would save the multiverse in the crisis on Infinite Earths. bad news though, it's set in stone that to save the multiverse, Oliver has to die. that's a bummer. so Oliver and Felicity say farewell as he leaves to save the multiverse. than in the future, flash-forward, Felicity says goodbye to the kids as she leaves with the monitor to and that's how a hero season 7 comes to an end. Oliver Queen puts on the hood to protect his identity. and Nord VPN can protect your internet identity these days. Internet privacy is more important than ever. you want a VPN on your side, keeping your browsing private. VPN stands for virtual private network. and it sounds real complicated, but you don't have to be Felicity Smoak to figure it out. Nord VPN makes it real easy. first things first, Nord VPN keeps your IP address totally private. this protects you from malware and hackers. and super importantly, Nord VPN has mobile apps. that's where most of my internet browsing happens. that's where you need the protection. you know what else is super cool that makes or VPN stand apart? it allows you to access region-locked content. say there's that show you want to watch on Netflix, but it's not in your country for some reason. boom, nor BBN. now you're watching. have fun. it's super easy to set up. go to Nord VPN org slash man of recaps, or use my coupon code man of recaps, for 70% off your three year plan, plus one free month. go to north VPN org slash man of recaps and start enjoying a secure, private Internet today. [Music] 