I want you to hit me as hard as you can hi I'm Luke Ryan for Joe Blow calm and welcome to movie endings explained in this episode we're going to be looking at the 90s classic and debut feature film from acclaimed director Quentin Tarantino Reservoir Dogs in 1992 Tarantino made waves in the cinema world with the release of this blood-soaked detail of a heist gone wrong there was a unique voice to the way he told this story in the presentation of the narrative in a nonlinear fashion coupled with the sheer style that he applied to it the dialogue was memorable believable and delivered by a group of very talented performers but why are we here to talk about the film's ending there's nothing to explain right well right up on Front Street maybe so as I always say with these videos however it's more an exploration than an explanation so let's discuss this film's ending and the pieces that perhaps don't slot in to a clear-cut conclusion the film focuses on a group of criminals who have been assembled to carry out the diamond heist each man is given a nondescript code name the idea being that they're all strangers and have no ties to each other the two most important players as it relates to the film's ending and in my mind the film as a whole are mr. white played by Harvey Keitel and mr. orange played by Tim Roth the story opens up with the group making conversation in a diner with Tarantino's mr. brown making a case for the meaning behind the Madonna song like a virgin and Steve Buscemi's mr. pink explaining his rationale behind tipping Jesus Christ I mean these ladies aren't starving to death and make minimum wage and I used to work minimum wage and when I did I wasn't lucky enough to have a job the society deemed tip worthy you don't care they count on your tips to live and what this is it's the world's smallest violin playing just for the waitresses we then see the crew leaving the diner in slow motion as the title card appears [Music] and cut straight into the mouth of pure chaos as mr. orange is bleeding out in the back of a car with mr. white driving and attempting to comfort him the heist went wrong horribly wrong mr. white brings mr. orange back to the meeting point in a warehouse owned by Joe Cabot the mob boss who orchestrated the job mr. pink arrives at the warehouse - and his frantic certain that they were set up while the majority of the film takes place inside the warehouse we do cut back to earlier events that flesh out the characters their relationship to Joe and Joe's son nice guy Eddie Michael Madsen's mr. blonde arrives at the warehouse with a police officer that he's kidnapped blonde apparently had murdered a few civilians during the heist which infuriates mr. white who is a crook but never wanted lives to be taken they tried to get information from the cop and mr. blonde ends up torturing him in a scene that definitely didn't stir up any controversy at all [Music] mr. blonde proceeds to douse the cop in gasoline and is about to send him up in flames when suddenly mr. orange shoots him dead and it's revealed that he is in fact an undercover cop nice guy Eddie arrives kills the cop and accuses mr. orange of being the mole mr. white sure that mr. orange is not a cop defends him and tensions reach a boiling point Joe then turns up and the remaining men end up in a Mexican standoff the resulting gunshots and who shot who has been dissected and discussed for decades but I'll leave that particular analysis up to you and to the left and to the left mr. pink who was hiding quickly leaves with the diamonds one of the elements of this ending that was discussed a lot over the years was the fate of mr. pink as he is seemingly the only one who gets out alive listen carefully during this final scene of the film and you can hear in the background mr. pink get into his car and after a few false starts manages to drive off before the sirens ring out the police arrive and arrest him so mr. pink does survive but would no doubt go to jail for his crimes as for mr. white and mr. orange they're both left together in this final moment [Music] after vehemently defending mr. orange being a mole an undercover cop who had set them all up mr. white is heartbroken to learn that he placed all of his trust in a traitor the relationship that forms between the two of them is certainly the most interesting and ultimately explosive of the entire film they bond very firmly after the heist goes wrong and even though they're complete strangers mr. white feels so badly for this kid who is dying right in front of him they're charged conversations as oranges in a blind panic feeling like he was going to die gave mr. white every ounce of trust he felt like he needed to believe the orange was not the traitor no but you're wrong like hell I am Joe trust me on this you've made a mistake we're all real emotional but you're barking up the wrong tree I know this man he wouldn't do that you don't know jack-shit i do-- at the end when he learns the truth white says nothing he wails and places his gun on oranges face but he doesn't pull the trigger straight away filled with an and regrets the police burst in through the door and order him to put his gun down we zoom in closer that we don't see orange or the gun and gunfire rings out sending whites out of frame so what happened did he kill orange and then get shot by the police or could he not bring himself to do it and got shot anyway the bigger question I think is why orange would even tell mr. white this he surely would know that this information would break mr. white and no doubt lead to him shooting orange out of anger I think the most likely answer is the orange truly did grow to respect mr. white as a man at this point mr. orange has been shot multiple times and has been bleeding out for a fair amount of time maybe he just thought too much of mr. white to continue lying to him at the very end of his life the only solace he could take and how badly he had ended up dying in this criminals arms was to be honest and apologized to white for having placed his trust in the wrong person as for the final beat did white shoe orange or did he hold back unable to actually do it now there is one gunshot in which White's body slightly moves but he shows no pain then there's a second in which he moves out of shots I think it's pretty safe to say that he shot mr. orange and was then gunned down by the police you hear the police pleading with him to put the gun down which also indicates they weren't going to open fire unless he made a move pulling the trigger and shooting mr. orange would have been that move it ended for mr. white and mr. orange in the same way ended for the majority of the crew by the close of the story with them both dead and riddled with bullets all victim of one bad day destroying everything Reservoir Dogs is a grisly tale of pride respect friendship trust and ultimately tragedy [Music] you 