i'm alice bruce. never stopped looking for your sister's body? guy had the best tech on the planet. why didn't he find her? kate, hey dad, it's mary. sophie's missing. help. who the hell are you? i'm alice. i am not used to being found. pick one, commander, sophie or gotham. why are you doing this? clever girl. let's take a picture back. make sure necklaces are in it. beth castle and hamilton's investigators found bones, skull fragments on those little girl, it's bad. seriously. kate, you can't be going out and got them every night, pretending to be batman. my father gave up on me, and i want to make him suffer the way that i did. i think alice is beth. i know that you want to believe that beth is alive. i do too. but facts are facts. so you're into me, you would know. i'll call you then. that's like that or king of the crows. can't even protect your own nest. how'd you get in my house? i found bone fragments, skull fragments, matching beth's dna. she's your daughter. what the hell do you want? you're gonna tell me everything you know about alice. you're making this personal. alice, it is personal. you're not, batman, that's the point. alice is looking for a mouse. she's big plans for him. has gone down down the rabbit hole and she's never coming batman, how about we don't get expelled a week before graduation? what he chipped him? he laid me to alice. i figure out who mouse is. i need this school, okay? i want to be here, but they don't want you. maybe it's best we just kept your distance from now, i never understood why you stopped looking for me. i always thought a father would do anything to find his daughter. i know you love me. tell me that i'm wrong, and i will walk away and let you make the biggest mistake of your life. you're wrong. king, is this you? it wasn't me. it's my daddy. i'm telling the knife. you give up on me. so what is she doing with herself? so are you on this assignment to keep tabs on me? or i have a gift for you too. now that we are together again, i can help you become anyone you want to be. are we mad? i'm afraid so. dad, you never would have moved on. if you didn't think that beth were dead, i paid the dna analyst to write the report. get away from me. tassel. me a perfect match for dean devroe. hon you agree. mr devon, i wanted to kill you, i wouldn't have to wait for you to be wearing this suit. your concern for me is so touching. dear sister. so kate is bad woman. tyler, this is kate. you're married? no, i'm daddy. katherine seems to think so. as hard as i have tried to get over you, i can't. it's definitely not fair to tyler. maybe it's best if i keep my distance from now on. we are to host the most memorable mad tea party gotham has ever seen. two catherine, a most extraordinary woman. hands in the air. cane, you're under arrest. what the hell is happening? get your hands off of me to see whether it's marked poison or not. i think it would never hurt us. you know how she died, exactly the way that alice planned. you had someone impersonate him, the skin pirate. i'm gonna ask you again, kate, is alice worth it? i don't need that bomb whether this place is clear or not. who is this? isn't it obvious? she's about women. oh, why they keep on showing up to spread hope? it's because you inspired them, and now they feel abandoned. i know you're batwoman. batwoman is the same person i've looked up to my entire life. and what is it you're still missing? power? why did you kill my dad? some journal lucious was writing. what yours? just cover it up. oh, i killed cartwright. more. glad to officially be back, sir. do you know anything about this journal that tommy elliott wanted? yeah, let's just say my dad's journals weren't poems about his feelings. i broke batman's code. you think you're the only one ever wonder why the joker hasn't reared his head in five years? chief physician, i was thinking about what you said about the allure of this place, the protection, the anonymity, can make you into anyone you want. what's so special about lucious fox's journal? it's a failsafe to kill the bad [Music]. as soon as i get that journal. tommy said that this book holds the key to killing that woman. and i want her very, very dead. what do you mean it's gone? i woke up and regan was gone. and the book filled with secrets my dad died to protect. you got your book. you can trade it for your freedom, but i'm done being advanced scout for magpie dead. lucius fox wrote the entire journal in code. you did it. you know what it says. why aren't you happier about this? the book contains the secret to killing you. does the wolf have to do this. i have to stop you. you won't be able to. you'd be surprised, because the lucious fox's glasses, they unlock the coat. let luke and julia go, and they're yours. christ, kryptonite. why do you have that? it was bruce wayne's. he lost hope, and i never will keep it. and i have the courage that you'll never have to use it. go bring me tommy so he can tell me where to find a little green rock called kryptonite. that woman's in cell block d. no, please. psychotic skps are all over the city right now. thanks to you. let the serve as your warning, i see you again. it's war. i got you the journal. i helped you decode it. because of me. you know how to kill your sister. you're holding the only shard of kryptonite on the planet. bruce was holding on to it for a friend. batwoman is the reason lunatics like titan are on the street in the first place. we got it's over. alice, i'm leaving. i would never let you leave me with my little mouse. don't shoot. i'm here on behalf of that woman. i want to team up. we can take him on together. harass me. harass me for believing in someone who saves lives. you partner up. what did you do? i know the person is still inside you. i promised you war. this is what it looks like, cap fine. but if you're using it to distract me while you and everyone else are trying to take out batman, his betrayal hurt a million times more than any of those moments. that's kryptonite. i figured out how to destroy it. oh my god. no more secrets, not between us. a friend gave it to me for safekeeping in case she ever lost her away. she trusts me. deterred eagle can shoot through anything. i don't need to find something stronger. what did you do? i look like bruce. wayne doors of wayne tower, and get me that shard of kryptonite from your dear cousin. kate, you 