story recapped here. today, i'm going to show a 1990 american psychological thriller film called misery. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. famous romance novelist paul sheldon finishes his first novel after his hit series misery, featuring the character named misery chastain. he leaves his writing lodge in silver creek, colorado to submit his manuscript to his agent in new york. on the way there, paul gets caught up in a blizzard. the snow proves to be too much for him, and his 65 mustang skids off the road and traps him in a ditch. through his hazy vision, paul sees a lone figure pulling him out of the car wreck before he loses his consciousness. paul wakes up two days later and finds himself inside the house of annie wilkes. annie tells him that she's his number one fan. she also tells him how he broke both his legs and dislocated his shoulder, but he shouldn't worry, since she's a nurse. she couldn't get him to a hospital since it was too risky because of the blizzard, and she couldn't call because all the phone lines are down. she tells paul that she's read all of his misery books and asks him if she could read the last manuscript that he's written. paul happily obliges. as she feeds him some soup, annie brings up the amount of profanity in his manuscript, telling him that it bothers her. paul says that it's normal, since these characters are slum kids. this riles annie up as she protests strongly. she shouts at paul, telling him that she doesn't talk to people like that. she spills the soup on the bed, fueling more to her anger and lashes out at him for making her do it. this change of character in his caretaker surprises paul. he feels a heavy pit in his stomach that something's not quite all right with annie. later that night, as paul lay sleeping, annie storms into the room angry and upset. she has just read the last book of the misery series. she accuses paul of murdering her favorite character misery, chastain. feeling shocked at the outburst, he rationalizes this by telling her that women often died in childbirth during that time. annie doesn't accept this and goes on a rampage, she screams and protests for misery to be brought back. in a fit of anger, she grabs a piece of furniture and slams it into the wall above paul's headboard. as annie leaves the room, she reveals that she actually hasn't called the hospital, his agent or his family. nobody knows that paul's there, and that he should wish that nothing happens to her, because if she dies, he will die too. as the investigation for paul's disappearance continues, the sheriff calls the state police and the fbi for help. in wilkes's house, annie brings a grill into paul's room. she places his new manuscript on the grill and douses it with gasoline. annie demands that paul burn his latest work and that he should write a new one to bring misery chastain back to life. as she puts away the burned book, a helicopter passes by the house. it's the sheriff with the state police looking for the 65 mustang. they pass by annie's house oblivious to the horrors happening inside. the next morning, annie sets up a desk and a typewriter by the window, so that paul can write his new book, this time to bring misery back from the dead. as annie leaves the room to get some paper, paul spots a hairpin on the floor. he immediately devises a plan for escape. when annie comes back, he tells her that she got the wrong paper and that the brand she bought gets smudgy when used. this upsets her, and she lashes out at paul again. after accusing him of being ungrateful, she slams the ream of paper on his legs, causing paul to wither in pain. she slams the door shut and heads outside to town. wanting to waste no time, paul grabs the hairpin from the floor and uses it to unlock the door. he heads for the front door, but finds it locked. too. desperate for a way out, he explores the house in his wheelchair and almost drops a ceramic penguin off the table. he goes to the pantry and spots the painkillers. he takes as much as he can, stuffs it in his pants. he then makes his way to the back door in the kitchen, it's locked. and paul is on the verge of giving up he hears annie's car coming in, and the instinct to survive kicks in. he hurriedly drags himself back to the chair. as she makes his back to the house, he closes the living room door and locks himself in his room, just in time as annie enters. meanwhile, the sheriff and the state police finally discover paul's 65 mustang. they haul the car away and call a press conference. they report paul to be presumed dead, considering the weather, and a search will be granted once the snow thaws. the sheriff inspects the marks on the wreckage as he listens to the report, paul couldn't have crawled out of the car by himself. there was someone with him with a crowbar who pried open the car. once he's alone, paul works on another escape plan. he collects the powder from the pills he got and stores it away in a piece of paper. now he only has to think of a way for annie to take the pills without her knowing. he goes to the writing table and pretends to do her bidding by starting on the new book to bring misery back to life. annie reads the first few drafts and demands that paul rewrites it again. he doesn't understand the need to rewrite, and this triggers annie's temper. she screams at paul, lashing and yelling out her fiery monologue, telling him that she feels cheated. seeing no other choice, paul rewrites the first few chapters to annie's liking, taking advantage of her good mood, paul then suggests that they have dinner that night, to which annie agrees gladly. any waste no time in preparing a meatloaf dinner for the both of them. as they eat, paul suggests a toast to the new manuscript. he pours the wine and then distracts annie by telling her to get some candles. as she leaves, paul pours the pill powder into her glass. but when annie comes back, she accidentally spills the glass of wine. paul tries to hide the look of dismay on his face. that was his last chance of getting out of that horror house, and now it's gone. annie then leaves the house to go to town. taking this chance to escape, paul makes his way to the kitchen and grabs a knife. as he makes his way back to his room, he spots an open photo album in the living room. he flips through it and finds numerous newspaper clippings about annie's life, the deaths of her husband and a nursing student, reports about infant deaths at the ward she worked in, and articles linking to her arrest in days in court for murdering the infants. horrified, paul leaves the album and goes back to his room. the next morning, paul finds himself tied to the bed. any accuses him of venturing out of his room. she knows he's been out because her ceramic penguin on the table always faces south. the only way it could have moved is if someone moved it. she then reveals the hair pin and knife that she discovered hidden away under his bed. outraged, annie places a block of wood between paul's feet and takes out a sledgehammer. paul asks for forgiveness and begs her to not do it, but it's too late. annie slams the sledgehammer into his feet, breaking both of his ankles. paul can only scream out in pain as he stays paralyzed and pinned down on the bed. back in town, the sheriff spots annie and asks the townspeople about her. he learns that she's apparently a huge paul sheldon fan. following his gut, the sheriff conducts more research about her and finds newspaper clippings about her days in court. in one photo, he spots a statement annie made after she was freed. it was the exact same line from one of the misery books. this rouses his suspicions and prompts him to pay a visit to the wilkes's house. seeing the sheriff's car, annie sedates paul and throws him into the basement, just in time. as the sheriff makes it to the front door. the sheriff explores the house but sees nothing peculiar. seeing this as his only chance of escape, paul drags himself on the basement floor and pushes the grill over, making a loud noise. the sheriff catches this and goes back inside the house. he opens the basement door to find paul on the ground. but before he could say something, annie shoots him point plank with a shotgun. she then tells paul that it's a sign from god that they must be together forever. as she gets her gun paul hides a small can of gasoline in his pants. he convinces annie that they must finish the book first, to immortalize misery before they kill themselves. she helps him go back to his room to finish the last chapter and goes out to get a cigarette, a match and a bottle of champagne. annie comes back to paul with a lighted match in his hand and his final book doused in gasoline. she begs him not to do it, but it's too late. he sets his manuscript on fire. as annie tries to salvage his work. paul lifts up the typewriter and bashes it on her head. and he recovers quickly and tries to strangle him. struggling for his life, paul pushes his fingers into her eyes, prompting her to let go. he pushes her to the ground, and she takes out his gun and shoots him on the shoulder. he grits his teeth in pain, but lunges at her on the floor. they struggle, and she misfires her gun, losing her last bullet. paul slams her on the floor and makes her eat the burning pages of the book. annie kicks him in the groin. and as she's about to hit him, he trips her feet, her head hitting the edge of the typewriter. this renders her unconscious for a few minutes. as paul struggles to get out of the room, halfway out, annie jumps on him from behind, and he bites her hand as she tries to strangle him. paul pushes himself on the floor, reaching for the sculpture standing a few feet away from him. he grabs the sculpture and with his last strength, smashes it into annie's face. annie stops in her tracks, blood spilling from her face, and she slowly slips down. paul pushes her dead body away and takes a breather, and he's dead. and he's finally free. 18 months later, paul sheldon makes his way to a new york restaurant to meet with his agent. she hands him the latest copy of his new book and tells him all about the good reviews. after a few praises, she then suggests to paul that he write about his experience while he was in captivity. he politely declines, refusing to dig up his worst memory so that they could make a few bucks. as he recounts his trauma, paul's mind plays one final trick on him, disguising a waitress to be any wilkes. he shakes off the illusion to see a normal waitress, who then tells her that she's his number one fan. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 