the [ __ ] he arrived at the horse stable where Sofi put her horse yesterday there. The inspector seemed to see there was a Gem of Gem behind the haystack but unfortunately he had not had time to confirm it he was asked to leave the stable because Leopard had arrived a week after Sofi's death Ijen Hai heard that the driver who killed the driver has been arrested but the person who was arrested was not Leopold Ice who was very dissatisfied with the arrest and then rose from his slump and started a new show by renting a new place and recruiting people from Asia to be his team. The show this time showed more science. necromany or a science to summon the spirits of the dead to receive a message from the spirits after their death the spirits summoned by I'm look quite real because they can directly interact with the audience. walking around the theater and out of the streets it makes people believe that isn't Hai has a supernatural power that can resurrect the spirits of the dead it also creates an issue of a revolutionary movement that will turn the kingdom into a spiritual kingdom  The issue reached Leopold's ears which made Leopard ask the Inspector to immediately arrest YP. The arrest was carried out by Inspector Ul on one of the nights of the performance, i.e. the arrest made the Barbarian Senhime fans become Kiram. They then waited outside Inspector Ul's office to support YP. The inspector then asked snh to tell them to go home or he would be imprisoned immediately ICM went straight out to the balcony of the inspector's office to meet his supporters Ijen said that everything they saw was just tricks and illusions and his only purpose in doing this was  to entertain the audience Hi He then asked everyone to disperse and return to their respective homes so that the atmosphere returned to being conducive again because he had followed Inspector ic6's orders then asked for permission to go home after hearing the statement made by I'm yesterday in front of people who said that everything he did was just a trick and an illusion it seemed that there was doubt in the Inspector's heart to make an arrest for Leo's sign was very upset with Inspector Wow because he couldn't finish what he was ordered he finally decided to come to the office himself. eisenheim show to see for yourself the action performed by yj Naim at night by doing a disguise Leopard came to the aise Hain performance theater like previous shows ic6 sat on a chair slowly he concentrated on summoning the spirits of the dead and Surprisingly, the spirit that came that time was the spirit of Sophie Hai, the audience who had been curious about Sofi's killer, immediately asked Sofi's spirit, then Sofi's spirit replied that the one who killed her was in the theater at that time, not long after that the spirit slowly disappeared.  which left a big question mark for everyone who was there, of course. This made Leopard even more angry with I'm's actions because indirectly the show had accused him of committing the murder of Sofi. He then ordered the Inspector to arrest the eisenheim's next show The next morning the Inspector again called SNM to his office to discuss the matter of the performance act performed by I'm Inspector asked hgu's permission not to do any more seances because he didn't want to arrest eisenheim but eisenheim did not accept the request from the Inspector and instead promised that the Inspector would be very entertained with the next show.  That night, Ijen Hai gave all his assets to his manager. The show started again. The spirit that came at that time was the spirit of Sofi. The audience again asked the same question about Sofi's killer. Sofi's spirit said just before he died he tried to run from the killer and he  I'm also wearing a nice pendant, but the pendant was lost when Sofi died, the audience began to speculate that the real killer of Sofi was Prince Leopold because the conditions in the Theater Building at that time were not conducive. Inspector snake finally decided to arrest Eisenheim on charges of fraud and attempted to overthrow the kingdom but the arrest failed because Aise Hain's body slowly disappeared from the Theater Inspector then ordered his men to check the entire Theater Building and also the kruissen I'm but they did not find  nice I'm in the building Inspector then went to Aini's house to look for it inside I'm Inspector's house found a book that contained a pendant design made by I'm for Sofi immediately the Inspector got a magical whisper to check back at the Horse Stable  Leopold's palace and that's where he finally found the pendant worn by Sofia and a green gemstone that seemed to be an ornament in Leopold's sword and sure enough after the Inspector asked Leopold's servant to get Leopold's sword all the gems he had  Take it according to the slot on Leopold's sword that Inspector Wow uses as evidence that Sofi's killer is actually Leopold Hai the story then returns to the normal flow where it is known from here that Inspector Ul's purpose of coming to Leopard at the beginning of the film is not to report a serious case.  he was working on but it was a Cindy where Inspector Ulakan made arrests against Leopold for the evidence he had obtained. Birthday Inspector uh that he would not be able to arrest Leopold alone therefore he had asked the staff to the emperor to come to Leopold's palace to make an arrest knowing that Leopard immediately locked the door and he threatened Inspector Ul with a gun The inspector seemed to have given up If he was going to be shot but the leopards who were very frustrated finally decided to shoot themselves in the head Hey new imperial troops  u just arrived at the Leopard palace, went straight into the room and found Leopard who was already in a lifeless state after the incident the Inspector was no longer the chief inspector in the city of Vienna when he just came out of the Palace Building he suddenly remembered that he still kept the pendant  Sofi's when she was walking suddenly a small child approached her then someone hit her from behind the little child turned out to give an envelope containing a book belonging to Eisenheim Inspector then asked the child Who gave the book to him and the child  answered her eyes on him instantly. The inspector checked his coat pocket. But it turned out that Sofi's locket had disappeared. He then ran after the man who hit him earlier, which turned out to be I'm who was walking to the train station to go somewhere. Arriving at IC lang station  sung got into the train and the train immediately departed when he saw the grandfathers that he had seen together with aise Hain Inspector Ultima arrived remembering some of the events that he had recently related to the case of I'm a Hi everyone hi hi Kyle XY  It turned out that all of this was just a prank set up by an intelligent illusionist who managed to make fun of a chief Inspector of the people in the city and even made Prince Leopard commit suicide. The inspector couldn't help but laugh out loud knowing that he had entered the content of Aise Hain's setting. At the end of the film, it is shown that Aise Hain went to a very beautiful place which seemed to be in an outback far from the hustle and bustle of the city. Finally, the love between Edward and Sofie ended happily without any interference from the kingdom. in this illusionist for those of you who like videos  o this, please help to like share and of course subscribe to this channel Hi, I'm goodbye, I'll see you in the next film storyline [Music] 