in the town of greendale, there lived a girl who is half witch, half mortal, who on her 16th birthday, would have to choose between two worlds, the witch world of her family and the human world of her friends. sabrina. miss wardwell, hi, see in class guys. i see [Applause] is one of your students named sabrina. but i knew her. bastard of a father who broke sacred witch law when he married a mortal. sound, [Music]. great work begins. i shall deliver sabrina. and what if i put it out there that i'm looking for familiar and see if anyone wants to volunteer? i've been under house arrest with our aunties for the last 75 years. sabrina, forbidden from leaving these grounds. prudence dorcas agatha, we don't want half breeds at the academy, half witch, half mortal. show yourself. i heard such a pretty yeti what's your name? this is faustus blackwood, his high priest of the church of night. if i sign my name in the book of the beast, does that mean i'm giving the dark lord dominion over my soul? the pledge, let's say did you take your baptism, come to the academy of unseen arts. we are gathered here together in these woods in the presence of our dark lord. do you believe in lucifer, the archangel who preferred the loss of heaven to that of his pride? yes. are you willing to place our dark lord above all others in your life, be it your loved ones, your family, your friends? yeah. in signing his book, the book of the beast, you swear to give your mind, body and soul unreservedly to the furtherance of the designs of our lord, [Music] satan. while the blood moon still shines, you must sign the book of the beast. my name is sabrina spellman, and i will not sign it away. thank you. worthy of your love, you shall have the girl. you will be judged and tried in front of the entire coven. i don't want to be a part of his coven. i don't want to step foot in the academy of unseen arts, and i am certainly not going to stand trial. and not only you, hilda and i as well. we have been stripped of our powers, which means that we will age and rot. have you ever heard of a man named daniel webster? i don't think so. he's a lawyer and a cultist that specializes in which lawyer? spell man, she pleads not guilty. signed her name in the book of the beast, promising her soul to the dark lord. why would he do that to me? permission to marry your mother? the dark lord granted it in exchange for for me his daughter. my name's ambrose, by the way. luke, myopic atrophy, the ugliest, thickest glasses in the world aren't going to stop me from going totally blind. yes, it reads um. sabrina spellman, i offer in evidence a baptismal certificate. what we have is a binding contract witnessed by her mother. shall retain her mortal life on the condition that she also attend the academy of unseen arts. i accept. delivered on my promise to get her into the academy. i'll bend it to my will or break. hilda, that you've been excommunicated from the church of night. what? sabrina spellman, my wife, lady blackwood, i've heard a lot about you, sabrina. i'm nicholas. scratch, nick. scratch mind. if i join you your father's as well? i'm, uh, reading his journals right now. you are? it's my uncle. he's really sick. he rings the bell and he needs something. it's an acheron configuration, if i'm not mistaken. solve it and you can join conjuring class. a particular configuration was your father's thesis. he designed and built it. lady blackwood has miscarried twice before. sister sperman, would you be a midwife to one of your dad's journals? maybe it'll help with the acronym configuration. but even if it doesn't, you should get to know your father. so this demon our house is sealed with an incantation. we and only we know is that you who do not harm a hair on that child. somebody please help me out. sabrina, she's a sleep demon. she manipulates her victims in their dreams. i'm gonna wake you up now. the oldest, simplest magic works best. i just had the most vivid dream. yes so did. i not as intricate as an acharon configuration, but a jam jar will do just as well about who and what you are, a witch. yes. so this time it was edward that asked me to look after you, i was his accolade um. i mean, what i i lack any experience, i do make up for in enthusiasm. carrying a child of night to term should be the most joyous 13 months in a witch's life. i agree. jesse might not be possessed, but he definitely looks like he's possessed. i call on hecate an artemis on luna to expel this demons. congratulations, father blackwood. constance is expecting twins. jesse, pass it sometime during the night. too much for you. it's a message from the council sabrina. it means our family's been selected to participate in this year's feast of feasts. it's meant to honor the single greatest sacrifice a witch ever made to save her coven. freya slit her own throat and offered up her body so that the coven would have sustenance through the cold months, into the spring. the cunning tells me what i need to know. what is that a sixth sense in your bones that helps us to see things? let the dark lord's will be revealed. i'll draw. i'll draw. for the spelman family, prudence is queen, once a hunter, always a hunter. harvey's not a hunter. he is a witch hunter. his family are with hunters. he told you himself, the other witches in greendale, they cursed us walker women with blindness. prudence is our queen. no, she's not my queen. she's a bastard. and what spell did you cast? i enchanted the ballot box to favor prudence's queen because she and her [ __ ] sisters are your seed. aunt held us truth cake. are you my father? then i am. and my mother dead. prudence knight cannot fulfill her duty as queen of the feast. and but there are five guys still in there. sabrina tommy's one of them. i didn't find anyone. i just found this. he called off the search. who did my [ __ ] father? he said he couldn't risk the loss of any more lives. we were gathered here today to say goodbye to my brother kinkel loss. as soon as lucas spoke to me about you, i looked into your dossier, and you shall have your freedom. agatha will pay the debt. she owes motor and resurrection. spreener, lady blackwood has denied herself to me, a life for a life thy will might come work for me at the academy of unseen art. he's back. my brother's back. i have a gift for you, a token of brotherhood. i'm familiar of your own. welcome home. tommy's in limbo. it's where the souls of unbaptized babies go when they perish. so i don't lose track of you. i'm talking to three times when you're heading back. tommy, mom, what are you doing here? so he took my baby. after the bat, the soul eater. don't let him get you. save yourself. i've got tommy. from what we just saw, it seems the soul eater's gotten it like is sabrina evil or dangerous? i'm a witch. harvey formed a resurrection spell. i don't want you to be the person that that's any part of tom i'm sorry. i'm so sorry you. you have to go. [Music]. we need to ask you, a witch. are you a witch? i wanted to tell you so many times. i call out to the greendale 13, to the witches hunted by mortals, you may walk the earth again to claim your revenge. it is not a dark lord's wrath that has come for us. it is the gringo that scene. are you talking about? the red angel of death? aussie? be inside the academy by midnight or face the 13th. he said that in the event of a tornado or severe weather, that the town's designated shelter was baxter high basement. it's working, isn't it? the protection spell insult, yes, as long as we fall remain focused, it just might. lady blackwood, is one under labor power you'll need to save greendale. will require you to sign my name. strong and fine, lady blackwood. sister spelman, lady blackwood's pleading too much. i sabrina spellman, call forth fire from the pit. angel simply vanished. lady blackwood, was too weak to bring your baby into the world. baby, the dominant one consumed the other. hail judas. hail judas. hail satan. i lied to father blackwood. i said he had only one child. she's a girl, born before her brother and the high priest. i feared what it would have done to her. i love you too much to risk anything bad happening to you. once i finish grooming sabrina to take my place of satan's food soldier i'll earn a crown and a throne by his side. i'm the future queen of hell. you 