welcome to the man of recaps. this is arrow season 4. season 4 begins with Oliver Queen retired. he's with Felicity. now some people call them olicity, but I only say full Oliver. he's left the city in good hands, specifically his ex-girlfriend and little sisters. Laurel Lance has fully taken up her sisters mantle of the Black Canary. and Thea queen has taken her ex-boyfriend, Roy's costume. she's the red arrow. and John Diggle has finally given in and gotten a superhero name. he's sparked in. but there's a new gang in town called the ghost and they have team arrow outgunned. their leader is damian darhk--. he's half friendly businessman and half scary mob boss. he is Ra's al Ghul's old rival that he warned Oliver about last season. so, full Oliver leaves their life of suburban bliss and heads back to Starling city, or a Star City. now, yeah, at the very end of last season, Ray Palmer was working on the atom suit and exploded himself. and I guess his dream was always to rename Starling city. so they did it for him. by the way. he made Felicity CEO of Palmer tech. that's why they're still riding in limousines, cuz remember, Oliver's broke. now, anyway, it's time for Oliver to suit up. this time he's leaving the sleeves behind. now remember last season, the arrow was wanted, so Roy put on the arrow suit and faked his death to take the heat off Oliver. so even though Oliver's wearing the exact same outfit, minus the sleeves, he's pretending to be a totally new superhero. Green Arrow. yeah, but no one's buying it. anyway, the Green Arrow fights damian darhk--. but damien darhk's got magic. that's gonna be a problem. but first, Thea queen is overly violent these days. it's probably pit fever, a side effect of being resurrected by the Lazarus Pit laurels. like, wait a second. you're telling me the League of Assassins has a magic jacuzzi that can bring people back to life. why haven't we use this on my sister Sara yet? so they fly to Nanda Parbat, where Malcolm Merlyn is the new Rachel Ghul. he lets him use the pit for Sarah. and it works. Sarah's back to life. no one ever stays dead on this show. but because Sarah was very dead, she's totally feral now. so Nyssa destroys the Lazarus Pit. she loved Sarah and feels like bringing her back this Way's an abomination. so no more resurrections, except for Ray Palmer. turns out he didn't blow himself up. he shrunk himself down. long story short, the gang rescues him. the atom has ant-man powers. now, feral Sera's causing problems, so Oliver calls his old friend Constantine, who leads them in a ritual inside Sara's spirit to rescue her soul from the pit. so Sara's curative pit fever. it's gonna be awkward having to black Canary's now. luckily, Sara's not sticking around, cuz there's a crossover episode with Barry Allen, the flash. it's old thing, but it leads into a new spin-off show, legends of tomorrow, starring Ray Palmer as the Adam and Sarah Lance as the white canary. back to Star City, anyone running for mayor gets shot at cuz damian darhk--. doesn't want a mayor. Oliver has to keep saving him. so he figures, cut out the middleman. he runs for mayor himself. and he calls out damian darhk--. which makes him real mad. so when Oliver proposes to felicity, dark sends his men to shoot up the limo. and, oh no, Felicity's hit. no one ever dies on this show. but Felicity is paralyzed. she's in a wheelchair now. luckily, her superpower is sitting at a computer. so they install a ramp, and we're good to go. Thea's pit fever is getting worse. the only way she can stop it is by killing people, and she doesn't want to do that. so she might die. but Nyssa comes with an option. she's got some sort of magic healing potion, but she'll only help if Malcolm Merlyn gives her control of the League of Assassins, which she has no intention of doing. so they're gonna fight for it. but remember, Oliver is technically married to Nyssa. he better look into getting that an old or something. but for now, it means he fights Malcolm Merlyn in her place. and he cuts off his hands to get the demon head ring. Sofia gets cured. and Nyssa realizes the League of Assassins is kind of evil, so she disbands it. Merlyn is pissed at Oliver now, so he joins up with damian darhk--. he tells dark an epic secret. Oliver has a son. yeah, he only just found out too. it's a random girl he knocked up in college that his mom paid to cover it up and move away. so dark kidnaps all of her son. Oliver calls in a superhero friend, vixen. she's got a magic necklace that lets her channel animal spirits. she steals darks magic totem. turns out that's what gives him his powers. so when she destroys it, he's vulnerable, and arrow takes him down. but Felicity feels betrayed that Oliver didn't tell her about his so betrayed that she calls off the engagement full Oliver knew. and just then she can walk again. it's a miracle. actually, no, it's science. she's got an employee at Palmer tech, this brilliant guy, Curtis. she comes to him sometimes with team arrow stuff and flimsy explanations just like Oliver did to her back in season one. he eventually stumbles into their secret lair, and he helps out the team sometimes. anyway, he invented some sort of spinal implant that's letting her walk again. now, darks magic idol Oliver has actually seen before. that's right, it's time for an island flashback. this season, it's a true Island flashback. Argus's next mission for secret agent Oliver sends him back to Lian Yu. he's here to take down a group of bad guys who are growing drugs or something, led by Baron Reiter. he pretends to join them, but when he's supposed to kill this one girl, he lets her go cuz he's a good guy. but another worker attacks him, and he has to kill him in self-defense. turns out it was her brother, who they eventually realized he's a spy and with him for a while. but Constantin gave Oliver a magic tattoo that Baron Rider needs to enter the secret cave. that's the reason he's here. and inside is damien darhk's idol. it's powered by killing people and drawing their strength to give you magic powers. long story short, oliver in the girl escaped, but she takes the idol. it gives her magic powers, so she's able to take down rider. but it's making her evil. so she's like, Oliver, you have to kill me, but first promise me you'll go to my hometown in Russia and save it from this bad guy. so watch out for that next season. but for now, Oliver kills her. oh, it's so sad. so in the present, Malcolm Merlyn apparently has a key to the arrow cave, so he steals the idol back for dark but it's missing a piece. now, darts organization is called hive, which is the group that Deadshot told John Diggle killed his brother. but one day they capture a hive guy, and it is John diggle's brother. yeah, they didn't kill him. they recruited him. diggle's real mad. but turns out hive uses brainwashing pills to control their people. so when it wears off, Diggle starts to trust his brother again. so in darts, breaking out of prison. team arrow brings little Diggle with him, and he betrays them. yeah, he wasn't brainwashed. he's just a bad guy. so with the missing piece, darts got his magic powers back, and he uses them to kill Laurel Lance. he lets the rest the team go though, cuz bad guys are dumb. no, Laurel, you can't die. no one ever really dies on the show, except Laurel does. no more. Lazarus pits ho there's no resurrections. laurels gonna be dead for good, or at least the rest of this season. this is actually good news for Quentin Lance, cuz he does his best acting when one of his daughters dies. that's why they have it happened at least once a season. then darker goes to John diggle's wife, Lyla, and takes her Argus implant. by the way, Amanda Waller was killed earlier this season, so LYLAS the new head of Argus. so digs a little brother crossed a line going after John's family, and John kills him. he feels emo about it for a while. somehow the Argus implant gives dark access to all the world's nuclear weapons. his evil master plan is project Genesis. he's gonna nuke the world and ride it out in this giant, underground city he's made. Felicity can't hack all the world's nukes by herself. so she brings in her father. he's a criminal computer hacker, the calculator, and they faced off earlier this season. he may not be the world's best dad, but he's here to help stop a nuclear apocalypse. they managed to stop all the nukes except one, and there's no way to disarm it. Felicity just retarget Syd from the big city to a small town. thousands died instead of millions. but Felicity still feels emo about it for a while. Green Arrow fine, starts underground city, and, long story short, blows it up. dark is super pissed, and he manages to hack one more nuke, since it's straight to Star City. the city's rioting, but Oliver goes to make a speech, and it's like, hey, stop writing everyone. let's hear what he has to say. he gives such a good speech about this city being united that the nuke diverts itself and misses. just kidding. it was the smart members of the team actually saving the day. but now it's the final battle with damian darhk--. and his magics gonna kick all of his butt. but all of her speech was so inspiring, Star City rises up to help him. so then when dark shades magic, Adam Oliver blocks it. yeah. he met a shaman earlier who taught him how to block dark magic, but it didn't work because he had too much darkness inside himself. but now the city rallying has filled him with light. so dark brings all his minions, and there's a big city brawl. I feel like this exact scene happens in every seasons. and, yeah, and all of her defeats damian darhk--. he doesn't kill people anymore, but he makes an exception, I know, kills him. dark defeated after his bomb deflecting speech, he wins in a landslide. Oliver Queen's the mayor now. diggle's feeling sad about killing his brother, so he retires. and Thea's feeling weird pit fever, so she retires to sew team arrow is down to just all of her and Felicity, who are still broken up, by the way. and that's how season four comes to an end. [Music], 