I look. I never seen any of these movies, but I felt that I should experience at least one of them in theaters before, you know, they leave, to just give them the benefit of the doubt. so I went to a theater, brought my Lysol disinfected I brought some seat covers down, like half a bottle of captains. and let me tell you, oh, it's trash. but it's that streamit trash that legit has you laughing throughout, while the rest of the theater is completely filled with estrogen. so let me explain the movies called Fifty Shades freed. but it starts off with them getting married, which is like the complete opposite. I'm aware that in the first one, she works for him, and then he offers her a contract to really work for him, since this dude's got a sex dungeon. this man's like the rich Ted Bundy with his fetishes. and I know that in the second one, I believe, they bring up that he was in a foster home, and that there was a lady who really just gave him this crazy sexual awakening that's so tense. people like Anastasia are actually saviors to the world, because if she wasn't there to quench his crazy desires. who knows what this man might be capable of. that's like literally brought up at one point in this franchise. by the way, they're married, and Henry Cavill jr. over here hates it that his wife doesn't listen to him, but at the same time, it kind of like turns him on. there's that weird couple that text each other, even though they're literally physically touching each other. both of them get more jelly than Paddington the bear. and I'll say this, I get why women go crazy for this dude, you know. - and being a serial killer. this dude practically has the cheat codes to life, since he's so freakin rich. like, if he messes up, any mistake that he does, he can literally buy his girl a house and everything will be okay. we normal dudes can't do that. that being said, they're out here lurking like Drake. since they are so rich that they got a lot of enemies. there's that dude from the last movie who's still creepin on them, and he's lurking around hacking their information. Anastacia, for whatever reason, still decides the cheap and wants to go to work. and when she shows up, you can taste the mort's insults that her jealous employees have the moment they walk in to notify her that she has a promotion for doing absolutely nothing. they even find themselves at a certain points and a horribly greenscreen card chase that you think would put them on edge and have them be super shook, but instead, it just makes them super horny. they end up doing it in parking lots. they're smashing on the beach. they're smashing on the kitchen table while there's guests literally upstairs. they're smashing so much that Nigel Thornberry would be embarrassed. and with so much smashing, there's no doubt she gets pregnant. I mean, it's, it's maths, my dudes. I'd also like to add that this being, you know, my first experience with these movies, I really didn't think that the acting was not going to be there, like, you know, in video games, were you interact with other characters and there's that stiff, kind of awkward delay thingy. yeah, that's these guys. it's like a live action movie, but it also feels like stop-motion at the same time. they address each other like Jacob Trembley does his inanimate objects in his room. I mean, there's literally scenes where my dude over here forgets his American accent and starts speaking like the luck of the Irish. for some reason, he's just their fairy. anyways, lucky charms over here hates the fact that he didn't pull out in time, and so the both of them decided to stop talking to each other, which is the best acting in the movie. this, however, allows for that creeper dude from the last movie to kidnap the sister-in-law because no one was watching her. he reveals that he blackmailed a salty co-worker, and that's why she's helping out. and he demands that Anastasia give him five million dollars for ruining his life. at this point, I thought for one second that Anastasia was actually going to dress up in her bondage outfit, go out and save the day. but then they wouldn't be able to play this on freeform. and sad she goes out. Christian tracks her phone. they arrest the guy and realize that he was in the same exact foster home that Christian was growing up. you know, he just conveniently forgot about that. so we can have this plot, they have this fake deep discussion about, well, what if he wasn't picked? and kind of make him feel better by saying that Christians clear advantages weren't what got him ahead in life, but instead, it was his personality, and that's why they're able to have this great, big, happy family. however, I think there's a bigger message that these movies, all three of them, have been pushing that's undeniably sad. if you're hot, I didn't consider harassment. thank you guys for checking out this video. I know that some people adore this franchise. other people's hate it all that people love to hate it because they know they're going to get paid talking about it. other than that, I'm curious to know you guys thoughts about it, whether you liked it, whether you didn't. we can discuss it down below in the comment section. and don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I will send you that apartments.com link that comes with the bondage room. 