hey guys. Greg and Ryan here, and we're breaking down Twin Peaks, the return, parts 1 &amp; 2. stay tuned for 3 &amp; 4 later on. but right now we're going to stick to everything that's only in the first two parts. first, make sure to subscribe to get about universe, so you can stay up to date with all of our TV coverage, including American Gods and Fargo. alright, let's just go right into it. let's jump in. there's so much Lynch going on this episode, where we got it right. it we got so much to unpack. roll it down, hit the card. let's do this. we've been waiting 20, 60 years for Twin Peaks to come back, to figure out what happened to Dale Cooper, only to discover he's been stuck in the Black Lodge that entire time. that is so crushing. from the very beginning, we jump in with both feet, straight into the red room at the Black Lodge. we've got the giant. you got Dale Cooper. it's in black and white, just like racer head. a lot of references going back and forth. and it's opening shot itself, and very plotting and very slow, in that Eraserhead style. from this conversation scene with the Giant, we get a few hints as to, well, clues, I wouldn't say hints. we ACLU's mm-hmm, that are going to come up later on. yeah, the owl's are not what they seem. moment starts right at the beginning. amen. doc, four-30. sure. Stan pudding got to Bauer, spur thoughts gone. this is all very ominous. we don't know who Richard and Linda are yet. and this is the first number of many become. got one more thing in that scene, which is the record player. and I don't have any idea what that is. what do you think? well, I love the noises they make. it a little clicks, the electronic clicks that you can actually hear throughout the first two episodes. I have a feeling the noise is coming from that it's trying to reach the outside world. interesting. it sounds from the outside world. yes. it's trying to get sounds in, from the outside world. okay. we go from there into totally new territory for Twin Peaks. we go to New York, and we're in a high-rise with a very strange glass container, and some poor kid whose job it is to keep an eye on it. I love that the first shot of the high-rise. once we get inside there, it's like, how shop space. obviously, how shot. very much soon. so this guy, Sam's primary job appears to be to sit on a couch, watch the glass container and every once in a while, change the SD cards out of the cameras that are recording it. and I love with the cameras, look like he's old-school mixed with high-tech technology at the same time. the little black box, yeah, a little black box camera. that was really cool. it reminds me of the stunt cameras they used to like, hide in places that they knew would get crushed by a motorcycle or a car crash. thank you. can go crash cam. yes, yeah. old angel bands. so as yet though, we don't really know what the significance of this room is or how it ties into the super plot at all, but it is one of the plots we're keeping an eye on. so the next plot line that we're following takes place in Buckhorn, South Dakota. and this is kind of cool because it's actually like a mini Twin Peaks first season, in another place with similar, quirky characters with Affairs going on, with murder, everything like that. yeah, you had your character constants. he's pretty much like, I think you're Dale Cooper. I think she's a little bit more of like the sheriff Truman. he's the local. she's competent, and she's definitely not a dumb ski like hurry coworkers. so the centerpiece of this plotline revolves around another murder that's a mystery. now, the actual scene itself with roof Davenport, the once they get into the apartment, hmm, wrapped in her covers, little honey, yeah. but then when they reveal the covers, you find out it's her head, but on another guy's body. and we find pretty quickly that there is a person central to that plot named Bill Hastings, who is this version of Twin Peaks is Leland Palmer. so this plot line revolves around the murder of Ruth Davenport, which we find out about in a very, very, very typically David Lynch sequence, where they can't find the keys to the apartment that the body is in. Margery Greene is classic Lynch, her character in general, that whole scene, trying to find the keys with the cops. well, it would be a shame, because I'm supposed to water our pants. when she's out of town, I have to eat. oh, very classic Lynch. and it's bizarre uncanny Ness. I love it. it's one of the best scenes so far. where's the smell coming from? this is green. oh, let's go in. the Bob, when the second he walks out of that Mercedes, I thought it was Bruce Campbell first time I saw it's like out of Bubba hotep or something. it's so weird. now, it's important to note that the Bob Cooper is also kind of a badass and a psychopath and kind of freaking scary. yes, he twice disarms a a guard without even thinking about it. Bob's back, and we don't know exactly what he's doing just yet. we do know he has something to do at roof Davenport's murder, and he's trying to make sure he doesn't go back to the Black Lodge. I'm supposed to get pulled back into what they call the black launch. part of this plot line is that he has the computer, slash, maybe space phone, thing that I think could belong to, have belonged to major Briggs. and is being used to communicate with Phillip Jeffries, who you would remember as the David Bowie character. and fire walk with me. these are unconfirmed theories, but let us know if you have a different idea. now, with the reason we know Bob's involved in Ruth's murder. he shows up later on to kill Lois. you did good. you follow a human nature perfectly. the scene right before that, the black demon, you see him disappear, and then it cuts straight to Phyllis's murder. does this character have something to do with Bob? I don't know. we'll have to wait and see. so Bob and Cooper are very central things to Twin Peaks, but we haven't yet talked about the really familiar things at Twin Peaks. and the next plotline has to do with some of the main characters of the original series. yes. so we get a bunch of returning characters. we got Ben and Jerry Horne with a great line, sock it to me, sock it to me. it's a beautiful soul, and she's married. I'll never stop you before sock it to me, sock it to me. with Jerry, as always, bringing something to eat with him every single time, every single time. oh, he's a pothead now. yes. now he's a pothead. he's got a legal dispensary of some variety, or a growing operation that is, yeah, very profitable. now, we also see Shelley and James, yeah. and we see dr. Jacoby doing something in the woods with shovels. it's so cool, because those shots, your far back the sound, you can only, you can barely hear them. you hear what they're talking about, but it's, there's no mic on them, and it's just a boy or shot of dr. Jacoby get picking up a bunch of shovels. I love that. that's actually a perfect example. that is classic Lynch, right? there you have a shot, which, by the way, is also obstructed by some trees. yeah. and exactly the sound design. you can barely hear their voices. now, we also have a couple more characters from the original series, and they're part of the main Twin Peaks plot that we've seen. there's a little bit of Andy and Lucy, but the center is around the log lady and Hawk. also, I love the tribute they gave to Katherine Coulson, who played the log lady. she her lines of dialogue are the titles the first two episodes. my log has a message for you. the stars turn and the time presents itself. now, when Hawks out there looking for Dale, this is a cool call back to season two, deputy Hawk, if I'm ever lost, I hope you're the man they send to find me. maybe when we always had your back. and apparently Hawk does somewhat find Dale. we see that he finds a portal. yes, he finds the old Black Lodge entrance. and then it cuts straight in this Lynch fashion, right into the Red Room again, where everything goes crazy. everyone's walking backwards. lower Palmer, she does a famous lines again. she whispers in Dale's ear. we get the line from lower Palmer saying, hi. ah, okay, yeah, yeah. there is almost this impression that we're gonna have Laura Palmer outside of the Black Lodge at some point, even if it's another version of her, because I think we're dealing a lot of doppelgangers throughout this whole season, so we could be seen other doppelgangers of Laura Palmer. now, also, the one-armed man introduces Dale to his arm that's evolved into an electrical tree. yeah. so Michael J Anderson didn't want to return. they had a bad falling out, apparently, with David Lynch. we don't know exactly what happened there. so they recast him at a tree. here we are again, also with some more numbers that were going to be keeping an eye on. the tree. says two, five, three, time and time again. we're going to find out what that means soon, not just yet. so a couple more things that happen. uh, Dale, in his twists and turns through the Black Lodge, uh, finds himself a view of the road that Bob is driving on, with the car there, yeah, that he isn't able to quite interact with. and then he also has a run-in with good old Leland Palmer. we get our one shot at Leland Palmer, ray Weiss in this episode. very quick and short, right to the point, very or finally, our last moments in the Red Room have Dale meeting, okay, the arms doppelganger, hmm, which screams at him, non-existent, non-existent, and then expels him from the Red Room. and he winds up in the glass box in New York, temporarily, for a short moment, a tiny period, which, unfortunately, our guy who's supposed to be there watching everything, just isn't around for we got to talk about the scene where that alien creature, or smoke monster, or whatever the hell you call it, is in the glass box, pops out and kills Sam and Tracy. I feel like David Lynch's ballina do this thing like this forever. easy. Oh, totally his style. he's like, I got Showtime. I can do whatever the hell I want. and just has some demon scratch off their entire faces. and in terms of the order of events and what we might be talking about down the road, this is after Dale came through. and we know other things have come through from dialogue, but after Dale came through, something came through after Dale, looking for him. some quick thoughts, in the first two episodes, I found that this is very, very light on polity. almost no comedy whatsoever, except for Ben and Jerry. I guess Ben and Jerry are pretty comic, and of course, so is the finding body sequence and missing keys, yes. but you're right, actually kind of conspicuously absent. Lynch's darker tones are on display here. in these first two episodes. you raise their head Lost Highway Mulholland. Drive more in that vein a lot more in that day. something else I think that is worth mentioning is, of course, the iconic theme music is back from Angelo Badalamenti. but that's it. he doesn't really have, there really is no score, honestly. there's a few shots of it, and then we get this weird, like, almost for like Trent Reznor score we have when there we introduced the Box character. yeah. we're definitely not spending as much time in bottle amenties mood. although in terms of music, we do also have an episode that concludes with music at the Roadhouse, yes, which has a very, almost Julie Cruz quality to it. and the pacing of these two episodes are very slow. that's true. it's a very almost, at what I could say, I think now, is almost a classic lynch slowness. yeah. like there's unnecessary pregnant pauses that completely throw the rhythm off joint. and honestly, I love that. I think that, you know, if Lynch totally had his way, probably would've been the same way 25 years ago, a little bit too. but again, this is one of those things where, if you're really not in a David Lynch. and you're just trying to sit down to watch this, you're gonna hard time, especially the New York scenes. I love this. seems a Andy and Lucy. they'll just dole out expository dialogue for bales character real quickly, and then they leave, and they're still as adorable was ever. yep, yeah. also, we have to bring up this billionaire character who's residing over everything a little bit right now. yeah. it appears to have installations in Vegas and New York. yep. and he wants Bob gay. how much do they want me dead? what are they paying you? okay, I think there is one more character that we left out so far, Sarah Palmer. I love the shot of her sitting down watching TV. and you get the reflection the mirrors and the background, the Lions eating the water buffalo, the best kind of awesome. oh man, that I was waiting for something absolutely terrifying to happen at the end of that scene. I was waiting for her to, like, turn and see Bob again, or just something that was going to bring back the scream. do you remember the scream? it's that slow buildup of impending doom. it's palpable. we can't wait to break down episodes three and four next but let us know what you thought about parts 1 &amp; 2 in the comments below. and while you're at it, make sure to subscribe to gain spot so you can stay up to date with all of our TV coverage. we also have American Gods going on right now and Fargo. it's good stuff. yeah. alright, guys. see you later. bye. bye. 