july 18, 1981, in the town of brookfield, connecticut, edward and lorraine warren were called to the home of eight-year-old david glatzel, who is under the possession of a demonic entity. joining them are david's parents, carl and judy, sister debbie, and debbie's boyfriend, aaron johnson. the home appears to have already been ransacked by a demonic attack, with the chandelier broken and claw marks scratched across the walls. the group takes a break, and arn brings david to his room to get some sleep, just as a priest, father gordon arrives. later, david hears a pounding noise in his room, causing him to scream. when everyone runs to check on him, david emerges from the shadows and stabs his father in the leg. edward grabs david and tell lorraine and father gordon to start with an exorcism. the demon causes more damage to the house and causes david's body to contort unnaturally. while trying to keep things under control, lorraine sees flashes of demonic and cult-like visions. the demon uses david's body to attack edward in his heart. aaron grabs david and talks to him, telling the demon to take him instead, which edward witnesses. the chaos stops, and david appears to be cured. lorraine rushes to edward as he loses his consciousness. the glatzels and iron join lorraine at the hospital, where the doctor tells lorraine that edward is in a coma and will need to have more tests done before a final diagnosis can be given. the next morning, arn wakes up to see debbie and tells her that he thinks they should move out of brookfield, despite not having a lot of money to their names. while alone in the house, aaron thinks he sees something moving a cereal box, but it was just a rat inside. he then notices a rotted hole in the wall, just before what looks like an apparition of an old woman grabbing him and snarling in his face. on the other side, at the hospital, lorraine is visited by father gordon. while she continues to watch over edward. she tells father gordon of how they met in their youth and how edward took her to a gazebo where they shared their first kiss. arn is startled at his job when he sees another apparition causing him to be sent home. he arrives to find debbie with their landlord, bruno sauls. just as this happens, edward wakes up to find lorraine and their daughter judy by his side. he tells lorraine that the demon is in iron. now she tries to call the glatzel house, but nobody answers because bruno has turned on the music too loud. lorraine then calls the police and warns them to get to the glatzel house. aaron feels more and more unwell seeing what looks like bruno manhandling debbie. arn sees debbie appearing to run, and he goes after her. then he sees bruno as some kind of monstrous entity. later, arn walks down the road when an officer finds him covered in blood. it is reported that arn stabbed bruno to death 22 times. edward and lorraine talk to arn and debbie while he is in interrogation, and debbie defends arn by saying that whatever happened to bruno could not have been aryn's doing. the warrens talked to aaron's lawyer about trying to get aaron out of receiving a death sentence by trying to prove that he was influenced by demonic possession to carry out the murder. arn goes to court and presents the demonic possession claim, leading to him being placed in a psych ward edward and lorraine go over their recordings on david's possessions based on family statements. the trouble began five months earlier when the glatzels first moved into their house. david went to check out the waterbed and played on it until the demon broke through the mattress and tried to grab david. when talking to debbie, they find that there is a rug where the bed used to be, followed by rotting wood, previously thought to be the result of water damage. lorraine goes under the house, into the cellar, and discovers a witch's totem. the warrens believe that this is the work of a cult. they enlist the aid of drew in their investigation. at father gordon's suggestion, the warrens visit a former priest named castner, who brought down a cult called the disciples of the ram they show castner the picture of the totem, which he knows is the work of a satanist. he leads them down to his basement where he has lots of mementos from the ram cult. he warns them that this is very dangerous than you are thinking, but lorraine tells him that we know dangers better than you think. at the psych ward, arn is mopping the floor when it appears that a nearby patient is possessed and sings, call me to him. and this was the same song playing when he killed bruno. and one entity hold him from back. but eventually the guard takes him. drew calls the warrens and tells them to head to danvers to talk to sergeant clay. he tells them about the disappearance of teenage best friends jessica strong and katie lincoln. katie was stabbed 22 times as well, and jessica was never found, but a totem just like the one at the glatzel house was recovered from the crime scene. clay initially refuses to allow the warrens to check into the case file, until lorraine proves her clairvoyant abilities to clay in front of the other officers. debbie and david visit arn where he describes what he has been feeling. david knows it completely, and causes them to realize that the same thing is plaguing iron right now. clay drives the warrens to the site in the woods where the girls disappeared. lorraine finds the spot where a possessed jessica started stabbing katie. but the connection makes lorraine mimic it to the point where edward must get her to stop. lorraine follows her vision where she chases katie to the edge of a cliff. a demon hand pulls lorraine down, but edward catches her and pulls her up. lorraine tells him and clay that jessica must be at the bottom of the river after falling over. a recovery team goes by and indeed finds a body. debbie calls the warrens and tells them that the demon is trying to make aaron kill himself, as edward tells her to alert the staff to put arn on suicide watch. and suddenly, eerie screeching noise is heard over the phone. meanwhile, arn is given a vial of holy water by someone in the prison, and when he starts seeing visions, he pours a circle around himself. edward and lorraine break into the funeral home to find jessica's corpse. lorraine takes her hand and enters the connection, finding herself in what appears to be a dark basement with black candles and occult books. she finds the occultist woman that aren saw earlier, just as she is attempting to possess iron into slashing his wrists. lorraine stops this and guards find arn. the occultist acknowledges lorraine and gets a large man's corpse to come alive. edward pulls lorraine away from jessica's hand to end the connection and stopping the big corpse from attacking. however, lorraine tells edward that the woman now knows who they are. the warrens meet debbie and drew to go over more research. they connected the curse between the two murders as the occultist got the totems in the possession of both parties involved, which led to the possessed committing a murder, before the murderer end up killing themselves. to break the curse, one must destroy the altar upon which it was placed. and lorraine knows that the occultist must finish the curse for the sake of her own soul. just as edward tries to find the connection between the victims, he passes out again. when he wakes up, the occultist projects herself to him and threatens him. the naked, fat corpse attacks again. and when edward goes after him, he finds that he was almost attacking lorraine. they realized that the occultist set something up for her to invade the space. and they uncover a totem inside a vase with rotted flowers. upon further investigation, edward and drew learn that jessica got her totem in a box from her school, fairfield university. and this led edward to realize that the occultist works near there. at the same time, lorraine goes to visit castner for help again. she follows him into the basement, where he reveals that he had a secret daughter, isla, who is the occultist. in trying to prevent her from being drawn into the occult he got her interested. kastner informs lorraine that there is a tunnel under the house where isla used to play. and this should be the place where the altar may be located. lorraine, then hears footsteps and realizes isla is in the house. lorraine goes to find the tunnel, while isla finds kastner and slits his throat. father newman is with debbie at iron side, although he feels isla's presence. just as lorraine discovers the altar, isla prepares to bring the curse to its conclusion. edward then rushes to the house and goes to find lorraine. but isla runs forward him as lorraine and blow powder into his face. it starts possessing him and making him go into a rage and trying to swing a sledgehammer at lorraine. as this happens, arn's possession gets out of control, causing the windows in the ward to break and release him from his restraints. he starts floating and grabs a glass shard and try to slash his throat, but debbie holds his arm down. lorraine gets through to edward, reminding him of their love and saying that isla thinks love is their weakness, but it is their strength. edward breaks free of the possession and smashes the altar, freeing arn from his possession. isla attempts to finish the warrens off herself, but it is too late for her. and her demon master comes to take her soul to hell, which painfully contorting isla's body until she is a mere shell. edward brings the altar chalice down into the warren museum. they then join debbie at the courthouse as arn's trial goes underway. text states that arn was found guilty of manslaughter and served five years in prison. he married debbie while incarcerated, and they are still married to this day. in the final scene, edward bring lorraine to a gazebo he built in honor of the memory from when they were first dating. and the movie end up with this 