[Music]. a young diana prince participates in an athletic race on themiskiera against older amazons. after falling from her horse, diana takes a shortcut to catch up. however, antiope removes her from the competition for this, lecturing diana that any worthwhile goal must be achieved through honest effort. in 1984, diana works at the smithsonian institution in washington dc, while secretly performing heroic deeds as a costumed crime fighter. diana introduces herself to barbara minerva, a new archaeologist and zoologist with the museum. barbara is good-natured, socially awkward and unassertive, which makes most people look past her. she forms a friendship with diana, whom she comes to admire and envy. barbara is asked by the fbi to identify stolen antiquities from a robbery diana had foiled. barbara and diana notice one artifact, later revealed to be the dreamstone. contains a latin inscription claiming that anyone holding it will have any one wish granted. diana unknowingly uses the stone to wish her deceased lover, steve trevor, back to life after being saved by diana from an attempted sexual assault. barbara wishes upon the stone to become like diana, attaining diana's superpowers. failing businessman, maxwell lord, visits the smithsonian under the pretext of being a wealthy donor. he arranged for the dreamstone to be delivered to him in hopes of using its power to save his oil company. diana discovers a connection between max and the stone and attends a gala at the smithsonian to investigate. there she is reunited with steve, whose soul inhabits another man's body, and only diana sees him as steve. attending the gala himself. max seduces barbara to gain access to her office and steal the dreamstone. he later uses the stone to become the stone and gains its wish granting powers, along with the ability to take whatever he desires from others to fulfill the cost of the wishes. max becomes a powerful figure who leaves chaos and destruction in his wake, as his powers trigger worldwide instability. with barbara's help, diana and steve discover that the dream stone was created by dolos, the god of lies, treachery, deception and mischief. the stone grants a user their wish, but exacts a toll. and the only way to reverse the exchange is by renouncing the wish or destroying the stone. steve realizes his existence comes at the cost of diana's power, while barbara's newfound life has taken her humanity. neither woman is willing to renounce her wish. max's power takes a toll on him physically, as his body slowly deteriorates. he learns from the president of the united states of a satellite system that broadcasts communication signals globally. max plans to use it to grant wishes to the entire world to rid himself of his power and regain his health. diana and steve confront him at the white house, only for barbara to join forces with max. she defeats diana, allowing max's escape. steve convinces diana to renounce her wish and let him go. restoring her strength and discovering an ability to fly, diana returns home and dons the armor of legendary amazon warrior asteria. she then heads to the satellite headquarters and battles barbara, who has mutated into a cheetah-like creature after wishing to become an apex predator. after defeating barbara, diana confronts max and uses her lasso of truth to communicate with the world through him, convincing everyone to renounce their wish. she also shows visions to max, first of his own unhappy childhood, then of his young son, alistair, wandering the streets crying for his father. amid the chaos, max renounces his wish and reunites with alistair, promising to be a better father. some months later, diana encounters the man whose body steve possessed, giving her some closure and resolve to continue safeguarding humanity. in a mid-credits scene, asteria, played by linda carter, is revealed to be secretly living among [Music] humans, 