hey people. john here from fast films, and today we're covering the american black comedy horror movie named house of 1000 corpses. the film starts with a static tv screen. a program called dr wolfenstein's creature freak show starts on a monochromatic screen. another advertisement for a place named captain spalding's museum of monsters and madmen starts rolling. captain spalding introduces his alligator boy and his famous murder ride. he urges the viewers to come down to the museum to witness the horror show in person, and to taste his famous fried chicken as well. the next scene opens with the view of captain spalding's museum. it's october 30th, 1977, a day before halloween. there is a gasoline filling station and a clown in front of the museum. inside the museum, captain spalding, the clown from the commercials, is seen gossiping to another man. the man wants to go to the restroom, so captain spalding hands him the keys. meanwhile, there are two armed men hiding in the bushes just outside the museum. they come rushing inside the shop. one of the robbers holds the gun to captain spaulding's head and orders the other one to check the toilet. the robbers threaten the owner and shoot a bullet through the ceiling to scare them off. they demand money from captain spalding. the clown doesn't hand him any money. instead, they start arguing. the man in glasses recognizes one of the robbers and starts to make fun of him. as the argument gets heated, suddenly, a man holding an axe with a giant mask enters the shop. he plunges the axe into one of the robbers. captain spalding sees the opportunity and grabs his own gun from the counter and shoots the other robber. the masked guy takes off his mask and starts laughing hysterically. captain spalding then moves towards the first injured robber and shoots him in the face too. after this, the next scene starts with a group of friends traveling down the road. while listening to the radio, the person driving the car, bill notices that the car is almost out of gas. he scolds jerry for not filling the tank completely. while arguing, they come across a billboard of captain spaulding's shop. they decide to head towards the museum to fill the gas tank. once they pull over, bill starts pumping the tank. jerry goes ahead to check the shop to see if it's worth writing a story about in their journal. they wake up their friends, mary and denise, sleeping in the back of the car. they visit the shop and start taking notes about the weird stuff present in the museum. bill talks to captain spalding about the ownership of the shop and how long he has been running the place. bill tells him about the book he and his friends are writing. the book is about the offbeat roadside attraction seen driving across the country. as the ladies get free from the restroom, jerry tells denise about the tickets they have booked for the murder ride. at first the girls didn't want to go, but the boys convince them, and they head for the tour. they all sit in a hand car, and one of the tour guides pushes the car from behind. captain spalding starts the tour by introducing them to albert fish. born in 1970, a masochist child killer, sadist and a cannibal. he enjoyed spanking with nail-studded paddles and like to stuff needles in his groin as well. jerry tries to cut off captain spalding to ask a question, but he shuts him up. there are some creepy dummies trying to scare them on either side of the rail track. then captain spalding announces a second killer as mr ed gain. he used to take immense pleasure in cutting and playing with female bodies, especially their reproductive organs. after that, the captain introduces the local murderer as quentin quail, aka dr satan, a torturer and a surgeon who used to intern at the local mental hospital. the hospital was nicknamed the weeping willows because of the never-ending cries of pain of patience. dr satan believed that he could create a race of superhumans from the mentally ill peoples. finally, he was caught and hanged to a tree just a few kilometers from the museum. but the next day his body was found to be missing. mysteriously. the tour ends with the story of dr satan. as the tour ends, jerry is too hyped by the last appearance of dr satan. denise excuses them to go call his father. she finds a payphone and rings her father. she tells him that they will be late as they had to stop at this museum and the show they watched. the next scene show a reporter on tv declaring the disappearance of five cheerleaders. then we see jerry begging captain spalding to show him the tree where dr satan was hanged. he draws jerry a map for the tree and hands him a chicken while he departs. it's raining outside. when the group leaves the museum and heads for the hanging tree. the girls argue whether they should skip the tree altogether and get to their homes for halloween. on their way, they meet a hitchhiker on the side of the road. the girl named baby is standing all alone with an umbrella. they decide to pick the stranger and give her a ride home. jerry asks baby about the dr satan tree. she promises to take them to the tree as it is just near to her house. on their way to baby's house, a man shoots one of the tires of the car. bill stops the car to check what has happened. they don't have an extra tire as jerry forgot to put it in the car. baby says that her brother has a tow truck and he can help. bill and the girl start to walk to her house to get help. meantime, we see three of the five cheerleaders tied down in a room. a psychopath with long white hair is tormenting them. baby takes bill to her house and lets him inside. meanwhile, in the car, denise and mary are playing cards when a man appears. he has a tow truck with him. he starts to tow their car back to the house. while at the house, baby starts flirting with bill and offers him a warm marshmallow drink. suddenly, a car honks outside, and their friends arrive. the house of frankenstein show is playing on a screen, and all of them are watching it. denise gets worried and asks for a phone to call home. baby's mom, mother firefly, enters the room and says they don't have any phone. she introduces her son as rufus. when jerry asks if the tow truck guy can drive them to a payphone. baby gets up and leaves the room. she comes back in her nightgown. she tells her mom that rufus has gone out of town to get a new tire and will be back in a couple of hours. mother then invites them all to dinner. at the dining table, a very tall man with a mask on his disfigured face appears. mother presents him as tiny and asks him to get grandpa. mother explains the defaced and abnormal posture of tiny and why he can't speak, as he was in an accident when young. a scene midway shows us that baby has two of the cheerleaders tied in her bedroom and is tormenting one of them while the other is dead. meanwhile, at the dining table, mrs firefly asks everyone to wear the mask if they want desserts. otis, the long, white-haired man, joins the table. jerry asks otis about the tale of dr satan. otis tells him to forget it. the grandpa puts on a live show after dinner. he tells a few jokes and then gives the stage to baby for a live performance. mary gets mad as baby flirts with bill. she shoves baby down, and a fight starts. when rufus enters the house, rufus tells them that the car is fixed, and the group decides to leave the creepy house at once. they all get in the car and are about to leave when two masked men attack them. bill and jerry get attacked and wounded. then they take their masks off, and it's revealed that they are otis and tiny. they destroy the car and kidnap the girls. the next morning, at halloween, rufus tows the trashed car and takes it out of town. denise's father, donald willis, calls the sheriff, frank, and tells him that her daughter has been missing since last night. the sheriff decides to check up on her. when mary wakes up, she finds herself tied to a chair by otis. she questions about bill and requests to see him, but otis and baby have already tortured and killed bill. otis shows him the upper torso of bill attached to a fish down below. two officers follow up on denise and visit spaldings. they investigate about denise, and captain spaulding draws them the same map. after dreaming of dr satan's hanging tree, denise wakes up terrified on a bed in some room. she looks around the room and gets scared. tiny arrives and she begs him to let her go. tiny unties her. just as she is about to reach the stairs, otis appears and puts her in a cage. baby has locked jerry in a separate room, and she then goes on to torture him. meanwhile, the officers have found the abandoned car. they investigate the car, and as they open the trunk, they find a naked, dead body of a girl with the words treat trick carved onto her skin. the chief, frank, orders the officers weidel and nash to accompany. mr willis with the investigation. chief thinks he might be of some help as he is an ex-cop as well. turns out that the body is of one of the five cheerleaders who are also looking into the legend of dr satan. the cops drive to the house of mrs firefly in order to ask around about the missing kids. when the cops knock, she warns otis about the cops. mrs firefly takes a gun with her to open the door. wydell is knocking on the door. mrs firefly lets wydell inside the house, while nash and donald check around the house for any signs of happenings. they come to a door where they hear some girls screaming. they open the door's lock and are shocked when they see the rest of the missing cheerleaders tied in the room. and among them, some appear dead. nash uses the radio to warn wydell, but mother firefly shoots him point blank in the head. donald and nash try to run away, but otis comes up from behind and kills donald and then nash too. rufus and baby visit a store to buy liquor. they get home and the whole family gets drunk. meanwhile, otis has dressed up jerry, mary and denise in a rabbit suit for halloween. otis has carved up the face of donald and has worn it on his face as a dress-up. otis reveals that dr satan is real and alive, and decides to take them all to meet him. they are all taken to an abandoned ground nearby, where tiny uses a lever to bring out a coffin from a hole in the floor. mrs firefly kisses jerry and throws him in the casket, as they force jerry in the box. mary runs away. baby goes after to kill her. mary falls down while running, and baby catches up to her in the graveyard. she plunges her dagger repeatedly in her chest as mary takes her last breaths. meanwhile, rufus puts denise in the coffin too and lowers the coffin into a tunnel. otis then lowers a lamp into the hole and closes the door from top. denise tries to wake jerry up, but suddenly there is movement all around them, and terrifying zombie-like creatures start to gather around them and take jerry away. terrified, denise tries to run away from there and gets caught up in some more psychopaths who tear away her clothes. otis and baby make a bonfire and put the body of mary on it. running in the tunnels, denise finds a hallway full of skeletons covered in webs. she accidentally touches one, and the head falls off. she runs away, screaming out the hallway. she then comes to a door, opens it up and enters. as soon as takes a step forward, the huge metallic door closes behind her. she finds herself in a room full of deranged people and a lot of medical equipment around. she tries to understand it all when her eyes catch a barely alive body of jerry on the table. a person with an oxygen mask on his face is doing surgery on jerry's brain. denise screams in horror when a man with superhuman strength makes an appearance. the man is wearing a full suit with round red glasses and has an axe in his hand. denise tries to make a run, but the door is locked. the superhuman man throws the axe towards her, but misses her and open the door. denise sees the chance and hurriedly makes her way out. outside, otis and the family set fire to mary's body. while inside, denise is running away from the attacker trying to kill her. she goes through the skeleton hallway again and doesn't stop. she runs until she hits a dead end. the man catches up to her and tries to hit her with the axe, but he fails and hits one of the support beams of the tunnel. the tunnel starts to crumble and falls upon him. it also knocks out denise when she wakes up, she finds herself in the rubble with the mighty guy dead under the rocks. denise uses the debris as a way out of the tunnel. she finally succeeds in getting out of there. she comes out on the ground with fresh air and bright sunlight on her back. she walks until she reaches a road. ahead, a car comes down the road, and denise waves her hand to take a ride. she gets in the car and the driver recognizes her. the driver is captain spalding. denise asks for help and requests spaulding to take her to a doctor. after that, she faints away in the car. there's slight wickedness in his tone, and captain spalding keeps on driving. then otis shows up from the back seat of spaulding's car and holds a knife to denise. it is revealed that spalding has been behind it the whole time. denise wakes up and finds herself back in dr satan's tunnel. dr satan is doing surgery on her brain, the same way he has done on jerry. the movie ends with the screams of denise echoing in the background. thanks for watching, guys, 