[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy who cold weathers the storm every friday to bring you a breakdown on the mandalorian. this week's entry is directed by the main man, apollo creed himself. and though it gets a little rocky at times, that doesn't mean that the episode isn't a complete knockout. mando's ship is left on a knife's edge after the events of last week, and thus he takes the racer to navarro in order to fix it. i guess that's what happens when when you get help from someone who buys their sweaters at jc. penney's. anyway, i think we're all kind of used to the idea that when the series teases a new character that they don't appear in the next episode. but i have faith that we will see ahsoka next time. mando reunites with grief koga and a woman who goes by the name beep bop boop on social media in order to take down an imperial base. the episode carries some big reveals and a cliffhanger that we definitely need to talk about. but before all that, we have to go back to where we last left our heroes. you may remember that episode 3 ended with a piece of debris flying off the razor crest, and it becomes immediately clear in this episode that things are a little worse for wear. the child is attempting to fix the wiring on the ship, and they have this adorable moment where mano tries to tell him to reinsert the red wire into where the blue one is. i got a lot of vibes of rocket doing something similar to baby groot and guardians of the galaxy vol 2. and it really is an adorable scene. unfortunately, the child gets electrocuted, and he and mando settle and have some soup. i thought mando was actually going to remove his helmet, after all the stuff with bulkitan, but unfortunately he doesn't, as this is still away cutting navarro. and we jump back to the armrest lair and see that the mythosaur crest above the door has been removed. she's nowhere to be seen. but i'm sure she will return later down the line, as she's quite an important character. the base is being looted by some aqualish, and these are the same species as pondababba, who you may remember from a new hope. cara arrives and takes them out before rescuing a ferret-like creature that becomes her new best friend. who needs baby yoda when when you've got something else that loves food and is a complete nightmare? now i love how cara is also a marshal on navarro. this aesthetic was, of course, set up by cobb van in episode 1 of season 2. and in the wake of the empire's collapse, there has been a real power struggle on many planets. everyone's vying for control in this power vacuum. and it's nice that they carry on the motif here. maybe if the farm town in the first season had a fully appointed martial then things would have never got so bad for them. and who knows, mando might even retire to that planet and become their sheriff. one day, mando arrives and is greeted by karger and korra, and two of grief's best people are put on the job of fixing the razor. now, one of them looks ever so suspicious, and it's revealed at the end of the episode that they placed a tracking device on board the vessel. so that moth gideon could follow them. he obviously wants the child, but could also be after ahsoka, which emando is now going to lead him directly to. i'll talk about that in just a bit. but i love how much more vibrant navarro looks these days. the streets are full of people, and we can also spot a monument to ig-11 in the square, who was, of course, instrumental in saving the planet. in addition to these new trading opportunities, there's also been a boost in education. and we witness a school being taught by a protocol droid. the child is put in a class and even steals some macaroons from another student. oh yeah. did no one ever tell you a share? yeah, you're expelled, you scumbag. now it's not too long until mando is reintroduced to a familiar face, namely, one of the mithril that mano took in in season 1. since his capture, the character has been working off his debt with grief, and he still has difficulty seeing out of his left eye because of the carbonite he was encased in. you may remember that in return of the jedi, upon being freed, han solo was blind for quite a while. and this is obviously a side effect of the hibernation process. anyway, getting to the point of the episode, grief wants navarro to be a trade anchor for the entire sector, which will free the planet. but in order to do this, they need to destroy the last imperial base on it. and thus they head out. they plan to overload the reactor and travel through a canyon until they reach the highly unguarded front door. now, mithril is initially a bit worried about joining them, but kara manages to scare him into coming by mentioning the lava tides. you may remember that in episode 8 of season 1, when our heroes were heading through the underground of the planet, that they had to sail on a lava barge. i love how they keep these consistencies up across the seasons, and it's nice remembering that all these planets have certain characteristics. after mando takes the shortcut and the others take the elevator, they make their way to the reactor. they use a code cylinder to open a door. and this looks extremely similar to one of the rods that r2d2 had so that he could access imperial tech. upon arriving at the reactor, you also see that it echoes the tractor beam control from the death star. mithral says that they should really put up a guardrail there. and this was actually a joke in blue harvest, which was parodying star wars, namely how the empire never put any safety precautions in place after depowering it. things start to go to hell, and the episode really kicks it up a notch as the group tried to escape the base, whilst tackling the imperial forces on their way. now a big reveal in the entry comes when they arrive at a cloning lab and discover a message from dr pershing, along with some bodies that look like they may either be snoke or emperor palpatine. it's difficult to make out. but what we do learn is that the empire has been attempting to clone four sensitive beings, and that that is why they need the child. throughout star wars law, it was said that one could not copy creatures who possessed an ability to wield the force. however, rise of skywalker and did this by having palpatine and snoke both revealed as duplicates. now what i'm guessing, is that the empire learned how to clone the bodies of these characters, and then, using the blood of baby odor, they were able to place force-wielding abilities into them. pershing does say that initially there were promising effects, but the body rejected the blood of the child. this led to a number of failures, and it's unlikely that things would change. pershing warns that the volunteers shouldn't attempt this procedure anymore. i'm guessing that this could be snoke, or that it's more likely palpatine, who would clone himself before then carrying out the process on someone else. now, of course, most bodies are going to reject the blood of baby yoda, as he's not a humanoid. but someone who is is a sucker to know. i actually think that mando might lead the empire directly to her, and then she could be used to give the midichlorians from her body to palpatine, and thus create a new line of sith ahsoka doesn't identify as either jedi or sith so this would be the perfect place to start. again, all these are just theories here, but we know that pershing was a cloner, as theorized, and that the empire were attempting to harvest the blood of the child in order to create force sensitive clones. it's at this point that mando also learns morph gideon is alive. and sure, it's something we've had confirmed for some time, but the character himself did need to discover it. mando heads back to the child, and the others run through the base chased by stormtroopers. it leads to an awesome action scene with the troopers saying that they are blastum, which is a play on it's them blast them from a new hope. blast car jacks a troop transport that was helpfully pointed out to us earlier in the episode. and after escaping the base, they're pursued by thai fighters. i love how as they drive off the edge, mithral and koga are screaming, bakara is actually sitting there smirking, which is a nice bit of attention to detail for for how her character would be. speeder bikes initially follow them before tie fighters arrive, and it leads to an awesome action scene that i'm sure means carl weathers will be directing another episode, because he does such a good job. also, the ties sit with a similar sort of apparatus to moff gideon's in the first season. so i'm guessing that this is now just standard for the ships at this point. the ties completely batter the transport. and when all hope seems lost, mando arrives in the razor and blows them out of the sky. now things seem like they're gonna be alright, and captain carson actually appears at the end. you may remember him from episode 2. and the x-wing pilot likely came with wolf, aka dave filoni, the creator of the clone wars, though he's not seen another x-wing, does join carson's, so he can make some assumptions. and filoni was probably just busy that day. however, his character wasn't. and, and that is my head cunning. now, anyway, carson buys the story they give him, and he also attempts to recruit cara into the alliance. as we know, she was a rebel shock trooper, and still bears the tattoo of them on her face. now, she did turn away from them after she saw the politics first hand, and it doesn't really seem like anything has changed. memories of alderaan are stirred up for her. and as we know from a new hope, that planet was destroyed by the death star. cora says she lost everyone, and it's a really touching moment. but hey, at least she has a ferret now. now, carson says there's something going on out there, and it is likely that the empire are carrying out experiments in the far reaches of space, so that they fly under the radar of the rebels. the events that lead to the rise of skywalker are definitely teased here. and who knows if we will learn more about what's going on. we also know pershing is alive, so it doesn't seem like the cloning experiments are going to stop anytime soon. as mando and the child had do ahsoka, we discover that the moth has been tracking them, and the episode ends with him following the ship whilst preparing his forces. now these look slightly different to what he had in season one, and i kind of think that they might even be genetically altered. i don't know all the ins and outs of all the lore concerning them, so make sure you let me know if you do. but from this it almost seems like he's building a brand new army after the last ones failed to capture the child. anyway, it's a great way to end the episode. and if you're still not subscribed to the channel, then what the heck ins are you doing? we do videos like this each and every day. so if you've enjoyed it, then please drop a thumbs up. and the force will be with you always. don't forget, we're also giving away three copies of the marvel phase two box set. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the win is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. okay, so going forward, i think we will finally meet ahsoka and actually see some proper lightsaber fighting in the series. we know that the character is on the forest planet of corvus, so will be a nice little change up as a locale. now with this, i think we will also learn the truth about the child. the cloning was brought up here. and we know from his age that baby oda was alive during order 66. thus ahsoka will likely know where he came from, and which jedi fled with him and hid him from the empire. she will, of course, recognize him as yoda's kind. i think we will finally discover the truth about his origins. anyway, those are all just theories, but i'd love to hear yours in the comments section below. you enjoyed this? yeah, i know i'm asking again, but please drop a thumbs up and make sure you check out our breakdown of who ahsoka. to know is we tell you everything you need to know about to know. so, yeah, great puns as well. anyway, if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come check this on the discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time, hopefully. yeah. take care. peace. just 