welcome to the man of recaps. it's the walking dead season for the group. took in all the Woodbury survivors last season, so they have a ton of new extras to kill. things are good here at the prison. Rick's doing some farming. these guys are plucking the zombie weeds. one day, Rick finds this Irish chick who's surviving, and it's like, hey, take me back to your camp. I got three questions to ask. see if you can join us. she takes her back to her camp, but her husband's the zombie head. and she's like, huh? I'm gonna kill you and feed him to him. she's like, you know what? I'm crazy. I'm just gonna stab myself to be with my husband, by the way, what were your three questions? he's like, how many walkers he killed? how many people he killed and why? Daryl leads a supply run to the supermarket. unfortunately, lots of zombies on the roof, and they do fall down. the group makes it out though without any casualties, except for this one, the kid, who's a new guy, dating Beth Herschel's daughter. Daryl's like, sorry about your boyfriend. she's like, I'm not really expecting any my boyfriends to last long in the show. this other new guy is such a loser that he dies of like the flu. so he comes back to the zombie, starts eating the other people, which in turn makes more zombies. so pretty soon they're over on. now they do manage to kill him, although Hershel was a veterinarian. he's like, this disease seems like Pig flu. Rick's like, actually, now that you mention it, I do have a sick Pig. Herschel's, I get pig flu. called it. one of the guys who died had these two little daughters. Carol's been having story time with all the kids, but she's been secretly teaching them how to use knives. so she's like, hey girl, you got to stab your dad in the head so he doesn't come back to the zombie. bunch of chickens outs of Carl has to do it herself. the new black guy, Tyrese, has got himself a love interest. unfortunately, she gets Pig flu, so it's like, all right, quarantine for all the sick people. he goes to visit her, but all of someone killed the sick people and burned the bodies he's super sad. Tyrese is sister, Sasha, I get sick, so does Glenn, so does this new guy who's like their doctor. so Herschel's like, well, I can at least like, make some herbal tea for them act a great risk to his own health. the supply runners go to get some medicine. they do run into some trouble with zombies, but they get the meds just fine. fortunately, this guy's bag is almost lost there, but they managed to save it. Daryl's like, wait a minute. this is just booze. this is all you got? it's like, yeah, you guys had a ton of meds. I figured we could use some booze. Rick goes all CSI to figure out who killed the sick people, and somehow he realizes it's Carol. she's like, yeah, I did it for the good of the group. so he takes her on a run where they find these hippies, by the way, who want to join the group, but of course, they die immediately. anyway, Rick's like, Carol, you're banished because we don't kill living she's like, you know, I thought I was doing a good thing. but now she is out of there. she's banished back in quarantine. things are getting out of hand. and there's also some trouble with the fences that they have to deal with. but luckily, the guys get back with the medicine just in time to save all the named characters, and the day is saved, except that the governor is outside. yeah, where's he been? at the end of last season, he gunned down all his own civilians and drove off with his loyal lieutenants, who decide they're going to abandon him the first chance they get. he goes back to Woodbury, burns it down, starts wandering the earth. was an awesome Ron Burgundy depression beard. eventually he finds these two hot sisters. they give him some SpaghettiOs. they've got a daughter that reminds him of his own daughter, so he shaves and like has a reason to live again. they're sick. dad dies, turns into zombie, so he has to take him out. this traumatizes all of them, so they decide to leave. they go on the road. even though they're all sharing one big bed. he starts banging the one sister. and one day they're running from zombies, he falls in this hole, and it's his old friend, lieutenant. it's like, hey, we got this other camp now. I'm the boss now. and the governor is like, yeah, that's cool. they've got a nice little camp. it notably has a tank, awesome. and he's just hanging out with his friend. it's great. but he decides to take him out. he's like, yeah, actually, I'm gonna be in charge now. one day some zombies get into camp. he uses this as an excuse to rally the whole group and like, tell him, we need to go take up the prison. so he goes over there, he captures Michonne and Hershel and he drives up with the tank. he's like, yo, what's up, brick? just let us have a prisoner with him. kill him. Rick's like, yo, why are you guys following him? he's crazy. he's like, oh, I'm crazy. see how crazy I am? I cut off his head with the katana. yeah. so they have to shoot it out. it's this whole thing. sadly, back at camp, his surrogate daughter gets bit by an one zombie. so our mom comes and is like, I don't know, is dead? he's like, all my only reason to stay sane. so he's like, it's take time. let's just bring the walls down. he and Rick have a final showdown, but Michonne stabs him in the heart. so that's how he dies. goodbye, governor. Daryl's like, yo. I can take out a tank, no problem with my awesome Call of Duty skills. but without the walls, the prison is totally overrun. the group is all split up. now, Rick and Carl find a house. Rick's out of commission for an episode, so Carl's like, oh man, no damn rules. I'm gonna eat a whole tub of pudding. Michonne makes herself some new zombie bodyguards. we get a flashback to see she had a boyfriend and brother who were her originals. anyway, she meets up with Rick and Carl. cool for them. Tyrese made it out with probably Shane's baby and the other two girls. luckily, Carol comes back. she was nearby, and she chooses not to tell Tyreese it was her who killed his girlfriend. for now, they find the sign for a place called terminus. and I well, let's go there. Maggie made it out with some other peeps. she's still with Glenn, by the way. she put him on the bus. but then like, the bus left without her. so she's like, okay, let's find the bus. it's all over in zombies. so they take out everyone there, but luckily, no Glenn. where is Glenn? he's back at the prison still. so he dresses up in some high-level fallout armor, and he finds the surviving sister, who's like, sorry, I attacked you. I thought the governor was a good guy. so these two bust out of there, and they find these three badass looking people led by Abraham, was this military guy. turns out they're on a secret mission to get to Washington, DC, because this guy, Eugene, is a top scientist, to fix the zombie outbreak. it's like, really got the mullet. anyway, some zombies show up, so they have to take him out, but unfortunately they hit the truck, so they're out of gas. blends like, I'm gonna go find Maggie. and these guys are like, well, I guess we go with him for now. Daryl and Beth made it out together. they have a fun time camping, eating snake steaks. but then she's like, yeah, this sucks. let's get drunk. so they find this Country Club. she's like, huh? all they have is peach schnapps. is that good? Daryl, no, that is not good. we're going to go to a cabin where there's a bunch of moonshine. so these guys have a good time drinking moonshine. unfortunately, as happens if you drink moonshine, they end up fighting. and then, and I'm crying, and then end up deciding to burn their house down. stay off the moonshine, kids. Rick, Michonne and Carl stand in this house. Michelle found a new shirt. Rick seems to like his though, for some reason. anyway, Michonne Karl go on a run. but then while Rick's home, these guys bust in there. so he has to hide under the bed. and he goes the bathroom. when he finds this guys, we has to kill him. and Michonne and Carl come back. so they run out of there. they find the sign for terminus also, and it's like, well, let's go to terminus. this gangs on the way to terminus - but first they find this real nice house. and Carol's like, hey, this a nice house. maybe we just stay here for a while. but this one little girl, she likes to feed the zombies because she like, doesn't think they're bache. thinks there's like, still people. so she tells her sister, she's okay, look, I'm gonna kill my sister. she's like, yeah, she'll be a zombie now. it'll be fun. and these guys are like, oh, man, his crazy chick this. she's like, did I do bad? it's like, yeah, unfortunately, we're just gonna have to put you down. so that's traumatizing. these guys like, yeah, let's go to terminus after all. Maggie and her gang going to terminus - she leaves a note for Glenn to follow. so as soon as you see that, he takes off running. and she's like, yo, man. we're still a couple miles away. you can slow down anyway, they tracks lead to a scary, dark tunnel. so Abraham's like, yo, we're goin around because we don't want to jeopardize our mission. but Glenn's going straight through with Hera. this is full of zombies, of course. and she like, gives your foot trapped. so it's like, okay, these two are definitely to die. but the cavalry comes in, they shoot them all down. who's there. yeah, it's Madden. you should join up with this other group. and they all make it to terminus. terminus seems like a nice happy place now. like, hey, welcome. I have a burger. we're definitely not cannibals, hahaha. Daryl and Beth are hanging out having an awesome coke peanut butter pigs feet party. now these two like start flirting. it's like almost a romance art going on. we all ship it. it'd be great. but knock-knock, it's a bunch of zombies. so then, as they run away, they all get separated. and Daryl doze, and he finds his car that abducted Beth, what? so he takes off running after her. but you know, you can't chase down a car, so he like passes out at some point. and this gang finds them, and it's like, hey, you seem like a badass, dude. why don't you just join us? and Daryl like, yeah, whatever. and they're like, yeah, we're chasing down this guy who killed one of our men. and Daryl's like, yeah, whatever. unfortunately, it turns out to be Rick, was the guy at the house. and Daryl's like, yo, no, it's cool. it's my friend Rick. it's like, Oh, your friend Rick? well, in that case, we're gonna beat you up - but then Rick's like, boom, yeah, I'm gonna bite you in the neck. I learned that trick from the zombies. so this gang makes it to terminus. they decide they're gonna go in the back door to scope it out, but everything seems pretty cool. they're like, hey, what's up? and this guy's like, hey, what's up for super-nice. have a burger. would definitely ikanbilis. I can wait a second when you get this watch. that's the Herschel's watch he gave to Glenn stuff. it's out right here. so they have like a shootout, but these guys are just shooting them at their feet, you know, to hurt him there. and it's like, hey, we've got you surrounded. now get into this train car where the rest of your group is hanging out. so they're all trapped in this train cart terminus, and that's how season 4 comes to an end. 