okay, so task master is a big character in the marvel universe, known as one of the best hand-to-hand fighters in the comics. anthony masters is able to duke it out with pretty much any member of the avengers. over the years, he's featured in a number of stories, games and animated shows. and the character has been instrumental in training people like us. agent. he's pretty much the guy your girl tells you not to worry about. and because of this, he's gained a big following over the years. for better or worse, the film black widow decided to massively divert from this in order to change a lot of things about the core character of taskmaster. and yeah, it's went down worse than matt hancock giving out social distancing guidelines. coming away from the movie, it's clear that the reveal is probably the most controversial point. and taskmaster, right now, is pretty much the marmite of the mcu. jeremy johns said they were the worst mcu villain ever. my grandma said they were the best. and even after carrying out polls on twitter, it's clear everyone's opinion is very split. now, personally, i don't like the betrayal. but i know a lot of you do. so if that's the case, then i'm i'm glad you enjoyed them. i'm not someone who hates women, or even gender swapping. and in the case of flag smasher and falcon in the winter soldier, i feel that when it's done in service of the plot, that it can really work. black smasher was someone who was meant to juxtapose the might of the us. military, and this low-key, small and humble girl very much helped to paint out a normal person who was put in an extreme situation, which i think vastly aided her betrayal. for me, taskmaster is quite the opposite. and throughout this video, i'm going to be going over why the character just didn't work in my opinion. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the movie yet, then i highly recommend that you check out now. i want to see what the general feelings are towards this. so if you don't like the reveal, then please click the thumbs up button and the thumbs downs there. if you do. without the way, i hope you enjoy the video. now, let's get into why i think taskmaster sucked. okay, so in the film we learn the taskmaster is actually drakov's daughter, antonia. in the movie we discovered that the infamous budapest mission involved natasha attempting to assassinate the villain, and she was caught in the crosshairs because nat was so desperate to murder him that she was happy to sacrifice a child to do it. it's one of the darkest, if not the darkest, character decisions in the entire mcu, carried out by a hero. now, though thanos was happy to wipe out half of all life in the universe, he did it completely detached from everything, whereas nat actually had to give the order, knowing full well who and what would die. it seemed like the mcu had finally painted her out as the complex person that she really was. but they pull their punches and show that she survived it. so nat really wasn't that bad, looking back, even though she was willing to say them kids instead. the life of torture that she was subjected to is very much put on drakov, as he was the one that twisted her into a brainless and mind-controlled assassin. i feel this is a cop-out, and it slightly lessens the impact of the biggest mistake natasha ever made, meaning that she can now sleep well at night. now the next part that i feel doesn't work is the costume design. i was on twitter yesterday and someone said that taskmaster looks like a beetle borg. and i can't unsee it. you already know that taskmaster's costume was changed up massively so that the movie could be marketed to chinese audiences. but my issues go far beyond that. taskmaster is part of the red room, a program that twists and transforms women into cold-blooded killers. they clearly don't mind women being at the front and center, and don't bother to disguise what they look like or even hide their faces. therefore, i just can't understand the logic behind why taskmaster looks like a dude. there is absolutely no reason why they would make her appear as a man. and having a costume that isn't really designed for antonia's body surely would make it more difficult for her to move correctly and carry out missions. now clearly this is done because in the comics, taskmaster is a man and it's meant to throw us off the scene, so that when the reveal happens, it's a big shock if you're 5 years old. now, it's very meta that they chose to do this. and when you think about it, there's no reason why the characters in the movie would ever think to make antonia appear as a man, unless they're aware that people are watching and want a surprise. unless drakov is sitting there thinking, i want people to think this is rick mason, then, yeah, no reason for it to be in the film at all. i've asked a lot of people why they think that taskmaster is made to look this way, and no one can give me an answer that actually makes sense beyond that sort of how he looks in the comics. people have said that the suit could be keeping her alive and helping her to live. but this has been designed by drakov, a man who has a flying fortress. so you'd think that after all these years, he'd come up with something else to make it so that she could live and fight comfortably. just makes absolutely no sense when you look at things from the character's point of view. and clearly, the only reason that it happened like this was to give the audience a shock. it's putting a twist above what actually makes sense. and for me, it's one of the biggest flaws in the entire movie, as logically it doesn't stack up. grace randolph even came up with a suggestion that i think would have worked really well. and had dracov said something like, i always wanted a son, it would have worked much better also. yeah, how good is that? draco impressions. really, really good, i swear. now instead, what we have is a group of female assassins, where, for some reason, one is made to look like a man, because reasons. also, that unmasking scene looks really, really bad when we pull away and see olga's tiny head superimposed onto a bodybuilder. i don't know why they kept that shot in the movie, as it looks like she did a full body workout and skipped head day. this is really bad. and considering the mcu is normally the benchmark for things like the aging and special effects, it just makes the reveal laughable, when what we should be focusing on is how painful this is for the character. now, the next issue i have is that they nerfed the power set the taskmaster has. and instead of it being her abilities that pushed her to the forefront of the red room, it's a computer program that does all the work. one of my big issues with the film is the whole mind controlled subplot. as i think when characters make their own choices, that's far more interesting. nat had just gone on the run from the government, and i really wish that that was the thing that inspired her sister to leave the red room, rather than some magical myths that completely erases all the programming that she'd been subjected to for it's the same in the case of taskmaster, and i think it would have been far more interesting if she was someone who lived in the shadow of elena and wanted to impress her father, because the former was the favorite instead of her, though she had spent years copying, mimicking the best fighters on earth just to live up to what he wanted her to be. however, all that she saw when she looked in the mirror was a broken, disfigured woman that he would never love. and thus, her breaking free of his control, i feel, would have been a much stronger character moment. instead, though, it's just a computer doing all the work, analyzing fight patterns and making her carry them out. she's a machine at the end of the day, and that's just not interesting to follow as a villain, in my opinion. and that kind of ties into my last point, which is that olga kurolenko is criminally underused. even though she hasn't appeared in any big films for a while, i think that she's a very recognizable name, and the more positive responses online that i've seen involve her coming back into a big franchise. olga is someone who i feel always had a tough time. and quantum of solace, especially is a film that i feel is very underrated. this could have been her big return to cinema, but instead, she just gets two lines and stands about staring angrily like she watched this video before i made it. it leads to the performance being very underwhelming. and for someone that's been waiting the best part of two years to see taskmaster on screen, i feel they've massively missed the mark. to me, this isn't even taskmaster, and instead, what we get is just the name slapped onto another character, along with the mimic gimmick. so we have some cool fight scenes. i kind of feel like we might get a similar situation to the mandarin where come phase eight kevin feig, he'll come out on stage with someone in that costume and say, this is the real mandarin, guys. we know we're messed up, but but that's where this is the real one. now, those are all the reasons that the character was disappointing for me, and i know a lot of you will disagree, but i've tried to structure this video so i'm not just bashing it. and hopefully this has helped you to see things from my point of view and understand my criticisms. if you love the character, then i'm happy for you. and i'd love to see people's thoughts in the comments below. we're running a competition right now and giving away three mcu box sets on the 30th of july. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the video. we picked the winners at random at the end of the month, and those who won the last one are on screen right now. say, that's you. then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our easter egg breakdown of the movie, which will be linked on screen right now. we've pointed out all the cool little details in it, so definitely go and give it a watch, especially if you enjoyed the film without the way. thank you for singing through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 