[Music]. the predator sees humanity face off against the intergalactic race of hunters. once more, directed by Shane Black, the franchise returns to its roots and possesses an ending that definitely needs dissecting. throughout this video, I will be discussing the ending of the predator as well as the film's plot. there will be heavy spoilers, and this movie is definitely worth seeing with fresh eyes if you're a fan of the franchise. without the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie, so you don't have to be. the predator focuses on a predator known as the fugitive, trying to evade capture from a larger, more dominant version of the species. the fugitive has stolen a weapon that will allow humanity to have more of a fighting chance against the alien hunter race. illusions of Prometheus gifting humanity with fire and being punished by the gods are clear from the outset, and there is definitely a mythological feeling to the work. we discover that the weapon is a combat suit called the predator killer, or will even the playing field, as it has the predator technology woven into it and can be worn by humans. whilst the reason of why the fugitive wants humanity to take this weapon is unknown, I believe it is because the more dominant version of the predator is slowly starting to stamp out the lesser species back home. in the film predators, which preceded this movie, there was a definite tension between the two and it makes sense that there would be a civil war between them. the fugitive knows that alone, his race cannot stop the larger upgrades. however, with humanity's help, they may be able to. at the film's end, the humans managed to kill the giant predator, and we flash forward many years to discover that humanity is working on several elements of technology in order to fight the war against them. the final shot of the film, the researchers finally managed to open the pod that encases the weapon, and the armor is shot out. it attaches to a human and adapts to fit him out fully with a suit that can fight the invaders that are likely to be coming. it's an ambiguous ending that teases more of what could happen, rather than give a definitive and but I have a theory on where they may take it. personally, I think the sequel will go either one or two ways. I believe that it will either continue on earth with a huge showdown between humanity and the Predators that tears the planet in two, or that humans will journey to the Predators planet and take them head-on. while sue manatee is unaware of exactly where the Predators come from, they may be able to track the people that regularly go missing and are transported to predator on planets like the ones we saw in the film predators. this would be a great callback to the third film in the franchise. and I'd love to see Adrian Brody's character return, as he is currently stranded on that planet. predator, for me, is a series that is missing several cameos, and I think the fans deserve to see some returning characters. in the original script for the film, all swatching ago was intended to have a cameo at the end in which he would reunite with the humans and enlist them in a war against the Predators. however, this plot point was dropped when the actor turned it down. it would have been a great addition, and though they were unable to make it happen. I hope that they can have returning characters in further sequels. so what did you think of the predator? did you enjoy the reveal of the predator killer suit? or do you think that the studio are desperately trying to turn this into a superhero movie, rather than an action horror that it used to be? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film, make sure you check out my ending explained video for the none linked at the end of this one. and thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 