listen, can you imagine waking up at 6 a.m. in the morning on a January to hear the Best Picture nominee? and you're up that early and you hear the words, detective Pikachu producers, Mary pick. that would be the wildest thing in the world. like, I'm not even a die-hard Pokemon fan, but as I know, many of you probably were as well. if you all grew up playing the games on your gameboy color in the middle of the night because you just got that little light thing that gets Inspector Gadget it into your console, and you felt like technology had hit its peak. maybe you remember old YouTube. in our Pokemon played a huge part in the success of people like Smosh and how they grew. how Pokemon has the potential to be so huge. how would it be surprised at? probably not. I personally kind of really liked it. I I know that fan fans may have their logic ripes with it. I wouldn't argue with them, but my enjoyment level was at a junior price. and how would I mind seeing it again in theaters? is it really just Ryan Reynolds doing what he did in Deadpool, but now for the whole family. yeah. I mean, he didn't even change his voice. it just, it just sounds like him. I personally don't mind, because when you really look at the mathematics of Reynolds compared to the other Ryan's, yeah, he may not be the hottest, he may not be the funniest, but when you combine his numbers, ooh, his stats surpass everybody else. but I'd even argue that if they're able to play their cards right with this, pokemon has the potential to be a big enough property that can rival the MCU in the future. they already got the games, the cards, the Lord this show. for those who even claim that, oh, you know, I wasn't raised with Pokemon. I was invested with them. you you weren't invested in a talking raccoon in space with a tree kid either. now you are. see, I want a Pokemon ride at Universal. I want the Pokemon Netflix series. I want everything that they could possibly add to go along with the Pokemon Cinematic Universe. let me explain. so the movie, we follow this kid named Tim whose mom got Bandersnatch when he was younger, and then was raised without any parents because his dad decided to dip. now that he's older, he gets the news that his dad, who we never got to know growing up, died in a car accident after a failed experiments he was a part of. and he decides to go to retrieve his stuff in this new city where he was living, finds a Pikachu in his apartment, and thus we get the greatest video game movie ever make. now I would argue that the central story stands outside of having Pokemon involved. like, you can definitely see the Pokemon as a metaphor right early on. it most feels like it's about puberty, because he's yet to go through it. there's even a stigma between the dudes, making it sound like it's less about catching them all and more about catching them cheeks. he's got his wingman, he's got protection. and also there's a self-defense side of it, where you can see it as kind of like bearing arms. some people are against having a pokemon. others believe in conceal and carry with theirs. but it's a crazy dynamic in this world, because your Pokemon kind of is your pet, but at the same time it's a little too sentient. so it's almost like a a partner that you have to be compatible with. and it's not really like a sibling because you're picking it. I'm sure people will find, however, way to relate to it. by the way, the movie is definitely about growing up and moving on. but the way that it plays with genres is just fantastic. just looking at their inspirations, you can see that they had a lot of fun with it. the movie feels like a government conspiracy film at one point, then it's this awkward coming-of-age tale. it's a monster movie, then it's a noir that it almost feels like memento. and, well, I know not everyone is going to like the story. it gets really crazy the third act. but I think we can all agree that the world-building is insane. we can argue about character designs and how we would prefer them, but none of them are bad. they actually surprise me with how well they interacted with their environments or adapted their skills to a city. because the thing is, is that I'm pretty sure all the maps from the games are still valid, like all those gyms and characters could still exist out there. we can get a story about Ashe. we're just for this one in this place. called rhyme city, where integration has happened. right off the bat, it felt a lot like a live-action Zootopia for me, with the way that they had all these moving parts. they had the city that found a way to kind of include Pokemon and change and adapt for them. it's a little weird, considering that I don't know how this pokey legislation went about. like, how did they vote on these laws, on these pokey rights, if if they can't even converse with the pokey leaders a who speaks right? I don't really know how all of that works. I just know that if they had a Westworld edition of this pokey mount world of rhyme city, I'd visit it the next day. you got squirtles as fire fighters. I think I saw a Charizard firing up a brisket. bobble was a neighborhood plug. you pretty much get invested into this world, and you get used to the rules. you you understand everything that's going on. so imagine your fabric of reality just being torn to shreds when you hear another species speaking perfect English. I'd be flustered. obviously all everyone else is seeing is some weirdo conversing with this Pokemon who's just saying, but what's interesting is that it turns out that this is his dance Pokemon. which first I thought, well, if according to the rule, everyone gets their pokemon pretty young, then when the kid have met this Pikachu at some point, maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. either way, it's crazy to see that you now have a kid who never felt his father was there for him, and now he's stuck kind of taking care of the Pikachu, which his father had as a partner and did decide to keep by a side. and in case anyone thinks that this is supposed to be like Ash's Pikachu, because I know some people didn't know that there's dozens of Pikachu out there. there isn't just one, right? I was hearing some people like who were really confused, thinking there really was only one. and they thought freakin Pikachu was committing adultery or something. what's crazy about this particular one though is that it's mine. has been completely erased. it knows that it has a pokemon trainer, owner, or whatever they call him. but Tim realizes that his pops never left him. it turns out that his dad was just working really hard in order to find a way to reunite with the son before an accident happened. so if hearing a Pokemon speak English for the first time wasn't a trip enough for this kid, now he feels like Jon Snow realizing that he knows absolutely nothing about his life. everything he's known has just been flipped. and Tim's blaming himself while weighing and guilt, because he feels he's the one who now pushed his father away. I don't know what it is with all these family-friendly films having the most crazy parental issues. but poor Tim, you just wanted justice. that's what we get. this Fight Club scene where we see that battling in the city was, you know, all the regulations. it comes off more like Michael Vick than UFC, if you catch my drift. it is a cliche scene. but again, I love how it showed you a whole other side to the city that's completely different at night. there's literally a dude with a Charizard body tattoo in his neck, leading up to his head. of course, gang cars would be the ones who are feeling that night life. but Pikachu ends up even having this erectile dysfunction from infinity war because he can't use his powers for some reason. watch it along the way of solving this murder. they also befriend Nancy Drew over here, who pulls up with a Psyduck. and I'm gonna just say, if you pull up with a side compatibility with your Pokemon, I think says a lot about a person, cuz if you're a girl who's hanging out with a Psyduck, the Pokemon who's always walking around with a headache, we all know that person, right? we all know that girl. one of our boys is dating her. if you're a lady watching this video, going, I've never met that person. hmm. I also think this movie earns its spacejam certificate of innuendos. you know, the audience was taking turns laughing with this one. mr. mime would lock himself up in a box, and the kiddos were having a good laugh, but then Tim would say something like, he's good at being at home alone at night. and on the other half of the audience, I was way older, chuckled. reason I feel this has potential to expand what spin-offs it's because of how they play with tropes, like each Pokemon has a specific stereotype, which I'm sure, in their world would be a cliche. like if this movie played in rhyme city, they probably would give it like a negative on Rotten Tomatoes. but here what would be a standard interrogation scene for us, where, you know, it follows the same beats of waterboarding your suspect, gassing them up, as we like to see in children's movies. they also do that here, but there's a twist to it, because it's a mind Pokemon they're dealing with. it's a cliche, yet it feels remixed. they don't do that with the villain, though. there's a super-rich guy and his son that they keep showing throughout the movie, and you're led to believe that the son is the one who's evil. he's duping the dad. but there's a scene where senior Clifford here pretends to help the main characters, who Clifford might have the night king security, because how do these two children practically just get into this highs and narrow mind? he has this Detroit hologram display that allows you to see the world, you know, he's in a wheelchair, so he can't leave the world. so he made the world come to him. ba status. but this thing is a crazy piece of technology that allows you to see a moment in time. yet he pauses the video right as it's about to get to the big reveal, and he just tells the people, I y'all gonna have to figure it out yourselves. just show them y'all really gonna pull a brand Starke here. then you realizes, because he's a bad guy. see, old Clifford here is trying to exploit Pokemon for their genetics. he's trying to take their gene of evolution and use it on himself, since he's in a wheelchair. you know, I've heard disability groups complain about this, and, yeah, I see your guy's points. I would just be mad just because of how dummy is period, that we're talking about a dude who is filthy rich, like Tony Stark buying roads a suit so he can walk again, rich. so I don't know why he's doing this animal testing. I mean, it technically is animal cruelty. but again, they're sentient, so I don't know how much of it counts ISM, human trafficking. it's just a weird option to go. if you're trying to walk again. it gets even weirder when he puts this ready player one device on his head and starts controlling Mewtwo, like his soul practically goes into Mewtwo's body. and then he decides, for whatever reason, to take the entirety of Rime city and release this gas that will combine every owner with their Pokemon. their body just disappears. and then the pokey managers live in their edition of get out. this is systemic, and I will not stand it. was also one of the lamest pokemons, by the way. I just want to get that out there. I'm not saying he's not cool. he's got interesting powers. I'm just saying he's a scrappy-doo with a Bunter. I never trust anyone who's always switching sides. and don't even be compatible with this thing, right? creating these Coraline looking clones. remember how I mentioned the whole genre mashup? well, Danny in this movie straight up becomes mission impossible. like they don't even care that misty jr. is walking around with a boat cutter for no reason. they just have her say, don't worry about it. I was okay with it? I mean, I mean, the whole earth gets a nurse in this film. Tim sure to die easily, but he also survived Jurassic world, so you know, they're inevitable. what it does come down to is this crazy reveal, this this Mari result where I was flabbergasted, because we get this little flashback with Mewtwo, who they were doing these experiments on because he's so powerful. but I guess Mewtwo is so powerful that they had to portray him like the second coming. like, tell me online when I say that they didn't treat Mewtwo like Jesus Christ himself at the Ascension. I swear his lines in the script were probably in red. but of course, he's so powerful that all he has to do is snap and everything gets reversed. Rhyme City is restored. the bad guy is dunzo. and Tim learns that Mewtwo actually saved his father during the accident by putting his body inside of Pikachu, wiping their memories, and that's why he was able to talk to him the whole time, and how the father survived. what you mean to tell me this boy did recognize his own father's voice, who he did know a little bit of even if you don't know, like the voice voice, you would know the specific way he talks because, I mean, yeah, I mean, he didn't even change his voice. it just, it just sounds like him either way. new to then fixes the dad's body, returns his soul, as father and son finally are able to rekindle a relationship that was hindered for so many year. but I'm pretty sure the dad was hate if you couldn't tell me this before I bought you the ticket. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I'm curious to know what your Pokemon would be. you know how we said it would be Charizard, but then you grow up and you realize how much, how much of an insomniac you are, you're like, give me a Jigglypuff. give me two. I'll take those any single day. I'm here sooner. your thoughts down below in the comment section. I'm sure fans probably caught so many more things. I like the little nuances, like having the the text actually be the same font that it was in the video games. I did think they did have it to our little bogus because, you know, pokey, my courage has been Pokemon, adding that whole thing at the end, like, why'd y'all do gym like that? I don't, you know, poor Jimmy over here is still sore that Marvel broke his records now, James, James still has four more avatar movies to go. like, poor guy. but, uh, I would say this is a better version of avatar over time. about that ending. and, yeah, I don't even think the ending was that great, because it makes sense. but I am more interested in seeing this as a pilot, right? like this could be the start of so many other things. there's so many different variations of Pokemon out there. we can get stories that we like on the big screen from characters from the games, from the show. I know people would like to see ash misty and Brock. I personally just want to see the Butterfree story done right on the big screen. that's what I want to see. take your lion king, your land and give me that story. I'll be there day one, two, three and week five. I'm curious to know your thoughts about this. what you want to see in a sequel, in a reboot. it's anything dealing with this down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and we'll direct the live-action you--you'll movie. 