hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2021 comedy paw patrol. warning, spoilers ahead. a truck driver in adventure bay crashes and hangs from the town's suspension bridge. when captain turbot sees what's going on, he calls ryder, who dispatches the paw patrol pups. chase, the police dog, comes to the truck driver's rescue. meanwhile, mayor humdinger, the paw patrol's archenemy, was recently elected mayor of nearby adventure city. liberty, a dachshund, alerts the team to humdinger's infamous wrongdoings in foggy bottom. chase refuses to go because he has a history in the city dating back to when he was a puppy. but ryder persuades him to return. the team arrives at their new headquarters and settles in. meanwhile, humdinger uses a cloud catcher to clear the weather so he can perform his firework display. the show goes off the rails, and the team is notified. they slam into a traffic jam, but liberty appears and directs them to city hall. they are able to handle the situation, but chase is unable to save some people, who are instead rescued by marshall. humdinger, enraged, orders his henchman butch and ruben to eliminate the paw patrol by any means possible. a few days later, humdinger constructs a subway extension with several inversions, akin to a roller coaster. when it breaks, the passengers are trapped upside down. they are rescued by the pups, but chase freezes and must be rescued by sky chase is upset by ryder's suggestion that he take a break from his duties, so he flees and is quickly apprehended by humdinger's henchmen. the team discovers a number of missing dogs, which ryder connects to humdinger. liberty is kidnapped on purpose and taken to a dog jail, where she meets snooty valley girl poodle dolores, and saves chase and the other dogs, who then chase ruben and butch ryder leads chase to where he was discovered and explains that he chose him because he was the bravest dog he had ever met. meanwhile, the cloud catcher has gone critical, and kendra wilson, the creator, confronts humdinger. he destroys the remote and reveals his humbling her height structure. the machine sends a week's worth of bad weather our way. liberty is given her own vehicle in uniform, and she joins the team. after kendra calls the team, ryder saves humdinger, but when the building collapses, he is trapped inside. skye goes to stop the cloud catcher. chase takes a risk and saves ryder, while skye uses a kamikaze attack to destroy the cloud catcher. she ejects from her plane just as it is about to crash and flies back to the city. mayor humdinger is apprehended by the team, and chase places him under arrest for the chaos he has caused in the city, gross negligence, public endangerment and dog napping. he tries to flee as quickly as possible, but sky stops him with her mini drone. in a big ceremony, the team is given the key to adventure city. liberty becomes a full-fledged member, achieving her long-held ambition. ryder begins to speak, but is interrupted by a call from harris, one of the dogs from the dog jail, who reports that there is trouble at the waterfront, prompting the team to rush to the rescue while the theme song plays. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 