hello movie fans, and welcome to another video with movie reveals. looking to check out some great south korean cinema? there are 15 korean movies to watch on netflix right now. it seems safe to say that south korea is quickly taking over the movie industry. with recent international hits like train to busan, the handmaiden and parasite, to name a few, korea has proven itself a force to be reckoned with when it comes to movies. the country keeps churning out hits. and while korean creators clearly have a knack for specific genres like psychological thrillers and zombie films, there are many fantastic korean movies of all genres. so if you are looking for a film to watch while browsing netflix, check out these 15 great korean movies that the streaming platform has on offer. night in paradise, if you are looking for a classic crime thriller, the likes of which south korean filmmakers are known for, then the netflix original movie, night in paradise is a great choice. it's basically about a mobster who denies an offer to join a rival gang, resulting in the murder of his entire family. he then retaliates by killing the men responsible, before fleeing to an island. there, he meets a woman who suffers from a terminal illness and has little time left to live, and the two form a connection. unfortunately, his troubles follow him to the island as the gang hunts him down. south korea has a talent for creating complex and exciting revenge stories with fascinating and heroes. this one is a skilled assassin whose life gets turned upside down by his loyalty, and the one thing he cares about, his family, is taken away from him. in the woman, he finds someone who has gone through a similar situation and ends up alone, but doesn't want to be and so they begin to form a life together. their relationship becomes the emotional centerpiece of an action-packed, violent story of vengeance. time to hunt, another netflix original. time to hunt is a thriller set in a dystopian near future in which poverty is even more widespread and destructive. a group of friends, desperate to get out of the city and start a better life, decide to commit one last heist together to get the cash they need, with a popular gambling house their target. while they successfully pull off the heist, stealing a large sum of money. and the security hard drives the owners of the gambling house decide to retaliate, hiring a ruthless assassin to hunt down the four friends and get back what they stole. time to hunt is perfect for people who like heist films or action-filled dramas. and the movie is sure to keep you on the edge of your seat as the four friends fight for their lives. space sweepers, korean movies cover all genres, including sci-fi. space sweepers is set in the year 2092, after earth has become nearly unlivable, when everyone who is able has gone out to space to live. a big corporation called uts has started building an orbiting structure that would bring selected citizens to live in the constructed utopia. but those without riches or privilege are pretty much out of luck. and that includes the many who work as space sweepers, or people who collect debris from the space around earth to sell in order to survive. space sweepers focuses on a close-knit crew of these workers must face off against uts when they find a stowaway little girl known as dorothy, who is highly desired by the corporation uts claims that she is actually a robot weapon. but the crew can't help but fall in love with the girl, so they continue to debate whether they should sell her for riches or protect her from uts. soul searching, netflix's korean film offerings also include 1980s set dream bees. the 2016 film soul searching is about a group of young korean men and women who were adopted and grew up in places around the world, coming together for a summer camp experience in seoul to connect and learn about their heritage. the movie is a clear homage to the 80s era. it's a rare movie in its choice to focus on the korean immigrant experience in this way, with the characters representing a beautiful and unique blend of cultures that are rarely showcased on screen. on top of that, soul searching is a laugh out loud comedy with some really great romance between various central characters. tune in for love. tune in for love is a sweet love story that takes place over years, following star-crossed lovers through the many ups and downs of their relationship. first meeting in a bakery, the two broke close, but strange situations seem to always drive them apart. whether it's a lost email password, a broken phone or even jail time, the two can't seem to catch a break. despite that, they continue to search for one another over the years, determined to be with the other person no matter what obstacles of life stand in the way. if you are in the mood for a heartfelt, subtle romance, tumen for love is the perfect choice. okiya, while a majority of this film is in english, it is still very much a south korean film. okay is the story of a young girl who makes it her mission to rescue the super pig she raised, named okia. the animal is part of a major experiment for the meat industry, led by a power hungry american company, with the end goal being okyo's consumption. it's definitely a commentary on capitalism in america, along with the brutal treatment of animals in the food industry, most notably pigs. the story of okiyada is heart-wrenching, funny and beautiful. and it definitely forces you to think about what sort of food we consume and how it gets from the farm to the stomach. forgotten the psychological thriller forgotten, focuses on a young man who lives a humble life with his parents and older brother. one night, he sees his brother kidnapped by men on the street. but 19 days later, his brother returns, seemingly fine and acting like nothing even happened. while everything returns to normal, he notices stark differences in the way his brother is acting. and soon enough, he's convinced that it's a different person. as other strange things start happening, he works to uncover the truth of what really happened the night of his brother's kidnapping. but his search leads him down a deep rabbit hole that digs up more revelations about himself and his brother. overall, forgotten is a bit hard to explain, because if i were to get any deeper than this, i might just reveal some of the shocking twists and turns of this puzzling thriller. forgotten is a truly unpredictable story that anyone who loves movies like momento or i saw the devil should immediately add to their netflix watch list. the bros. the bros is a hilarious misadventure of two very different estranged brothers who are forced to work together after their father dies. as they go through all the traditions of a korean funeral, the older, more immature brother history teacher whose one big dream is to discover secret treasure on the family's land, while the meticulous, ambitious younger brother attempts to use the funeral to convince his family to sell the land. the two haven't seen her talk to one another since their mother's funeral, so there's a lot to work through. and to make matters worse, the brothers hit a woman on the way to their father's funeral, causing her amnesia. the bros is a dream bee that focuses on the brothers as they rebuild their relationship amidst this crazy situation. it's extremely funny, and after their whole story is revealed, you can't help but root for these meddlesome siblings and the woman who brings them back together, psychokinesis. psychokinesis is one of korea's first superhero movies, about a down on his luck security guard who isn't exactly the type of person who you think would become a hero, but after a strange meteor grants him the power of telekinesis, he attempts to turn his life around and help his estranged daughter save her business from a mod controlled construction company trying to kick her out. psychokinesis is filled with plenty of action and comedy as the main character bumbles his way through both becoming a hero for the city and a better father for his daughter. the 2018 movie is an underrated and thoroughly entertaining alternative superhero story, and it's certainly one of netflix's current hidden gems. the reservoir game, the only documentary on the list. the reservoir game is the story of journalist s investigation into the whereabouts of a rumored stash of funds held by the former south korea president. in 2013, a major development deal was made between a big korean bank and a bunch of investors, but it fell through before the project could be constructed, and the investors lost huge amounts of money overnight. as president from 2008 to 2013, lee was directly involved in the scheme and suspected of squandering away a huge sum of money. while the former president was recently sentenced to jail time for his corrupt illegal activities, the question of the missing money remained on reporter jew's mind. and so he began a deep investigation that led him to travel all the way to canada to follow a tip they received. the documentary presents a deep dive into the case and how the scam was created and put in motion. the true story of the reservoir game is interesting and complex, and it's a great look at another instance of political and financial corruption of those in high positions of power, along with a group of people who are determined to not let them get away with it. the drug king, the netflix original crime drama, the drug king depicts the life of a low-level drug dealer who rises up to become an infamous drug kempen. the character is based on a real man who built a drug empire in the 1970s, basing his operations in busan. the drug king is an intense stylistic movie, really embracing the 1970s setting in korea, while never falling short on action and drama as the lead fights to maintain his position of power. if you're looking for something exciting and gritty, the drug king is the movie to watch. the call, if you want to watch a truly mind-melting mystery thriller, the call is it. a young woman finds an old phone at her childhood home that she starts getting calls on. the strange thing is the woman on the other line claims that she's calling from 20 years in the past. both women live difficult and distressing lives, and so they find comfort and support while talking to one another. but when the woman tries to help the other through her knowledge of the future, she finds out that the consequential changes to her own life are much worse than she could have ever imagined. and the woman on the other end of the line isn't quite who she thought she was. with a story that revolves around the complicated concept of time manipulation, the call is a thrilling worst case scenario about what might happen if we could change the past. the film is led by two fantastically complex main characters with constant twists that you honestly will not see coming. wish you another romance on the list. wish you follows a shy, music obsessed keyboardist named yoon samy who works at a major record label. one day he sees a man named kang in sue singing on the street, and he falls in love at first sight. luckily for insu, who is on the verge of giving up on his music career. samy introduces insu's music to his boss, giving him a huge opportunity in order to work on his music. ensue moves into his new labels employee housing with sangi as a manager of sorts. as they spend more and more time together, romantic feelings start to develop, and sangie discovers that his love might not be as one-sided as he thought. wishu was a straightforward movie, but the love story between samy and insu is very charming and cute, and it's a great film to watch if you need a quick pick me up. wish you was a part of the slow progress of korea becoming more open to same-sex relationships. while it was almost impossible to find any such stories in korean entertainment just a few years ago, it is slowly growing more mainstream and accepted. and wish you as evidence of that hashtag alive. while more zombie movies and tv shows come out every year, some recent korean hits prove that there are still plenty of entertaining and innovative stories to tell in this genre in hashtag alive. a video game streamer becomes stranded in his apartment after a zombie apocalypse breaks out in seoul. as he slowly succumbs to hunger, thirst and depression, he connects with another survivor who lives in the apartment building across from his. the two gather together and try to hold on to hope as they do what they can to survive. the movie accurately embodies the fear and depression of isolation that many certainly felt or are feeling today, presenting a starkly human story within a varied and human premise. but don't worry if you are still looking for the trademarks of zombie films, there's still plenty of creepy, dangerous zombies running rampant through the film, with the two survivors doing their best to fend them off and stay alive. the witch, part one, the subversion. the film is a mystery thriller centered around an 18 year old girl named ya yoon, who secluded life with her adoptive parents as appended when a group of people come after her, claiming that she's the product of an experimental program that trained children to become violent weapons, giving them supernatural abilities. as yayun does all she can to protect her family from this organization, she begins to consider whether or not they might be telling her the truth, and the memory loss of her early childhood might be hiding a very unnatural and violent beginning. as you can probably guess from this plot summary, it's a brutal, no-holds-barred movie with amazing action sequences and an emotive, complicated central character. seriously, if you want to watch a fast-paced and really unique mystery thriller, you need to check out this movie now. thanks for watching. hope you enjoyed it. feel free to comment down below, and don't forget to share some love. smash that like button. go on. you know you want to see you soon. 