the participants were still reeling from the horror of witnessing hundreds of people left for dead following the game. red light, green light. all of the bodies are gift wrapped in boxes and brought to an incineration room. some of them were still alive when the guard nailed the coffin shut and pushed the participants into the incinerator. after realizing the true nature of the games, numerous players begin pleading with the guards to spare their lives. according to the game's rules, if a majority of players agree to end the game, then everyone is free to leave. the guards call a vote, but not before disclosing how much money is at stake. each fallen player is worth 100 million won, which is 84 000, and the pot can reach 45.6 billion won if just one person remains. following this vote, the 201 players must choose between the known misery of financial ruin and the unknown torment that awaits them in the next game. there is a tie with one vote left, player player001, the elderly guy. after 200 players have submitted their votes, player 1 votes against continuing, and the game ends. however, it can be restarted if the majority of the players agree to return the participants are blindfolded and tied before being released upon returning. guy hun goes to the police, but no one believes his story about the game. sangwoo is about to be arrested for financial fraud on a failed bet of 6 billion won. he has mortgaged his mother's house and her market stall. player 67, kang sebayak, who wants to smuggle her parents out of north korea. she made it to seoul with her little brother and has to leave him in a children's home. a broker has stolen the money she raised to bring her mother. player 199, ali moved to south korea with his wife and kid to make money, but his boss at the little factory where he works refuses to pay him. he flees with the money after crushing his boss's hand in a struggle, and buying his wife and child flights back home. player 101, a gangster who has got in serious trouble with other mobsters. player 1, who believes he has nothing to live for. player 456, xeong gaihan has to pay for his mother's treatment for diabetes. gaihan encounters player 1. both of them had a drink, and he reveals that he is returning to the game rather than wait and die in the real life. seong guy hun punches his wife's new husband in front of gaiyong when he offered him money to never visit his daughter. guyhan came to a realization that if he didn't do something, he might lose his daughter forever. with all of this on his mind, he decides to get back into the game. when detective wang joon-ho discovers one of the game's business cards in his missing brother's apartment, he becomes enraged. june hoe tracks down guy hung, but he refuses to aid him because he isn't in a position to do so. [Music], in the end, the detective tails the shuttle vehicle back to the game. you 