[Applause]. [Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 spanish-language drama film Roma. so let's get started. we will do our best to make sure we do submarines for all the 2019 Oscar Best Picture nominees before the awards. check out the playlist above for more nominees. summaries. the film opens in 1970 with a maid named Cleo working alongside another maid named Adela in Mexico City, in the household of Sofia, her husband, Antonio, Sofia's mother and their four young children. Antonio eventually leaves his wife, telling the kids that he is going to Quebec. Cleo ends up getting pregnant from her boyfriend, Fuhrman, and after telling him the news, he disappears. Cleo tracks and down, but Fuhrman threatens her if she ever shows up again. the family goes to a friend's place for New Year's for a fire breaks out. everyone helps to try to put out the fire. Cleo and Sofia's mother go to shop for a crib. when a violent protest breaks out. a man is gunned down in front of Cleo and another man points a gun at Cleo, who turns out to be Furman, and then runs off. just then Cleo's water breaks. it takes a while to get to the hospital due to traffic, but unfortunately, the baby girl is stillborn. the family later goes on a beach vacation, where Sophia reveals to the children that their father is leaving, and their father is currently at the house collecting his things. at the beach, two of the children nearly drowned, but Cleo saves them. on the beach, Cleo breaks down from the guilt for being relieved that she doesn't have a child, because she didn't want to have the baby at all. they return home is the film ends with Cleo telling Adela that she has so much to tell her as a plane flies overhead. so that was the spoilers for Roma. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts under various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music] 