[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1961 romantic comedy film Breakfast at Tiffany's. so let's get started. as the film opens, we see a taxi pulling up at Tiffany &amp; Company, and Holly Golightly emerges carrying her breakfast. after looking into the shops windows, she strolls home. outside her apartment, she fends off her date from the night before. later, she is awakened by her new neighbour, paul varjak, who rings the doorbell to get into the building. the pair chat as she dresses to leave for her weekly visit to Sally tomato, an incarcerated mobster. as she is leaving, Holly is introduced to a wealthy older woman who Paul has nicknamed tui. that night, Holly goes out onto a fire escape and peeks into Paul's apartment, seem to e leaving money and kissing Paul good night. after tui leaves, Holly enters Paul's apartment and learns that he is a writer. Holly talks about saving money to support her brother Fred. the pair fall asleep, but are awakened when Holly has a nightmare about Fred. when Paul questions her, Holly scolds him for prying and leaves. she later by his Paul a typewriter ribbon to apologize and invites him to a party at her apartment. there, Paul meets Jose a wealthy Brazilian politician and rusty trawler, the ninth richest man in America under fifty. one day, tui comes to Paul's apartment worried that she's being followed. Paul investigates him, confronts doc Golightly, Holly's estranged husband. doc explains that Holly's real name is Lula Mae Barnes, and that they were married when she was 14. he wants to take her back to Texas as her brother, Fred will be returning from service in a few months. after Paul reunites Holly and Doc, she tells Paul that the marriage was annulled and tells doc that she will not return to Texas with him. Holly tells Paul that she plans to marry trawler for his money. Paul learns that one of his short stories will be published, and on the way to sell Holly, he sees that trawler has married someone else. Holly and Paul spend the day together, and at Tiffany's Paul has the ring from dr. Lee's box of Cracker Jacks in grave as a present for Holly. after spending the night together, he awakens to find her gone. when tui arrives, Paul ends their relationship. Holly schemes to marry Jose for his money, which angers Paul. Holly receives a telegram notifying her of her brother's death. months later, Paul has moved out. he is invited to dinner by Holly, who is leaving for Brazil to continue her relationship with Jose. however, they are arrested in connection with Sally tomato's drug ring, and Holly spends the night in jail. the next morning, Holly is released and finds Paul waiting. he has her cat and a letter from Jose explaining he must end the relationship due to her arrest. Holly insists that she will go to Brazil anyway and releases the cat out of the cab. Paul confronts Holly about his love and her behavior, and gets out of a cab to find the cat tossing the engraved Cracker Jack ring into her lap. she puts the ring on and runs after Paul. after finding the cat, Paul and Holly share a kiss as the film concludes. so that was the spoilers for breakfast at tiffany's. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on reviews from some social media and make sure to check out our Instagram giveaways. and also remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 