Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a drama film called "Fight Club." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. A man who works as an automobile recall specialist has started to feel disenchanted with his mundane life as the stress of his job keeps building up. He spends his free time browsing through a furniture catalog and buying anything that he finds interesting, but nothing satisfies him. Apart from the stress at the office, he also has to deal with jet lag as the job requires him to travel out of the city regularly. Due to the constant pressure, he has been unable to sleep for six months. His doctor tells him not to worry too much because no one has ever died of insomnia. However, the Man says that he is also suffering from narcolepsy, causing him to wake up in strange places with no recollection of how he got there. He asks the doctor for medication, but the doctor tells him that he only needs natural sleep. When the Man tells him that he's in pain, the doctor dismisses his concerns and tells him to attend a testicular cancer support group so he could see people in real pain. One day, the Man decides to go to a meeting and listen to the people sharing their grievous experiences. Near the end of the session, he meets Bob, an ex-body builder who had his testicles removed because of a disease that causes him to produce too much testosterone. Bob opens up to him, telling him about his steroid use, which has led to his divorce and bankruptcy. Bob hugs the insomniac and tells him that it's okay to cry. As Bob holds him on his chest, the Man decides to set his emotions loose and cry his heart out. The Man has since been sleeping well at night, so he kept attending various support groups for people with severe diseases despite being in perfect health. The Man feels refreshed, and at peace every time he comes out of each session, but that feeling of tranquility is soon broken by a woman named Marla Singer, who has been attending the same support groups. Marla's presence in the same meetings that he attends bothered him so much that he had difficulty sleeping again. One night, the Man confronts Marla and threatens to expose her, but she shrugs him off and threatens to uncover his secret too. He tells Marla that he can't release his emotions when another faker is present, so he asks her to split the support groups between them. After the negotiations, they decide to exchange numbers in case that they want to switch places. Marla notices that the Man, who had been using different aliases in each support group, neglected to put his name on the card he gave to her. So she calls out to him from across the street, but the Man disappears after a bus passes between them. Despite attending the meetings, the strain of his job still weighs on him as he travels to different cities. On a flight back home, he meets Tyler Durden, a soap salesman who grabs the Man's attention by explaining his theory about the oxygen masks on planes. Tyler surmises that the masks are there to make the passengers high during an emergency, so they will be docile and accept their fate. The Man says that Tyler has been the most interesting person that he has met on a plane. After getting off the aircraft, he finds out that his briefcase was confiscated due to a mysterious vibration. When he gets home, he finds that his apartment has caught fire. With nowhere to go, he calls Tyler and invites him to a bar for a drink. At the bar, he tells Tyler about the fire and laments the loss of all his possessions. Tyler advises the Man to avoid pursuing material things because they will end up owning him instead of the other way around. Aside from being a soap salesman, the Man learns that Tyler also works as a projectionist at a theater and a banquet waiter at a luxurious hotel. But instead of doing his job well, he slips in a few frames of indecent clips into the films and sabotages the food at the restaurant by urinating on them. After the drinks, Tyler invites him to stay at his place, but before they go, he asks the Man to hit him in the face as hard as he can. The Man hesitantly punches Tyler and hits him in the ear. Tyler punches him back in the chest, causing him to stagger to the ground. Despite being hurt, the Man feels exhilarated, so they continue to fight each other. After another round of drinks, Tyler and the Man head home. When they arrive, the Man instantly notices the house's dilapidated condition, leading him to speculate that Tyler is squatting. Tyler and the Man keep on fighting outside the bar over the next few nights, and they have started to attract the attention of other men. Spectators then turned into participants, and their popularity grew to the point that they could hold the fights in the bar's basement. Each week, Tyler would lay down the rules of the fight club to welcome the newcomers. The number one rule of fight club is to never talk about fight club. Members, however, constantly break this code as they continue to invite other people to the fights. One day, the Man receives a call from Marla, asking him why he hasn't attended the support group meetings in weeks. He tells her that he has found a new group that allows only male members. Marla tells him that she emptied a bottle of Xanax but insists that she is not trying to kill herself. As Marla continues to talk, the Man gets annoyed by her voice and decides to set the phone down without hanging up. Later on, the Man dreams about Marla getting intimate with someone. However, he finds out that it wasn't a dream when he sees Marla walking around the kitchen. When the Man asks what Marla is doing inside his house, she gets mad at him and leaves. Tyler then comes into the kitchen and tells him that he had picked up the phone and talked to Marla, so he decided to visit her to keep her from overdosing. However, the police soon arrive at her apartment after someone tipped them off about Marla's condition. Tyler brings Marla over to his house and gets intimate with her after treating her. He then tells the Man to avoid speaking to Marla about him, but he doesn't tell him why. The Man becomes more annoyed with Marla, as she starts visiting the house regularly to be with Tyler. One morning, the Man receives a call from the police, telling him that a stick of homemade dynamite had been used to torch his apartment. That night, Tyler takes the Man to raid the trash bin of a liposuction clinic to steal the discarded fat and use it to make soap. When they get home, Tyler explains how soap can be turned into dynamite by just adding a few more chemicals. He then takes out a bottle of lye and demonstrates its potency by pouring some of it on the back of the Man's hand. As the Man's skin starts to burn, he tries to shut out the pain by meditating, but Tyler jolts him awake, forcing him to feel it. Finally, Tyler asks the Man to give up trying to live his life the same way he had done in the past and acknowledge that he will die someday. He then shows the Man a similar burn mark on his hand before pouring vinegar on the Man's hand to wash away the chemical. At the office, the manager finds a copy of the fight club's rules on the copier and confronts the Man. He threatens the manager, suggesting that he might bring an Armalite into the office and shoot all the people working there. Their conversation gets interrupted when the Man receives a call from Marla, who asks him for help to check for lumps on her breasts. The Man goes to her apartment, wondering why she chose to call him instead of Tyler. After leaving Marla, the Man runs into Bob, who tells him that he's no longer attending the support group meetings because he has found something new. Bob tells the Man that he's not supposed to talk about the new club that he's joined, but the Man recognizes it as the first rule of the fight club and tells Bob that he's also a member. When the two face up against each other at the club, Bob defeats the Man by forcing him to tap out from his chokehold. The fight club soon comes under threat when Lou, the bar owner, discovers its existence. While Tyler was reminding the members about the club's rules, Lou and his bodyguard arrive and tell them to leave. Lou starts beating Tyler, who just laughs it off even as he lays down on the ground bleeding. When Lou turns his back on him, Tyler grabs him and pins him to the ground. Tyler proceeds to cough blood all over Lou until he agrees to let the club use the basement. Tyler later gives the members an assignment, ordering them to pick a fight with total strangers and let them win. The Man goes to his manager and threatens to expose the company's corruption unless they pay him. After the boss fires him, the Man starts beating himself up, while the manager watches him in shock. As the Man keeps hitting himself, he recalls the night when he first fought with Tyler. He tells the boss that he'll never set foot in the office again if he agrees to write him a regular paycheck. The Man later leaves the office with the manager's promise to send him 52 weekly paychecks and 48 airline flight coupons, allowing the club to hold fights every night. Members soon receive assignments from Tyler telling them to vandalize buildings, shops, and billboards. While smashing cars on the streets with Tyler, the Man learns that there are now numerous chapters of the fight club across the country. Later on, Tyler takes out a gun from the Man's backpack and enters a convenience store. He exits through the back with the clerk and asks him what he aspired to be before working at the store. The clerk, named Raymond, said that he wanted to be a veterinarian, but he couldn't finish school. Tyler threatens to kill Raymond if he hasn't done anything to work his way up to become a veterinarian in six weeks. After Raymond runs away, Tyler tells the Man that Raymond will learn to appreciate life more when he wakes up the next day. One day, the Man discovers that Tyler had built bunk beds in the basement of their house. He then learns that Tyler had also started accepting applications for a secretive boot camp that requires candidates to wait three days in front of the house without food and shelter. Applicants soon begin piling up in front of the house, Bob being one of them. Once inside, they are subjected to manual labor as Tyler lectures them about the evils of consumerism. The Man is perplexed why Tyler started recruiting for an army. He was shocked to learn later on that the recruits had set several apartments on fire. The incident has caught the attention of the city's police commissioner, who surmises that the crime is somehow related to underground fight clubs. When the Man asks why they would commit such an act, the recruits tell him that it's part of Project Mayhem, but the rule states that no one is supposed to ask about it. In the next stage of the project, the group poses as waiters to infiltrate an official gathering at a hotel. When the commissioner goes to the bathroom, the waiters follow him there and attack him. Tyler threatens to castrate the police chief unless he calls off the investigation on the fight club. He further reveals that the men involved in the crime are the ones that people depend on to cook their meals, drive their cars, haul their trash, etc. The police chief agrees to stop the probe, and they all leave the hotel. The Man has begun to feel excluded from the club because of his lack of knowledge about their plans regarding Project Mayhem. He lashes out by beating one of the recruits to a pulp during a fight. On the way home after the fight, the Man starts berating Tyler for not including him in Project Mayhem from the beginning. Tyler, who is driving the car, tells the Man that the project belongs to the whole club, not just the two of them. Tyler drives on the wrong side of the road, and lets go of the steering wheel as he scolds the Man for refusing to forget about his past life and his individuality. The Man tries to take the steering wheel, but Tyler tells him to let go and stop trying to control everything. When the Man capitulates, they soon crash into another car. When they emerge from the vehicle, Tyler tells him that they just went through a "near-life experience." The following day, the Man looks for Tyler in their house, but he is nowhere to be seen. Despite Tyler's absence, the recruits are still busy planning their project. When the Man tries to inspect the plans, a recruit stops him, assuring him that everything is under control. Marla pays a visit to the house, hoping to come inside, but when the Man says that Tyler is not around, she decides to leave. Recruits soon arrive at the house in a panic, saying someone has been shot during an assignment. They were tasked to destroy a large art display outside a corporate building and destroy a franchise coffee bar. The mission was running smoothly until the police arrive and shoot at them, killing Bob in the process. Feeling that the group has gone too far, the Man starts looking for Tyler in the hopes that he will put an end to the dangerous project. Using Tyler's used ticket stubs, the Man flies to different cities and visits the bars and other businesses where fight clubs were founded. After striking out at various establishments, he comes across a joint where he hears employees paying tribute to Bob. The bartender welcomes the Man back, even though he isn't familiar with the place. The Man asks the bartender if he recognizes him, prompting the bartender to wonder if he is being put to the test. After being assured that he's not being tested, the bartender tells the Man that he's Tyler Durden. In his confusion, the Man returns to his hotel room and calls Marla to ask her if they've ever been intimate. Marla confirms that they are in a relationship and addresses him as Tyler. After Marla hangs up, Tyler appears in the room, expressing his disappointment with the Man for breaking his promise to avoid mentioning him to Marla. After questioning Tyler about his situation, the Man soon recalls some of the things he's done since they met. He then realizes that he and Tyler are the same person. Tyler explains that the Man has been looking for ways to change his life, so he appeared. When the Man points out that Tyler has his own jobs, Tyler tells him that the Man took on other jobs at night because he can't sleep. Tyler later tells the Man that Marla poses a threat to their plans because she knows too much. The Man soon collapses from exhaustion while they were arguing about Tyler's dangerous plans. When he wakes up, he immediately runs out of his room to fly back home. When he arrives at the house, he finds Project Mayhem's plans, which are targeting several buildings in the financial district. He tries warning the management of each facility, but he soon learns that they have all been infiltrated by the group. In his desperation, he grabs all the documents he can carry and leaves the house. He then meets with Marla and convinces her to leave the city for her own safety. After Marla gets on a bus out of the city, the Man turns himself over to the police and tells them about Project Mayhem. He reveals that Tyler wants to bomb key facilities in the business district to erase the records of credit card debts. The lead detective listens intently to the details of the plans, but he soon leaves the room to verify some of the information. With the lead detective out of the way, the three remaining officers in the room start commending the Man about Project Mayhem. However, they tell him that they have to castrate him because he apparently ordered them to take the testicles of anyone who interferes with the group's plans, including him. As the officers prepare to cut him, the lead detective knocks on the door and tells them to pay a visit to Tyler's house. The Man manages to grab an officer's gun and escape from the police station. He heads straight to one of the buildings on Tyler's list to look for the bomb. He finds it in the parking garage and tries to disarm it, thinking that he would also know how to do it because Tyler knows. When he manages to deactivate the bomb, Tyler starts beating him up. The surveillance camera monitors, however, reveal that he's only fighting with himself. Tyler then throws the Man down the stairs, rendering him unconscious. When the Man wakes up, he finds himself tied up in a room with Tyler holding a gun to his mouth. The Man begs Tyler to abandon his plan, but Tyler insists that the project must be carried out to free people from consumerism. Tyler assures him that no one will die from the explosions because the buildings are empty. The Man soon realizes that the gun isn't really in Tyler's hands but in his own. He then tells Tyler that his eyes have been opened and puts the gun in his mouth. However, when he pulls the trigger, the bullet exits to the side of his face, close to the ear. Tyler, who has a gaping wound on the back of his head, falls to the ground and disappears. Members of the club soon arrive, bringing Marla with them. The Man tells them to leave Marla with him and wait for him downstairs. After they leave, Marla starts berating the Man for sending a gang after her, but she stops in shock when she sees the wound on his head. As soon as the Man tells her that everything will be fine, the bombs start exploding, sending the buildings around them into freefall. As more buildings collapse, the Man tells Marla that she met him at a strange time in his life. 