before we begin, let me start by saying, you rich people may have a few dollars, but basically you just trash the stars of our movie today. ah, spoiler alert. the head vampire Kate Hudson's mama. I swear, Kate, you look just like her. and Kate Hudson's Mama's husband. what? they never got married? what? they had a kid? I swear the morals of this country are going straight to hell in a handbasket. that's on file. oh, did it split up? how do you know? splitting up at their age don't matter, because you done gave though the person the best use of your thighs. true. the banjo our store begins with a shot of the thing. you're rich. it was probably born on. probably came out of your mama's couch with a tennis racket in one hand, a wine spritzer and the other, ballet slippers on. you the phone feet in the to to covering. yeah. so the yacht pulls in to elk Cove, Oregon. see how it says right there below two elephants and Dean Proffitt, your neighbors prophet, answers the call the game from the yacht. because these rich folk need somebody who knows how to work. and when he arrives, he meets grant stating the third who says, this is a very expensive good. I have lots and lots of them to compensate for my tiny penis. and Dean says, yes, I'm here to work my ass off for a miniscule amount of money that doesn't make a damn bit of difference to y'all. in to the wicked to the Pacific Northwest. she probably even got some ruby slippers. she's puffing on a cigarette thicker than her husband's and is adorned with tanky shoulder-pads best suited for Freddie Mercury. I swear I seen Freddie performing an outfit just like that song and all. so basically, you know, this is gonna be a diva from the devil. so she says, have you worked for miniscule amounts of money often? and he says, oh yeah, I've been doing some minuscule amounts of money for years. so she says, I need shells for my shoes and any drawers for the drawers. what do you do to get so damn rich? what do you do? tell me, because Ron I can tell her only job is lying on her Richard, telling other people what to do, which really isn't all. while working on her closet, Dean gets moon by Johanna. and it takes a little time to examine the moon, he notices a little strawberry mark high up on one cheek that's about to slide off because that butt so flat. so anyway, when she tells him she ain't gonna pay him because he didn't do the job to her satisfaction, which is what she tells about the third every night, Dean says to her, well, I would rephrase it all Jeb style, but nothing I can write can be funnier than what he actually says. and it go a little something like this, you know, it's your problem, is huh? you so damn boat that you gotta invent things to chip out. you ain't got a single thing to do on this earth except for your hair. your closet was fine. you just needed something to take up your useless empty nail polishing, toe polishing, rich [ __ ] Sun tanning day, and the crew is us in the 99%. so she pushes him, you know, overboard, throws office in the water and says, everyone wants to be me? yeah. well, if I was a miserable, rich piece of that's what I'd have to tell myself to back at Dean's humble abode, the principal at his heathen children's new school has paid them hellions a visit. and in true heathen style, they try to light up a fire, but Dean says, no, it's cool. if y'all find can put you out with the water barrels. I used to collect rain I am not lying when I say I knew somebody who actually used to collect raining barrels and bathe in it. I am not lying. the important thing to note here are that Dean's wife is dead. he has false sons, two of which are twins, and every babysitter he's been able to afford, he's running out of that. back on the yard, Reds trying to make the boom-boom with Joanne, but she gives her excuses, and he's like, how are you? eternally on the rag, while grid is watching lifestyles of the rich and famous, Johanna wobbles up to the deck to try to find her wedding ring. and as she falls well overboard, she yells for help and because she is the cried wolf. her butt leg knows her screaming. and grant turns up the television because they both sick of the incessant nagging from that bleached blond dragon on the local channel. KRA B. they interrupt this broadcast to bring you a special bulletin. a local garbage boat has picked up a very entry ding piece of trash. and oh my god, since the nice hotel owner, my baby and then how best looking. so anyway, grant is watching the local news and sees that this piece of trash was none other than his own wife, Joanne estate. but she doesn't know she's Joanna Staton, and neither does anybody else watch him, except Brant and not Paul news Leigh, just sit there like it seems that this patient must be eternally on the rag. back to you, Wilbur. so grant does what any good husband would do, he goes to the hospital, considers taking a home Caesar, acting the pampered, then says, oh no. I don't know. y'all can keep him out. just try. but later, they show her on the news again. and it just so happens that the one other person who knows who she is, and the only man who probably hates her more than her own husband, Caesar. and unlike grant, Dean actually wants something from Joanna. he is in Monday. and as we all know, like Joanna karma is a much at the hospital. Dean collects the fancy silk underwear Joanna was wearing when they picked up that trash. and he tells everyone joanna is his wife, and then her name is Annie. Joanna insist she doesn't know team. but the hospital staff is like, but it seems like a nice guy. kind of looks like a knockoff on bait patrick swayze, and we want to get you to go down here because you just wanna save money. so he creates this elaborate backstory about how, after she got out of the Navy, he met her in Seattle at Hanks doughnut world, you know, back before all the rich folk moved into Seattle and replaced the donut joints with the frou-frou coffee shops. but Joanna keeps whining about how she wants proof. and AHA, Dean hasn't. he says she got this little strawberry shaped birthmark on her flat sheet. if the thought of revealing your hidden secrets to a vengeful redneck doesn't scare you out of wearing a thong cinto fixed the gym. just plain, no, I'm not. yes, Sam, make it. lift the punishment. begin act like I'm just riding the front, while your tribes in the back. welcome home, Annie. come on in, put on your clothes we bought you at the Salvation Army and meet you munchkins. they're real characters, very animated with lots of colorful personality. think of them like demonic Teletubbies, except all of them up. Oh yeah. paul-dean convinces joanna /ne that the best way to get her memory back is to get right back to her normal routine. except the her normal routine did not consist of anything remotely similar to boiling a freshly hunted chicken with all limbs and phalanges still attached, while you watch some children, they're supposed to be y'alls, eat chocolate syrup with raw spaghetti noodles in a kitchen that looks like it smells like butt. and now the final and most difficult chore at the end of a poor woman's day, convincing yo drunk hubby that he can provide you with the Big O. well, if you refuse to fake the Big O, you're gonna have to get wet a different way. sad. the next moanin, Dean wakes her up to get them heathens on the bus to school. and Dean's like, and yeah, since I knew you probably forget how to keep a decent [ __ ] house, I made you, Celeste. I never realized he had to be done to this, don't I decided you could work off what you owe me for 25 dollars a day, which should only tally up to a month's worth of work. but there's only what he's thinking, because if he really said that, he blows cover. dummy. you gotta spell out everything for dumb, rich folk. and this list of that needs to be done that Dean never realized needed to be done to this spell may just include feeding the fellow, just trimming away what might be considered decorations at the crib of The Addams Family. super nice, out of the Frigidaire. yeah, well, yeah, it it chips them off your frigid doing battle with an old washing machine that disses your cleaning skills. come let's go. realizing that a chainsaw is better than your hubby and literally sucking at everything you do. meanwhile, back on the yacht, brent is looking like he's spending a lot of money buying everything except some rhythm. Joanna's mother calls grant looking for Johanna, and Andrew lies to her and says, Johanna and grant went shopping, because that's a perfect alibi for you, rich boat cuz that's all y'all. and oh, look at the profits. Johanna /ne or as I like to call us Joannie, he's beginning to accept that this is her life and is really starting to settle into her new digs. when our heathen children superglue our hands to some plates, Johanna hoses all them just down in the middle of the living room. and she likes it. she yells, fire, fire, fire, and rolls around in the woods with them brats. come on, Richard, so don't just look like more fun than dancing on the out some bikini-clad whole name tofutti. okay, maybe I'd rather have tofu. the next day of school, that principal they failed to set a flame is nagging these Paul things about how they ain't too bright. and she calls for both of their parents, the real one and the rental and when the principal criticizes the kids to Johanna, she recognizes they're covered in poison oak from their little role in the woods. she goes the patrol. and Dean learns that's nice to have a Tony offside for change. therefore, we can conclude that a person's tolerance level form is strictly determined by whether she's all up in your face or someone else's. that night, Joanne, he learns that the littlest bit can't read. she has an argument with Dean about how he needs to be a better father to his children and not spend so much time with pinheads at the bowling alley. and Dean comes home that night and realizes just how damn good it is to have a perfectionist who knows how to get done. so he goes to offer her a little thank-you. see, she's turned into an itchy chief, and agrees with her that she looks kind of ugly. Oh, Dean, you really smooth, ain't you? but in the act of kindness, he offers her the bed. and in case you ain't figured it out yet, the two people always all you stop like each other every damn time. and when you Paul, your dreams are kind of small, let's just say miniature. in Dean's case, his dream is a miniature golf course and a little barbecue and the sticks. Dean and Billy are trying that damndest to find a new way to revolutionize putt-putt. and thank God. and as Johanna has traveled, the world knows about sums. so Annie draws some concept off of what they hope will become wonders of the world. many at your golf course. and again, the next night, Dean goes bowling. and this rich learns a lesson. all y'all rich just need someone to school you with. you might think we all down getting faced at the titty bar, but in reality, we're just trying to earn a living and accept whatever speed job is, watching and all your other fancy yeah, automated robots y'all built. we'll save a few bucks. ain't taking away from us and the rent. the next day, down at the prestigious restaurant, crabs are us, which is probably out of business now, just like Toys R Us, because y'all greedy corporate sons and just keep taking over everything your little business. Dean presents the miniature golf course I did to the investors because we broke. folk always need y'all, Richard, total something. and if those fish balls, which is what Paul Dean's been shoveling 90 family into second rent, no great. now the children are getting attached, and is starting to resemble a functional family. and Dean starts feeling a little guilty, so he's like, there's something important I gotta tell you, but first, I think it might be best if I go get you drunk. and after they get toothpaste at the city bar, they go outside where Dean tails are a romantic story about star-crossed lovers, name something like Katrina went on Torino or whatever, who both douve into the water to get to each other, and they both drown at the bottom of the ocean. and however, time the water splash it's them rocking the boat or getting their freak on or something. I don't know. it's long story, and probably a lot less romantic when I tell it. anyway, so the sound of my voice telling that story gets them all hot and bothered. and they go home and ruck their own boat, which is kind of stuff, if you consider she's only doing it because she thinks she's his wife. the next day, Johanna finds the silk underwear that a hers, but assumes they belong to somebody else. and you know your memory is up when you don't even recognize your own drawers. but Joanna thinks he's been creepin. and then they argue over a divorce they can't have because they you're married. so Dean tries to tell the truth, but the heath and children and Billy all lie to her and tell her they don't know what the Dean is talking about. then they go to the grand opening of the wonders of the world. Joanna's mother tells grant that he bet a Habeas joannec office. and when Johanna and Dean and their brood of brats get home, grant is there to take Johanna back to her useless, empty, nail polishing, toe polishing, rich suntanning life. and she look around like, Oh king great. all that work to get this clean, and now I gotta leave. and now everybody is miserable. the kids are miserable. Dean's miserable. Joanna's miserable. Brad's miserable, especially when everybody always trying to make him do he don't want to do. in fact, the only person the a miserable is this shrink they hired to help Joanna that knows he can make a load of money if it keeps on saying joanna is going to get back to normal in her own time, which may take decades and a load of money. and the crew that joanna shat all over until Dean exorcised the devil out of a star - kind of like Johanna, because she can throw back a shot as good as any of them. I'd like to think if I was rich, this is how I'd go about it, jab the voice of the common man, hanging out with the little people. just don't be hitting me up all alone. and then Joanna apologizes to her manservant for winning the top of the Year award 29 times in a row. then the butler says some deep [ __ ] about how Joanna has been poaching it to experience life from opposite ends of the money spectrum. and Joanna gets a little teary and goes and blows a nose on a $100 bill then Dean and Joanna both decide that they're tired of being miserable, and they go to find each other. and they find each other, food, I was good, easy. and Dean yells, good treno and Joe, anything else on to Reno. and they both jump overboard and swim to meet each other. well, Dean swimming, but Joanna don't look like she going nowhere. Luda, Jim. Jim Owens. and they smooch in the water, while grant gets kicked overboard for trying to hop on the boat with a suction cup. arrow. get out now, you dumb rich [ __ ]. well, actually, you done broke [ __ ] now. because, AHA, plot twist, all the money is actually Joanna's. you didn't really think she was going to move off of that yacht and do it every night with that man, unless he could afford to wash off the smell of sawdust and fish guts, did you? and now the whole fam devil is back together again, and the children are already Walden Debashish. and I'm not crying because it's a beautiful ending. I'm crying because these two dummies are seriously considering having a fifth child, because Joanna wants to bring into this sad world the daughter who can grow up to be a useless, empty, nail polishing, sole polishing son, painting rich just like a oh, dear God, just what we need. God - you advised of condoms, please. that includes you, Rob and if your Brazilian booty lift budget doesn't leave you $4.99 for a box of Trojans, just get your limo driver to take you down to the free clinic. they come in all colors of the rainbow down there to match all the items in your wardrobe. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your pics of meth, which you will only get when I'm able to work on new videos. until then, you just gonna have to suffer, just like if you would like to help Jeb not be broke poke any longer, and would like more videos faster, please consider becoming a member of my patreon. I have a link in the description, and I'm working on setting up some good rewards for those of you who become patrons. as much or as little as you can donate doesn't matter, because every bit helps. and by every bit, I mean every dollar bit. thank you to those who have already become patrons into those who will be doing so in the near future. for mowers. explain. for I'm Jeb Oh die. I know I should in this last line with something witty, but ain't you laughed enough today? pretty bits. love you. 