welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we break down all the latest movies, game releases, TV shows and comic books. in this episode, we're going to be breaking down the sequel to what is, in my opinion, and the greatest movie of all time. throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything that you need to know about dr. sleep, including its plot and ending. make sure you stick around until the end, where I'll be letting you know whether the movie shines, or if it's a sequel that you should overlook. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the movie yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of dr. sleep. okay, so dr. sleep is both a sequel to the original shining novella by Stephen King, as well as the film adaptation by Stanley Kubrick. even though there are several aspects in both that differs slightly, dr. sleep manages to meld the two entities into one continuity that pleases fans of both. in case you haven't seen or read The Shining, I thought I'd give a high-level plot overview of the story, just to quickly get you up to speed if you're only here for spoilers. this is a very basic outline, and the film especially is worth checking out if you haven't, because it's an absolute masterpiece. so the shining follows Jack Torrance, his wife, Wendy, and son Danny, who has an imaginary friend named Tony. Jack has been tasked with being a caretaker of the Overlook Hotel in the Rocky Mountains. and throughout the winter, his sanity slowly starts to slip, and he turns on his family, attempting to murder them. in the film, Danny learns from a chef at the hotel named dick Halloran that he has a psychic ability known as shining that allows him to see ghosts and supernatural elements that are part of the location. after being chased by Jack, Danny and Wendy managed to get away, leaving Jack to freeze to death in the hotel's maze. at the close of the movie, whilst I thought that on the whole the shining was very ambiguous over whether the ghosts were real or not, outside of one pivotal scene, dr. sleep flat-out confirms that these things did indeed happen the way that we the viewer and Jack saw them, with the evil spirits behind the hotel being a main driving force of his since dr. sleep picks up not long after the events of the shining, with Danny still haunted by the spirits of the Overlook that are continuously trying to feast upon him. with the ghost of dick Halloran as his guide, he's able to create mental boxes that can entombed the spirits. and he goes through his childhood trapping them one by one. though you would think that Danny would live a happy life after catching them all, this isn't the case. and he's grown up traumatized by the events that happened at the Overlook and his abilities, turning to alcohol in order to make his mind numb to the things around him. this all comes to a head when we jumped at two thousand eleven, and Danny is involved in the death of a one night stand who overdoses. Danny sees that she has a child and he neglects checking on whether she is breathing, thus leaving him to die as well. it's a turn that I really didn't expect. and throughout the film, I kept second-guessing whether it was all the trick, or if Danny had really made a huge mistake that led to the death of an infant. though I was initially extremely uncomfortable with the idea of it, I was reminded throughout the film that this is a universe that doesn't pull any punches when it comes to killing kids. and even though that one kid did deserve to die for what he did to the predator, it felt instantly adult and as dark of a world as the characters stated. in order to get away from his guilt, Danny moves to another town where he lives a life of sobriety for Meniere's. after befriending a man named Billy, there's an awesome call back to the overlock office when Danny is attempting to get a job, and he ends up operating as a hospital orderly that goes by the nickname dr. sleep. this is due to the fact that he eases those who are a debt store by calming them with stories about how going to the afterlife is like drifting off to sleep. it's clear he's keeping his head down and just wants an easy, uneventful life. but he is pulled into a world of danger once more when he encounters the character Abra, a young teen who, like him, has the ability to shine. Abra has unwittingly become a target of the true not, a cult of psychic vampires led by a character named rose the Hat that beat off people with the ability to tap into the spiritual world. this draining of their life force allows the true not texts in their lifespan, as long as they continue to feed, and feed they do. I was pretty shocked by just how depraved the movie gets at points. and quickly, the true not become the kind of people you just want to get as far away as possible from. Abra is an extremely strong psychic, and thus feasting upon her will grant them an even further extended lifespan that they can live off for centuries. the true not inhale as psychics, quote/unquote, steam during their death. and the more pain and agony they cause the better. whilst the opening hour of doctors sleep is quite slow and most might be put off by the pacing, it's purposely drawn out to develop these characters and give their motives for the paths that they take. in the movie, Danny is a coward, and the struggles when it comes to admitting that they need to be stopped. where is the true not due to the dwindling psychics that now exist in the world, have grown desperate and even more extreme, tracking down their targets with an almost terminate alike mindset. Abra pleads with Danny, who initially advises her to hide like him. but after he speaks to dick once more, he realizes that they will simply keep coming until the girl dies a brutal, drawn-out death. and he knows that there is no real option but to take them head-on and repay the debt for letting the child earlier in the movie and his mother die. with a help of Billy, they draw the true not out of the woods, using Abra as bait, and shoot them all one by one. this is where the movie really kicks it up a notch. absolutely loved how the plan was just to stand behind some trees and sniper them like it's nothing. boom, headshot. however, not everything goes Danny in APRA's way, and Billy ends up killing himself after one of the psychics that is known as a pusher Wilson into doing it. one of the true knots forces, known as the crow to had their own diversion, and they break into APRA's house, kill his father and kidnapper. I did know as the Abra lived at house 1980 as well, which i think is a clear call back to the year that the shining was made. anyway, while she is able to get out of the situation due to help from Danny, they realize that there is only one way to stop Rose the Hat, and that is to lure her to the Overlook in the hopes that the ghosts there will feast on her. it's an awesome premise for the finale. and watching Danny take that long drive up to the isolated location was not only a trip down memory lane for the characters, but also the viewers. the creative team really nailed all of the nuances of this journey. and the blaring orchestral score really got me hyped as they arrived at the hotel for the final act. here Danny tells abre to whilst he goes and powers of the hotel and reawakens was within it. watching him paced through the hallways and all of the iconic settings is a real blast. and it feels like pure fan service that delivers in all of the right ways, adding authenticity to the piece. Danny turns on the boiler, visits the bathroom where the infamous here's Johnny scene took place, and then goes to the Gold Room bar, where he comes face to face with his father, who is now in the position of Lloyd the barman. now people have theorized for decades where the Jack was absorbed into the hotel or not due to the ending of The Shining, and this scene indeed confirms that he has become a slave to the location, similar to Delbert Grady before him and many of the ghosts that we see throughout the movie. Jack offers Danny a drink, stating that it's medicine that will help the cure the sickness of life, but Danny turns it down, sending Jack into an angry rage that has him drinking the alcohol that he poured out for the character. this scene is brilliant, and it's an absolute picture-perfect recreation of the original scene from The Shining, though the actors slightly resembles Jack Nicholson, he really carries with him an undertone of the character that embodies the exact kind of person that Jack was, which, in reflection, cements exactly what kind of person Danny is. it's a real closing of the book on their relationship. and it reminds us that Danny, even though he exhibited many characteristics of his father, is not him. and thus, he leaves the bar ready to take rose head-on. with the help of Abra, they battle a villain, taking her mentally to the hedge maze, where Danny has kept all of the spirits of the Overlook trapped in his mind. though she escapes, and we get an awesome staircase scene that has a brilliant callback to the original Danny ends up unleashing the spirits on Rose, and they consumer. however, they turn their sights on Danny, and the Overlook itself possesses him, changing him into a maniac that, similar to his father, chases Abra throughout the hotel, eventually arriving at room 237, where she manages to overpower the Overlook, reminding it that when Danny arrived he turned on the boiler. for those who don't know, in the original shining book, the Overlook was destroyed at the end of it due to the boiler exploding. and know, this wasn't brought across of the film. this kind of brings it full circle. and watches Danny rushes to the basement, whilst Abra is to escape outside. Danny finally frees himself of the hotel, and in the boiler room, is joined by the spirit of his mother. as the avila goes up in flames. was a bruh. watches from the outside. back home, Abra discusses with Danny how she thought that he went up in flames with the location. and she worries that the world is full of people worse than Rose who may come for her. however, Danny reminds her that the world is also full of people like her, and that there are ways to fight the darkness. Abra's mother calls for her and asks who she was talking to, you, which is when we realized that Danny indeed died with the hotel, and is now acting as a mentor to the girl, similar to how dick did with him. Abra initially denies speaking to anyone. but then admits to her mother that she was speaking to Danny, and informs her that there is an afterlife and that her father, grandmother and Danny are all there in happiness. now, The Shining and dr. sleep both explore how violence is cyclical. for example, those who go through violence as children often end up being aggressive adults. and thus Danny sacrifice is an attempt to break this cycle so that he does not become his father. this might not completely remove the world of all its evil, but it may make a place that shines slightly brighter. the world is often called a dark place throughout the film, but this sacrifice at least brings some light to it. before going downstairs, Abra goes to the bathroom, and we see that she is greeted by the lady in the bath who she will no doubt trap in her own mental boxes. the spirits of the Overlook are still out there and are probably coming for her, but now she knows what to do. and unlike Danny, she will not run in fear from them, but rather embrace who she is and take them head-on. righting the wrongs of his past and making the world a safer place for psychics. that ends the film and closes out the shining saga with a satisfying ending that definitely leaves the viewer with a real sense of hope. but what did I think about dr. sleep overall? well, going into the film, I was very, very anxious and worried that this was going to be a big disappointment. as I mentioned earlier, the shining is my favorite film of all time, and I've done a couple of in-depth analysis videos of it over the years that have really gotten to the core of it. and I absolutely loved it. needless to say, it's an amazing movie with a lot of layers in it. and building up to this, the fact that they were not only trying to do a sequel to that, but also the book, had me very much in the mindset that they would fall flat on their faces or their own axes. that doesn't really work. however, I'm pleased to say that dr. sleep is a brilliant movie. and it's not only one of the best Stephen King adaptations ever made, it's also the best horror movie of the air. Mike Flanagan, the creator of the haunting of Hell House on Netflix, has cemented himself as one of the best horror directors out there. and from the off, he grounds the piece in an atmosphere that really elevates the movie and sent chills down my spine. this was an impossible task given to the creator that required a lot from him, but he quite comfortably surpassed all of my expectations. this is in part due to the phenomenal cast, who really nailed down all of the nuances of the source material. and even with many of the recasts that I imagined to take me out of it, I'm happy to say that they completely knocked it out of the park, least of all Rebecca Ferguson, who does a terrific job as Rose the Hat. she's creepy, charismatic and just has something going on beneath the surface that makes her unknowingly terrifying. but was too ding The Shining for anything. it would be that the villains in it, or rather the ghosts, didn't feel as threatening as they could be because they didn't really possess any physicality, and thus they had to manipulate Jack and Dee carrying out their bidding. juxtaposing this, the true not are very much alive, and therefore a real force to be reckoned with from the off. this all adds towards an outstanding piece that, whilst falls slightly short the kubrik version, still has a lot going on that makes it a real triumph. dr. Sleep earns its status as a worthy successor to the shiny which is a big, big statement for me to be making. this should have failed. it should have been a disappointment. but everyone has pulled something together that is very, very special. I thoroughly enjoyed dr. sleep, and that's why he gets an 8.5 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on dr. sleep. and if you agree with my thoughts on the movie or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the Halloween timeline, which would be linked at the end. we went through the full watching order with Halloween expert champagne, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more, if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on dr. sleep in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from the end to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 