welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and no matter how many times I watch the MCU, there's always something new that I noticed. after the success of our Avengers endgame breakdown, I thought I'd take a closer look infinity war to discuss some of the insane details in it that you may have missed. the movie is filled to the brim with amazing little Easter eggs, callbacks to other films and thematic devices that enrich in the world, and, in my opinion, make it the best movie in the MCU. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down some of the most obscure details, and hopefully helping you to appreciate the film in a new light. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you got dusted during the snap and somehow haven't managed to see the film yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. now, let's get into our breakdown of insane details you missed in Avengers infinity war. ok, so infinity war opens immediately after the events of Thor Ragnarok, with the sanctuary 2 ravaging the is Guardian refugee ship. the distress call itself is sent out by Kenneth Branagh, who directed the first Thor film. and this is a nice little vocal cameo by the actor and director. as for the scene itself, on the surface it seems pretty straightforward, but there's actually an amazing bit of trivia here that not only shows the matically what the movie is about, but also how darkness operates. you may have noticed that the ship is, in fact, torn in two. and from dual Ragnarok, it looks like it's being split directly down the middle. the side that we join has been completely slaughtered by than us in his forces. whereas we know from avengers endgame that the side with Valkyrie and Korg on got away unharmed. during infinity war, we discovered that Thanos rides throughout the galaxy, going planet to planet, and wiping out half of the light that lived there. the other half are allowed to live. and even in the opening of the movie, this aesthetic remains. it also pretty much gives away the ending and shows that half of all life will be wiped out. and it's an amazing way to start the film that echoes throughout it. during the opening, Heimdall sends Bruce to dr. strange. but how did he know to send the character there? well, he didn't. he actually sent Brewster the time stone rather than the Wizards. this is the place that he needed to be in order to save time, so that the group wouldn't waste it needlessly looking for the stone. we get confirmation of this in the film when Thor says, at the time and mine stone is safe on earth. and thus, Heimdall has likely been keeping an eye on its location. we saw in Ragnarok that Doran Heimdall can communicate telepathically. and I believe that Heimdall was going to send off first. however, the god of thunder told him to send hulk instead. it's very possible that Thor could have given the character permission to carry this out, and this is why the to look at one another and why Thor has such an expression. it all has met dr. strange at this point, and thus he knows that the time stone is there, and that is where Hulk needs to go. also, Heimdall dies with his eyes open. and as we know from the rest of the MCU, he was a keen watch here. thus this is a fitting death. from here, Thanos goes out on his mission, and the Loki tells the character he will never be a god. there were actually a lot of similarities between his quest and the Bible. firstly, God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he rested. this is similar to the NAS who collects six stones, and like God, he rests after completing his task. the Christian religion itself came in and pretty much wiped out the older ones, such as Norse mythology. and this is exemplified by Thanos killing Loki and destroying Thor in the introduction Ragnarok was seen as the apocalypse of the old gods. and now that this has happened, Thanos is free to come in and usher something new. Don Auster's and see himself as destroying the universe. he sees his moves as creating something new. in the film, Thanos and Gomorrah traveled to vara Mia in order to achieve the soul stone. this has many parallels to the sacrifice of Isaac, which centered around God testing Abraham by making him sacrifice his only son. like the NAS, Abraham climbed to the top of a mountain with his child in order to prove his faith. and no one angel stopped this sacrifice from happening. God realized that Abraham's love for him was true. this heavily mirrors the movie. however, where Danice diverts from it is that he actually sacrifices gomorrah. the name gomorrah itself is a reference to sodom and gomorrah, which were to ill fated cities in the bible. when Thanos finally does carry out the snap, we see those turned to dust, which to me, is also an - the phrase, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, which is often used in Christianity. also, I've noticed throughout most of the MCU that Black Panther States something ironic at some point. for example, in Black Panther, he states he never freezes. then ends up on ice. he tells the Calle that this is no place to die before passing away. and before the Battle of Wakanda, he proudly states that Thanos will have nothing but dust in blood, which air is pretty much what then ascends up gang. another interesting thing about people turning to Durst happens with spider-man's death. on average, all of the characters take less than four seconds to pass away. however, spider-man takes almost 40 seconds to disintegrate. and it is possible that this is due to his healing factor. his spidey sense could have also warned him in advance, and this is why he stumbles around. beforehand, his arm begins to turn to dust, initially, and then he slumps down, showcasing that his body was trying to repair the damage, but it just got too much for the character. his appearance in the movie is quite poetic, as not only as the character introduced through his spidey sense, but it's also how he goes out. infinity war also has a massive theme of sacrifice laced throughout. it's when vision Office's life in order to destroy the mind, stone cap says, we don't trade lives. this shows that there is a cost with winning, and in order to attain victory, you often have to lose something. Donis, of course, does end up winning, but he had to sacrifice Gamora in order to do this. and in the final exchange with his daughter, we get a sense of regret from the character, from his statement that it cost everything. the Avengers do end up winning in endgame. but it's at the loss of Black Widow and Tony Stark's life. and this theme lets you know that we always have to give something up in order to win. whilst these are all quite thematic, overarching details, there are actually a lot of minor things as well that add a lot to the movie. before Ironman creates a weapon using nanotechnology, you can see the selection pop up in the bottom of his helmet. this happens throughout the movie at several points, and shows his thought process before the programming is carried out. when he goes to suit up for the first time, we actually see him remove his glasses, and then these disappear once the suit comes over him, indicating that they too are made of nanotech. you can see the scales and the Captain America's outfit, which would of course, come to be fully on the surface. and Avengers endgame, the first thing that I'll say is is that he knows what it's like to lose, and that it turns the legs to jelly. this sets up the ending of Avengers endgame, as in that when he realizes that he's been defeated, the first thing he does is sit down. is seating at the end of the film is also carried across to the sequel. from his positioning and also the way that the camera pans across, we can also see his armor in the bottom corner, which we would come to see from the front in Avengers end game, when Doctor Strange fights Dan, asks the character Ames to pull a gauntlet off and creates mirror versions of himself. Thanos activates the soul stone to destroy this and this is why we see his ethereal form in front of the character before the spell collapses. when Thanos is speared through the chest by storm breaker, just before he disappears, we can see a slight glimmer of green, which indicates that the time stone saved his life from this fatal wound. this isn't the only moment that the time stone saved someone's life, as it brings vision back from the dead and also potentially Captain America. captor a massive punch to the head from Thanos that likely killed him. however, in reversing time, the character would have been brought back to life. that's a fan theory, but it also explains how cap was able to survive such a blow. we also see the Hulkbuster get caught in some rocks. and it would be impossible to climb out of this without severely damaging the suit. however, we can see the Hulkbuster fixed at the end. and this adds a lot of weight to the theory that the time stone reversed everything. when reversing time at Thanos, rotators hand counterclockwise, which we saw happen in Doctor Strange. dr. Strange's handshake throughout the film, which carries over from a solo movie. this trembling was repeated in endgame and nurse. it's become a character trait. the members of the Black Order all have names that link to black as well. have any more? Corvus glaive, Proxima midnight and cull obsidian, so ebony midnight obsidian and Corvis. the loki says that we have a Hulk. there's no way you missed that one. but Loki does call himself olinson. and this is a callback to Ragnarok, in which Odin greeted Thor and Loki as his sons before dying. clearly he forgave Loki, and now Loki was ready to once more embrace the family and announce him as a member. Toni mentions naming his and peppers child Morgan, which would come to pay off an in-game as the name of their daughter. he also still carries the exact same phone that Captain America gave him at the end of civil war. this is for emergencies only, or if he just wants to join the wats up group or something. throughout the film, they'll Danis wishes to commit genocide. he's also extremely honorable and sticks to his word. he doesn't really seem to kill anyone unless completely necessary. and at several points, he bargains with characters and doesn't Negin his end of the deal. low-key, exchanges the tesseract for Thor's life, and Thanos does actually spare him, though he does also blow the ship up. Gamora takes an austere varam ear so that nebula can live. and Doctor Strange also trades the time stone with the mad Titan in exchange for Tony's life. so, yeah, not a bad guy. the fight with Proxima midnight in Black Widow both end in a similar way, with the Fallen being lifted into the air, initially at Edinburgh train station. this is done by the villain to escape and later in the movie, she is lifted into the air by Scarlet Witch and killed. on top of that, there are a ton of references to other movies, most notably alien as when saving Doctor Strange, spider-man asks of Tony's seen aliens before? and then they kill more by blasting amount into space. this scene is extremely similar to the death of the alien queen, even down to the positioning more. and it was definitely intentional. spider-man pays lip service to aliens laying eggs in him like the chest burster. and also, tony Holt has gone up to drag his head immediately after this, which resembles the xenomorph in Sigourney Weaver in havens 3, when spider-man gets the iron spider suit, Ironman says, Happy Trails. and this is a nod to die hard, in which John McClane said it after shooting hands out the window. there's a ton of things adding into the movie, and I'm even tempted to do a second video, because, yeah, the film is just jam-packed. anyway, that's our entire list. and I had a blast making this video, and I hope you had fun watching it. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the tidbits. so comment below and let me know. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and if you want something else to watch them, make sure you check out a breakdown of the insane details that we know isten avengers endgame. it's one of our best videos and is definitely worth checking out. if you all Marvel trivia, every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning the Infinity Saga box set is comment below, leave a like and subscribe with notifications on you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button. you can also come chat to us on our discord server, which is gonna be linked below, or a definition whitey on Twitter. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition, you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] 