welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. black summer has just dropped on Netflix, and this zombie Horror Show has a hell of a lot to him back from it. his prequel to Z nation, has a wealth of deems to be taken from it. and it really is the perfect introduction to that show. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about black summer's ending and what it means. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't finished the a episode show, and I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I hope you enjoy this video. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of black summer. the show has one hell of an opener that kicks off the series in spectacular fashion. we follow Rose, who, after getting split with her daughter at a military checkpoint, watches her husband transform into a flesh-eating zombie and sets out on a mission to make it to a stadium the promises sanctuary, and is where her child was headed to. in the convoy. similar to this are survivors Lance who watches his girlfriend get killed in front of him. Ryan, who could have made Netflix's the silence infinitely more interesting. he's deaf, in case you didn't know. Spears, who's a quick talking killer that's as sharp as his name and masquerading as a soldier. and Barbara, who is like reverse Grand Theft Auto and is the main reason you should always wear his seat belt. whilst we don't discover the cause of what turns the people into the undead, it becomes clear early on that everyone is infected. and similar to the Walking Dead, they reanimate upon death. I guess when there's no more room in hell at the Dead, she'll walk the earth. for those who haven't seen Z nation, in that show, we pick up three years after a zombie virus has swept the world. we follow Murphy, who was a prison in May that is the only survivor of a zombie bite. and the show follows his journey to New York where a vaccine can be mass-produced. but back to this show, Barbara, whose name may be a reference to Night of the Living Dead, states that she's been on her own for six weeks, which is echoed by other characters. so it appears that this is a widespread epidemic that is slowly making its way across the country. there's also a reference to dual by Steven Spielberg when her other allies that she's traveling with a stalked by a mysterious truck. a Lord of the Flies motif makes an appearance too, when some of the characters get trapped in a school where the pupils have taken over. and as many more Easter eggs that provide each scenario with a unique danger for our characters. well, the shoulders expertly early on, is that it instantly makes you gravitate towards these characters. and even has a segment where we see the perspective of a zombie on the hunt, in one of the best one shots I've ever seen. the stories are all interconnected, and there's some amazing moments where we watch the characters pass by one another, unaware of what they awaits them. whilst the characters are all heading to the same destination, it's a path that they take that allow for variation and showcases their true agendas and mind-state. whilst each character stands strong, it becomes clear early on that this is a show about unity. though there are several obstacles that cross the protagonists paths and attempt to separate them, the survivors work better when they stick together. juxtaposing this, most of the humans who separate end up coming to a gruesome end. and this is a piece about strength in numbers. what the show does brilliantly is that it uses perspective to show how different moments intertwine as one to form a collective narrative. similar to the theme of the show. these separate stories, when brought together, form a stronger plot that echoes the strengths of the characters when they're brought together. this is seen brilliantly in the heist episode, in which the group used decoys to infiltrate a den in order to steal weapons so that they can better defend themselves. the show perfectly balances all roles to show how the group are able to move together as a cohesive unit. eventually, the US. government begin bombing black areas, which are deemed as locales that the zombies have overtaken. this includes the majority of the West Coast, which is being written off, and plays heavily into Murphy's journey in Z nation. in the end, the group discovered through the military soldiers that Spears is actually Julian James, a conman and murderer. but as he's been escorted out, Rose saves him after she realizes that there is no law anymore. everyone is trying to survive in the military will probably betray her - it's clear that everyone has their own goals. and just in the same way that Rose wishes to find her daughter, the whistling man just wants to find his dog. and it's neat that everyone still has something that they are fighting for. in the final episode, the group launched an assault on the stadium, and chaos confuse. they fight through thick and thin, and browsers eventually reunited with their daughter, though it doesn't seem like others will be so lucky. this shows that no matter what, sometimes the ones in power who we trust to protect us aren't able to do so, and are powerless when it all comes down to it. jamie king, who plays rose, when interviewed on the show, stated that it's an allegory for the detention camps at the mexico border, which were criticized for holding children. in an interview, King stated, because I knew that I had that I was rose. I just, it wasn't that I had to play her. I knew that I was her. and, and I truly mean this, it was one of the best grips I've ever read. it's like you could taste it and touch it and feel it and know it. and there was a cultural competency about it, meaning that, as a storyteller, what I care about is that there's windows and mirrors so that every person can see themselves up on screen, and and have can't relate to know that they're not alone in this world. and, and I was, I was fascinated because, you know, there was no mention of zombies or anything like that. and it was like this, this epidemic, and I never know what was gonna happen, know what was gonna happen. and it was right at the time, and children were being ripped away from their parents at the border, you know. and I have been working on Hillary's campaign for a very long time, and obviously, you know, really struggling to understand what else I could do besides making so many calls to senators and all this. and like, I was just, I and I knew, like, I was like, this is it. this is it? and it was originally written as a love letter. John hi sorta is a love letter to his wife, like the strength of what a woman can endure, and what she would do for her child, anything. and when he saw what was going on the country, he was like, that's it. and ultimately became the story of, if we continue on this path, and it's just not this country, but anywhere, what happens when the the fabric of who we are as a people is starting to be torn apart? and and you're a refugee, and you're completely ill-equipped to handle it? and so the government shutdown. there's no internet, there's nothing. and so when you jump into this story, you're jumping into it with us. and I kept asking him questions. I was like, how long has this been going on? we don't know. I'm like, well, I need to know. I'm the actor. like, well, you know, like, we don't know. and I I'm he everything just had to be, you know, it's definitely an interesting take on society, and it's what sets the show apart from others. this is a message about coming together as one, and how we will always be stronger when we have each other. this is a unique thriller, and I highly recommend that everyone checks it out this weekend. so what were your thoughts on black summer? did you enjoy it and what did you take from the show? comment below and let me know. and if you missed yesterday's breakdown of Hellboy, then don't worry, because they'll be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to Definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music]. 