[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and it's time to bring spoiling king back as we break down the new cbs series, the stand. over the next nine weeks, we're going to be going through every episode of the show to break down what you need to know about the plot and it's ending. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel to never miss a breakdown. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoyed the first episode as much as we did. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into the breakdown. okay. so the stand hits a little close to home in 2020 due to its plot, which centers around a lethal strain of influenza completely ravaging the world. within 99.4. 99.4 fatality rate, it pretty much wipes out the majority of human life on the planet. and the story centers around the survivors battling it out against the forces of evil, led by a character known as randall flagg. i will be discussing some elements of the book here, but on the whole, i'll not jump too far ahead, so you at least have some surprises as we go through this series. now we pick up at a church in boulder, colorado, and see the after effects of the disease firsthand. it completely wiped out the congregation, and not even jesus gave any mercy to the people that were in the vicinity. this opening differs from the beginning of the source material, as in that we saw charles campion leaving the military base, whereas the order sort of gets flipped around, so that we're dropped in at the deep end. here, we join harold's first day as part of the body disposal unit. and fans of the original work will likely be thrown off slightly, as things throughout the entry are ordered quite differently. king has even said that he will be changing several aspects for the series. and we do know that the ending of the season will be completely different to the book. apparently it will show us what happened to the characters after the events of the closing chapter. so there's a lot of things to look forward to, even if you're familiar with the work. this intro really shows us the aspects that humanity has been left with. and we watch harold vomiting due to the sight of bodies. this shows us the horror of everything that's going on. however, that doesn't mean it's all doom and gloom. and we catch another character collecting movies so that they have something to show humanity once it manages to rebuild itself. we also catch a poster of darkman, which i don't know if it was intentional or not, but looks very similar to the first image that comes up when you google captain trips. sam raimi, who directed the film, also cameoed in the original series, so it does feel like a sort of wink to that. now we can also catch the cover of expose magazine, which shows tom cruise, and the titles, how to make an impression and how to gain respect. someone must have played them the mission impossible lickedorio from yesterday, because, damn, in the middle of a pandemic, everyone seems to love tom cruise. now, this view of the past sort of segues into it, and it's not too long before we take a trip back five months earlier, before the disease ravaged humanity. we see how the only thing that people are being warned about on the radio is fireworks. and it makes me long for the days where the scariest news reports were talking about killer clowns on the loose. in this past, we see harold spying on his old babysitter, franny goldsmith, and we watch her talking to her father, who's come down with a bad cough. you may also notice the main t-shirt that he has on. and this location is where king is originally from, and a lot of his work is set in the source material. franny actually confessed to her father that she was pregnant before he died, but that plot point is completely absent in this introduction, which we'll talk about later. you also discover that she had a deaf brother who died at a young age. and this likely helped to shape the character that we see. lorna is caught being a peeping tom by two of his classmates. and he tries to get away from them on his bike, but comes across something that looks like a dead skunk. this sends him flying over the handlebars, and the pair post what he's been up to on instagram, ban him run the area, and he has to walk home humiliated, to make matters worse, his story soulmate has been rejected by cemetery dance publications and a number of other outlets for being, well, let's say, not quite right for them. we discover that fran actually put a nail in his wall the day he got his first rejection letter. and every time since then, he's pinned them into it, showing that he will never give up writing or his pursuit for her. little fan theory here, this entire show could actually be harold's story soulmate, in which the world ends and he and the woman he fantasizes over are left as the only people on earth, and naturally, they fall in love. i'm just saying, yeah, maybe that's the new ending king is talking about. anyway, it seems like everyone other than the immune are putting on their calling and to work sick voices. and we watch as pretty much everyone he comes across as sneezing like there's no tomorrow, which, spoiler alert, there probably isn't. now cut to a u.s army research facility in killeen, texas, and we see stu redmond, played by james marsden stew though he came into contact with the virus, actually never came down with any symptoms. and thus he's been studied as a guinea pig alongside some literal guinea pigs. hey, i'm the one who does the puns around here. whilst at his friend's gas station in our net, charles campion, a soldier from the base, crashed his car into it and came into contact with him and his pals. as we heard from the news bulletin in the prior scene, our net was completely locked down and put under quarantine in order to stop the spread of the disease. in the source material, we learned the army actually executed those trying to leave in an effort to contain the virus. but this, of course, failed, and it spread to the rest of the world. charles's story is actually how the book opened, and this reordering adds a sort of frantic feeling to the entry, as we learn that he escaped the base that was the epicenter for the virus. dr ellis kind of walks in through what happened and how deadly the virus captain trips is. he explains that he basically wants to track and trace all that came into contact with campion, because of how lethal this thing is. ellis differs slightly from his book counterpart as does cobb, because in that their names were actually dr deninger and dr elder. not a massive change, but i thought i just pointed out because, hey, we need to fill up time, delta. now, he wants to know why stu is immune, and says he will likely be the key to finding the vaccine. but due to the intro, we know that they weren't that successful. a nurse comes in and sneezes, and though she says it's just allergies, we later learned that she tested positive. cut to harald riding through the once vibrant beer to find it filled with the dead and completely deserted. after spying on franny, he fakes stumbling across her, and the story of soulmate begins. i'm just kidding, but not really. now it turns out her dad died and she's pretty much alone in this world. franny has hope that the disease will fade away, and harold starts to spew the conspiracy theories that was actually made in a lab. only thing is, we we know that's actually true here. but branny obviously isn't too happy with him, and fair enough, because the dude's a bit of a creep. they go their separate ways, and harold ends up getting a gun from a dead police officer. we never see him really use this again, but if you know the original work, you'll know that it pops up down the line. he was a spot in adler typewriter, and you may recognize this as being the same one that jack used in the shining to write his book. franny ends up burying her father in the garden. and we can also hear on the radio what i think is brian cranston playing the president. he denies the disease was manufactured and tries to maintain order. but as we know from the book, the us. did indeed create it. in the original work, they actually released it to other countries to avoid blame. and this, of course, doomed the entire planet. now, one of the more interesting aspects of the entry is frannie's dream, in which he finds herself in a field. upon reaching a flattened patch of it, she comes across mother abigail, played by none other than whoopi goldberg. abigail is pretty much the manifestation of good in this story. and she psychically reaches out to the survivors in order to help them in a fight against randall flagg, which we'll talk about in just a bit. after giving for any specific directions, harold ends up saving her life. and we watch as stu is moved to the cdc by alice and dr cobb, doctor being in quotes, because, yeah, not a doctor. now, this secure facility should keep everyone safe, but we watch ellis cough, and stu looks at him like when you're in the supermarket and you clear your throat. hey, i've been there and i thought people were genuinely gonna kill me. harold comforts franny, who tried to take her on life. and in his mind, this means that she owes him something, and that her coming with him will be her returning the favor. i don't want to get too far into the spoilers just yet, but this unrequited love becomes very important the further we get into the story, and it is important to pay attention to it. we catch stew in a similar dream to franny, but here he comes across a white wolf, which, in the book, is a representation of randall flagg. alice and everyone at the base has come down with captain trips, and he visits stew whilst coughing his lungs up. i actually really like the character development that alice got. and he pretty much symbolizes how the government made a mistake that they now massively regret. however, he doesn't ever really apologize for it. but he wants to do one last good deed for stew and save him from being locked in the facility. instead of using a scalpel on himself, he gives it to stew to use his weapon on cobb, who then arrives to kill him. we learn that cobb has been following contingency plans to clean up the mess, and that he was going to kill stew just to keep the secret about the cdc. cobb kills alice, but stew manages to stop him before he does the same to him. and he's directed out the facility by general starkey, who's completely sealed everything off. in the original work, this scene was slightly different, and stu had to do it without any help. we followed him as he tried to navigate the almost alien environment in order to escape. starkey's role differs too, as he was actually the person that oversaw the base that developed captain trips. and he spent a lot of his time monitoring camera systems as the disease spread. played by jk simmons. the character instantly leaves an impression. and he sits holding a gift from his daughter, who he learned died. starkey hadn't even opened it until he heard the news. and the clasping onto this last bit of humanity has made him realize that he has to set stew free so that some good can possibly come from this. he reads the poem the second coming by william butler yeats. and this is actually about the book of revelations, namely, the end of the world. in short, the work predicts that, no matter what, humanity will always come to an end, and that civilization is doomed to be undone. this was written after the first world war, which saw a massive amount of lives lost. and here it feels very apt as we watch similar circumstances happening. the poem also states that surely the second coming will arrive shortly. and it references the bible, which becomes pivotal in the series. starkey takes his own life after reading it. and stew makes it outside, which is where we cut defrani and harold making their way out of town. jump forward five months later to the body disposal unit, and we see harold without franny. so now know that something, or rather someone, came between them with his bird. they talk about the movies, and harold admires how his friend is able to let go of his past grudges, whilst he still holds on to his humiliations. it's here that he's called you by the wolf, aka randall flag. and we see neon signs that are common in las vegas, which actually becomes a prominent location in the work. rather than stepping away from the wolf like studed, harold approaches it, and it's here that he comes face to face with randall. we also hear this song the stranger by billy joel in the background. and this is about changing to the point that you don't recognize yourself. cut to harold doing the pointy tom cruise fingers thing in the mirror. and it looks like he's changed his personality to appear more friendly and outgoing. see this guy would would never shout at someone on set. he goes to meet fran and we see that she's now showing but we don't know who the dad is, though they do highly suggest that it's stew in the book, they met on the road, and harold became jealous over the pair, which made him completely resent him. he vows to kill them both. and we flash back to campion at the military base, which is where the virus is unleashed. this is what set everything off. and you may notice that a fur actually held the door open for him. this is actually randall flag's foot. and he purposely wanted it to ravage the world so that he could sneak in and take over. randall is a supernatural being that we catch hitchhiking. and he then appears in the back of the car, which is when we cut to the credits. randall is now instrumental to the spread. i loved watching him grinning in the back seat, well aware of the hell he's about to unleash. now what an episode that was. and i really enjoyed this first entry in the stand series. i feel like this is going to be something special. and i'd love to see you back next week as we go through it all. but don't forget that on the 30th of december we're giving away three copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is to like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the links to our socials are also in the description. and you can support the channel by clicking the join button below. and as a thank you. you get videos like this early. you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the biggest unanswered questions in tenet, which will be linked on screen. now we go over the most mysterious moments in that movie to let you know what actually happened. so it's definitely worth checking out if you're still confused. anyway, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul, and i see you next time. take care. peace. 