yeah, this is recaps wraps. we're best to run down the entire Harry Potter saga. get you ones at the ready, y'all. here we go. once upon a time in 1991, lived a wizard named Harry whose dad and mom were killed by he-who-must-not-be-named, to Baltimore for short. said harry hops on a train up to hogwarts, meets hermione and ron, the sorting had source, and they get some footage on the three-headed dog. he car the source of her stolen grants immortality to the person that owns it. Harry and his friends with dog to sleep, then find a plant, play chess, avoid flying Keys, locates girl with a turban on his head, which is hiding both. the worst Harry touches him, he's dead. well, the warts old knocks Harry out, then he's gone. but Harry is protected by his belt from his mom, which means bulwark can't harm her, only sighs. so I get the story's gonna go on and on. you're to start with a warning from Dobby, I let her see elf at the hostess tossing Harry from attorney, but he doesn't follow orders at the ticket. flying consoles up for ninety three quarters. big crashes get detention. our message is, blood is red, tint. timber of Secrets has been up, and beware, there's only applies to enemies of the air. and that is when the kid begins to wonder, hoof is Liz the rent? Harry speaks makes we've used up a little. then he stumbles up on the diarrhea sound ripped, it seems. Tom Riddle by to kill morning Berle, who's the ghost of a bastard Virginians in the middle of for ritual. when harry gets into the pass list, to save future girlfriend. [Music] and your three hairy bums up at Bart's, eating with the Dursleys. back to Hogwarts, you please, for the night. buzz Healy, tell for some reason, Dumbledore loose dippers to me. Sirius Black has escaped as a prisoner of azkaban as a butch. Dementors flyer on the placemaking Tarcoles, while also sucking base and devouring souls who Defense Against the Dark. Arts professor, losing teachers up and turn his charm, which you wish you could do away with. dementia cause harm. Desmond Browns. red bites, and Red's into Peter, seriously. but fight him. Peter Pettigrew now faces certain doom if it turns into a werewolf. custom moose the bank its way. sir, yes, another cave of the turn back time. save min replay under your for Harry's dreaming up a man is the gauntlet of fire. fix for champions. but you only be three. but he makes capito the deadly Triwizard Tournament. you begin. save your breath from Johnny. find an egg. the trophies of porky at the end of the maze. says and Harry both go away to a graveyard. Peter Pettigrew wastes spare get kills death. Peters make it worse for the more gets plugged. kill Harry, but first expelliarmus, first killing Kurtz will the more fog breaks. Harry leads to the first. I really can't believe everything's still alive. it's valve. robert start here in five with the order of the Phoenix. off the minister. he learned that Voldemort is already planning a return. new Defense Against the Dark Arts. teacher Sheen's smarmy. the kids making secret double doors. Harvey Baltimore is necessary serious dies. neither can this wealthy other survive. everyone just died in the end. both snuggler again, we learn now that workman is both apart, stored in soul, agnostic, like luck is in chaos. Dumbledore is the one they touch. the Drago's defense and genius staff what pray? tell use your senses. laughter's not to do. the enemy to theatres of attack, and they take over the ministry. return us in the form of the dough to essaouira crystal. I break the ice. get the story from food, or walk in the destroy so the wilderness we go to. masters Jessica, the deathly hallows. resurrection stones, you resurrect ghosts. Elder Wand invisibility. cloak will the more still the wand from double doors, grave trinket. turns good. we learned that stasis been helping all along because of love for Harry's mom. so here you must dice for the work. go away. but he comes back to life. sponge Death Eaters die. Harry overpowers bowls more people to the skies night. years later, he's married and her father's back at the saga of Harry James Potter, [Music]. and that was the Harry Potter saga. y'all this recap reps. leave a comment letting us know what you want to see next. we'll see you next time. mr. Bennish, what's up guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, click the box who love to see a playlist of all our other recap reps, or click the box to the right to see another dope video. be sure to subscribe to stay up to date on all the latest warp zone content. alright, I make like Ron and wave leaves pumping out. [Music]. 