[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a fantasy horror film, the curse of sleeping beauty. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. thomas is recently haunted by the same dreams in which he finds himself all alone in a wilderness. there he sees two stone monsters parting a prince's bed. in the bed lies a sleeping but sexy beauty. each time, when thomas tries to kiss the sleeping sexy he would have an unbearable headache, and then is awakened up feeling puzzled and unrest once more, he would rather stay alone at home with no intention to step out and talk to anybody. even when his friend invited him out, he would refuse, saying he has to be busy working at home. later, he goes to see the psychologist, but is told that he might have developed sleep paralysis, fermented by the sleep disorder and the recurring dream thomas tries to find a way out. one day, thomas receives a call from a local law firm. he soon learns that a man who claims to be his uncle has committed suicide and leaves him a huge property named kaiser gardens. when he sees the picture of that manner, thomas is astonished to find the manner looks exactly the same as the one in his dreams. his uncle leaves a letter to him, saying, the males of their family have been cursed. he has spent over 40 years taking care of the manner, and now he's overwhelmed. so it is time he leaves it to thomas. at the end of the letter, uncle stresses the taboo in the manner again, never enter the basement, which is sealed. driven by his curiosity, thomas goes to the ghastly kaiser gardens holding a flashlight. he walks into the messy manner, among dust and hold junk, and finds the wood door to the basement slightly open. he goes in and looks around cautiously. suddenly, he hears a weird sound from the wooden door. frightened, he immediately flees away from the basement. while he comes up to the lobby, he sees a blonde. they self introduce to each other, and thomas knows the blonde, linda, is a real estate agent for this property. hearing that uncle leaves nothing else special, but a letter linda wears a complex facial expression and attempts to check the letter. thomas says he leaves the letter in his car. hearing that, linda changes the topic and leaves the matter hastily. later that night, thomas sees the sleeping sexy in his dream again. this time, however, he kisses her successfully and wakes her up from her long sleep. the sleeping sexy tells thomas she has a kind of horny connection with him, and she has been waiting there for thomas's wake-up kiss all along. their conversation is soon interrupted by something horrible, and thomas wakes up frightened by a masked monster. the next day, the real estate appraiser is sent by linda to help with the value of the property. the appraiser tells thomas there have been people missing nearby in recent years, and all the clues point to this haunted manner. the appraiser also reminds thomas, from the structure map, there should be a hidden chamber in the basement. which makes thomas more puzzled, eager to know what's happened in the matter. thomas comes to read the manor files, and he finds a script which has the same handwriting as linda's. but while he is about to call linda, he suddenly suffers a searing pain. in a trance, he sees the masked monsters again. as soon as the pain is gone, thomas comes to meet linda immediately, begging her to let him know the truth. linda has to reveal to him what she got from her investigation. it comes out to be her elder brother, who went missing right in this matter, and 53 people have been missing during the past 125 years. while linda is ready to leave, thomas falls down to the ground because of a great ache in his body. when he's put under medical examination in the hospital, thomas sees the sleeping sexy again in his dream, where she tells him he's the only one who could wake her up, and it's the masked monsters who can find her in the dark. since she is connected with thomas. when he stays far from the manor she would be weakened and even be caused to death. when thomas awakens the next morning, he finds that he's been taken back to the manor. linda even tells him that while he's in hospital, he struggled to go back to the manor and to her surprise, when he reached the manor, he turned normal instantly and stayed calm. moments later, linda shares with thomas a shocking finding, based on her investigation, that every male successor to that haunted garden is doomed to die of some accident. the two then decide to cooperate with each other in order to figure out the secrets behind the tragedies and the death of linda's brother. soon, thomas takes linda to the entry of the basement, which is sealed firmly. but later, thomas is shocked to find he can even open the shrine door with his blood. as they walk in slowly, they come to a study room used by his uncle, and find a book with seals placed on the table. as thomas checks the book carefully, linda just tears the seals off of the book. before they have time to check the book, the lights begin to flicker and strange sounds grown from in the dark. much to their shock, the wooden puppets all come to life and approach them in terror to scream out loud and rush upstairs. outside the house, they are picked up by a paranormal investigator who is hired by linda to investigate the house. soon after, linda shows thomas some photos about the ghosts hunting the kaiser gardens. the investigator tells thomas there's a kind of spirit called gin, and somehow many jeans are attracted to kaiser gardens and turn it into their lair. those wooden puppets attacking them in the house should be the genes who are able to possess inanimate objects. the investigator also speculates that thomas may have some connections with a house, an annoyance. thomas then goes out for some fresh air and checks the mysterious book, in which he sees the sleeping sexiest confined up helpless. he believes that he must wake up the sleeping sexy so as to break the curse and set everybody free. trying to figure out what's exactly described in the book, written in an ancient language, they find code breaker, a friend of linda to decipher the book. at the same time, when the appraiser comes to kaiser gardens as scheduled, he finds nobody there, and thus keeps asking for thomas, following the strange noises upstairs. however, he's soon attacked by the evil spirits. after hours of hard work, the code breaker successfully deciphers some part of the book and reveals to the rest a hidden history of kaiser gardens. soon they discover that the family curse even dates back to the crusades, when thomas's ancestor sacrificed a virgin bride to the demon in exchange for the victory of their crusader war. however, the sacrifice summoned the evil libelus, who cast a curse on thomas's family and put the bride, sexy, in an eternal sleep. they deduce that iblis wants to occupy the girl, sexy forever in that way. so they have to awaken the sleeping sexy to break the curse. attempting to learn more, though, the group have to stop there, for the remaining parts have not been deciphered yet. right then, dudu is staying away for too long, thomas starts to suffer huge pain. the rest have to rush him back to kaiser garden. while arriving there, they're terrified to find the appraiser has been killed. with no time to waste, they race to the basement, and following the instructions, thomas crushes open the door to the underground tunnel. through it, they search slowly to a corner where they find many people made into wooden puppets, including linda's brother. right then, much to their shock, all the puppets come to life and launch their attacks. in order to save the investigator from attack, linda has to smash her puppetized brother. while on the other side, the code breaker finally deciphers the remaining part of the book. he's terrified by its contents, but unable to deliver and time the important message to people in the basement, for they have already made it to the shrine room with the masked monster on guard. while linda and the investigator distract the masked monster away, thomas bypasses it and finds sexy sleeping inside the confinement. he bites his lip to make it bleed, and then kisses the sleeping sexy without any tongue massage. shortly after, the sleeping sexy awakens from her sexy sleep, but wears a pretty vague facial expression. it's revealed that, from the rest of the book deciphered, the sleeping sexy turns out to be the real demon who's just been released by his bloody kiss. but the bloodline of thomas and his family possesses the power to unleash the demons. and his body even stores many demons inside. by pretending a helpless angle, the sleeping sexy keeps seducing and misleading thomas in his dreams. she finally takes control of his mind and makes him her puppet break the seal on herself. that's why his ancestors kept the truth in the mysterious book, trying to warn their offsprings to stay away from the sexy demon's attractions. unleashed from the seal, the evil sexy soon kills the masked monster, who's actually there to prevent the real demon from being unleashed. later, she takes thomas out of the house and then summons him to unleash all demons stored inside his body. the sky is turned totally dark, and the world is brought to the apocalypse. all of a sudden, this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 