hello people. john here from fast films, and today we're going to take a look at the 2018 spanish slasher movie called the barge people. the film flips off with a brief introduction of an old canal in which more than 150 people have disappeared over the course of the last 10 months. following the introduction, we witness a young guy jogging along the forest track. up ahead, he comes across an injured man who lays sprawled on the ground. as the young guy turns him over, the blood-battered man warns him to run away immediately. but just then we see someone raising a steel wrench rod and smashing it with full force, ultimately killing the jogger. the camera now pans to a couple. the girl named cat has arrived on the scene with her boyfriend mark, and they're here to spend the weekend. in the intermediate time, cat's sister named sophie also arrives with her boyfriend ben, and they all greet each other. it seems that ben is really busy with his phone calls and business matters and doesn't really fancy coming here. nevertheless, the group moves on. in the interim we see an old guy walking his dog in the forest. his dog sniffs around the track and locates a bloodied and battered shoe. the old man observes it, but throws it down the canal in disgust. on the other hand, the group rents a barge from an old man for their expedition. as they all get on board, the owner warns not to go too deep in the canal. moreover, he instructs them to be careful with the boat, as he doesn't want anything to happen to it. mark agrees with him, and they continue their passage along the canal. meanwhile, inside the barge, ben is getting restless and agitated as his cell phone has lost connection. sophie consoles him and asks him to calm down. and upon that, cat asks her if he's always like this. in reply, she tells kat that ben always has to take care of his business. after the brief convo, cat walks up to the deck and offers some beer to her boyfriend. mark happily accepts it and observes the peaceful serenity of the place. during that cat learns to steer the boat and asks mark's views about ben, upon which he states that he might be anti-social, as she hears it, cat requests mark to make some effort in regard to building the relationship. on the other hand, ben and sophie also snuggle close to each other and discuss the journey. mark scrutinizes the situation and states that he wanted it to be just for the two of them. sophie politely asks him to make it up to the situation, as it's their first get-together after their mother's demise. in the meantime, the camera shows us an analyst who's experimenting and analyzing the water samples from the canal. as he sits under the bridge, someone observes him from behind the bushes. back at the barge, mark stands outside the lavatory under extreme pressure. but as ben simply enjoys the delay, mark decides to go outside to relieve himself. he does so by going to a spot in the forest. and during his procession, he hears the bushes wrestle behind him. the presence of the unknown scares him, and he hurries back to the boat. meanwhile, we see the two sisters talking to each other about their boyfriends. they both admire each other's partners and how their mother would have liked them as well. the girls talk happily with each other for a long time, while the men try their luck with fishing. as mark sits beside the edge, the analyst arrives there and tells them about the cyanobacteria in the water, which has caused the species of fish to disappear, and they won't find any fish here. just then, mark's net catches the bloody chew. he observes it intriguingly, but ben kicks it back in the water in discomfort. afterwards, they continue their journey along the canal, and ben sits with cat and mark on the barge. as they talk about random things. a massive gate appears in front of them. mark advises ben to go up there and open the gate using the wrench. as the gate floods open, the barge is driven in, and slowly they pass the gates after crossing them. cat comes up to sit with mark, where he states that he's very tired and would like ben to take control for some time. upon that, cat walks down and asks ben to take the stick, but he refuses straight away. cat gets annoyed, but sophie politely requests him to do it and manages to send him up in the meantime, we witness the analyst walking along the side of the canal when something creeps up behind him and attacks him brutally. after the blackout, we go back to the barge where ben isn't a single bit interested in driving, nor does he care about anything. therefore, the results show up. as he loses the barges control while using his phone. their barge hits another boat which is parked on the side of the canal. the residents of that boat come out and start arguing and lashing out on them. instantly, mark also runs up to the deck and apologizes to the couple. but the abuse escalates, and ben calls the woman a monkey, which enrages them extensively. on the other hand, the analyst regains consciousness in a dimly lit room while sustaining intense injuries. just then we witness the poor guy being brutalized by a huge figure who stabs him repeatedly with a meat cleaver until the sorrowful guy dies mercilessly. the sun sets now, and as the night falls in the group parks the barge on a side and they walk through the dense forest. ben remarks that this place was not on the guide, but they move ahead anyway. on their way, they come across the old man who asks them about his missing dog. furthermore, he warns them about the dangers of this place at night and advises them to leave at once. but the group considers him a wreckage and crazy old person, so they ignore his warnings and move forward. after a while, they arrive at a pub where a creepy lady is the bartender. they ask if she has any meat, but she replies that they don't have it. now the girls walk away to the bathrooms, while the guys eventually rely on having white wine. as they sit on the table. the rowdy couple from the other boat also arrive at the pub and talks to the creepy bartender, who advises them not to mess this up. in the interim, sophie and cat also return to join the boys, and the couple also arrives at their table and starts a row. the fight escalates, and the guys hold each other's collars, when suddenly the bartender woman takes them at gunpoint. the ruffians then leave the place before giving a killing threat. later, as an apology, the lady offers them a special whiskey which turns out to be extremely strong. the group gets drunk from the effect, and they all stagger to the barge, while the barge owner observes them from a distance. inside, ben goes to the bedroom to sleep in, while mark sits with the girls. as they're talking. they suddenly hear a clatter outside, and mark walks outside to check it. he strolls across the barge and finds a cross marked on the board with blood. just then, the infuriated guy lunges on him from behind and knocks him down. meanwhile, the girls inside get to know that something bad has happened, and the guy named ricky walks down the stairs and throws mark on the ground. back outside, the girl named jade comes out with her younger brother and asks him to keep a lookout. the boy puts a cigarette in his mouth and stands outside. while inside the living area, we witness that the couple takes everyone hostage, and ricky puts a knife to cat's throat. during the whole procession, the camera pans outside, and the kid's eyes flash to the canal. and in the water, he perceives the horrifying sight of a deformed humanoid creature emerging from the surface, he stands aghast in horror, and suddenly turns around to find another creature upon him, who attacks the boy brutally. back inside the boat, we witness the couple performing the atrocities on cat and her companions, when suddenly the kid staggers down the stairs with a bleeding neck. jade rushes to her dying brother, while ricky hunkers down against the wall in sheer grief. as they all mourn over the tragedy. the monster steps down the stairs, and the scene fades out. after a while, cat wakes up to find everyone fastened around with ropes. mark also wakes up, and they look around to witness the terrorizing sight of the monster feeding on the boy's flesh. in the meantime, ricky is tied up in the bathtub while the cannibal monster lurks behind the curtain. during the course of events, mark struggles to get free, and he manages to cut the ropes for himself as well as for cat. suddenly, ben wakes up and screams in terror as he sees the creature. the monster looks up as well and proceeds to attack them, but mark intervenes and starts fighting the beast, eventually stabbing the monster with his own machete. in the interim, ricky also gets ravaged by the cannibal who attacks him in the bathtub and tries to eat him alive. on the other hand, sophie tries to run away, but a monster follows her to the bedroom and starts closing in on her. the fights go on, and ben arrives in the bedroom where he finds sophie to be unconscious. he cries for her and pleads to the monster to spare him, but the creature lends no mercy and starts eating him as well. on the other hand, mark and jade manage to bash one creature down, and they run to fight the other one. jade frees her boyfriend, and they decide to leave. at once. mark advises cat to go with them and contact the local police station and get help, while he stays here. despite cat's pleas, mark decides to distract the monsters and pave a path for them. as they leave, mark runs to the bedroom where the creature kills sophie and his mark lunges towards him with a knife. he ends up stabbing ben instead. he gapes in horror at the act he just committed. and suddenly the monster overpowers him. back outside, the couple limps away, and cat follows them. she tries to convince them to help everyone, and they eventually agree and start finding their way through the forest. unfortunately, the creatures surround them again, and one monster rips off ricky's arm. afterwards, he brutally eats him until he dies. away furthermore, he begins to attack jade, and the situation worsens. but cat comes to rescue just in time and smashes a machete in the creature's face. escaping from the carnage, they run away in the forest, but jade halts and claims that she isn't going any further and states that she has lost everything. cat gets argumentative and replies that she has suffered as well. but this time is not for them to argue about everything. therefore, they have to move ahead and help mark. the scene now shifts to an old wrecked shed where we see mark being held captive in a cage. he asks the creatures to let him go free, but the monster claims that they like to feed on their flesh and enjoy their suffering during the time the girls arrive there, and jade offers her help to distract the creatures so that cat can free mark from the cage. eventually, she implements her plan and charges at the creatures and kills one of them by stabbing him in the chest. the other one then attacks her, and a massive fight erupts between the two of them behind their backs. cat manages to liberate mark from the cage, and they both run away to an empty shed where she lays him down. he speaks to her in a melancholic tone and asks her to get help right away. after much consideration, she agrees and runs away through the forest until she comes across a car on the road. she jumps in front of it and asks the driver for help. he lets her inside and they drive away. during the ride, she explains everything that has happened so far and how frightening it is in the dark night, their drive comes to a halt as the car's tire gets punctured. despite cat's warnings, the man gets out to change the tire, and suddenly the creature appears in front of the car. he holds an axe, and he doesn't even flinch before using it on the man. he brutally murders him with the axe and enters the car's cabin to capture cat, but she flees from the other side for the safety of her dear life. she dashes through the forest while the creature chases her. nevertheless, she manages to return to the shed, but finds out that mark is not there. suddenly, the creature arrives there as well, and the battle begins between the two of them. cat manages to throw him down after some struggle, and then uses a wooden plank to ultimately kill him. afterwards, she staggers to a side where she falls down in a ditch. there she comes across the old man who warned them about the dangers. the elderly man then explains that these deformed cannibals were banished and exiled from the society 35 years ago, and since then, they've been living in the canal and feeding on the tourists. as he finishes his talk, suddenly another creature appears in the cavern, and cat witnesses him dragging away sophie's body. she cries in grief and terror and tries to hide, but the creature locates her and knocks her unconscious with a rock. cat then wakes up again and comes face to face with the pub lady, who feeds her a bowl of meat soup. cat becomes hesitant upon eating it, but the lady ensures that it's their new batch of meat. but reality dawns on her soon, and it becomes known that it's sophie's meet. cat recoils in utmost disgust in anguish. but suddenly two creatures arrive there as well, and the lady claims them to be her family. the monsters then lunge a cat, but she frees herself and runs aside to grab the shotgun. in one burst, she kills one of the monsters and stabs the other one in the head with a spoon. she pushes his head hard on the table and kills him. afterwards, she runs outside where she witnesses the aged barge owner standing outside with mark on the front. in front of cat's eyes, he brutally kills her boyfriend and states that he wanted her to feel what it's like to lose your family. following the turmoil, the bartender lady also arrives there, and both the cannibal heads drag cat away and put her away in a cell as their food. for the morning she cries in helplessness. the following morning, we see the old man driving the barge back in the canal and looking for more victims. and with that, the movie comes to an end. thanks for watching, guys, 