Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen everyone has birthdays: Some good some bad. It's all fun and games until it isn't. This is THE GAME The movie begins of a flashback to a family photo (film) of an extravagant birthday party a playful time for our protagonist Nicolas van Orton now a wealthy investment banker, in control and always cool who on his birthday is told he got a call from Mr. Seymour Butts he makes a reservation at an upscale restaurant where we meet Seymour Butts who is actually his younger brother Conrad who seems to be a troubled young man Conrad comes to wish him a happy 40th birthday and gives Nicholas an unusual gift a voucher for a game offered by the company Consumer Recreation Services (CRS for short) Conrad tells him it will change his life and then has a staff singing my happy birthday much to his chagrin. Nicholas heads home and while he drives he has a flashback to when he was a boy coming back home only to see a person stand on top of the roof of his house. At home he eats alone with the only company being a phone call from his estranged ex-wife Elizabeth who checks in on him since Nicholas dad was 48 just like Nicholas now, when he committed suicide it becomes strained after that and Nicholas ends the call early but it gets Nicholas thinking about the CRS's game and he's a flashback once more this time we see that the man on the roof is Nick's dad who jumps to his death Nicholas has doubts about CRS but he makes a hesitative decision to have a look at CRS's offices to apply for The Game. He meets Jim Feingold who takes into his office to introduce him to The Game where he finds out his brother was a client there but first he has to take a bunch of long time consuming psychological and physical tests that take him all day to complete. Just so he can qualify for the game and even after the tests are complete he has to wait for the results be processed. He's reluctant because he has no idea of this so-called game is but Jim tells him that it is different for everyone and that he can always quit if he doesn't like it so Nick agrees; after an afternoon playing squash he overhears two businessmen talk in the locker room about their experiences with CRS and their game he joins them later in a bar and asks them what the experience of the game to which the two businessman are evasive and cryptic but recommended it. Before leaving one of the guys references a passage in the Bible "Where once I was blind now I see." All thanks to the Game to which Nicholas is left stunned The next day at a board room meeting Nicholas gets a phone call from CRS and finds out that his application was rejected and he can't join to play the game that night he arrives home where he sees a body laying the ground in the same way his dad was laying after he jumped though one closer inspection it's actually a clown doll bringing it in inside he pulls out a card of a key attached at the end of it bearing the letters CRS back in his study with a clown doll seated he fiddles with it when the TV begins glitching out and the newscaster talks to Nicholas the newscaster on the TV welcomes Nicholas to the game telling him that he must find him many other Keys like the one Nick just found and that they'll help him later though he will never know how a conversation between the newscaster Nikolas ensues with the newscaster admitting that he can see exactly what Nikolas is doing because of a little camera that's in his home the eyes of the clown doll He also mentions one more rule if Nick needs help he can call the CRS hotline and ask for help but only in emergencies though he can't ask what the goal the Game is with that the TV goes back to normal and the game begins at the airport, the next day Nicholas looks around him every little thing could be part of the game he gets paranoid but tries to focus and after a few suspicious run-ins he meets of his colleague Sam who sees him off to his flight he arrives at the office of Ansem a failing publisher who mentions Nicholas's father while begging not to be fired after a few choice words Nicholas fires Ansem and demands Ansem to sign some papers as he struggles to get his briefcase open Nicholas tries the CRS key to unlock it but it doesn't work unable to get it open or get Ansem signature he leaves Ansem before he returns home as Nicholas waits in a restaurant for Conrad a waitress named Christine spills her tray full of wine glasses Nicholas a brushes off her attempts at helping him and after she disrespects her boss she is fired Nicholas is moved to another table where he is shocked by a bill from a mysterious waiter Nicholas leaves the restaurant trying to find Christine who he thinks is part of the Game coincidentally a man collapses in front of them while Christine tries to help Nicholas wonders if he's real Nicholas gets help from a nearby police car and an ambulance arrives to save the man with Nicholas being forced to go of Christine to the hospital lest he be detained by the police in the ambulance Nicholas shows Christine the bill which bears the words don't let her get away they arrived at the hospital parking lot which suddenly becomes empty of people after lights blackout Christine has no idea what's going on to which Nicholas helpfully tells her about the Game wanting nothing to do with it Christine leaves with Nicholas travelling after her they try to take an inactive elevator which only activates after Nicky uses his CRS key on their way up the elevator stops and blacks out with a little choice they attempt to get out of the elevator through the roof hatch they climb their way out only to find themselves on the CRS offices were they trip the burglar alarm. They run away avoiding cops and security and escape a guard dog by going on to a fire escape the ladder breaks so they are forced to jump and land into the dumpsters below to get away they make their way to Nicholas's office where Nicholas calls a cab and Christine takes a shower just before she leaves Christine confesses that someone paid her to spill drinks in the attractive guy in this flannel suit At home Nick is awoken by a phone call from his secretary who tells him that his missing American Express card was found at the hotel Nico before he hangs up he asks his secretary to check the taxi company to find out where Christine was dropped off at afterwards he calls the hotel Nico where a receptionist helpfully informs him that he has a room with flowers in it and the woman he invited there will be late going there he bumps into a man before approaching the receptionist signing off in the room and after asking the receptionist about a key he finds a key card in his pocket he presumes it was put there by the man he bumped into earlier The room is mostly neat except for a bedroom that's absolutely trashed there are polaroid photos and coke and on the table a porno plays in the background and a bill signed in his names of their alongside his missing briefcase opening the case he finds a pile of explicit photos when he hears a knock at the door Nicholas fiercely gets rid of this orgy of evidence and cuts his hand doing so he leaves of his briefcase in hand oblivious to the person following him confused and stressed Nicolas spots the car and confronts the driver who is a sketchy man with a revolver, a photo of Nicolas, and some files the man reveals that he's a private investigator paid to keep tabs on Nick but runs off before Nicolas can ask more questions a furious Nicolas drives to meet Sam at the Ritz-Carlton where they go to meet Ansem Nicolas chose out Ansem believing him to be part of the game but then Ansem tells him that he's accepted Nicholas's deal; embarrassed Nicolas apologizes before leaving for his office where he asks Sam to investigate Consumer Recreation Services here Nicolas gives Sam the limited liability waiver that he signed but it's just a blank piece of paper Sam leaves before Nicholas opens up a black envelope and pulls out winch this might seem odd but it'll come in handy later back home with lis revolver in his briefcase Nicholas finds something is wrong: His security system has been tampered with and his phone is off the hook Nicky walks deeper into his home gun in hand the lights turn on graffiti has been sprayed everywhere and lights reveals secret messages in his bedroom the clown doll sits with a message in his mouth. In a panic Nicholas calls the police when suddenly Conrad shows up! The duo drive off with Conrad babbling on and on about how CRS ruined his life and and no matter what he pays them they won't leave him alone They get a flat tire and while Nicholas goes to change it Conrad pops the glove box open where CRS keys spill out Conrad accuses Nicholas of working with CRS which Nicholas denies but Conrad walks away in disbelief and he and Nicholas have an angry heart-to-heart with Conrad calling Nicholas out on his jealousy and his desire to control everything before Conrad runs off. Near the subway stairs a phone rings and after picking up the phone Nicholas hears the argument he just had with Conrad minutes ago playback. Nicholas catches a cab when he realizes something's wrong: he's missed his turn and the driver is a CRS agent the driver locks the passenger door and speeds off driving into the bay the driver jumps out before the cart sinks with Nicky trapped inside. Inside Nicholas panics! "It\'s just a game! It\'s just a game! There has to be a way out!" when he remembers the winch from earlier and he uses it to open the window and escape! The next day, Nick is thoroughly fed up with The Game and contacts the police and together with Sam visit the CRS offices only to find it abandoned. The investigators reveal that the CRS has never rented the building and the floor has never been rented out. The case against the CRS is weak without any other leads and with little choice Nicholas heads home where he gets a call from his secretary who found out where Christine lives with that information in mind he drives to her home where he shows her the lewd photos and asked if the woman in the photos is her; she asks why he thinks that and he points out the bra she wears is red. The same bra that she was wearing in his office. While she goes to change her clothes Nicholas fiddles around her apartment and soon discovers that she is a CRS employee and that her apartment is a stage. Christine tells Nicholas "they\'re" being watched from the smoke detector and Nicholas, just absolutely fed up attacks the because he just wants some answers suddenly armed CRS gunmen begin to swarm the house and fire upon them and Nicholas and Christine are forced to drive away during which Christine tells Nicholas that the CRS has drained his financial accounts by using the answer to the psychological tests he took, to guess his passwords! In a panic Nikolas calls his bank and while he's on the phone he spells out his password code to check his account balance Blue 2\\9690D Only to find out that his balance is zero! They drive to Nicholas's summer home where Nicky presses Christine for information about CRS and her work with them over a cup of coffee and just as he begins he gets a phone call: it's Sam, who reveals that his accounts have been untouched and just as he begins to trust Christine he realizes that she has drugged him. As he loses consciousness and collapses Christine brags that we didn't know your password but we do now Blue 2\\9690D Goodbye Nicky! When Nicholas wakes up he finds himself entombed alive in a cemetery in Mexico. He staggers around the city until he reaches the Embassy there he sells his gold watch to the immigration officer to escape and returns home to find his mansion sold and most of his belongings removed. There he retrieves a hidden revolver and then goes to the hotel where Conrad was staying at where the consiegliere tells him that Conrad had a nervous breakdown and is now hospitalized. While talking with Elizabeth of his ex-wife he sees a familiar face on TV: that's Jim Feingold the guy who represented CRS in their first meeting. It turns out he's just an actor! Nicholas using this information calls Jim's agency and finds him at the zoo and forces him to take them to the CRS's real office. There he takes Christine hostage and demands to be taken to the leader of CRS when he's attacked by CRS guards. Nicholas takes Christine to the roof and bars the door behind him and the CRS guards begin cutting through the door. When Christine realizes the Nicholas's gun is not a prop she fearfully tells Nicholas that the conspiracy is fake just another part of The Game and that his finances are intact and that his family and friends are waiting on the other side of the door he refuses to believe her. The door bursts open and Nicholas shoots the first person to emerge and is shocked to find it's Conrad who dies and everyone are shocked and with all hope lost he jumps off the roof. Just like his father. Nicholas's life flashes before his eyes as he falls and he smashes for the roof but lands on a giant air mat. EMTs carefully remove him and he finds himself in a ballroom full of his friends, family, and every person involved in his game Conrad is alive and explains that he started the game to get his brother to embrace life and not to end up like their father. Nicholas bursts into tears and begins to enjoy the party once he's over his shock. When he sees that Christina's left the party; he follows her outside to her cab and asks her to dinner she offers to share a coffee with him before her flight takes her to her next game assignment in Australia. THE END Thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen If you enjoyed it leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on our latest uploads until next time play safe 