so if Winchester didn't satisfy your haunted house cravings, there's this other little movie that's out on VOD called the lodgers that I give a solid stream into, even even if it has the pasty is boy. let me explain. so you got these two orphan kids who live in a haunted mansion by themselves, and they gotta follow three rules. one, they can't stay up past midnight, so no screenings - they ain't allowed to leave, except to like, buy bread. and three, they can't invite anyone in, so there's absolutely no house parties. the sisters the only one who's allowed to leave the house, so she at least gets a little bit of sunlight. but the brother stuck at home. he's a spacey as he can be, looking like he just saw a ghost, which he actually does a lot. it turns out that their parents actually committed suicide, and their parents committed suicide, and their parents committed suicide. and it's just like this crazy generational curse where, like I said, up passing down a car, they they passed down drowning themselves. so if you're ever ungrateful for whatever bad genes your grandma gave you Eddie. at least they ain't as bad as this. obviously, these kids are terrified because they're gonna be the next ones. they're tormented by water since they believe that's what's causing it. and seeing their parents dead body floating in the water is messed up. seeing them naked floated in the water is even worse. they got dead ancestors coming up from the floorboards at night. they can't even scrub a dub dub without these ghosts bugging them. and imagine not being able to leave a haunted house and go home, cuz you live in the haunted house. they're so lonely. this girl turns into a mid-century DJ. my dude turns into a Confederate cuz he's also very lonely. and then in comes this Lannister back from war, sporting the rocks leg from his upcoming movie. and he gets it on with the girl who polishes his nugget. and they get it on until, you know, they get a, they get ghost block, right? Walder Frey's also in this, because I guess it's like a mini game of Thrones reunion. he comes over, he's as drunk as can be, trying to get jiggy with the sister because they need to pay their debts, just like the Lannisters. they let him in on the second time, but it's the brother who lets him in. and if you remember that one rule, he needs to make sure he's out. so we just for the watches him. at this point. the sisters like, you know what, I'm out of here. but the moment she tries to leave, her brother smashes her, and then he tries to smash her. this dude is still trying to get a slice, cuz he feels that her virginity is owed to him in this house. and I I just realized my uncle directed this movie, like, literally, just a couple of years ago. anyway, Searcy's hope comes in, trying to save the day, stabs the brother to death. and then these some Mara looking things rise up from the wells. it's all the ancestors from underneath the house. they come up, the girl falls into that well. and of course, like a good Irishman, he goes after her to save her. he has no luck though, and he gets taken away further into what is literally beat upside down. this girl ends up in the lake where her parents killed themselves, decides to wash away her parents sins and moves on, leaving her past behind her. but you know, Monster House still holds the cake on these movies. thank you guys for watching this video. let me know your thoughts. if you didn't even know about it, then hopefully maybe you check it out. maybe it's on your radar. I thought the cinematography was good. I thought the lead was good, but, uh, hopefully that's what I'm gonna try to do, try to cover movies that maybe you guys haven't seen. cover as many movies as possible to bring it to your guys attention to talk about them. so stay tuned, comment, like and subscribe, and I'll pay off your debt to the Lannisters. 