okay, so invincible, episode 7 has a lot of pieces falling into place, and the entry includes several easter eggs, hidden details and things you missed. it pulls from a lot of different issues throughout the run and beautifully brings together the overarching story. these different plot points include the end of issue 9, which saw the resurrection of the immortal, issue 10, which had nolan fighting a giant kaiju before he was attacked by the character. issue 0, which really came up to 22, had mark tell amber of his true identity. there's also the secret origins of the immortal, which appears and issue 34 and 5, in which we see robot, or rather rudy, getting put into a new body. now, if you've just heard me list off those numbers like some big geek at a comic store, and you've probably noticed that they happened years apart in the original series. this episode combines a lot of big story moments, but it also adds some amazing new changes in it that take this story in a really interesting direction. we open with debbie waking up to find her husband gone. and unlike the books, she's now well aware of the monster she's married. in the original work, she didn't discover his darker side until much later on, when it was revealed to the world. like cecil, she is starting to truly suspect how evil he is at this point. but similar to him, they're both keeping it hush. they both know nolan is the most dangerous man on earth, and therefore have to be cautious in order to not arouse suspicion. cut to mark and co who are traveling home from upstate university. i can't believe that last week i missed that d.a sinclair was voiced by ezra miller. in addition to this, justin roiland, who voices rick and rick. and morty also voiced doug cheston, which i should have recognized just by the burp. now we catch adam eve exhausted in her treehouse, and see her drinking from a coffee mug with tt written on it. this stands for teen team, the group that she was originally a member of. in issue 22 of the comics, the character flew to africa to help out there, but in the series, she's remained in america. however, the treehouse itself is still based on an african design, giving a little nod to the comics in issue 32, she and mark sat on the roof of her home there. and though the character doesn't join her at this point, it does sort of happen towards the end of the episode, when the pair have a conversation at a waterfall at the graysons. debbie lists off the theories that i'm sure many fans have had over the last couple of weeks, especially the ones who don't know the twist. she believes that nolan could have been brainwashed, or that the family might be being held to ransom. and it's nice that the show's second guess to what the viewers would think. nolan's ego here is definitely his downfall. and after i was curious as to why he just didn't toss the costume into the sun or hide it somewhere on the planet, he says part of him wanted to have it discovered. nolan is bearing a great big secret that we'll discuss in the more spoiler-heavy part of the video at the end. but he's clearly living on borrowed time. debbie tells him to get out, which is completely different to the original work, as in that the pair were happily married until mark discovered the truth. nolan leaves by flying through the roof. and this sign of aggression is clearly used to intimidate her. after punching several holes in the house, he's finally left it one, showing that he would rather destroy the home he's built than have the truth come out. juxtaposing this, mark does the opposite with amber. and realizing that they will likely break up if he doesn't come clean, he reveals that he's invincible. now the conversation goes in the complete opposite direction to how it did in issue zero. leading up to that, amber had suspected that mark was a drug dealer or something, and she was very much over the moon to learn that he was a superhero. here though, amber reveals that she already knew about it, and that she's furious over the fact that he's lied to her for so long. mark, like nolan, two, leaves, showing that they can't do right for doing wrong. women, hey, i'm just kidding. ladies. you know i love you. now, i've just realized that i've not revealed myself yet. and if this is your first time here, then welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul and we do videos like this each and every day. so if you love invincible, then you need to stay locked to the channel. please click the thumbs up button if you've been enjoying the breakdown so far, and don't forget to subscribe so that you don't miss our coverage on the finale. anyway, back at the guardians hq, monster girl has recovered from her surgery, and she gets a warm welcome from the rest of the team. rexplode has put her face on milk cartons and even gone so far is to replace the stuff inside with beer. monster girl seems quite taken by him, and this speaks to why a robot decides to clone his body. we also learn that black samson has had his powers return, which will be interesting to see later on in the series. elsewhere, the maulers are confronted by robot, who seemingly has started to malfunction. the character's true body has been transported across to them, and we finally get to confirm that he is actually the person in the tank. robot, or rather rudolph connors, has a link up drilled into his head, and through this, he's able to control the orange drones that we've seen throughout the series, after hearing of monster girl's plea to be normal, this inspired him to take his own measures to free himself of his body. and this is why he enlisted the help of the maulers. i don't know if i'm reaching here, but i do get a lot of stephen hawking vibes from the character, as he was a genius scientist that, unfortunately, due to a disability, was confined to live a certain way. now, rudolph is, of course, a comic book character, so he can do things that hawking's couldn't. but even the robotic voice, i think, is meant to mimic the real life figure. now, an interesting deviation happens when we learn that robot is wanting to pay the maulers with a control collar that makes whoever wears its subservient. originally in the comics, he just offered them all the money that they wanted, and then revealed, after the cloning, that he didn't actually have it and was just lying. the bargain works though, and they agreed to switch minds. and speaking of minds, mark is losing his as he talks to william. very, very tenuous link there. but will learns that mark's father is omniman, and tries to talk him into sucking it up. will also talks about him being like someone who's been ripped in half, which foreshadows the immortal having that done to him later. yes, it's a reach. now, debbie is taken directly to cecil, who reveals that he's known for a while that nolan killed the guardians. he's been studying mark's blood, not only to find weaknesses for omniman, but also to have something in store in case he turns bad too. he knows that mark is the only person on earth capable of stopping his father. and it's so tense watching cecil's entire plan play out. we see nolan atop of mount everest, planning out how he's going to tell mark. and the pair actually went to this location earlier in the season. i suspect that it will be somewhere that shows up in the finale next week. and definitely bear this in mind as we head towards that episode. in a big body horror scene, rudy is taken out of his canister, and he says the air is toxic to him, which is also his weakness in the comics, similar to the source material, the mall has explained that his mind isn't being transferred, it's being copied, and he won't suddenly wake up in the next body. now there are complications which aren't present in the comics, and the mullers have to compensate during the duplication process due to rudolph's brain being slightly different to a normal human. whether this means his intelligence will be limited going forward, we don't know, but clearly there will be some differences. the awakening feels like it was ripped straight out of issue 34. and rex rudy ends up destroying his original self in a moment that even the maulers were wiping away a tear over. i was really, really excited. now really actually hands over the key to the caller, which is something he didn't do originally. however, he does launch a big drone, much like in the comics, in order to take them down. now, the mothers, to my surprise, don't get arrested. in the original work, they were sent back to prison. but here, rudy is called away, and thus they're able to operate freely. they've actually switched the order of things. and in the original work. they escaped the supermax and then went and resurrected the immortal. it was much later that they were called in to help rudy, and when the work was done, they were captured once more. i love the changeups like this, and it allows for them to constantly shift your expectations throughout, even if you know the source material just as well as i do, which i bloody love it. now, nolan arrives home to discover cecil's forces, and he goes full homeland on them. it's just so gory watching him pushing people's bodies in half and twisting their torsos. and at this point i was like, this is just what we want to see. it's such a good scene that shows how dangerous he is when he's off the leash. and nolan takes absolutely no prisoners. omniman murders donald. and this never happened in the comics, though the character was badly injured in issue 16. now, i am aware of spoiling the show for people who haven't read the comics. and though in the original run, donald is in it for the majority, i actually believe that they have fully killed the character off at this point, and that he won't be showing up in the future. he detonates a bomb, which destroys the hideout home, and to cecil's dismay, it barely hurts omniman at all. nolan goes and intimidates william, and the guy is in full supervillain mode at this point, desperate to find mark so he can get to him before cecil does. at the guardian's hq, rudy arrives and introduces himself. we know he's a 30 year old, but he's actually chosen this teenage appearance because he wants to get closer to monster girl and appear on her level. in issue 35, he was introduced by cecil, but here he shows up alone. and rex is outraged over being cloned. monster girl figures out that she did it for him, whereas in the work, he denies doing it to try and appeal to her elsewhere. mark meets eve, and from a satellite, cecil spies on them. in nolan, he launches a weapon known as the hammer, which didn't appear in the original work. and i actually think this might be a nod to the immortal hulk. now, all comics take from other comics, and i don't think that this is a ripoff, or anything before you start. yeah. in that though, iron man was trying to take down the hulk, and he fired a weapon known as helios, which was a satellite built to harness pure sunlight. it too was a countermeasure put in place to destroy a superpowered being. and it also decimated the landscape with a harsh blue light. whereas it almost killed the hulk, omniman just gets a nosebleed. and thus cecil resorts to other plants. he goes to face him in the desert, and using his teleportation powers, he manages to taunt him. the pair never had a standoff in the comics at this point, and cecil admitted after the first part of omniman's arc that he never suspected a thing. he also calls in the anime. and last week's episode saw d.a sinclair being taken in by cecil. and issue 37 actually ended with him recruiting the character. we learned that cecil's robo copped dead soldiers so that they can serve their country once more. and it just shows a lens that he's willing to go to to take the character down. whatever he throws at nolan though, he completely decimates. and thus he calls in a giant kaiju elsewhere the maul is resurrect the immortal. and we actually see flashes of his life as he's being revived. these pull heavily from his origins issue and in that we learn that he had a backstory very similar to vandal savage's in the comics. savage existed for millennia, and he was made immortal after he came into contact with the meteor. the immortal two was an ancient warrior that touched a mysterious energy force, and this stabilized his cells so that he could live forever. over the years, he was a knight and even abraham lincoln, before he became a superhero, even mark flynn to join the battle. and similar to the ending of issue 9, the immortal awakens and flies off to avenge his death. now it does turn out that robot gave them all his bad schematics, and it's likely that he knew that they would resurrect the immortal because of the frankenstein motif that runs throughout. the fight scene between the immortal and omni man plays out much in the same way that it did in issue 10, with nolan putting his hand through his body before ripping him apart. at this point, i was completely blown away by the episode, and by far, it's my favorite in the series. there's so much going on, and once the action picks up, it's completely non-stop. now, because the series was written before the internet and cell phones became a part of normal life, the world wasn't able to watch the fight live. however, here, omniman's battle is broadcast across the planet. and this also means there's no going back when it comes to keeping his plan under wraps. he will have to reveal it next week, and we all can finally talk openly about it. now, what i love about this ending is that omniman kills the immortal, whereas mark restrains the kaiju, showing how much they differ. nolan obviously didn't want to do it like this, but he's been left with no other option. as we head into the finale, a full spoiler is ahead for what happens in the comics. and if you don't want things ruined, then i recommend that you turn off. now. are you still here? good. well, turns out that veltrum isn't the kind and loving civilization that we've come to believe it is. after they rooted out all the weak ones in their society, they decided to enact a new order upon the world, and thus send out their conquerors across the universe, known as the world betterment committee. nolan was one of its greatest soldiers. and over the centuries, he took over many planets. you see, vultromites actually age slower the older they get, and he's thousands and thousands of years old. when voltron's forces became stretched too thin because they'd conquered so much, they decided to try a new plan of attack, a trojan horse, if you will. they would send out their soldiers to planets who would pretend to be their saviors, all the while weakening their defenses. this is why he killed the guardians, as they might have been able to stop the invasion of the veltromites. and over the years, nolan beat other entities that were trying to invade earth so that the planet was safe for his army's arrival. this will likely be revealed next week, but i'd, of course, love to see them change it up a bit. so who knows what could happen. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, so make sure you comment below and let me know. also, i just want to give a huge thank you to our editor, christian over at beyond epic, for saving the channel this week. i've had a lot of personal issues going on at home, and he's stepped in to edit pretty much every single video, and it's really helped me out. please give the guy a thumbs up, and thank you for all the support. now, if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the finale of falcon in the winter soldier, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire last episode from top to bottom to discuss everything you need to know about it. so it's definitely worth watching right after this. without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul, i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 