Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an American, Supernatural horror film called "Pet Sematary", Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. The movie starts in a beautiful small town called Ludlow, Massachusetts. We see a family arriving to their new home, Ellie Creed is excited to see their new home with her father, Louis Creed, who is a doctor at Boston University, he looks excited as well as they look at the house, along with his wife Rachel Creed. They enter the house with their little son Gage and their cat called church. Later that night, the couple is taking rest as they enjoy their new home. The next day, Louis goes to work, Rachel and Ellie are at home organizing some stuff. They hear some noise, so they go in the woods to explore further, and they stumble across a funeral procession with children wearing animal masks taking a dead dog. Later, after coming back to home, Ellie decides to check on it by herself, so she goes to the woods, while Rachel is at home. Sooner, Ellie comes across a place called "Pet Sematary", and she walks inside and sees many marked graves of animals. She then tries to climb a wall of piled up of woods, a man screams at her, and she falls from it hurting herself, the man then helps her and introduces himself as Jud Crandall, she says the Pet Cemetery is spelled wrong, he then shows her his dog\xe2\x80\x99s grave that he made. Sooner, Rachel arrives there, he tells them that woods are not a safe place for kids and then she thanks him, and they leave. Later that night, Ellie asks her dad, why don\xe2\x80\x99t pets live as long as people? he assures her that pets go to heaven and she then asks, so they go to Pet Cemetery after they die? And he explains further that it\xe2\x80\x99s not a bad thing, its natural and death is natural, she is worried about her cat called church, but they assure her not to worry. She then asks, why her mom\xe2\x80\x99s sister died when she was young. In flashback, Young Rachel is seen walking in the room while her sister is in a strange state on the bed. Louis tells her that their daughter is now 9 years old, and they should reveal it to her that there is no heaven and no hell after we die, according to him. The next day, at the university hospital, there is an emergency, a student named Victor is badly injured, new nurses are panicking while looking at his bad injuries, but Louis tries to save him and unfortunately, he dies. Later at work, he sees Victor waking up and telling him not to break the barrier in a vision. Few hours later, Louis is sad, and he is sitting with their cat outside the home, his wife comes there, and Louis tells her what happened. She suggests him to take a few days off from work. The next day, Ellie goes to their neighbour Jud\xe2\x80\x99s home, the man who helped her in the Cemetery earlier, she got cookies for him, Ellie invites him to visit her family and see their cat church as well. And she shows everyone her Ballet dance, Rachel asks him if the Pet Cemetery is part of their land, and he says even beyond cemetery it\xe2\x80\x99s only your land. Later that night, Louis is unrest and cannot sleep, he then hears victor's voice, and he asks, to follow him by saying, you tried to help me and now I will help you, in the cemetery, victor warns him not to interfere with anything. He then wakes up in the morning, and he notices that his feet and the sheets are filled with mud, suggesting that those events were more than just a nightmare. Kids are playing and He realizes it\xe2\x80\x99s the day of Halloween, outside we see Jud doing a gesture to call him. Then he shows him that their Cat is dead, Jud explains that a truck ran over it, and they should bury it. Later that night, Louis asks his wife to be comfortable and tell him why she is being upset past few days, Rachel reveals that she can\xe2\x80\x99t stop thinking about her sister Zelda and that her sister used to hate her because her spine is not twisted like hers. One day when they both were alone, Rachel delivered her food through Dumbwaiter shaft her family made. Sooner, only to find out that Zelda tried moving and she fell down the Shaft, that killed her. Louis tries to comfort Rachel who is collapsing from her past trauma, and they agree to lie on Ellie, that Church ran away. Later, Jud takes Louis to the pet cemetery so they can bury the cat, Jud asks him if he wants to see his daughter happy, and upon hearing an instant yes, Jud asks him to follow him as he climbs across the wooden stock piled up, as they walk louis sees a symbol that looks kind of like Naruto\xe2\x80\x99s Konoha, then they walk in water that is filled with bones, then they come across an ancient burial ground, he asks him to bury it by himself and he cannot interfere. Later, he comes back to home and Rachel thanks him for being there. The next day, the couple reveals it to Ellie that church ran away. However, Ellie claims that church is in their closet, and he came back last night, Louis goes to check it, and he finds him there. Later, he goes to Jud, and he asks him what\xe2\x80\x99s going on? Jud claims that he wanted to see his daughter happy so he helped him, Jud further claims that there are places on earth, which are older than both of them and even science cannot find some answers, and they did what they did just for Ellie. Later, Louis tries to do some research behind the pet cemetery, Ellie is trying to brush her cat, but it gets stuck, and church attacks her. Louis assures her that church is just having mood swings. Later, Rachel tries to assure him that he did the right thing, then they start having a hormone sandwich. However, church is seen tearing and eating a bird alive and they stop and call it for the day. The next day, Louis goes to basement to get church, and he sees a dark room and suddenly light emerges from it, pushing Louis away. In meantime, Rachel is upstairs, and she hears the noise of a dumbwaiter shaft, she follows it, and she has a similar vision like her past. Afraid from everything she goes to Louis, and he hugs by assuring her that if he could turn this around, he would. The next day, Ellie is doing some drawings, Louis takes one of it, and he notices a drawing that looks little violent, and Ellie tells him that Gage did it, he goes to Gage and sees that Church is about to attack him, he saves his son. Few hours later, Jud reveals to him that the burial ground brings things back from the dead and it is believed to be inhabited by spirit known as the Wendigo. And the town built wooden wall around the burial ground to keep people away. He apologizes and he says he just wanted to help him and \xe2\x80\x9csometimes the dead is better\xe2\x80\x9d. Later, Louis attempts to euthanize Church, but he couldn\xe2\x80\x99t do it, so he decides to go in the wild and free him to live on his own. Church is making sound of purring. During the 9th Birthday of Ellie, she looks sad, as everyone wishes her, then Louis tries to talk to her, and he gives her a teddy and she looks happy again. Later, As Louis is playing blindfold with the kids in party, Ellie notices church on the road, a tanker truck is also seen on the road, Little Gage and Louis, they both run in sports mode to save Ellie, but the truck couldn\xe2\x80\x99t stop. So, the driver tries to save her but that kills her on her birthday. Later, the family is devastated, and they\xe2\x80\x99re seen in her funeral. There is sadness in the house, Rachel says she keeps hearing footsteps of her daughter. The next day, Rachel and Gage leave to spend a few days with Rachel\xe2\x80\x99s parents away from everything. Louis is alone at home, he goes to see Jud and they both share a drink, Jud apologizes that he shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have showed him the place, and warns him that \xe2\x80\x9csometimes dead is better\xe2\x80\x9d, Jud is crying, and he passes out, it turns out Louis mixed a drug in his drink. Later, Rachel calls him, but he says, if they talk tomorrow, it is better. Later that night, Jud goes to the graveyard, and he starts digging up the grave of their daughter. He takes the sleeping Ellie out from it. Meanwhile, Rachel is getting visions of her dead sister Zelda. In the pet cemetery, victor suggests him to let go of everything, but Louis denies. He then takes her body to the burial ground, and he buries her while apologizing and mourning of her death. Few hours later, Louis wakes up and he walks only to find Church in the house, he then goes to their basement, and he comes across Ellie, she is no longer dead, and he gives her a hug and he cries from joy. Later, as he is washing her hair, her face looks different, he tries to brush it, just like last time when Ellie was trying to brush Church, the brush gets stuck and he notices stitches in her skull, maybe from autopsy. Later, Louis prepares her bed, and she wants to see her mom and Gage. He says soon they\xe2\x80\x99ll be back. She wants him to stay with her, and she thanks him for bringing her back from the dead. The next day, Jud wakes up thinking it was a nightmare, Louis goes downstairs, and he sees his daughter doing Ballet just like before, but this time she is violent and aggressive, Rachel tries calling him, but he won\xe2\x80\x99t answer. Rachel is stuck in traffic and then she calls Jud that Louis is not answering the calls, he goes to his house and notices his nails, it look like as if he was digging something, he warns him that if you have done something it\xe2\x80\x99s not too late to undo it. While leaving he sees Ellie in the loft, he flees from there to his home and he prepares his gun. He hears the voice of church, so he goes upstairs, he sees church and then Ellie stabs his feet with a scalpel. She then goes to him and takes off her mask, she taunts him of his dead wife by using her face, and then she stabs him multiple times killing him. Sooner, Rachel and Gage return home, she notices the marks on his hand, and she ask\xe2\x80\x99s him what\xe2\x80\x99s going on? He says he wasn\xe2\x80\x99t ready to say goodbye to their daughter. Ellie walks to them alive, and she hugs Rachel, hurting her by it, and horrified Rachel runs to upstairs with Gage. Then Louis explains to her that the burial ground brought her back to life and this was the best thing to do. He then hears someone screaming from Jud\xe2\x80\x99s house, so he goes there, in the bedroom Rachel hears voice of her sister and she gets a vision that she is in place of her sister on the bed, then the dumbwaiter shaft opens and someone comes out of it and her spine starts twisting in a brutal manner, and she wakes up, only to be attacked by Ellie with a knife, she cuts her and stabs her, but Rachel manages to run from there. Louis sees their cat church, along with Jud\xe2\x80\x99s body full of blood. Rachel breaks the window, and she passes Gage from there to him, and then she is stabbed by Ellie, and she says do you want a hug Mommy? And then she stabs her again. Louis goes and locks Gage in the car and he comes upstairs to Rachel, and then Ellie knocks him unconscious, and she drags Rachel\xe2\x80\x99s body to the burial ground. Louis wakes up, and he goes to see Gage safe in the car and then he goes to the pet cemetery, Ellie stabs him with the knife, and soon he overpowers her, and he starts chocking her, when he tries to kill her, he is taken down by now undead Rachel. Later, Gage is in the car as he waves at her family, and Louis approaches the car, and the movie ends. However, in the alternate ending, Louis spares Ellie, instead of killing her, and they both bury Rachel behind the pet cemetery, Ellie manipulates and promises him that they will be a family together forever. In the house, Ellie, Church, and a newly resurrected Rachel approaches, and reunite with an unhappy Louis holding Gage, who is crying. And the movie ends, if you liked it, please like &amp; subscribe it really helps the channel grow. 