story recapped here. today, i'm going to show a 2020 world war ii supernatural horror film called ghost of war. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. in nazi-occupied france, chris, along with four other soldiers, butchie eugene kirk and tapper, prepare to embark on their assignment to guard an old chateau. after an encounter with a group of nazis. on a jeep, the soldiers run into what appears to be jewish refugees. tappert steps up and gives one of them his coat. as they move through war-torn streets, kirk says they're exhausted, but chris reassures them that once they reach their assigned destination, they can sleep for days. they arrive at the chateau and notice that the group currently stationed there behaved strangely and were in a rush to leave. they take no worry of it, as the mansion was filled with food and they'd be living in comfort. in the evening, the group gets startled by a loud thudding coming from upstairs. they split up to investigate. chris and kirk see a shadow of someone hanging by the neck outside the window, but it quickly disappears. a little later, they share war stories by the fireplace, but are quickly disrupted when chris hears metallic tapping coming from the chimney and realizes its morse code. they decipher what the tapping is saying and end up with, you have no legs. just as they read out the message, a squirrel falls from the chimney, and they decide that that's where the tapping must have come from. they try to get some sleep, splitting up in different rooms. eugene, in the basement, finds a nazi soldier's journal and sees an old family portrait. his candle goes out, and once he gets it lit again, the family disappears from the photo. tapered keeps watch from the attic window and surveys the grounds with his rifle. when he glances over, a figure standing on a pedestal. when he goes for a second look, a face pops up in front of him, and an old wardrobe closet slams shut. the next morning, eugene tells chris and kirk that he finds tapered strange, and chris agrees to say their lucky tapper is an ally. just as they finish talking, taprik comes in and informs them that a platoon of nazis is about to pass through in a couple of days. taprt suggests they hide in the woods and wait for the nazis to pass by, but chris decides to stay and guard the chateau. tapert asks for eugene's help, and the two head to the attic, where they find ritualistic markings on the floor. eugene identifies them as black magic and says that hitler and the nazis are big followers of the occult. the pair rearranges the attic and attempt to move the large wardrobe closet. as they were moving it, they passes over the ritual markings and slams shut on eugene's hand, breaking his fingers. eugene shouts in agony and blames tapper, but tappert says it wasn't him. tapper looks at the mirror on the wardrobe and sees feet dangling behind him, but disappear as soon as he turns around. the group returns to the fireplace, and hears strange voices on the radio, which sound like some sort of incantation or cursing from what they've been experiencing and with the previous group so eager to leave, they come to a conclusion that the house is haunted, and kirk suggests they leave immediately, avoiding the nazi's arrival. they're once again disrupted by creaking and dragging sounds coming from upstairs and metallic tapping from the chimney. they try to decipher it again, but something takes control of eugene's hand and writes down, if you leave, you die. they hear the same message on the radio in a demonic voice. afraid of the messages implication, the group decides against their better judgment and stays. they prepare for the nazi platoon's arrival. four of them haul up in the living room, while tappard heads to the attic to serve as lookout. the nazis arrive, but quickly lose interest. and we're about to leave when a loud banging comes from the attic. a firefight ensues, then the five of them go against the whole platoon. a grenade gets thrown in, and butchy jumps on it to cover the others. kirk hides behind a bathroom door while a nazi soldier comes in. he hears water splashing and prepares himself for a fight, but is surprised to see that the nazi soldier getting drowned in the bathtub by an invisible force. eugene hides behind a table in the study and hears the same voices in the air vents that chris heard earlier. he keeps quiet as he hears a nazi soldier approaching and sees someone standing opposite him across the table. he prepares for a fight, and as soon as he gets up to shoot, sees that the person standing is no longer a nazi soldier, but is a ghostly, screaming woman. eugene is pushed back, and the soldier who came in looking for him bursts into flames. he reels and mutters to himself that none of this is real. back in the attic, tapered, hear soldiers coming in, and he hides and awaits them. he sneaks around, but sees that the soldier looking for him is getting hung from the ceiling. miraculously, all of them survive, with butchie barely clinging to life. they regroup in the study, and eugene tells them what he's discovered after reading the nazi journal he found in the basement. he found out that the family which originally lived in the huge mansion were the helvigs, a family of jews hiding in france. when the nazis invaded, the family was massacred. the father was burned alive. their daughter was hung in the attic. their little boy was drowned in the tub, and their bodies were disposed of in a shallow grave. chris goes upstairs to use the bathroom and sees that the tub hasn't been drained yet. as he leaves, the air suddenly turns cold, and he is pushed back into the tub. he starts drowning, and he could see from under the water nazis looming over him. his vision flashes and he sees three people in what looks like modern clothing, before flashing back to the nazis. and gets a prompt to wake up. he screams, and the next thing he knows, eugene is waking him up. he was having a nightmare. they were planning their next move, when butchie suddenly wakes up, shouting that none of it was real, telling everyone to remember. everyone is surprised when butchie is able to grab chris's shirt. even though he longer had arms, it looked like butchie still had hands, or was still using them, but they just couldn't see. he tells chris to remember and get out. they attribute boothy's hallucinations to the morphine he's been given. after a discussion, the group decides to move out of the chateau. just as they prepare to leave, butchie dies, and they bury him in the yard. the remaining four leave and were making their way to base camp when they spot jewish refugees in the distance. it was the exact same group of refugees they had encountered earlier. seeing that one of them still wears taprt's coat, they soon realize that they're walking in circles and that the events just keep repeating themselves. kirk brings up a story about a book where the events transpire in a dead man's head. taprt argues that if they're dead, then heaven surely sucks. with eugene speculating that they could be in hell. as in hell, sinners are forced to relive their sins over and over in a loop. the group tries to get some sleep, camping out in the woods, when eugene brings up that he hasn't voided his vows in weeks. the others say the same thing, but chris shuts them down, saying they'll talk about it in the morning. tappert gets a nightmare that he was back in the attic about to get hanged. he wakes up and sees the word vetrelek written on the ground. in the morning, they resume their journey, but encounter the same group of nazi soldiers that they had dealt with at the beginning of their assignment. determined to reach base camp, they continue walking, but end up right back at the chateau. back inside, they decide to look for the bodies and give them a proper burial, arguing that it might be the key to getting out. tappert mutters vetrolek, and eugene recognizes the word, saying that it's been mentioned several times in the nazi journal he's reading. they come up with a plan to wait for the ghosts and help them move on. they wait out in the living room, and mrs hellwig appears, dragging chris outside into an old cabin where the family's bodies had been stored. they give the family a proper burial but eugene finds a missing page from the journal along with the bodies. he discovers that the family was neither french nor jewish, but afghan. they spent a huge fortune providing safe passage for jews to america. as mrs helwig died, she performed a vetrollet curse on the man who stood by and watched her family get massacred. at the same time, tapard is in the attic, sitting in the middle of the ritualistic symbols as if in a trance, muttering an incantation as arabic runes light up around him. eugene discovers that, according to the additional page he found, burying the family would not put the family at peace, but would actually empower them. the ghosts appear and the soldiers try to fight their way out, butchy suddenly shows up, shouting that it isn't real. as they fight, chris notices static and glitching on the ghosts. mrs hellwig whispers for him to wake up, and he does. chris awakes to see that he's in a high-tech facility with doctors around him. he sees the whole team in a coma, and discovers that both his legs have been amputated. the doctor explains that they have been in a terrible incident in afghanistan. his team suffered fatal injuries. they were placed in a simulation while their bodies healed. the world war ii simulation was supposed to help them come to terms with their injuries. as the sudden shock of the state of their bodies could lead to their deaths, putting their minds in simulations ensures that they could accept their injuries better. chris recalls that in afghanistan, they failed to rescue an informant and his family. they were ordered to hide while isis members invade their house and murder the whole family. the informant was set ablaze, their daughter was hung and his son drowned in the sink. when the group came out of hiding, it was too late. as they were exiting, the mother runs out with a bomb strapped to her, and it explodes on the group. as their bodies laid in shambles. the mother places the veteran curse on chris and the group, as it was them that let evil happen and did nothing as her family was murdered. chris tells the doctors he remembers everything, but that there's some kind of virus in the system. they're reliving the simulation in a horror. the doctors are baffled, as the simulation is supposed to be benign and only serves as a support structure for their mind's healing. chris remembers buchi telling them that it wasn't real, but she's non-existent. and he figures out that i have no legs, and if you leave, you die were actually subliminal messages they sent to themselves, warning themselves of the real world and their injuries. the other soldiers start convulsing, and chris notices that the family is in the simulation with them. somehow the veteran curse caused the simulation to be haunted, and now they're suffering inside. chris is determined to go back in, so he can tell the others what happened, so they can atone for their sins, so the curse can be lifted. as he goes back into the simulation, he is warned that his memory will get wiped, but it's too late, and he wakes up with everyone by his side, ready to begin their mission to the chateau. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 