hi guys. the exciting movies channel is with you. before we start. warning, spoilers ahead. the title of the film will be at the end of the video. enjoy your viewing. the film begins with a woman lying in bed. her name is samantha. she has an anus for a mouth and a mouth for an anus. she usually lives alone because she has an abnormality in her mouth. later, she decides to go to a restaurant without a mask to show herself. there, the waitress laughs at her when she wants to order food. inside, she is very sad because she also wants to have a normal mouth. she previously uploaded her photo to instagram, but instagram decided to remove her photo because it does not comply with community guidelines. after that, the waiter serves warm soup to her. it turns out that in order to eat, she must use a funnel. she puts the end of the funnel into her mouth, which is where her anus should be. she pours soup into the funnel to satisfy her hunger. when she wants to go home, she is suddenly approached by bullies with strange hairstyles. they start to insult her because of the abnormality on her face. fortunately, she manages to get in the car and leave the hooligans. halfway through, she runs into someone she hasn't even seen. the scene shifts to a teenager named christian. he developed an identity disorder of body integrity due to his fantasies of a father who abandoned him at birth. the only thing he knows about his father is that he has a mermaid tattoo. he actually has a normal body, but due to his mermaid fantasies, he does not believe that his legs are his, and he wants to become a mermaid in real life, he often spends time in a wheelchair so he doesn't need to use his legs. as a result, his mother brings him to a therapist to talk about his condition. during the session, he gets into a bitter argument with his mother. she pulls him out of the wheelchair so he bleeds. she then pulls his pants down in front of the therapist, revealing a bunch of scars and wounds. it turns out that all this time, he often mutilates his legs with a blade. feeling humiliated, he pulls on his pants and runs away. he's so upset, doesn't know how to get rid of his legs, but finally gets the idea. soon he decides to lie down on the road and allows a passing car to run over his legs. it is evident from this time that the person who moves his legs was samantha. because of this, he looks at samantha and smiles at her. she is clearly shocked by the incident. this is the first time christian feels free, and also the last time he dies from these injuries. moreover, samantha, who accidentally killed christian, feels guilty when she returns home. she even ignores her father's question and prefers to reflect in her room. she celebrates her birthday with her father, because only he accepts her condition. her dad brings her a birthday cake first, and at the end, she blows out the candles. while they are eating, they have the tv on, and they see on the news that a teenager was hit by a car and the man just drove away. her father says, it's really disgusting that some people do such a terrible thing. he unknowingly insults samantha's feelings. he then gives samantha a unicorn mask for her birthday so she can hide her abnormal face. meanwhile, samantha, disappointed with the gift, decides to leave her home. she is later cornered again by previous bullies, and they want to rape her. immediately, samantha responds by biting the man's genitals until he starts screaming, and she manages to escape. again, feeling that her hope is running out and she has no reason to live, she heads for the bridge. as soon as she is about to jump, she suddenly loses consciousness. in another scene, there is a normal man, ernesto, who masturbates using a photo of his girlfriend. his girlfriend is also with an unusual appearance. soon after, his mother enters the room and sees what he is doing. now knowing this, she immediately has a panic attack and says that she is disappointed in him because he loves a woman with disabilities. as a result, he was kicked out of the house. he then decides to live with his girlfriend anna. unfortunately, she is currently having an affair with another guy named guillermo, who was a burn victim. we are shown that they are having a good time together. and anna just wants to find someone who loves her for who she is. it looks like guillermo is just agreeing to her because he is a burn victim, and ernesto is dating anna because he has a strange fetish for ugly people. at the end, guillermo asks her to immediately break off relations with ernesto, and apparently she agrees with this. soon she invites ernesto to dine together. there, ernesto tells her that he was kicked out of the house because of his fey asterisk tish to love ugly girls. thus he confesses to anna that he loves her physical disabilities, that she only makes her angry. and she is even more convinced to part with him. they eventually part and anna gives him some money so he can live on the street. feeling depressed, ernesto intends to commit suicide. however, he is distracted by the ringing of the nearest phone. it turns out that samantha's cell phone is called by her father. ernesto picks up his cell phone and accidentally sees samantha's face. samantha wakes up and begs him not to hurt her. obviously, he doesn't want to hurt her, because he likes her face. instead, he picks up the phone to take samantha home. samantha ends up falling in love with ernesto for his kindness and vice versa. oddly enough, they kiss each other and finally find their happiness. at the end of the film, christian is now happy because he finally lives like a mermaid in the afterlife. today i talked about a spanish drama with an unusual plot, called skins. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and like to help the channel. thanks for watching. [Music]. 