[Music], hi, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction film, the martian. spoiler ahead, watch out and take care. humans efforts to explore outer space never come to a stop in a future world. after a long journey in the spaceship, in the year 2035, astronauts have finally reached the orbit of mars, a red-colored planet, which is deemed the most habitable place for the mankind. after their landing on its surface with a space shuttle, they can't wait any longer to begin their exploration as scheduled on the martian solar day 18 of their expedition. while astronauts are collecting martian soil samples outside their habitat, they are caught up in a severe sand storm. with the alarm triggered, the captain orders his men to retreat to the habitat. all of a sudden, the sandstorm sweeps over and covers up the whole sky. on their way back, the astronaut one gets struck by debris and lost in the storm due to the air pressure leaking from a broken spacesuit. what's worse, the shuttle is tilted over by the storm and about to collapse to avoid any further damage, the captain makes his decision to evacuate immediately from the goddamn place. they launch the shuttle and escape from the danger. the nasa later releases the news of the failed mission on mars at a press conference, presuming watney is dead. watney, however, survives the dust storm and later awakens badly injured. the low oxygen warning keeps beeping due to his broken spacesuit. he rushes back to the habitat to take some medical care of his wounds. as he recovers, he begins to film his daily life alone in the planet. meanwhile, he has to face a real and emerging challenge that, even with minimum daily consumption, the food left in the storage can only support him for another 400 days at the most. which frustrates him greatly, for he knows that the next mission by man to mars is scheduled four years later, and he can't take that long due to the food shortage. whitney, as the mission's botanist, fortunately, figures out a way to solve such an issue by planting potatoes there. he improvises a big garden inside the habitat, utilizing the martian soil fertilized with the cruise bio waste and manufactures water for the plant by combusting the leftover hydrogen fuel with the oxygen. after months of hard work and tests, on the 54th martian solar day, winding happens to see the potato seeds planted in the soil have sprouted and come in the leaf. on earth, nasa holds a funeral, however, for the presumably dead water, not knowing what has actually happened to watney, until one day a satellite planner notices moved equipment from the satellite images of their habitat on mars, and realizes that watney is still alive, but they can't get in touch with him due to the communication failure on that planet. on the 79th martian solar day, with many efforts invested, watney harvests the potatoes plants for the first time, trying to rebuild the broken communication system on mars. he takes the rover out to search the whole area for any valuable materials. he later retrieves a probe device in the nearby area, which was launched from earth but fell silent on mars many years ago, with its camera and motor found in good condition. whitney then rebuilds a non-sound communication system and successfully regains his contact with people on earth who are working hard reading watney's real intentions through his gestures, what he can hold. his excitement when seeing people on earth again after his months lock down on that deserted planet. but later turns to be upset about nasa when learning that they have not made the public known that he's still alive. but one he feels not so desperate anymore. after the first successful contact, though, nasa plans to build and launch another spaceship for his rescue. but they have to rush the project in order to save him out from the food shortage. however, the situation gets worsened by a sudden big explosion in the habitat taking place due to the air pressure leakage from the broken cabin door, which places the greenhouse plants a raw and freezing environment, and hence destroys all the potato plants. seeing his efforts turned totally in vain, rodney is overwhelmed and desperate as a result. with no time left, nasa has to speed up its rescue plan and launches the spaceship much earlier than scheduled without enough safety tests. on the 185th martian solar day, with everything seemingly ready, nasa launches the spaceship, and the rocket goes fine initially, until they're all shocked by the shaking rocket, which deflects its original orbit and moments later, ends up exploding into pieces. people are depressed by the explosion because they all know what it truly means for the poor watney on mars, who's also stressed out by that, without any hope for survival. he even drafts his wills beforehand, while scratching their heads for any backup plan. nasa receives good news from the china national space administration, who would offer to help nasa with their booster rocket used to propel the returning spaceship back into the mars orbit, where it can dock with the shuttle taken off from the mars. the crew on the returning spaceship are all cheered up by the alternative, although they know this would put their mission and life at risk. the chinese launched their booster into space and, as expected, dock successfully with the spaceship, which subsequently heads back to the mars orbit after a long time waiting anxiously one, he finally receives from nasa the latest instructions telling him to reach the landing site, located three thousand two hundred kilos away one ni. soon begins his three mosque journey with a rover across the desert, all the way to the destination, before taking the space shuttle up to the orbit. unexpectedly, on the other side, due to fuel shortage, the returning spaceship will be unable to reach its scheduled orbit, which will make the docking impossible. without better choice, watney has to figure out a way to resist the martian gravity and propel himself closer to the returning spaceship in the deep space. to make that happen, wadney has to unload most of the shuttle's heavy cargos, trying to reduce its weight for more speed. on the 561st martian solar day, the returning spaceship has reached as far as it can and awaits the docking in outer space. after already wadney is about to take the shuttle off to the martian orbit, while people on earth are all waiting anxiously before the tv, for their heroes return home. the crew in the spaceship are busy coordinating with watney, giving him the technical instructions. after a successful ignition, the shuttle soars into the sky with a long flaming tail left behind. watney, however, suffers a blackout from the propelling force generated by the engine. moments later, the shuttle separates from the booster and it is navigated automatically towards the outer space. watney wakes up and responds to the instructions. everybody cheers up for the first small step he's made, but they soon discover a technical challenge, that the high speed would not allow a safe docking. the captain chooses to explode its front cabinets, which generates enough counter force to lower down the spaceship speed. but it turns out that the spaceship and the shuttle are not on the same surface level as allowed for docking. in order to reach watney in the space, the captain decides to wander into space with the safety belt attached. the belt, however, seems too short for the reach. without any choice what need pieces his pressure suit. and with the counter force generated by the escaping air, he's propelled close enough to the captain, but fails to reach him though due to the high speed. with another attempt, he fetches the belt successfully. watney and the crew are reunited after his 560 solar days alone on mars. months later, after they're heading back, the spaceship finally reaches the beautiful blue earth. and what they who's well known for his breathtaking experience on mars, goes back to his normal life and becomes a survival instructor, sharing his life experience and wisdom to the young astronaut candidates. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 