[Music]. welcome to the breakdown. we break down all the missed ups. now, gotta warn you guys, if you don't like clowns, watch on your own discretion, because we are about to see one of the scariest looking clowns and the entire galaxy mater a bunch of people in the most gruesome ways possible. you can easily find this movie on Netflix, so don't let spooky spoil it for you. if that doesn't matter for you, then stay tuned so we can see a clown get down. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts off with a very small TV with a very big message, or rather, a TV show where a host named Monica is talking to the lone survivor of a very bloody massacre. ouch, whoever did this to her face is literally scarred her more than physically, which is evident in her interview. the attacker is identified as part of the clown who is said to have died on the scene. hmm. well, if that was the case, it was like someone used the Dragon Balls to wish him back to life. he kicks the screen and then he suits up like Batman did. and look at those teeth. those are just ludicrously scary. apart from the teeth, looks like art has lots of tricks ready for a night of terror. then we cut to Monica on her dressing room, talking on the phone, but also recalling what we didn't get to see, because art is disrespectful the TV's turns out that this figured woman went crazy on air, something that causes Monica to be a complete [ __ ] to the woman talking bad about her appearance. this she hears a noise, and honestly, I can't shake the thought that it was the shake that made it. she investigates, pulling clothes and finding nothing. but instead, she gets attacked by that disfigured woman, completely brutalizing her face, as we see pictures of where Monica won't look like again. well, sorry, Monica, but be apathetic next time, or you get a taste of your own medicine. then the disfigure woman laughs, evil and crazy like and then title screen, we cut the two girls, dawn, the blonde in Tara, the protect who probably just left a pretty wild Halloween party. dawn is drunk and in the meantime, I'm looking for keys or the clown comes up, walking down his hood. Tara notices, but instead of getting the [ __ ] out of there into hail naw city, dawn wants to give him a massive murder boner. then they take one look away, only to look back to see that art knows. Instant Transmission. later, the girls stop at a restaurant, flaunting their horror movie character tropes to each other. but then art the Klan walks in looking like a hood clown. then he goes even worse and turns into a perverted clown. oh no. it's time to move to another city. Tara is so a treat by the scary ass clown, while I'm ready to burn it with a Mathura suit fire. Don makes it worse by taking a picture, but he is too busy imagining how [ __ ] Atari is. why the [ __ ] are you still here? she's dumber than Android. 18. ok, ok, sorry. uh, enough weed jokes. but looks like art wants to rub one out after staring at sexy ass tar for too long. while tourists stares at his murder bag. the owner of that piece of place drags art out and kicks him out of the place. looks like he really their road went out. well, later, the girls leave his will, going back to the car, but finding a tire has been sabotage. we didn't see exactly what art did, which is vandalized the bathroom with piss and all types of poop action. ok, that's really gross. so let's come back to Terra. Terra calls her sister Victoria, to come pick them up, and only accepts because she doesn't want to watch her drunk roommate have fun with her boy toy. then we cut to the worker that is cleaning up all that poop and piss. he calls out for his boss, but finds him missing his body. this like are decapitated him and fashion his hair to look like a Jack Leonard. art chases out to the worker, cutting off his hand and then stabbing him in the cheek. his gruesome murder, being stabbed in the face is being intercut with the two girls talking. and we finally see that this worker is gonna get a closed-casket funeral. well, now we're back with the girls. tarah really has the peepee, so she talks to this custodian to ask if he can lead her to the bathroom. well, this is the bathroom. I think I'd rather go do it in an alley. meanwhile, in the car, Don here's a news report about the to pee. so plays murders we just saw, and they even know the killer is a clown. damn, they were fast. while she looks at pictures of the possible killer, tarah comes back into the car. it oh, your [ __ ]. now before we see anything, we cut directly to Tara, who thinks it's a good idea to investigate this abandoned building and put herself into danger. she gets surprised by an eccentric woman with a baby. the woman thinks they are neighbors. so Tara shakes the spot. she rushed to the front, but freezes and responds to single beautiful painted masterpiece, aka art. he scares her, which helps her activate super Sam to get away. I wouldn't want my name in the obituaries either. she hides behind cars, but we know art is just toying with her, while she lives for him. he stabs her in the leg twice, causing her to slap him in the face twice. he starts suffocating her, going to being tried to brutally push her Eisen, but she stabs him and escapes. he loves this dope. I mean, look at this evil man's grin. she throws a distraction like she's Sam Fisher. tell me to come and see to get that reference. but then we cut to Victoria, who is coming to pick up her sister. she also hears on a radio about the brutal crimes that happened at the piece of place back Ouattara. she is trying to escape, but the building is locked, so she goes upstairs to find somewhere to hide. she finds that the custodian is working, but he is too lost in the sauce to her. and she gets surprised and grabbed by art, the clown. art brings out a syringe and uses it to make tower pass out. taro wakes back up bound, and her first sight is seeing a bloodthirsty psycho on the right. what a terrifying figure he is, and he is loving showing her that he could brutally kill her at any time. he think goes in front because he's got something special to show her, her friend, doc. dam more sensory I'm starting to hate titties. and he then uses the saw to cut her from the inside of her legs all the way down to her damn mouth. like, damn. this is easily a crazy, fucked-up dick. I'm so sorry you have to go all the way through that done. but the show must go on. despite being shot from the morbid display, tarah gets angry and breaks out of the chair, dick slapping art. she then stabs him in the back, once, only once. well, anyway, she grabs a block and uses it to combat art, getting plenty of good hits in. ok, Ronda Rousey, it might be a good idea to get the [ __ ] out of here, because I bet you didn't know that art was trapped. damn. he to mega. he then shoots her in the side as she crawls. and it looks like Tyra story is over, because she then is shot in the face. well, it really it looks like she got shot in the cheek. but she ain't dead yet. so art goes to find some ammo to finish the job. meanwhile, Victoria takes Dawn's phone looking for her sister. art sees this and lures Victoria around the back by pretending to be done. he then takes the phone and shoots a selfie with Dawn's body. he goes to Turin, shooting her in the head. but he ain't finished, because he didn't rudely shoots her multiple times in the face, which we see is being watched by that dog lady, looks like art. listen, go though. so she runs away and finds the custodian creeping him out with her weird antics for her to call the police. he pushes her away, but instead of the cops, he calls his friend. before he can talk though, are the clown pops up, telling the custodian to go to sleep. he then destroys the phone in a crazy manner. back with the doll lady, she goes back to her living space to find her dog missing. she later finds that is being held by art. but no matter how scary it is, a mother is gonna try to get her baby back. she then asked if he's ever had a mother's touch and gives it to him, which gets him sucking on his finger. later we see Victoria hearing Dawn's phone ringing. but instead of the two girls, she finds a very gruesome murder scene. she runs away, then here's a scream in the background, thinking, is tarah? see investigates and finds a hurt lady on the floor. is that doll lady? nope. this is doll lady who had her breasts, skin and hair cut off. that was me. that yep. art is a sick [ __ ] Victoria runs away, and we see how sick and evil art is as he walks around like a lady. Victoria highs. but as she's hiding, the custodians partner looks around to find his friend. he finds bloody shoe prints that lead him to find the doll. but then art comes and stabs him in the brain. and then he literally decapitated a man, easily pulling his head off and then kicking the head. Victoria gets out of hiding, trying to escape his art plays jigsaw. oh. she looks around the right and festive building. but then she gets suffocated with plastic by art. trying her hardest to fight back, she brilliantly tears the bag. she then grabs a nail and drives it through arts feet. next Victoria finds Tara's dead body. what a sad way to go as the sister. more she gets tortured by art with his improvised multi tailed whip, while he slashes her many painful times. the custodian, who woke up from his nap, literally drops art like it was nothing. the custodian drags Victoria away so they can call the cops, but it kind of sounds like the cops are a little lime, no automated. as the cops come, the two survivors try to escape, but art calms and drops the custodian. he then brutally stomped on his head several times, and wished the last stunt, completely destroys his face. Victoria tries to break that lock meanwhile, and she succeeds, but has grabbed again by art. in return, she stabs him in the eye. she runs a waste weezing through a lot door, but are completely toys with the broken girl. art escapes, but actually he gets in a truck and bust through the door, which also impacts Victoria. right as the police come, art is seen literally eating Victoria's face. they tell him, freeze, but it's still a drop in the soap. he would rather go to hell and shoots himself. the police examined the scene and see that Victoria is still alive, but barely breathing. then we see some cops delivered the dead bodies to a war worker. he sees the destroyed head of the custodian, and then he checks out the next body, art, who seems to be smiling at him. then suddenly the lights flicker. but the worker has balls of steel. nothing would prepare him, though, for the resurrection of art, who rises up, literally, from the death, to kill the man who collected the dragonballs. for this guy, the movie answers. we see that one year has passed and Victoria has finally got out of the hospital after the encounter. next it's revealed that the girl from the beginning was actually Victoria, meaning that we were watching the future from the beginning. okay, well, art, the clown was easily a very scary living clown, in my opinion, a lot scarier looking than Pennywise. now that we've seen how brutal and undead clown can be, let's talk about the mostess 3rd moment and most enjoyed moment in that spooky stuff. [Music]. okay, so let's get right into it. the mostest third moment is easily, for me, the cutting in half. done. it was just a really gory scene the watched. and I'm sure she was probably suffering to the end. but at least Terra gave a good fight before she exited. the script to the most enjoyment for me was probably, I don't know, maybe the beginning, when Victoria had brutalized Monica. that's what you get for talking bad about Solon, I guess. and that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. and if you did, make sure you click on that like button. also, if he knew, check out these plenty of history films that I got set up for you right here. thanks for watching. spooky out 