[Music], hello and welcome to another episode. movie. spoiler alerts, they were talking about the 2011 superhero film, Thor. so let's get started. film open the 1965 ad where Odin, the king of Asgard, is waging work and see frost giants and our leader, lafi, prevent them from conquering the nine realms. Asgardian warriors defeat the frost giants and seize their source of power. the film transitions the present for Odin's son, Thor, is repairing to take over the throne of Asgard, but is interrupted when frost giants attempt to retrieve their power source against Odin's order. Thor travels to confront lafi, accompanied by his brother Loki, childhood front set and a boarders three. Odin must intervene, and a fragile truce between the races is destroyed. Odin strips Thor of his powers and exiled him to earth as a mortal, accompanied by his hammer, Mjolnir. now protected by an enchantment that allows only the worthy to lifted. Thor lands in New Mexico, where dr. Jane Foster, Darcy Lewis and dr. Erik Selvig find him. SHIELD agent Phil Coulson, commandeer as the hammer door, attempts to retrieve it, but he finds himself unable to lifted. he accepts his exile on earth and develops a romance with Jane. meanwhile, locally, discovers that he's lost son, adopted by Odin. after the war ended, Loki seizes the throne what Odin is in a deep sleep, and offers lafi the chance to kill Odin. SIF and the Warriors, three attempt to return Thor from exile. Loki sends a massive lawyer called the destroyer to pursue them. the destroyer attacks and defeats the Warriors, prompting Thor to offer himself instead. though sacrifice proves him worthy to wield Mjolnir, the hammer returns to him, restoring his powers and enabling him to defeat the destroyer. kissing Jane goodbye and bound to return, he and his fellow as Guardians leave to confront Loki. Loki betrays and kills lafi, revealing his true plan was destroyed the frost giants world to prove himself worthy to Odin. Thor arrives to stop Loki's plan and ends up stranding himself in Asgard, Odin awakens and refuses to give Loki approval, prompting him to fall into an abyss. on earth, Jane and her team search for a way to open a portal to Asgard. in a post-credits scene, next furious solving to study a mysterious cube shaped object. so that was a spoilers for Thor. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie Square alerts on the various ones of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 