you know how ryan reynolds plays himself in every movie and we love it? well, here's another one of those deadpool discovers. vr chat brought to you by keeps. we start things off being blessed by ryan's perfect voice as he narrates. honestly, he puts me to shame. these right here are the sunglasses people. this one is channing tatum. those who don the dripped out shades can do whatever their heart desires in this virtual world known as free city. imagine if gta and fortnite had a baby and that baby adopted deadpool. this is free guy. his name guy. he's got a goldfish, an iconic blue shirt, and he loves medium sized coffee with two sugars. unlike the sunglasses people, guy can't just have everything he wants. [Music], oh, relatable. but despite a few setbacks, life is good. guy works at a bank with his buddy, buddy while tending to an old couple. guy reflects on the void in his life. i feel like i'm missing something. i feel like peanut butter without jelly. before he can complete that thought, robert stormed the building. that is an excessive amount of shooting. everyone is deaf. now the bank employees and patrons submit to their captors with no resistance. it's almost like this is a routine for them. the best buddies take cover while guy shares his feelings. there's this girl living rent free in my mind. i gotta find her. she doesn't exist. she's just a fantasy. don't you dare talk about my wife who like that. meanwhile, could this be the girl? whoever she is, she's a badass. she's on a mission for truth. and this guy's got a tip. apparently, the video she's looking for is stored in this guy's stash house. however, the unknown merchant is quite nosy, so our femme fatale flashes the blicky, you're so feisty. we let her. see her on the street. wow. she's able to predict everything everyone says, except for guy. as they cross paths, he comments on the song she was humming, instead of his usual line, don't have a good day. have a great day. once they lock eyes, it's game over for guy. he's shook. she walks past, and he can't take his eyes off her. fatty buddy, i gotta go talk to her. man, she's wearing sunglasses. we can't talk to those people. girls do love confidence. just don't get run over in the process. we transition over to the real world where we meet the girl behind molotov, girl millie. she watches the trailer for free city too, before waitress tells her to go away. you sure are addicted to that game, lady. no, no. i just have a lawsuit against the company, and i'm looking for something. i wish we weren't closing so i could hear more about this unnecessary the next morning in free city, something's different, though. as per usual, guy heads for a coffee, but he has a different order in mind. i'm feeling frisky today. let's try a cappuccino. the barista, along with everyone else, seems to malfunction as guy tries to order something different. everybody gets a medium with two sugars here. somebody's about to get shot. well, that escalated quickly. guy laughs it off, pretending he was joking, and proceeds with the usual. after he leaves, she can be seen staring off at the coffee and contemplating, maybe there's more to this life like espressos and macchiatos. moving on, just as always, his bank gets robbed. but this time he spots the fatty once more. buddy, i i gotta do something. hi, mr robber. i'm gonna need your sunglasses. he's just an npc. where's that? [ __ ]. guy gets his virtual butt beat. however, through the power of simping, he overcomes the foe before him. oh my god. how could you do that? guy, he's just resting. i'm starting to realize i have the same humor as ryan reynolds. anyway, guy runs out and gives the sunglasses a try. what the hell did that barista put in my coffee? but that's not the case at all. guy, you're simply in a video game. look, there's a health pack. give it a shot. feel brand new, don't you? then this goofball conveniently bogs himself and lands right next to guy. ooh, money. let's see how much we got. so much money. hello. hey guys. mini movies here. did you know i'm exceedingly bald, and that's why it keeps sponsoring this video? to help me and to help you. did you know two-thirds of men start losing their hair by the time they're 35? that's alarming indeed. it is. stay tuned. stay tuned. for more information. trust me, you don't want to lose your hair. once it's too late, it's over. just look at jeff bezos, the richest man in the world, and he's still bald. that's why it's imperative you start keeps as soon as this problem rears its balding ahead. results often take four to six months. so the sooner you start using keeps, the better. it's an extremely effective, science-backed and affordable way to prevent and even reverse hair loss. keeps offers generic versions of fta approved medications that won't break the bank. if you want hair like me and you're ready to take action to prevent hair loss, go to keeps.com minute movies, or click the link in the description to receive 50 off your first order. that's k-e-e-p-s dot com, slash minute movies all together. seriously, buy it. look at that hair. go. that's right, my guy. take all you can get. then we cut to keys, one of the game's developers. he's left rather perplexed about the npc that, against all odds, ice the player. he must be a player that somehow hacked himself to have an npc skin boot the trash ass. noob, ban him for life. you're done. ah, gamer, lingo, the kids will love this. keys and mouser hop into the game donning a mustache and a bunny suit. meanwhile, guy confidently steps out of his store with some new kicks. the devs track him down and question him. how'd you get that skin? mostly genetics. i think he has no idea what they're talking about. guy just thinks he's a guy. all right, let's ban this noob. a chase and zeus leading them all to a construction site before things get deadly. guy discovers an interesting feature of his shoes. no matter, we have developer powers. the pair worked their way up and corner scared guy. they unload on him, but seem to have the aim of star troopers. guy runs off towards a wrecking ball and picks up some trinkets along the way. i kid you not, the song wrecking ball literally plays in this moment. fortunately, one of the trinkets comes in handy. a guy lands safely and celebrates his victory. that just happened after we learned more about keystone news clip. looks like he was working on a game himself and his partner was millie. the game was called life itself, and it featured a revolutionary ai engine where characters could learn and evolve. we also see millie ask for a medium sized coffee with two sugars. huh. interesting. at his house, keys runs into millie who's broken in. it can't be seen with you. it's in violation of the nda. we learned that the company behind free city tsunami bought their code, but supposedly didn't use it. however, millie believes otherwise. i found a clue. just please help me get in. no, no, i don't think i will. keys tells her to get lost. then we come back to free city. this morning, gaix claims that today is going to be different, and he's not wrong. he picks out a slightly different blue shirt this time. meanwhile, millie heads to the stash house and prepares to strike. suddenly, this lovable goofball shows up. hey, who are you? uh, hi. i followed you. oh, cool. i thought you were an npc. lol. uh-oh. the guard spotted them. millie whips out a portal gun, and guy follows. they proceed to chat in her stash house. listen, guy, if you want to hang out with a baddie. with a fatty like me, you need to level up. is one the best. there's literally nothing lower. get back to me when you're over 100. fair enough. we proceed with a montage of guy leveling up, but not in the traditional way. instead of robbing and blasting, he's helping and saving. it doesn't take long for him to become a viral sensation. you even got the likes of green pewdiepie and fortnite pewdiepie commenting on the so-called blue shirt guy. they even love him in japan and china. guy's racking up the levels, and soon enough he's a full on badass. he hits these goons with the boom, bam, pow, bop. arena and claims the final level up he needs before returning to the action. guy pays a visit to the bank, but he's been worried about him, and guy just wants him to see the light. some robbers pull up. and now that guy's an alpha male, he takes control here. buddy, put on these glasses. no, okay, whatever. guy turns his sights to this bombshell and lets her know that she can do better. you deserve a nice guy. and like all nice guys, guy finishes last. where are you going? meanwhile, millie gives the stash house mission another shot. this time she's convinced keys to help. all right, keys, open it up. hold on, i haven't even wiped yet. okay, it's open. milly heads in, grabs the video she needs, but the place is booby trapped with spawn points. she quickly finds herself overwhelmed. there's nothing i can do to help now. millie, wait, why not? plot? convenience gotcha. fortunately, our boy pops in for a visit. was that cool? thank you, blue shirt guy. very cool. the pair face off against a colorful cast of bad guys, though, guy ends up just staring at millie doing her thing in slow motion. why are you smiling like that? stop. one of the baddies turn their sights to guy, and he takes him to snap city. then even more goons pull up, so guy gets on his bike and insists they leave. millie jumps on in the coolest manner possible and asks an important question, is that a glock in your pocket? no, i'm just happy to see you. okay, but seriously, there's two glocks in there. milly blasts away while guy 360 is away on the bike. then they decide it's time to cut their losses in skedaddle. they leave without the video. but at least they became friends along the way. back in the real world, keys gets a message alerting him of antoine's arrival. that's the company's quirky and kind of evil ceo. though he comes through with good spirits. this blue shirt guy is straight busting amongst the millennials. hey, our team, can we upgrade him? let's make him jacked. then he clowns on keys a bit before departing. nonetheless, keys remains determined and continues to investigate who exactly guy is back in vr chat or whatever. millie inquires as to why guys doing all this. i don't know. i guess i just felt stuck, yeah, but like, who are you? i'm just a guy. ho ho ha. p comedy right there. of course, guy is still clueless about the reality of what he is, and so is millie. suddenly, things take a turn for the romantic. guy leans in and no, no, no, not doing that. afterwards, they go on a little ice cream day. guy has a rather odd taste in ice cream. i love bubble gum ice cream? what? no way. me too. it's like you're in my head. guy, the pair enjoyed the cursed flavor of ice cream before spotting a swing set, another thing they both love. i'm starting to see a pattern here, and apparently so is keys. while checking the code of various npcs, he makes a discovery. meanwhile, millie knows how odd it is that they both like the same coffee, ice cream and swing sets. then guy goes in for the kill. i really want to kiss you. okay, the embrace for a sensual kiss. guy thoroughly enjoys the moment, while millie kind of just sits there. yeah, almost forgot about that part, didn't you? guy is ecstatic, but millie has to go. i think someone's at the door. i'll say if you know what he means. she suggests they meet up in the real world one day. but this just leaves guy befuddled. turns out it's your boy, keys at the door. milly, the demigorgon. wait, wrong. show keys is in fact there to report his findings. milly, our code worked. it is in the game. the npcs are evolving. it started with blue shirt guy, and now it's spreading. wait, my guy. i thought he was a hacker or something. keys continues as millie sits there dumbfounded. the barista learned how to make cappuccinos. and the bombshell girl wrote an essay on the patriarchy. it's a little preaching part, but overall, it's pretty good. then millie reveals that she kissed guy. keys is definitely a little jealous, but nonetheless, he's spinning straight facts. he's like, four huh. you're right. moving on. keys realizes that free city two is just an attempt to start over, a way for anton to delete all evidence of his code stealing. if they don't act soon, guy, along with his virtual world, will be god forever. after keys leaves, millie heads back in and fetch his guy. i have to tell you something me, mary, well, it's a little worse than that. millie takes him to the multiplayer lounge and drops a truth bomb on him, you're not real. this is a game. there's a whole ass other world out there, and it's boring, so don't feel bad. unfortunately, this hits guy like a truck, kicking off a full-blown existential crisis. i've been there. guy, he storms off and reflects on how much life, or rather not life, sucks. guy proceeds to roam the streets spreading this revelation. everything is fake. the street your boobs seeking guidance. guy heads to buddy's place. what would you do if everything was fake? well, it don't matter. what's more real than this? i'm here having a conversation, trying to help someone i love, and that's all that matters. you know, the funny thing is the real world is just as meaningless as a virtual one. so this is actually fantastic advice. thanks buddy. feeling reinvigorated, a guy heads to the stash house with buddy. guy strikes a menacing pose while he waits for the threat that lies ahead. suddenly, chatting 10, pulls up and wonders how they got here. i know your security guard, jimmy. his name is luigi. this is why it's important to respect your employees. god demands the video clip. and turns out mr tatum is rather eager to give it up. are you blue shirt? guy? i'm your biggest fan. turns out he's a dorky streamer. yes, that's a redundant statement. oh my god. look, guys, i'm here with blue shirt guy, who are you talking to? that's a classic blue shirt guy line. anyway, here's the video. man, have a good one. guy and buddy walk away while channing hits a couple fortnite dances. snakey man, no. afterwards, a guy pays a visit to millie's place, but finds her lifeless avatar instead. he rambles on and on until, oh hey, i got the thing. before the plot continues, we have a few more internet celebrity cameos to run through. i hate this. moving on. we cut to the tsunami office, where antoine can be seen storming in. he's done a complete 180 on blue shirt guy. all these streaming people are giving him so much attention that it's taking away from the free city 2 release. sales are down 60 percent. that's bad. he demands he be kicked out of the game. but he steps in, revealing that that won't be possible. he's an npc. you can't do that. then mouser chimes in, well, we could just reboot the server. that should set him back to default a solution. mouser gets to work on that, while we check back in with guy. he sits with millie in the gamer lounges. they inspect the videotape. we can see channing dancing centrally while overlooking a gorgeous paradise. that paradise is from life itself. this is proof that antoine used the game's code and tried to hide it. then guy realizes something. i've seen this place before. he can share further. mouser hits the reboot no, the entire world stops in time for guy. he walks out, and we get a chance to appreciate the pure chaos of the city. though it doesn't last long. just like my incognito tabs, the city soon gets wiped from history. we can see on milli's end that the servers have gone down, but they quickly come back up. she logs back in and searches for guy. hey guy, remember me? nope. oh boy. feeling defeated, millie longs off and storms out. however, keys hits her up and gives her hope. at home, she reviews a video he made explaining things. apparently, despite the server reset, what makes guys special is still in there. after reviewing the files, keys realized that guy meeting millie set off a chain reaction inside his code. all it would take to bring him back is a similar event. oh, okay, i have an idea. just like that, guy's memories come back. come on, let me show you something. he takes her back to his place and shows her his blinds. turns out you can still see the reflection of the life itself. game, huh? interesting. using this knowledge, keys is able to locate the other game, they plot to cross over using a bridge that keys will spawn in. but there's one problem. once antoine catches wind of this, he's gonna throw everything he has at them. guy chimes in, what if he doesn't have anything to throw? we cut to guy and millie meeting with all the npcs. guy delivers an inspiring speech, waking them up to the fact that the world doesn't have to be so cruel. he points to millie's world as an example. how many banks were robbed a day in your world? not really, and i bet there's no gun violence either. well, about that. okay, moving on. the npcs go along with the plan, proceeding with the city-wide strike. afterwards, the various internet nobodies can be seen commenting on this anomaly. and who's watching them? ant one is. he also learns that millie is behind this after an employee shows him some footage of guy. when guy went to snatch the video, he name dropped, millie molotov, girl's real name. antoine turns to mouser for help. give him five stars. put the cops on him. i can't, sir. all the npcs are on strike. well, i don't know. turn off responses start messing [ __ ] up. mouser obliges, as guide drives off with millie. the buildings begin to close in on them. to make matters worse, mouser launches a car or two of their way. guy swerves, speeds and dodges his way past the hazards, but the end is near for him. suddenly, keys comes in clutch, spawning in a ramp. guy makes it out by the skin of his teeth. as antoine learns of kei's lingering presence, he has a security search for him, while signaling to the art team that it's time bring out the new and improved guy. but sir, he's not ready yet do it. meanwhile, guy and millie make it to the beach, and keys gets captured. him and ant won't have a heated conversation about the stolen code. before keys makes his final play back in the game, one of the buildings begins to break apart as it's reconfigured into a bridge. then mouser marches in and informs antoine, who orders him to delete all the players. not wanting to lose his job, he goes along. millie gets downgraded to 240p before completely phasing out of the game, and keys is escorted out of the building, but manages to set all the deleted players to spectator mode. viewers from across the world watch on with baited breath as guy barks towards the bridge. oh no, it's guy. but better. the behemoth beats on guy before buddy pulls up for backup. but he becomes entranced by the man's booba. with buddy subdued, the battle continues. antoine has the developers activated death punch, but guy counters with captain america shield. oh hell yeah. then we get some lightsaber action and a gravity gun. however, it's not enough to overcome the power of being yoked out of your mind while being squeezed to death. a guy gets an assist from buddy. now equipped with his glasses, guy searches for something helpful, though, he gets an even better idea. oh shiny. the beast giddily runs off, collecting all the virtual goodies that cross his path. now, when obstructed, guy proceeds onto the bridge with buddy. not to be outdone, antoine storms into the server room with an axe. however, keith spots him and alerts millie. antoine starts chopping away at the servers, causing chunks of free city to be permanently destroyed. guy and buddy continue to run while the bridge begins to break apart. unfortunately, the carnage soon catches up to them, creating a chasm between the two friends. buddy and [ __ ] continues on without him. but guy can't leave his buddy behind. sadly, he soon has no choice, as buddy gets thanos snapped out of existence. but that's okay. guy makes it. he lands on what appears to be a paradise as the npcs that survive look on. back in the real world, millie finally pulls up to the server room. antoine has busted all the servers except one. conveniently, that's the one that holds the life at south island. milly pleads with him to leave it and offers him a deal. you can have all the rights to free city and all its sequels. that's a terrible deal for you. i'll take it some time elapses and we learned that keys and millie made it out on top. free city 2 was a commercial failure, while their game took off. millie hops into the new world and greets guy before bidding her farewell, though guy beats her to the bunch. i don't know if it's my programming, but i love you, millie. that being said, you can't be spending all your time in here. plus, i have a suspicion that i'm really just some sort of love letter. i think the author is somewhere out there waiting for you. suddenly, millie realizes why guy has all these things in common with her. she searches up guys files and finds a video of keys explaining his character. you see, i designed this guy to be in love. and what better inspiration than the girl i was in love with? millie immediately runs out in search of keys. she finds him, and they simply stare at each other from across the street. she smiles with teary eyes as keys realizes she knows then they embrace for a kiss. thanks again for sponsoring this. video keeps if your name is jacob, matthew, michael or james, then you gotta check out the link in the description 