hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2005 film Star Wars, Episode three, Revenge of the Sith. so let's get started. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you want to see a summary for the previous films, please click on the links below. the film opens with the galactic Republic and the separatists still at war with obi-wan and Anakin fighting a space battle above the planet of Khorasan in a mission to rescue the kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine. Palpatine is being held by the separatists commander, General Grievous. the Jedi battle the Sith Count Dooku, and the fight ends with Anakin killing Dooku upon Palpatine's command. General Grievous flees the nearly destroyed ship which the Jedi crash-land on Khorasan. Anakin is then reunited with his wife, Padme, who reveals she is pregnant. Anakin begins to have premonitions about her dying in childbirth, which begins to consume him. Palpatine appoints Anakin to be on the Jedi Council, which is not a normal thing to do, because Palpatine once Anakin to represent him on the council. the council is not happy about this, and the council urges Anakin to monitor Palpatine, as they feel something is not right about him. Anakin starts to become unsure about the Jedi's faith. and as further pushed as Palpatine tells Anakin about the powers of the dark side, even in preventing death, eventually Palpatine reveals himself as the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, showing that he has been orchestrating the events of the past films and actually directing both sides of the war, being Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, the head of the Galactic Republic, on one side, as well as Darth Sidious, the secret head of the separatists on the other side. Anakin reports us to the Jedi Council and Mace Windu. when the most powerful Jedi begins to battle Palpatine, Palpatine's Force Lightning is backfired upon himself, and he becomes horribly disfigured and is just about to be defeated by mace Windu. Palpatine, though, convinces Anakin that he knows a secret way to save Padme from dying in childbirth. and anakin kills mace Windu. Anakin pledges himself to Palpatine, and Palpatine dubs Anakin now as Darth Vader, Palpatine issues order 66 to the clone troopers, a secret order to kill all the Jedi, and sends Anakin, now Darth Vader, to the Jedi Temple to kill all of the Jedi there, including very young children. Jedi's, obi-wan and Yoda survived the attack, however, but all other Jedi's are killed. Vader is sent now to kill the remaining leaders of the separatists Union on the volcanic planet of mustafar, while Palpatine announces to the Senate that the government will now be reformed into the Galactic Empire, declaring himself Emperor. Yoda and obi-wan discover what Anakin did at the Jedi Temple and are horrified and tell Padme what Anakin did. Padme leaves for Mustafar to confront Anakin, and obi-wan hides aboard the craft. Padme arrives to me Anakin. and obi-wan reveals himself. Anakin believes that Padme has betrayed him, so he begins to force choke her. obi-wan and Anakin fight, and Anakin is severely maimed and defeated. Anakin becomes significantly burned by a volcanic River, and obi-wan leaves with padm\xc3\xa9. padm\xc3\xa9 gives birth to two twins, Luke and Leia, and dies shortly after. obi-wan and Yoda decided to hide the twins from the Empire, separating them. senator Bail Organa adopts Leia and takes her to the planet of Alderaan. they send Luke to live with his step uncle, Owen Lars, back on the planet of Tatooine that we saw in the second film, where obi-wan will watch over Luke. Palpatine recovers Anakin, and his body's repaired with a cybernetic suit. Palpatine informs Vader of Padme death, which he is devastated by. as the film concludes, we see the Empire is overseeing the construction of the super weapon discussed in the second film, the Death Star. so that was the spoilers for Star Wars, Episode three, Revenge of the Sith, we will be spoiling all the Star Wars films before the theater release of episode 7. so please look out for those. if you have another film that you like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our very forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 