before we begin, let me start by saying science is our survival depends on strong family units. but the second you see folks eating flesh and blood, you throw your flesh and blood to the folks and run. the stars of our movie today are one smart loner and a whole lot of edges play. our story begins with brother and sister who have lost their family. call dear old dad and brothers like, bad enough mom held you up at church this morning, now she sends us out here to put the same dad blame cross on Dad's babe, I don't put here three times, cuz she can't do her own. Creek yourself. I bet you I could whisper down to dad right now say, what you doing now now and he just say, and then only the lonely, well, let's just call him Lester. lonely Lester has a nice ring to it. he sees how close these two siblings are, he just want a hug. then they have a little acid in while they're roughhousing, and then he goes full sister hug. so sister tries to say goodbye, and she chokes, tries to walk away, and she stumbles. and this may look a little extreme, but you'll know ones like to be lonely Lester. so Sisko trying to pull a 5-mile and now peel out road. Lester, go get Joe Cardo den. sister has no bling Katori Hall, movie automobile mishap. I don't know how they'd been got that big, if I'm a PI. ok. so she finds a farmhouse, and Lester still creeping up on her, and he's like, isn't my breath? and sister checks out this farmhouse while only Lester walk around outside zombie, mumbling like, I don't wanna be lonely, no mall. then sis finds a faceless female, faceless as in eyes without a face, faceless as in too many teeth showing, faceless. and as she runs into bed, and he's like, we got a boat up this house, because lonely Lester won't be lonely for long. can you imagine this film releasing in 1968, one month before the rating system started. people pulling up with a children on a Saturday night, all round round, get around. I get around and see this movie in shock, like we was just here for fun challenge, or baby boomer America. but mama the next day drinking coffee and puffing on her elegant Lucky Strike into Sunday school meeting, like we saw that trash. don't take the children. meanwhile, they'll cheer me upstairs in the playroom, telling the other 12 year olds and his Stand By Me Posse man. y'all got sneaked in to see that movie history. and you might be asking me, Jeff, why you dr. Elson? well, because BAM, fights off zombies, kill zombies and builds up the house for half the movie. okay, but in the meantime, bands like, Shh, I don't need nobody. I saw about 60 of them and I just bolt right through them. and my only regret is I only bought a spare, damn it. and it's just to start telling her story. and she says, I saw that one and I said, good evening. you lying. [ __ ]. you ain't say nothing to lonely Lester. but Ben's like, look, lady, we all have our sad stories. except when I told mine, I didn't freak the hell out. now, call me a booty down and take a snooze. by the time sis wakes up, been done, found himself a rifle, and sis a pair of shoes. then Ben ventures upstairs. and might I just add, if you gonna get a bye zombie, do so on a row so you can get dragged away ever loosely. it's just good manners. then Tom and Harry pop out the center, but I'm just like, where's dick? and Ben is like, where the hell was y'all when I was boarding this house up for half the movie alone? you know how many windows this place has? I didn't either, but I sure as hell do now. and then they fight about where they gonna stay. I say, we stay up here. I say, we go down to the cellar here. sell them here, settle up. you know what? I don't give us what you do. just get y'all stupid. I'm down to the cellar. bougas. what's down in the cellar? Harry, angry wife and his zombie bit daughter. didn't know back then, but we all know now. the first bit to get big, got to get to boot a hairy Helen Cooper argue all the damn time. show me a merry couple of adult cuz, Harry having trouble keeping his nuclear family from becoming food, which entire lease him to having troubles putting food on his new killer family. so Harry Helen and Karen Cooper. try saying that three times fast. Harry Helen, Karen Cooper, heron, Kelly coop and Cara Helen Keller, hey, Poe coupie. they just your typical family unit. daddy always got to be right, public hopes by hitting hooch. mama always passive-aggressive in her disagreement, with a lockdown on the couch. child always be a sickly near time-sucking mooch. so the new blended family gathers around the boob tube, hoping for relax an episode of the Patty Duke show place. did they just see this news anchor? he says, well, in light of recent events that have ensued, we here at you are f ke D have concluded that you're all doomed, and you should all just tell some a loved one, grab what you can and run. here's a scientist. what do you say scientists? I agree with you completely, Bob. they should all just tell someone loved one, grab what they can and run, and set some bits on file along the way. I wish we were in the future and had some Elon Musk flame those, because those could be really fun right about now. back to you, Bob. in other news, an elderly man saved a basket of often kittens. today need them all sweaters that said, love you, muffin. and viagra has been linked to erectile dysfunction. welcome to five steps to f up the zombie apocalypse Without Really Trying. step 1, team up with some idiots. step 2, try and fail to get some gas in your truck. step 3, get blowed up. step 4, allow zombies to enjoy a family picnic on your Kolb's barbecue. step 5, say, fellas, could I have some of that Bobby q. remember, you two can't F up the zombie apocalypse. while idiots were getting blown up, Ben got locked out, and Ben forces his way back in and beats the hell out of Herod. and then the news shows some locals working with the law enforcement. and this one is like, well, earlier I saw about 250 of them sons of guns coming up out the woods, and I just start shooting. well, first I'll start and then an I start shooting. - shot my own gran - - not granted, grandpappy, son or daughter, I don't give a shoot. [ __ ]. so that's what Ben does you don't try to grab a man's piece. the hare stumbles on down the steps and dies next to his daughter. and this is the part of the movie where Michael puts his hand on the woman's shoulder and says, what's the problem? Lou goes back. lonely Lester, not so lonely. no mom. way to go, Lester. then downstairs, the daughter come back to life. well, that's how kids be. you give them everything they want and they still eat you out of house and bone. back upstairs, lonely Lester's like, haha, since I don't stow your sibling, ain't just just like people. I'll look at this lovely family home. let's see if we can wreck it. back downstairs, man finds undead Harry and puts him down again, and then kills the woman that's already there, so he ain't gotta put her down twice. and the next morning, Ben is the only one alive, and another kind of mindless zombie group shows up, and don't ask no questions, and kills been trying to restore order and become monsters themselves. and that's all I have to say about that. so you may glean from it what you will do. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe. push that little ring-a-ding bell so you don't miss your regular fix with math. you can expect me to upload more videos before the zombie apocalypse. full movies. explain fall. I'm Jeb lonely down. come on over, Lester. I don't care if your brother's rank 