listen, I've mentioned the raid movies before, and some of y'all actually listened and experienced those bad boys and then tweeted at me and how it freakin changed your life. but I know some of y'all still haven't watched them. in my opinion, those are two of some of the best action films ever made. so when I heard that the director, Gareth Evans, was making a Netflix movie where Dan Stevens would be the guest in a cult Island, where he starts killing them one by one, I opened a second account. it's obviously a hard to top your work of arts that came before, but I still think that this one was a solid renta. it's super bloody, and it has one of the most interesting religious metaphors of the year. let me explain. so this dude named Malcolm who becomes a prophet for these people after none of them wanted to pay taxes to the king, and they all fled to this random Island, something I'll probably do in the IRS. nothing actually gets proven to these people, who get promised that there's a goddess on this island who, you know, only Malcolm can talk to, who's gonna provide crops and shelter and life for them. she doesn't. they actually end up at a point where these people are keeping Passover on a daily basis, except the blood that they're putting outside their doors is their own. so needless to say, this dude needs to find a way to get some food for his people before they all die. so he decides to kidnap or rich girl from the mainland in order to hold her for ransom. but little does he know, Dan Stevens was cast in this movie, he was actually a part of a missionary as we see in his silence flashback, where he went to go show these people the Word of God, but since they were so full of venom, they let the devil in instead. dude gets a bigger cross to Nick Cannon's stamped on his back. and would he immediately become a villain if this were a pure flix film, because he just believes that god is dead. so with that vendetta, he decides to go to the island to take down this cult and get his sister back. and the only reason he doesn't get caught right away as the intruder is because he saves the main guy from this dude. okay, you bring anyone at all. they were supposed to. Thomas is safe in the meantime, since he's now polite brothers with Malcolm. but says they still don't know who the snitch is on the island. they drag out the sister they're holding for ransom, and legit just poke her with a stick. they eventually try to capture him, and he hides down below the floorboards where the blood goes. which, if that wasn't bad enough, Oh No. so it turns out that there actually is a goddess in this island who is able to help flourish it, but it looks like the witch from freaking Suicide Squad. it turns out that back in the day, Malcolm and his two buds, we're the first to arrive on this island, and they actually encountered her, and seeing that she actually had these two feet alike powers for the island, they decided to lock her up and forced sacrifices on her in order to please their people. so there's a little bit of an irony there in getting on a boat to escape oppression, only to arrive in a place on it yours and oppress somebody else. I've always been more afraid of what people are capable of, as opposed to what like demons or all what sort of creatures are capable of. at this point, these two don't escape the curse of being co-pastor kids, and they knock each other up, which sucks. when the dad finds out my job, this man ain't pro anything, so he legit grabs a knife and literally carves out his grandchild, killing his daughter as well. so when Timmy chawla made junior takes out his dagger, he recalls that scene from the raid two, slashes his in-law, but doesn't cut him by his neck far enough to kill him. and quim blames the entire murder on the boy. now, Quinn, being one of the three oh geez who landed on the island, decides that he's tired of not being the leader that Malcolm is, and convinces the town to Crucible this boy, as we get a POV of his head getting squished along with these black Klansmen. so after recreating a kayne music video, dude drills this kid harder than Chicago, and that's when the third og arrives to see his son being killed. he sets off to go murder the goddess to end all of this madness. Thomas does his pimp moving dips, and then he does a backtracking dips, because I was stuck inside this warehouse with a creature from Silent Hill. this thing, I think, is supposed to be like some demigod that's a servant to the goddess, but since that'ss refuses to die terminus style, he hits this zombie from the Last of Us looking dude, and goes all beast mode as he grinds this creature, who conveniently is called the grinder. he meets the goddess, who looks like he'll on Musk. and after what I saw as her transferring her powers and memory to him, she just straight-up asked him to kill her so that she can be set free. and the whole island gets laid. now quit at this point, has gone full been season 5 of lost, right? he's locked up these chicks, saying that he's gonna cut them up. he wants to take over the entire island because he's angry. he was never leader. he's talking about how you can make up a religion in order to control people during a crisis. and all of these things that, of course, can't be facts. that I'm not saying that I don't disagree with this madness that can happen. it's just that he's sounding like a freakin six-year-old. so believe me when I say that seeing him go was one of the most satisfying movie deaths of the year, straight to division on this man's body. sadly, he did get some jabs in on Thomas, which, interestingly enough, kind of goes with the biblical story of Thomas. you know, he was one of your shoe his disciples who legit said that he would die with him. yet that's not what he went down knowing for in history. in fact, he's known as doubting Thomas by everybody, since he was the one disciple who didn't believe that he had been resurrected unless he himself touched the wounds on his side, which is where he was pierced. and in the movie, Thomas ends up feeling his own pierced side, and that's when he starts believing again. everyone escapes the island, including his sister, since he saved her. as he stays behind, bleeding out, becoming the new god of this island as he inherits her power. so he's practically the new Jacob from loss. now, this could be a prequel. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. are your thoughts on this movie? let me know down below. like I said before, y'all even watch this one. y'all gotta go watch both raid movies, because they're fantastic. but get to know your theories on this. and in terms of the ending, you know, and I say that he becomes the god of the island. you can see it in his eyes, literally turning into the same eyes that the god had his blood sprouting out, you know, the flowers. so it has the same power. I hope Malcolm don't do anything, since it seems like he's still alive and he's right there. but if you don't believe me, here's the quote from the director where he said that he saw it as him now becoming the new guardian of the island. I know it's a director's quote. some of y'all will Sicario me in the same way. but I'm curious to know your thoughts about this down below in the comment section. let me know whether you liked it, whether you did it. make sure you watch the raids. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and the smoke monster won't come after you 