welcome back to movia teller. today i'm gonna show you a 2015 supernatural horror film titled the witch. spoiler alert, plot will be revealed, so you may wanna go watch the movie first. the film starts with william, the patriarch of a puritan family, on trial. he dismisses those around him as false christians, and the others claim that he speaks ill of the word of god. william's family includes his wife, catherine, eldest daughter, thomason, son, caleb, twins mercy and jonas, and baby samuel. they recently moved off the plantation in england to a small farm. mercy and jonas frequently play with a large black goat that they named black philip. one afternoon, thomason is outside playing peek-a-boo with sam. she covers her face to scare him, but when she looks down, sam is gone. we cut to somewhere in the darkest part of the woods, where a wrinkled hand strokes sam's body, moments before the creature lowers a knife to his chest. we then see a haggard old woman pounding what appear to be sam's remains before consuming them. the woman then slowly walks out into the woods. catherine becomes distraught following sam's disappearance. the family believes that a wolf took the baby. caleb goes out to hunt with his father, but first he starts to notice thomason's breasts out in the woods. caleb becomes fearful that sam was taken because he lived in sin, making caleb worry that he is also leading a sinful life that will lead to his doom. william comforts his son, and they proceed to hunt. william aims his rifle at a rabbit, but the recoil from the shot gets him in the eye, and the rabbit runs away. the two return home to an angry catherine. thomason takes the blame for her father for the two of them going to hunt. thomason and caleb are by the river gathering water. mercy comes along and accuses thomason of being a witch, blaming her for sam's disappearance. thomason plays along with the accusation and starts to terrify mercy. thomason says she is a witch and that she will get mercy if she continues to bother her with a lack of growth on their crops beginning to turn problematic. thomason and caleb venture into the woods. the two are separated from each other. caleb disappears and comes across a small cottage. from the doorway emerges a beautiful woman. she lures caleb toward him, and she kisses him before grabbing his head with a haggard hand. thomason later finds caleb outside in the rain, naked and scarred. the family becomes worried that something evil is overtaking them. mercy and jonas continue to accuse thomason of being a witch, to the point where even catherine appears to believe it. later, catherine discusses with william that they should give thomason to another family, which she overhears. caleb is bedridden, and the family prays for him. after a while, caleb begins to write and speak some sort of prayer, while mercy and jonas also arrive on the ground, as if they were possessed. caleb speaks as though he accepts that he is about to meet god. and he starts to moan passionately before dying with a smile on his face. thomason runs outside to cry in despair. william starts to accuse her of evil doing that led to caleb's death. she angrily defends herself and states that perhaps it was mercy and jonas that made a demonic pact with black philip. william locks his three surviving children in the barn with the goats, until something happens inside the house. catherine tearfully confesses to william that she had an affair, from which samuel was born. in the barn, the kids see a pale nude figure drinking the blood of one of the goats. the creature, a witch, turns around and cackles at mercy and jonas, causing them to scream. meanwhile, catherine appears to find caleb sitting in a chair holding samuel. she approaches them and takes sam to breastfeed him. but in reality, it is just a crow picking at catherine's bosom while she laughs gleefully. in the morning, the goats have been sorted and mercy and jonas have vanished. thomason emerges from the barn and sees black philip charge at william, impelling him with one of his horns. william grabs a hatchet and seems ready to fight, but he then drops it, allowing black philip to charge at him again and knock him into a pile of logs that crushes him. catherine comes out and continues to accuse thomason, blaming her for the deaths of her family members. catherine starts to choke thomason, who continuously tells her mother that she loves her. thomason grabs a nearby blade and hacks at catherine's face until she is dead. thomason quietly walks into a barn and dons a cloak. she later encounters black philip and demands to speak to him. after a brief moment of silence, we hear the quiet voice of philip. he asks thomason what it is that she desires and tells her what he can promise to give her. philip appears to take human form and walks behind thomason, telling her to undress. she does, and she follows him into the woods while naked. in the middle of the woods is a coven of witches, all dancing nude around the fire. the witches then start to float in the air. thomason embraces the darkness and begins to float high above the trees herself. if you enjoyed this video. subscribe so you can watch more videos like this. see you in the next video. thanks for watching. 