viewer on the exciting movies channel. today i will tell you about the fourth, fifth and sixth episodes from the series the squid game. careful, there are spoilers ahead. fourth series, kihen suspects that his friend sanwoo deliberately kept silent about the fact that he guessed what the task would be in the last game. however, their team did not break up. they are still together. mino is now in team with dioxo and his bandits. for lunch, everyone was given a boiled egg and bottles of mineral water. this is not enough to get enough so mino persuades dioxa to join the queue again. they do so because of this, other players do not have enough food. a scuffle begins. dioxa kills another player and is not punished for it. moreover, each new death increases the prize pool by 100 million. the bandits see this as a chance. you can kill all the weaklings at night so that there are fewer rivals and more money. the man who received the hint before the last assignment turns out to be a doctor. he helps soldiers serving in the game, cuts organs from corpses and sends them for sale on the black market for this. he is given hints. the key hun team decides not to go to bed tonight so they don't get killed by dioxo's thugs. kihen calls the pickpocket cepek into his team, but she refuses and says that she does not trust anyone. soldiers warn the doctor that there will be a scuffle. the management of the game deliberately plays off the players. the doctor decides to join the strongest in order to avoid death. when the lights are turned off, the carnage begins. dioksu attacks sepek, but kian helps her. his whole team is defending the girl. diox and his thugs are not allowed to finish what they started. soldiers rush in and carry away the corpses. the doctor sews up diox's wound, and mino seduces him and takes from him a promise to work together. detective wong writes reports of what he saw into his phone. his neighbor sends him a message in morse code. the next day, kavan follows his neighbor everywhere in order to understand what he wanted from him before the new competition. players are forced to split into groups of ten. the doctor tells deox what awaits them, and the gangster decides to leave her because it takes a man's strength to win. kian has one of the weakest teams. she is joined by mino, rejected by dioxu and another girl who was found by cepek. players are forced to tug of war at high altitudes. the losing team falls down and crashes to death. dioxu and the rest of his group are the first to enter the competition. they win and go to the common room. kihan's team is competing second. they are already preparing to lose, but the old man tells them a good strategy to win. they almost manage not to fall down immediately. but the forces are unequal, and therefore the other team takes the initiative. then san woo suggests taking a chance, taking three steps forward, and when the opponents relax, pulling with all their might. not everyone was willing to take the risk, but there was no choice. they do as sanwoo ordered. fifth series, kihun's team is tug of war, but starts to lose. san woo suggests taking the risk of taking three steps forward and pulling with all his might when the opponents relax. no choice. the players do as sanwoo ordered and win. the second team falls down. the survivors gathered in the common room. kihan's team is bigger now. they understand that at night dioxu and his henchmen will attack again. and therefore the ki hun and the others are building barricades. dioxu tells kian that the barricades will not hold them back. then kehan asks him if dioksu is afraid of his new comrades, because they can unite and kill him since he is the strongest of them. dioxou pondered. he commands everyone said that at night they do not commit a pogrom. supposedly, they all need to rest. but kihun's team is still going to take turns on watch, staying on duty in pairs. at night, people from kihun's team rally even more. they tell each other about their past life and share their secret. the doctor is taken away to remove organs from new corpses. wang follows his neighbor to find out what he is hiding. the soldier takes him to an underground shelter where a doctor works. he says their group is selling organs and helping a doctor get tested. when the doctor finishes his work, huang and his neighbor go with the organs to the underground grotto to transport them to intermediaries. their juan finds out the details of the game and then kills the soldier. once we're a team. [Music], the doctor loses his temper when he finds out that the soldiers do not know the details of the next test. he kills one and escapes. when the second soldier catches up with him and asks to surrender, the soldier is killed by the game manager. then the doctor is also killed. wong climbs the stairs to which the masked soldier pointed. he goes to the game organizer's room. he fires a pistol to knock down the lock on the hatch leading to these rooms. the game master hears a shot. the steward goes down to the secret hideout and finds the corpses of the soldiers. he realizes that they were selling players organs behind his back and helping the doctor. also, the manager realizes that one of the traders is still alive, and he is somewhere on the island. players are woken up for the next competition. kehan sees that the old man, who could not remember his name, is really bad. he wet himself. wong searches the rooms and finds the archive files are stored in folders for participants in games that have been held for more than a dozen years. among the participants, he searches for his brother's name, but does not find it. then wong opens the list of winners of the games and sees the desired name among them. his brother was among the winners, and a case was opened against him too. sixth series, players were lined up in the common room before the start of the next competition. the old man from kihun's team wet himself. kihen, to hide his grandfather's shame, gave him his jacket. the participants were taken along the corridors to the next game. in the passages, they saw the corpses of soldiers selling organs and a doctor suspended from the ceiling. the steward has warned that this will be the case with anyone who breaks the rules. detective wong photographing documents from the archive on his phone. at this moment, the phone rings. the manager answers the call. then quan tries to call the police from the same phone. but he fails. he does not hang up the phone the way the manager did. players are led into a spacious, white-walled room and forced to pair up for the next competition due to the fact that the doctor dropped out. there were an odd number of participants. san woo chooses strong alley as a pair. cepek goes to the game with a new girl from their team. keehan gets the old man, and the girl is left alone. no one chose her. players are taken to the new pavilion, here is a lined up model of a typical suburban area of south korea. the participants are informed that each pair will compete with each other, and they will play with stones. they can choose any game. the player who has collected all 20 pieces of glass wins. most play the game, even odd that is, guess how many pieces of glass the opponent has in his fist. if guessing, they take as many balls as were in their own fist. ali never played this game, but san woo explained the rules to him, and ali started winning. he almost completely beat sanwoo. sepec, with a new acquaintance, decided not to play until the last they have half an hour to chat, and at the end, they will make one move, and the winner will take everything. the old man fell into insanity. he wanders around the set, thinking that this is his home area. and kehan tries to persuade him to start the game. finally, he succeeds, and they sit down to play. even odd san woo realizes that ali will beat him. he asks him to stop, persuades him to cheat so that they both become victors. he sends the guy to look for the weak points of other teams. for ali to believe. he gives him a bag of glass beads, but in fact, he put real stones there. when ali leaves, sang-woo steals ali's balls and shows them to the soldier. ali loses and dies. [Music]. the old man almost won kian, but began to get confused. kihen did not want to but he took advantage of it, because even less he wanted to die. by tricking, he almost won the old man. but he again fell into memories and left to wander around the scenery. when kihan found him, the old man admitted that he had been giving in on purpose. he remembered his name, oilman. then he gave his victory to kian. the old man was shot. sepek and her rival became friends. the girl realized that she did not want to stay in the game, and therefore gave zepek a chance to win. she deliberately lost and was shot. player 240 eliminated. played with one of his gang he too almost lost, but change the rules of the game and snatch the victory by surviving. that's all for today. subscribe and like if you want more of these videos. there was an exciting movies channel with you. see you later. [Music]. you 