Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an action, adventure, fantasy film called \xe2\x80\x9cEnder\xe2\x80\x99s Game.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Fifty years ago, an alien force known as the Formics attacked Earth, killing millions of people. They avoided destruction, however, with the sacrifice of Earth's greatest commander, Mazer Rackham. Since then, Earth has been preparing for the Formics to attack by training Earth's most brilliant children through war games. They are placed in an academy and trained in a program that focuses on their decision-making. One of them is a kid named Andrew Ender Wiggin. He is the youngest of three siblings and is the only one who is currently in the program. One day, Ender is playing against a random student and wins. The student is angry that he lost and wants to play again, but Ender refuses. Unbeknownst to them, Colonel Hyrum Graff, alongside Major Gwen Anderson, monitors the whole game, particularly Ender\xe2\x80\x99s perspective. Graff shows interest in Ender, thinking he has strong potential. Major Anderson thinks otherwise, telling Graff that Ender may not be a good leader. To determine this, they test Ender to see how he handles rejection. They tell Ender to head to the infirmary to remove his monitor, which means that he is off the program. Ender is confused but he couldn't do anything, so they remove his monitor. On the way out of the infirmary, the kid from earlier and his friends stop Ender and drag him to a nearby science lab. The kid, still frustrated from the loss, invites Ender to a fistfight one on one, now that his monitor was gone. Ender doesn't want to fight, but the kid prevents him from exiting, so Ender takes a blunt object, hits him in the face, and knocks the kid down by surprise. He then follows this up by kicking the kid repeatedly until the other kids tell him to stop. Ender is still on guard while the others are stunned. Ender then warns the kids not to mess with him. Colonel Graff and Major Gwen are still watching the whole fight, and Graff is impressed at Ender. Back home, Ender tells his older sister, Valentine, that he's off the program akin to his brother Peter, who Ender fears he might become like. Val tries comforting Ender by telling him otherwise. Peter shows up, frustrated at the news about Ender, and invites him to a fistfight in the form of a game. Peter ruthlessly pins Ender down, choking him, and voices out his frustration of supposedly being chosen for the program. He stops when Ender yields. Later that night, the family has dinner together, and Ender starts deprecating himself. The family, except Peter, comforts him. His father then tells Ender that the program was challenging, so he has nothing to be ashamed of. Suddenly, Colonel Graff and Major Anderson show up at their front door. They interrogate Ender about the fight and why he kept kicking the kid even though he was already down. Ender replies that strategically, knocking the kid down was the first fight, and repeatedly kicking him wins the next ones. Colonel then gets straight to the point and invites Ender again to the program due to how tactical he was about the fight. The parents do not like how the Colonel thinks about Ender's violence, so the Colonel demands he speak to Ender alone. Outside the house, the Colonel tells Ender that they need young people with brilliant minds like him to stop the Formics from attacking forever. He further tells Ender that he will be graduating to battle school to train. Ender acknowledges this as his destiny and leaves home. Ender, Graff, and Andersen arrive at the shuttle to take them to the battle school in outer space. There, Ender meets his classmates. He takes the seat at the back and meets Bean, and they make fun of each other's names. Shortly after, the shuttle launches for space, and some students can\xe2\x80\x99t handle zero gravity. Alai, one of the students, starts throwing up but not before Bean immediately hands him a bag. Colonel Graff then enters the room to check on everyone. He sees Ender smiling, so he asks him why. Ender, being smart, explains that the way the Colonel floats is funny. The Colonel once again praises him for his intelligence and tells the entire class that Ender is the smartest kid in the room, attracting their attention to him. However, this extra attention makes Ender feel uncomfortable. The shuttle arrives at Battle School, which is a massive spaceship. The students head over to their respective rooms. Ender then checks his closet and sees his suit and a type of gun. But before he could pull it out, Sergeant James Dap arrives. Dap debriefs them condescendingly and tells them to work as a team. In the class, Graff gives a speech to the students about their responsibility. He then shows them the infamous video of how Mazer Rackham sacrificed his life by crashing his jet into the Formic ship, destroying it and saving humanity. The class is inspired, but Ender feels something off about the video. The next day, Dap wakes the students and tells them to wear their battle suits and holster their weapons. The students then make their way to the Battle Room, where Draff is waiting for them. Draff tells the students that the battle room has zero gravity. He then opens the room and lets Ender enter first. Ender enters and starts floating inside, amazed about the zero gravity. The rest of the class then enters. Bean heads over to Ender, and they converse about controlling their movement in zero gravity. They then wonder what the weapon does, so Ender fires a test shot and proves it harmless. They then try shooting each other in the leg, which freezes their leg. Ender excitingly tells Bean to try shooting him in the chest resulting in his entire body freezing. Shortly after, Draff pulls all the students back near the gate. Draff tells them that they need to compete against other teams in the school. He then lets Dap explain the rules of the game. Dap tells them the scoring system but the ultimate win condition, regardless of the scores, is to let a teammate enter the enemy gate unfrozen. Ender writes an email to Valentine. He tells her his experience at battle school and how relentless their training is. They have been taught hand-to-hand combat, provoking Ender's thoughts about Peter. He then expresses that no one adequately talks about how Mazer Rackham actually defeated the Formics and still doesn't know how the Formics think. He also expresses that the Colonel expects him to be a good leader, but he doesn't know how to be one. Ender then ends the letter by asking why she doesn't write back and that he misses Valentine. Dap then enters the room, and with him, Graff. Graff tells them that they need to work hard and not think of each other as friends but as competition. Out of the blue, Ender asks Graff if the school blocks their emails. Graff confirms this and tells Ender that they don\xe2\x80\x99t need distractions from their families. Graff leaves, but Dap is infuriated with Ender's questions, so he shouts at him and makes him do push-ups. Dap tells Ender that he will never salute him, to which Ender replies that he definitely will soon. Dap makes him do more push-ups and makes his point clear. Dap then tells everyone to get some rest and leaves. The rest of the class smiles at Ender. While in bed, Ender stumbles upon a game programmed by the school. He plays as a rat who meets a troll that lets him choose from two goblets, one of which is poisoned. This wakes Alai, so he watches Ender play the game. Ender tries both goblets, which are both poisoned, so he attacks and kills the troll instead. Alai gets confused why, but Ender explains that the academy wants to train them to be violent. Meanwhile, Graff and Andersen watch him again, and upon clearing the game, they instantly promote him to a different team. But before he heads over, Alai wishes him well. Ender heads over to his new team, the green salamanders, who are known for being undefeated. There he meets Dink, who wonders why he's there, Petra, who welcomes him, and the rest. The captain, Bonzo, is disappointed in Ender at first sight. Bonzo tries to intimidate Ender and tells him that his role in the games is to be a sitting duck. Dink and Petra try to defend Ender, but Bonzo shuts them up and dismisses Ender. Later on, Petra invites Ender to practice with her, so they suit up and head over to the battle room. There, Petra teaches Ender how to aim and shoot properly, showing him how it's done and helping him with his posture. Ender learns pretty fast, and Petra commends him. The next day, Bonzo wakes his team, and they march over to the battle room. Bonzo tells his team the plan but excludes Ender, telling him to hang back by the gate and watch. The game starts, and Ender spectates from the gate. However, the Salamanders are losing, so Ender joins and intercepts Petra. The two of them devise a plan that would take the enemies off guard. Petra pushes Ender, and he plays dead until he grabs two guns and initiates a one-man attack, and thus winning them the game. At the cafeteria, one of the players insults Bonzo for holding Ender back. Later on, while Ender is training hand to hand with Petra, Bonzo interrupts them. He then punches Ender, threatening that he would kill him if he does anything to make him look stupid again. Later in bed, Ender continues playing the game, but something weird happens. The game goes on to show a desolate place and a creature that morphs into Valentine. Valentine then proceeds to lead him into a creepy mansion. There, the rat turns into Ender, and he sees Valentine locked inside a giant crystal ball. A serpent attacks Ender, but he violently kills it. Then all of a sudden, Peter shows up in the crystal ball, telling Ender that he has become a killer. This scares Ender, so he stops playing the game. It turns out that Colonel Graff was monitoring the game and is infuriated with what happened. Anderson tells him that she has no idea why that happened, so Graff tells her to erase the game. Later on, Graff calls for Ender to tell him that he is doing very well. Ender tells him that he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t like Bonzo, so Graff offers him to be the commander of a hidden team known as the Dragon Army. Dap then shows Ender to his new quarters and tells him that his new teammates have been notified. Ender, doubting his skill, asks Dap if he thinks they'll follow him. Dap doesn't say anything but smiles and salutes to Ender. Ender heads over to meet his team, who are students from different teams gathered together, namely: Dink, Bean, Alai, and others. Ender tells them to respect each other and declares that he intends to make them the best team. Meanwhile, Graff is being pressed by the International fleet to decide who graduates from battle school, so Graff tells his men to commence a sudden game. This alerts Ender, so he immediately wakes his team up, telling them that it's game time. Due to this being sudden, one of the members twists their ankle, unable to play, so Dink takes him to the infirmary while the rest promptly head over to the battle room. Ender feels that something is off, so he silently checks the room first. Suddenly, Dink arrives with Petra, joining Ender\xe2\x80\x99s team on Graff\xe2\x80\x99s orders as a substitute. They then immediately plan their attack. Ender deploys Dink as a meat shield to Petra, and with her accurate aim, they wipe out twelve players who were camping their gate. Ender then ties a rope on Bean and deploys him to scout the room for other players. Bean spots all twenty players hiding, having complete control of the area. They then fire at Bean, so Ender pulls Bean back at base, and Bean reports the situation. They then do a formation that takes both teams by surprise. They use their bodies to form a ship that protects Alai inside, and they focused on heading straight for the enemy gate, winning the game. While Ender is taking a shower, Bonzo, infuriated, enters and invites Ender to a fistfight one on one. Ender tries to talk it through, but Bonzo insists, so he starts running towards Ender. Ender then hits Bonzo with the hot water from the shower and tries to make a run for it. But Bonzo stops him. Ender parries Bonzo\xe2\x80\x99s punches and almost breaks his arm but just warns him to stop. Bonzo still tries to fight, but Ender kicks him hard and makes him tumble, lethally breaking his spinal cord. Ender panics and calls for help. Ender and Petra wait outside the infirmary while Bonzo is being treated. Anderson approaches Ender and tries sympathizing with him. But Graff stops Anderson and tells her and Petra to leave him alone with Ender. Ender asks if Bonzo is dying, but Graff tells him that they will send him back to Earth to recover. Ender insists that he goes with Bonzo, but Graff refuses to let him, so Ender tells Graff that he will no longer continue training. Later on, Anderson tells Graff that she will also resign, for she can no longer handle the way Graff pressures Ender. Back on Earth, Valentine is on her way home and sees Graff's car outside the house, so she hurries to meet Ender but only meets Graff and her mom. Graff asks Valentine to come with him to meet Ender alone. They arrive at a beach where Ender was, and Valentine immediately runs to him. Ender tells Valentine about Bonzo and expresses how he thinks and truly feels when he fights, which Valentine fully understands. Valentine then tells Ender that Graff wants him to go back, but Ender tells her that he won't cooperate. So Valentine makes Ender understand that he could be the next person who saves humanity and that if he doesn't try, they will all be lost. Ender finally understands and tells Valentine that he'll miss her. Graff and Ender go back to space once again. Ender tells Graff never to block his emails again. To Ender's surprise, they won't be going back to battle school, but instead, they head for the command base near the Formics' home planet, where he'll begin his final training. They arrive on a Formic planet where they once drove the Formics back to their home planet and established a base. Ender asks that if the Formic is contained in their home planet, why do they even go to war. Graff explains that similar to how he kicked the bully, they need to prevent future wars from happening. Sergeant Dap then shows Ender to his room, and he goes to sleep. Ender hears a very familiar noise and wakes up, then looks around the window to see a very familiar structure. He then looks away and sees an old man with tattoos on his face waiting beside his bed. Ender is surprised and asks who he is. The man ruthlessly tests Ender for a bit, telling him to be more discerning with his enemies. The man then introduces himself to be the one and only Mazer Rackham, which leaves Ender surprised. Ender tells Mazer his concerns about the video when he sacrificed his life, asking why it's incomplete. Mazer shows Ender the complete video, how he used the emergency parachute to escape right before he crashed. The video then shows that after he blew up the ship, every other Formic died. Mazer then explains that the Formics have a queen, and when the queen dies, so will the rest. And that's how he wiped out the entire fleet. Ender asks Mazer if they have seen a queen, to which he responds that no one has ever seen one. Mazer then takes Ender to meet his teammates Bean, Petra, Alai, Dink, who are happy to see him. Mazer immediately debriefs them of the situation on the Formics' home planet. It turns out that the Formics are suffering from overpopulation and are already unable to sustain themselves. Despite that, their armies grow at an intensely fast pace. The Formics plan to colonize more planets, and their mission is to defeat them before it's too late. The training will consist of photo-real simulations of battles in which Ender will command the overall strategy while his team commands battle groups. They must also protect his most important asset, a ship known as the "Little Doctor," fully weaponized to cause a chain reaction of disintegration, which will wipe out an entire swarm with one shot. Ender and his team begin training with the simulations. But each simulation becomes more and more complex and accurate. They are pressured to win day after day for months and start losing sleep. In one simulation, Ender tries micro-managing everything, and they get swarmed, failing the simulation. Mazer gets angry at Ender, telling him that they can't keep losing at an unforgiving war. Mazer then tells Ender that he has trained failures in the past, but Ender will be the last. Graff tells him that there's no more time, so Ender's final simulation will have to be tomorrow. That night, Ender wonders how the Formics think. He speaks with Petra and shares his thoughts, curious about communication with the formics. Petra tells him it's impossible and insists that they sleep for the final simulation. Ender agrees, and they bid each other goodnight. The next day comes, and Ender heads over to the battle room to meet his teammates. There, the superiors will be spectating their simulation. Graff tells him that they will promote him to battle commander if they are victorious in the final simulation. Mazer tells them that the final simulation will be staged at the Formic home planet and wishes them good luck. Ender and his team begin the simulation. Immediately, they see a fleet of Formic ships waiting for them. Ender tells Petra to fire the Little Doctor immediately. He then commands Alai to engage, causing the Formic fleet to start swarming. Petra then fires at the center and wipes out the entire fleet. But this prompts the Formics to send their entire army, a massive fleet from the planet, to attack them. Petra needs minutes to recharge, so Ender commands all drones to gather around the Little Doctor, forming a shield. Ender abandons the entire rest of the fleet and tells Petra to head straight for the planet. They are heavily overwhelmed by the swarm and are entering the atmosphere burning the shield faster with the heat. Petra still doesn't have a clear shot, so Ender commands Bean's drones to clear up the front for a shot. They are now running out of time until amidst the heat of the battle, the Little Doctor finished recharging, and Petra shoots the planet, destroying every living creature in it. They then celebrate their success until Graff shows them the planet again and tells Ender that they already won the war and that the simulation was real all along. Ender committed genocide and destroyed the entire Formic fleet. Ender cannot grasp the terror of what he did and walks out of the room in disgust. Graff tries to approach him, but Ender yells at telling him that they could've been more reasonable. Graff argues that all that matters is that they won, and Ender will be remembered as a hero. But Ender angrily refutes Graff, telling him that he will bear the shame of the genocide forever and that the way they win is what matters. Ender walks away, but they sedate him and take him to his room. Petra stays with Ender so that he may not feel alone. While asleep, Ender dreams about the game and everything he ever thought about the Formics until he came to a conclusion. He immediately wakes up and runs towards the exit of the base, and Petra chases him. Petra takes an oxygen bag and gives one to Ender outside. Ender explains that the familiar structure was from the game. It turns out that the Formics were able to access the game to try and communicate to Ender. Petra tells Ender to stop, but he convinces her that he has to go. So she let Ender make his way for the structure. Ender finds himself in a Formic hive, and deep inside, he sees a living egg. And guarding the egg was the queen, the last of the Formics, the creature from the game. The queen surprisingly understands Ender's sentiments and wipes his tears. Ender understands that the queen is dying and that all she wants to do now is prevent their extinction. Ender promises the queen that he will find a new home for the egg and preserve them. Ender writes to Valentine one last time, telling her everything that had happened and what he will do to make amends. He tells her that he misses her so much, but he won't be back for a while. The superiors awarded Ender the rank of admiral, letting him do what he wants. Ender uses this opportunity to take a ship and his precious cargo with him. Ender must now travel the universe in search of a new home for the Formics and carry out his promise. 