welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about a silent voice. japanese high school student shoi ishida, intends to commit suicide, changing his mind at the last minute, he recalls his days in elementary school and the events that have led him here. a new student named shoko nishimiya informs the class that she is deaf. she tries to integrate with the class, but ends up annoying shoya and his friends. so they start to bully her. when word of the bullying reaches the principle, shoya is singled out as the culprit by his teacher. soon the class's bullying is directed toward him. shoya blames shoko, and the two get into a physical altercation. she is subsequently transferred to another school. he later finds shoko's notebook, which she left behind, and keeps it in middle school. shoya's reputation of being shoko's bully led him to become an outcast. now in high school, he has fallen into a depression. he blocks out the faces of those around him, unable to look them in the eye. tomohiro nagatsuka, another loner, befriends shoya after shoya helps him with a bully. shoya visits the sign language center and returns shoko's notebook in the hopes of making amends, revealing that he has learned sign language. the two begin meeting at a bridge to feed bread to koi fish. one day, shoya and shoko accidentally drop shoko's notebook into a river, and they jump in to retrieve it, which is prohibited. yusuru, shoko's younger sister, takes a photo of shoya jumping in and posts it online to get revenge on him, eventually leading to shoya being suspended. shoya finds yuzuru, who ran away from home, and brings her to stay at his house. when she leaves in the middle of the night, shoya follows and they make amends. shoya and shoko reunite with miyoko sahara, a classmate from elementary school who was friendly to shoko. shoko gives choi a gift and confesses her feelings for him. but because she tries to speak her affections rather than signing them out, shoya mishears her. shoya invites shoko to an amusement park with tomohiro, miyoko miki kawai, another classmate from elementary school, and satoshi mishiba, mickey's friend. there they meet another classmate from elementary school, naokawano, who drags shoko into a ferris wheel. naoka voices her feelings of hatred for shoko, blaming her for creating a rift between her and shoya, whom she is infatuated with. yuzuru, who had been secretly recording the encounter, shows the video of this to shoya, desperate to remain blameless for her part in bullying shoko. following the leak, mickey exposes shoya's past to the students who were oblivious to it. later, she attempts to apologize to the group, but shoya blows everyone off. after naoka remains dismissive. shoya learns shoko and yusuru's grandmother has died recently. to cheer them up, shoya takes them to the countryside and sees that shoko blames herself for everything that has happened to him. shoya decides to devote his entire social life to the sisters. during a fireworks festival, shoko goes home under the guise of finishing homework. shoya follows when yusuru asks him to get her camera. when he arrives, he finds shoko standing on the balcony about to commit suicide. shoya succeeds in grabbing her and pulls her back up, but falls into the river below. he is rescued by his best friends in elementary school, but slips into a coma, hoping to help shoya. shoko meets with each of the group members to explain her and shoya's situations. one night, shoko dreams about receiving a farewell visit from shoya. horrified, she runs to the bridge and collapses in tears. shoya, awakening from his coma, stumbles to the bridge and finds her there. he apologizes for the way he treated her, asking her to stop blaming herself, and admits that while he once considered ending his own life, he has since decided against it. [Music]. shoya then asks her to help him continue to live. when shoya goes to the school festival with shoko, he finds out how much his new friends still care for him, and they reconcile. during the festival, shoya is finally able to look at other people's faces again. he looks around at his family and all the new friends he has made, and cries. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 