listen, Claire Foy has been putting in the work this year, almost trying to reach that Alicia vikander level. and she decided to hop on as a lead to her first big franchise. and I remember seeing the original ones that were a part of the Swedish trilogy, right? it was based off of a trilogy of books. I thought those were good, but that David Fincher came in and remade it in English, he made it extra dark. he got some Oscar buzz from Rooney Mara, who was really looking forward to the sequel. I'm doing it, and unless someone tells me that I'm not, and then I still might do it. she did it. even though they completely swapped out the cast and switch directors. Sony still really wanted people to know that. it was a secretive Fincher's to the point that the official title for the movie is the girl in the spider's web, a new Dragon Tattoo story. Nouriel Star Wars, this one's got the director of don't breathe. so I at least was excited for it, since I like fed his direction. but it ends up being more on the rented side, in my opinion. and I feel depending on how much you liked her hated red Sparrow, it'll determine how you feel about this one. let me explain. so originally this was a trilogy of Swedish books written by Stig Larson, who said he was inspired by his friend named Lisbeth, who didn't give him any writing notes or anything like that. right now, she was gang-raped in front of him by three men while he stood around into nothing. and then he was surprised she didn't grant him forgiveness does. he decided to write three books around a character named Lisbeth, who also was a rape survivor. but she goes out and practically becomes Batman, beating the crap out of bad guys as she hacks by night. in fact, when you look at the original title, it's literal translation is, men who hate women. but I guess Americans saw it and when hey, she's got a Dragon Tattoo. let's call it that. Larsson ended up dying, you know, for so he didn't even get to see his books become so popular, or get adapted, or live to stop them from continuing the franchise without him, cuz two more books were made in the series that even the life of Larson called straight trash and claimed that they were just making them for money. and I kind of agree with her. and the movie version of the fourth novel, we see Lisbeth as a kid playing chess with a twin sister when her dad calls them in to play something else. clearly, this isn't the safest environment, so Lisbeth decides to jump out the window, pulls a Katniss as she tumbles down, and somehow survives long enough to get her own franchise. we're supposed to believe that the events of interest story still happened, and everyone just got plastic surgery. so when a computer scientist named Franz starts feeling threatened, he calls up our girl for help. turns out his kid, August, gets a rush out of numbers and is able to solve these crazy equations that unlock his dad's access codes. but since Lisbeth knows nothing about missile encryption systems, she seeks out to get her info, like the rest of us watching youtube videos. now I'm not saying that I know much about the subject, but there's every movie involving hacking. really think that it's just people bagging on a keyboard. all of a sudden they're in. they just press random keys, like they're playing smash broz, and all of a sudden they're able to stop bombs. they don't even look down at the keyboard. they're just hitting things. don't be on a touchscreen phone, and you're still hearing the clacking of the keys. oh no, but she did hack the hell out of the Keith. this dude works for the NSA, and still got snooped on before he was able to yell, get out. like, if there's one person I feel bad for in this movie, it's this guy. man's roaming all around the world trying to find Lisbeth before he gets fired for losing the missile plans they legit. waste time pranking him with fake phones in the movie. that did absolutely nothing for the plot. and in the one action scene that they give him in he's like four football fields away. now me cay\xc3\xb3, who goes from bond to this guy, is a journalist whose publication is getting bought out. he's trying to help Lisbeth by searching up people with spider tattoos and stay with the ones who came in and also stole the plans from her. but as he goes into the spider-verse, he realizes that the people behind it is actually her sister, [Music], who in the books, actually goes by thanos. but, yeah, you know, they had to disintegrate that real fast. her henchmen end up finding the scientist and killing him. they kidnapped the kid and leave Lizbeth drugged up so that she can take the blame. but then this girl snorts up some infant and Fetty, pulls up her sony gopro and enhances it, no way you can enhance it, and it's somehow able to pull a watchdogs. as she tracks and hacks into their car, knocking him out with their own airbags, lifts the lever like Kronk to get the bad guy stuck on the bridge, and then sees her sister, [Music], dressed up like red sparrow, they say, at an abandoned Epcot, where mikail shows up. and they partner with Needham in order to take down the spider society. and their plan is pretty much to let the kid get kidnapped so they can track down where their headquarters are with this GPS chess piece that they're giving them. they then pull that thing Morgan Freeman did in the Dark Knight where they get a sonar of the whole place. Elizabeth can sneak in. she finds gel for her hair, apparently. and right before she's able to take them down, she gets caught. and we find out that even the sweetest secrets, of Swedish secrets come on. Swedish Secret Service is scheming with spiders secretly, because they'd rather have the bad guys have the weapons than America. obviously. you should never trust a spider-man. and they turn on the service and kill them. they stuff Lisbeth in this honey can do vacuum pack as it gets under her skin, and then meet him, decides to use a sonar thing to snipe her from the outside. he guns him down one by one. this dude pops his knee out, just like they did in red Sparrow. and they're able to rescue the kid as the pet guys get into a five-star collision, leading to the final boss fight on this cliff. that's really just a confession, and was included in the trail system. the sisters didn't have a one-on-one. because Camilla isn't mad that her sister left her, you know, she's not mad that she was the one who grew up getting abused by their father, the one who had to become an evil villain. now she's upset that her sister had five books saving everybody else in the world, except her. and since she didn't get to jump at the beginning with her sister, she decides to jump now. except she did. Lizbeth hit control-alt-delete, so no one has the missile plans at all. Needham somehow doesn't get fired. the kid goes back to his mom and learns to play 21. and Myka writes his article, titled the girl in the spider's web, before deleting it to keep it all a secret, just like this movie should have done. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. i guess i'd it to me, it's like red sparrow. it's one of those movies where even daniel craig, who loves doing sequels, didn't come back to do this one. but I think you know the themes of family. I guess you can say her in there. I think the whole behind-the-scenes dealing with the author's is way more interesting. I don't know if this was going to continue, but definite. let me know your thoughts down below. I had overlord in IMAX, playing above us during this entire movie. I'm not one to mention, like the barn scenes, what I do with my movie watching. but I'm mentioning that because overlord was so loud it was in IMAX. and I'm bringing it up because, in case you watched this video and you didn't watch my Overlord one, I highly recommend that movie. go watch it. I mean, I rethought about this one, or any other ones down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you this thing that it's a supposed to catch spider somehow 