today, i am going to explain the movie called i saw the devil from 2010. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. and i hope you enjoyed. at the beginning of the movie, we saw a car in a very quiet road. and then the car stopped beside the road because one of the tires was punctured. there was a girl in the car, and she was taking to her finance on the phone. her finances. name was kim soo. while she was taking to her finance, a school van came here. a guy came out from the van and asked her what's wrong. the girl told him her car tire was punctured, but i have already called the tow truck and they will be here in no time. the guy said, it's showing heavily, and that's why they will need some time to come here. so let me check it. on the other side of the phone, kim su said, you told him you have already called the tow truck, but still, the guy wants to help you. i think there's something wrong. she talked to him for a while and then cut the call. and then we saw the man told her, your tyre is totally destroyed. the girl told him from inside the car, thank you so much for your help, but the tow truck will be here in no time. and the guy was looking at her so creepily. and then he went to his van. but he didn't start his van for very long. and he stayed in his van for quite a while. the girl inside the car realized that something was wrong and doubted him. but before she could start her car, the man came to her car once again and broke the glass and got inside her car. he also injured her, and then he took her with him. when the girl woke up, she discovered herself in another place. the man took her as a hostage. she realized he was about to kill her. she told him, i'm pregnant and i have a baby inside my belly. but still, he didn't show any mercy to her and killed her so brutally. some days later, the police found pieces of her dead body. actually, her father was a detective for the past 30 years, and he became very sad about it. even through he was working as a detective for 30 years, he still could not save his daughter's life. then he said to kim soo, forgive me. i couldn't save her. kim so was her finance and loved her very much. kimsu was very depressed and broken after his wife died. he had tears in his eyes, but he didn't let anyone notice his tears. he was very calm, and it was like the calm before the storm. he takes two weeks of vacation from this job, actually. kim su was an agent of the national intelligence agency. and one of his colleagues came to meet him. then he gave him a capsule and told him, whoever has his capsule with them, you can see their exact location on your phone, and you can also hear everything around them. but if someone gets to know about it, then both of us will be in huge trouble. kim su said, don't worry, nothing's going to happen. and then kimsu left. kim so went to his father-in-law to talk about his murdered finance, hang joo yoon. then her father, who was a detective, told him that we have already arrested four people for this kind of case. then he gave him their photos and detail schemes. who left with the details and photos, then he tortured two of them. so brutally. but then he realized that none of them were the killer. then he went to third suspect's house, and he had already left his house. and his kids, his parents don't know where he is. when kim soo was leaving the house, he saw the son of that third suspect, and his son was suspicious as well. then he asked him, do you know where your father is right now? he told him his location. kim su went to that place where the suspect lives. when he was searching his whole room, he found a lot of girl stuff in his dryers. then he searched the whole house and found the ring in the drain. this was the ring which kimsu gave to his finance. kim so got so emotional to see his ring and realized it was the house of murderer who killed his finance. on the other side, we saw zhang kyung chul, the psycho killer who killed his finance. he was going somewhere with girl in his bus. in the bus there was a girl, and jong kyung chul was creepily looking at her. he has already killed another girl. and at night we saw that one girl was missing from the school bus. and jong kyung, the psycho killer, had kidnapped this girl. he took her to his house. while young was sexually assaulting her, someone called his name from the back, and young stopped. then he went outside and turned the lights on. then he saw that kim su was standing in front of him. young asked him, are you alone? kim soo didn't answer him. young told him, maybe you are a police officer. i am surprised that the police found me so early, but you don't have any idea about who i am. and then young started running toward kimsu. and he had a knife in his hand. but before he could attack him, so he got saved from his knife. and then beat him so badly. even though young attacked him too many times, kim was so trained, he beat him so badly and then wrapped his face with plastic. as a result, he started choking. but kim soo didn't let him go. but when young was about to die, he let him go. then kim so found a big rock in front of him, and he was about to kill him with that rock, but he didn't. and then kim soo put that capsule in young's mouth, so that he can track and listen to everything of young. but young didn't notice it because he was unconscious. and just like that, kim su saved a girl's life. then young woke up. he found an envelope in his hand. inside that envelope there was a lot of money. he laughed at the money and said, this police officer was a psycho. and then he left. while walking on the road, he found a taxi and asked for a lift. there were two other main inside the taxi. on the other side, kim soo was watching his location, because he can see every action of yang in his phone, what he is doing, what he is talking about. kim su can track all of this, and kim so also started to follow him. the other two men who were in the taxi, young killed them, and then he opened the trunk. then he saw that there was already a dead body inside the trunk, which means these two were also criminals like him. they were driving through the highway to through someone's dead body. after killing him, young left these three bodies on the road and left with a car. young was injured, so he went to a doctor. then he saw a nurse there. and he was so too har when the nurse went into an isolated room. young was already there. then he closed to the door from inside. and the nurse got so scared. he told her, last night, i was about to have fun with a girl, but a guy came there and destroyed all of my plans. and now i don't want to lose my chance to have fun with you. the nurse requested him to let her go. but young was a psycho, so he does not care about anything or anyone. he has no mercy. he is an animal in a human body. but before he could sexually abuse her, kimsu came there. and then kimsu hit his head from the back with a cylinder. and then he beat young so badly, when young was like half dead, the nurse was trying to get away from him, but kimsu told her to stay. she needs to treat him and bandage his owns. then he said to young, this is the just beginning. it won't stop soon, and this will cost you so much. and then kim soo cuts one of his legs so badly that his soul also got scared of it. he was screaming so loudly in pain. in the next scene, we saw young was getting out of his car by dragging his body. his leg was injured so badly, and his hand was also broken. he cannot walk properly. and he doesn't know why kim su is doing this to him. and he was so confused about how he always gets his exact location. he thinks he has some transmitter device in his body. he checked his shoe and his whole car, but he found nothing. and then he starts driving on the highway. now he wants to change his car, because he thinks there's something in the car that was giving kimsu his exact location. he stopped another car, but it was the army's car, so he didn't do anything. in the next scene, we saw that kim su gets a call from his father-in-law and told him, now you should stop following yang. you have punished him enough. now the police will punish him. but kim su doesn't want to stop. he wants to hurt him so badly like he hurt his fiancee and others. on the other side, we saw the young was in a room with two of his friends. one of them was a girl and the other was a boy. and they were so psycho like young young told them his story how a man was torturing him and leaving him as well. young's friend said, he is hunting you. he must be one of someone's family members whom you killed. and then young goes to a room and starts thinking about who is this man is. then he remembered that kim soo had a ring on his finger. he also remembered whose ring it was. now young understood why he was being tortured so much. on the other side, we saw that young's friend died. the owner of that house they were staying in, he look that girl to the kitchen, and before he could kill her, kimsu comes their. young's friend got so worried and asked him, how did you came inside without making any noise? and then kim soo beat out of him, and then young also came there. all of them started fighting, but kimsu beat them so badly that they were almost dead. and they were so injured that he could never kill anyone in the future. and then he again beat out of young. and young was screaming loudly in pain. the next morning, we saw that the police came into the house and arrested all of them. all of them were injured. so badly. that's why they took them to the hospital. kim so was also injured a bit. then his friend came there to meet him. he asked him, why don't you just hand over this man to the police? kim su said, no, not now. i will not leave him until i get my revenge on him for his crime. then his friend told him, the capsule will keep working until he gets constipated. kimsu told him to stay quiet because young so beside him. kim soo went to him and pulled the cover from his face. yang was totally unconscious. but actually, young was not unconscious at all. he was just acting like he was unconscious. and he heard everything. he realized that he had a transmitter in his body, and that's how kim su was getting his exact location every time. and then kimsu left young in a very quiet place so that he could try to commit another crime and he can teach him a lesson once again. but now young knows everything. he knows who kim su was, he knows why he was taking device on him, and he also knows that he has a transmitter in his body. and he can still listen to him then say to him, i know you can hear me, i have never played any game like this in my whole life. now it will be more fun. i know you are taking revenge on me because of the girl. and i know the location of her house too. now you will regret your whole life because you didn't kill me when you had the chance. i forgot to tell you one thing. when i was killing your fiance, she told me she was pregnant. maybe you didn't know this. kim soo actually didn't know about it. yang told him, she begged me to spare her life, but i didn't spare her. you should have been with her to save her. and then young went to chemist and brought some medicine for loose motion. then he took out the capsule from his body. he put the capsule in someone else's body. before kimsu went there, young had run away from there. now young doesn't know anything about where he is and what he is doing. then kimsu went to his psycho friend and asked him where young was. he told him, you don't understand young. he will give you back the pain you gave him, which means now he will kill the whole family of your fiance. once he kills them all, then you will have no regret if you catch him. then kim soo left the hospital. and then kim su's colleagues received a call from young. he told him that young called him on the wireless and told him he had some unfinished business, and after he finished it, he will surrender to the police. kimsu asked for young's location, but when he told him his location came so god so worried, because it was the location where his fiance's family lives. and now kim soo knows that young want to kill his fiance's family. and young's friends, who is also a psycho like him, told kim soo that young gets much happier when he hurts someone so badly. which means if young can find her family, then he will kill them very slowly and painfully. and that's why kim su wants to get there before young. but kim soo couldn't get there before young then went to his fiance's house and injured his fiance's father so badly, he also killed fiance's sister and left. kim su came there and saw all of this. kimsu get so sad. he realized his mistake. if he had killed him earlier, then he wouldn't have to see this. on the other hand, young wants to surrender himself to the police. so he called the police and said that i want to surrender, and then give them a location. young wants to surrender to the police so that kimsu cannot have revenge on him. so he will keep regretting it his whole life. and in this game, young will be the actual winner. then young went to the police where the police were waiting for him. before the police could get him, kim su came there and took him in his car and left. then kimsu took him to that house where he killed his fiancee. he tied him to the exact same place where he killed all the girls. kim su tortured him so badly. young asked him to kill him. he said, why are you not killing me? but kim su said, i don't want to end this game so easily. if i wanted to kill you, then i could have killed you earlier. i will kill you when you feel the most pain of your life, when you will have fear in your eyes. that will be my revenge. young says, leave me, please. don't kill me. you have already punished me so much. but then kimsu told him, you must have heard this line so many times from others, and now feel this pain. kim so asked him, are you afraid? but then young started laughing and said, i don't have any fear or feeling of pain inside me. you know this, you have lost everything. kimsu said, i want to feel pain even after you die. and then kimsu closed the door and put a rope on his mouth. actually, where he was tied, he had a blade above him. and if someone pulled the rope from his mouth, then the blade would fall on his neck and cut it off. and then other end of this rope was tied to the door, which means if someone opens the door, the blade will fall on his neck and cut it off. kim soo set everything up and left. when he got outside, he saw a taxi behind him. young's parents and his son were in that taxi. young was saying, i will stay alive and you cannot kill me. i am not scared of anyone. already, kim su placed that capsule in his body, and that's how he could hear everything that young says. and then young saw that his family was standing outside. they saw him, and they wanted to go inside to save him. young wanted to tell them not to come inside, but if he lets go of the rope from his mouth, then the blade above his neck will fall on his neck. young's family want to save him, but they didn't know that if they opened the door, the rope would get pulled and the blade would fall on his neck. this was the moment where young had the fear of death in his eye. he has caused his pain and fear to so many people, and now he is in that situation. he wants to shout so loudly and say, don't open the door, but he cannot talk. but when his parents were opening the door from the outside, then slowly, the rope started to loosen from his mouth. and when they opened the door, the blade fell on his neck. and that's how young died. kim su was listening to all of his pain and fear with his headphones. as he died, kimsu also started crying. he had his revenge on young, but he has lost everything. the title of this movie is, i saw the devil. many innocent girls saw young like a devil in their eyes. and young also saw king see us as the devil. that was the story of the movie. to watch more explanation for this kind of movies, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's video in the comment down below. you 