welcome back to movietella. first of all, thank you for your continued support. your support is the reason i keep making movie recap videos like this. by the way, spoiler alert, movie plot and twists will be revealed, so you may want to go watch the movie first. this time i'm going to treat you to a 2002 science fiction action film called equilibrium. libria, a totalitarian city-state established by survivors of world war iii, blames human emotion as the cause for the war. any activity or object that stimulates emotion is strictly forbidden. those in violation are labeled sense offenders and sentenced to death. the population is forced to take a daily injection of prosium 2 to suppress emotion. libria is governed by the tetragrammaton council, led by father, who communicates propaganda through giant video screens throughout the city. at the pinnacle of law enforcement are the gramatin clerics, trained in the martial art of gun cada clerics frequently raid homes to search for and destroy illegal materials, art, literature and music, executing violators on the spot. a resistance movement known as the underground emerges to topple father and the tetragrammaton council. the flag of libria. the four terra seconds on the flag represent the tetragrammaton council. in 2072, john preston is a high-ranking cleric whose wife, viviana, was executed as a sense offender, leaving him as a single parent of two. following a raid, preston notices his partner, errol partridge, saves a book of poems by w.b yates. instead of turning it in for incineration, he follows partridge to the nether, a term for regions outside the city, and finds him reading the book. after seeing preston, partridge claims he gladly pays the heavy price of feeling emotion, preston executes him. as partridge slowly reaches for his gun, preston accidentally breaks a daily vial of prosium and is unable to replace it before going on the next raid. brief episodes of emotion said in evoking memories, stirring feelings and making him more aware of his surroundings, he intentionally skips additional doses of prosium, hiding them behind the mirror in his bathroom. partridge is replaced with an ambitious, career-conscious brand who expresses admiration for prestons in compromising work as a cleric. on a raid, they arrest sense offender, mary o'brien. to branch surprise, preston prevents him from executing o'brien, saying she should be kept alive for interrogation. brandt grows suspicious of preston's hesitation. preston begins to feel remorse for killing partridge and develops an emotional relationship with o'brien. he uncovers clues that lead to meeting jurgen, leader of the underground. jurgen is planning to disrupt prozium production to spark a populist uprising, and convinces preston that father must be assassinated. vice counsel dupont meets with preston to reveal that there is a traitor in the upper ranks of the clerics. although dupont appears to know it as preston, he assigns him the task of unmasking the traitor. relieved, preston accepts and promises to locate the underground's leadership. meanwhile, o'brien is set to be executed. and jurgen advises against interfering, believing it could sabotage plans for the revolution. unable to bear her death, preston attempts to stop the execution and fails. he has an emotional breakdown and is arrested by brant, who brings him before dupont. preston tricks dupont into believing that brant is the traitor. following brant's arrest, preston is told that his home will be searched as a formality. he rushes home to destroy the hidden vials, only to discover his son, who stopped taking prosium after his mother died, already has jurgen tells preston to capture the leaders of the resistance to regain government trust, hoping it will get pressed and close enough to assassinate father. preston has granted an exclusive audience with father, only to discover that brant was not arrested. it was part of a ruse to expose preston in the underground. dupont reveals he is father, having secretly replaced the original father who died, and that he doesn't take prosium to suppress emotion. he taunts preston, asking how it felt to betray the underground. enraged, preston fights his way through an army of bodyguards to dupont's office, confronting and killing brant in a katana battle. dupont and preston engage in a gun cater showdown. preston wins, as dupont pleads for his life, asking, is it really worth the price paying homage to partridge's last words? he responds, i pay it gladly and kills dupont. he destroys the command center that broadcasts father propaganda. preston watches with satisfaction from above as the underground destroys prosium manufacturing plants, signaling the beginning of the revolution. if you enjoyed this video, please like and subscribe. it helps a great deal. thanks for watching. 