[Music], transformers are back with one of the biggest movies of the Christmas holidays. the bumblebee film has some nice plot progression for the universe. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers, so if you're yet to see the movie, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. there's a lot in there for fans of the franchise, for everyone else, and definition. and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. we open on the war for Cybertron, with the Autobots facing off against the Decepticons. is much brighter approach to the character design immediately had me. and I loved seeing Soundwave in his actual 80s look. during the conflict, Optimus Prime decides that the Autobots must leave the planet to find refuge from the wall. Optimus stays behind and tasks b12 seven, aka bumblebee, with heading to earth to find solitude, stating that they will all reunite soon. we then join agent burns, played by John Cena, who witnesses bumblebee crash-land on the planet during a training exercise that images many offices burns comes face to face with one will be, who was then ambushed by blitz wing, disguised as a jet. blitz wing and the rest of the Decepticons are trying to find out whether your buttery grouping. and he battles it out with the character and rips out bumblebees voice box in an awesome exchange. the counter attacks this by pulling some missiles from blitzwing's armor, which blows him up. however, bee is heavily damaged in the process and falls down a mountain, thus losing his memory core and had the key functions. he winds up near some people and turns himself into a course who can shut down and hide in safety. we are then introduced to Charlie, who's a typical eighties tomboy. due to her father passing away, she feels alienated from her family. Charlie spends most of her spare time working on the car here in a dad owned before his heart attack. and this keeps her mind occupied. she works out her Uncle Frank's scrapyard, which is where she discovers the yellow bo that bumblebee is currently disguised as. after turning the car on emits a signal which goes into space. we travel interstellar to see that the Decepticons have cornered Cliffjumper, as he refuses to talk, they and then pick upon be signal, which leads their day. we returned to Charlie telling her mum that she really wants a car for a birthday, which just so happens to be the next day. the mother states that she can't afford it, and this causes Charlie to go to Frank's whether to make a deal that if Charlie can fix the beetle, she can keep it. be is so dirty, he actually has one under his bonnet, to excuse the pun. but Charlie doesn't care and begins working on him. shatter and dropkick, land on earth and meet with burns in the Army. as Burns is still burnt, excuse the punch, from the first encounter, he's very distrusting. the decepticons convinced him that they are tracking criminals from their home, and are given access to telephones, satellites and more. we cut back to Charlie working on B in her garage, where she discovers his true nature. Charlie names him bumblebee, but not because of the bees under his bonnet, or even his colour, but because of the buzzing type of noise that he makes when he can't talk due to his voice box missing. charlie fixes his voice using radio, similar to the first film, be slowly adjust to earth. as Charlie begins dating a boy she has a crush on. be left alone, accidentally trashes the house and triggers an Energon charge that alerts the decepticon scanners, and both Decepticons track down the source. by this point, the Decepticon septic aliy made the internet for Humanity and was agent burns, doesn't agree with their actions. he realizes that he may finally be able to get revenge on bumblebee. with their help, he in the army track beat down and stopped Charlie, her boy and B with a roadblock. Charlie insists that B doesn't fight back to show that he isn't dangerous. but the army take him down with high-voltage guns, which electrifies Charlie. when she attempts to save him, she is knocked out by the charge and wakes up in a trashed house to a very confused mother, Charlie explains that since losing her father, she's been very lonely. but her mother is enraged by this and screams that she doesn't get to make a replacement for a father just because he's gone. it's a really touching moment that shows just how damaged both her and a mother are by the loss, and it's something that will definitely stick with viewers. eventually, her mother does the right thing and creates a diversion between Charlie and the army, which allows the girl to go on skooby, a friend, Charlie discovers be being tortured by the Decepticons, and they find the message from Optimus, which reveals that they are meeting on earth. the Decepticons rushed to a radio tower to signal that kind to come to earth and wipe out the planet. they kill B and the scientist who overhears the plot. charlie manages to revive be using a high-voltage gun from earlier, which brings him back to life. B takes down one of the Decepticons, whilst Charlie climbs the tower to disable it. in the battle at B safes burns from a crashing helicopter and burns finally realizes that he's been fighting for the wrong side. the area becomes flooded during the fight, and B defeats the remaining Decepticon. being Charlie flee the area with burns distracting the army in order to buy them more time. BB and Charlie arrive at the Golden Gate Bridge, and the two decide to part ways, as B has bigger things that Charlie cannot hold him back from. we see B change into a better car and drive over the bridge. eagle-eyed viewers will notice that a truck drives alongside him that looks exactly like Optimus Prime. and it's clear that the two were reunited when they exchanged words at the end. optimus thanks b 1 to 7 for all the hard work. which is when bumblebee, who's finally mastered his voice box, states that he's not B 1 to 7, he's bumblebee. the other Autobots land on earth, and we watch as Charlie finally fixes the car the hair and a father were working on all along. ultimately, this film, to me, is about separation and the rebuilding of relationships. both B and Charlie go through a process of losing something they love, finding stability on their own, and then realizing that the state of solitude ultimately makes them weak. it's a neat little subtext that showcases that at the core of this film is a message of friendship and family that really elevates it above the rest of the series. so what are your thoughts on bumblebee? did you enjoy the film and what you hope to see with the franchise going forward? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my review of the film, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 