to talk about what I think is the worst graphic novel of all time. it's Frank Miller. it's holy terror. now, I'm a huge French Miller fine. I absolutely love Dark Knight Returns. it's my favorite Batman graphic novel. I got posters and at it. and I think that a perfectly captures the character, updates that puts them in a modern setting. however, as of late, Frank Miller has went completely mental. delight is just putting out constantly, all-star Batman and Robin is hilarious, but terrible. don't make strikes again. hilarious, absolutely terrible. and Holy Terror is just a complete example of how much the guy had messed up. they should call it holy terrible. they should call it holy error on Frank's part. in 2006, he announced that he'd be working on Batman Holy Terror, which was a book that was gonna kind of deal with al-qaeda. he famously said, Superman punch pepper. Captain America punched Hitler. it's what these characters do. and he's put an updated spin on it with Batman. they say, though they've been around for eight years, obviously they're not going to publish something that's massively racist towards a religious group. so the knocked on the head, but Frank Miller still went ahead with it, and we ended up a holy terror. it still is a Batman story. I don't care what Frank Miller says. all the characters are exactly the same as a Batman story. and it's just an excuse to sort which I can't really get annoyed at, because some of my favorite books, like nemesis and superior by markeloff, are also sort of passages of famous characters. so when it's done well, it's done well, it isn't good. well, it opens on the quote, if you meet the infidel, kill the infidel, by Mohammed. I later found out this isn't even a quote, and that Craig Miller this made it look like. and it's clear this booth wants to give you an excuse to hate Muslims from the off. and instantly struck me is really left field and a shallow way to open the story. the best does in anything are always written with death and complexity, and you can sort of see things from their side. in this they have absolutely no debt to them. Mela doesn't try and kind of understand what drives someone to be a terrorist. he doesn't take any blame for what America have done to Middle Eastern countries. he just portrays them as mindless villains who will murder anyone. it has one of the worst openings I've ever seen. the clip so bad, it's even harder like flick through it. so it just opens on, please stop it. and it's just people going test huff, huff. I mean, it goes on for a while where the only thing that anyone says is up. and it's Mela is laziest. this was a guy who knocked out, yeah, one and the Dark Knight Returns within a really short time period. and nowadays, you can't even do Dog Night part three in less than and it means overseen by someone else. I got really lazy, and this is a prime example of it. so, as the fixer chases Catwoman, she's not given a name, she's Pat woman across the rooftop, will then hit with this explosion. and it's a mixed, one of those most Awkward sex scenes I've ever seen. in comics, you just have pages like this where it's just faces, and then it turns into a double spread of just boxes. eventually these boxes get smaller and smaller, and then nothing. get what it's meant to me, and I get it's meant to symbolize all the people that I've died in there's such a big number, but it's just such a lazy way to do it. there's a great book that came out recently by DC called love is love, which looks at the Florida shooting of a gay club. and every page has a story on it. and on an entire page, got Commissioner Gordon. you also have tires of political figures. it's just pictures of them. though I always think that the best satire comes across from what they say and the fact that these characters don't say anything. it's very much style over substance. look at it, you go, that's a good drawing of Barack Obama, but that's it. it's not satire. and anything he says. whenever you satire something, the look-alike aspect of it is the one thing not necessary. it's more to do with what they say and how they accent really portrays them. they look like things just there for you to connect with. you it is. and they don't actually say anything. it just has no depth to it. the characters say, god damn the record, damn second because it's only god damn word. Frank Miller knows nothing depict any god damn promotion. how's stuff in it? like if my record for those 72 virgins as they kill a terrorist. and I never thought that book, that you can read it 20 minutes, would be solved by he pasted ends up were like a terrorist plot where you can't really tell what's going on. and there's these silhouettes with characters talking, I don't know how you met me. tell who is who could be honest? just, again, just laziness. and it just becomes a mush and plural colors. and I just hated it. and it made me want to go on my own Isis book burning campaign with some of my favorite Frank Miller fiction. it works really well as a coffee coaster, which i think is a good point that I should bring up. but other than that, there's not much air that warrants you picking it up. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. I wouldn't wish it on the people who orchestrated 9/11. Ben Lord, and probably read this group in this story it by from start to finish. it by from start to finish. it doesn't even fit on my boots jump correctly. like, look at that. it's, it's poking out, like, oh, that's it. I can't even word is a book. it doesn't even function as a group. I don't know where Frank Miller was switched out with this bizarro version of himself, but this is just an absolute disaster. like, this is a bigger disaster any I shouldn't say that, but it's really bad. one of the main positives to take from it though, is it's so bad it'll probably never get into the printing, which means that it might be worth a bit of money in a couple years. massively racist every Muslim, and it's painted out to be a villain. even the heroes are really one-dimensional. Frank Miller only seems to be able to write Carrie Kelly, so every female in every is Carrie Kelly and Bruce Wayne 2050. and every character that right, is exactly the same. and I'm just, I'm sick of the life. I can't defend him anymore after this crap. so overall, I give it a two out of ten. what did you think? about mine? Holy Terror. comment below and let me know. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music] 