Hello Ladies and Gentlemen and welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary. Today we'll be looking at The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien; a hallmark of the Fantasy genre. If you\xe2\x80\x99ve ever heard of elves, orcs, dwarves, you've probably heard of it from somewhere or something inspired directly or indirectly by the Lord of the Rings and the works of J.R.R. Tolkien Adapted by Peter Jackson and released in 2001, The Fellowship of The Ring is the first movie in a trilogy Now, if you're ready for an adventure, here's Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring. In the Second Age of Middle-earth, the lords of Elves, Dwarves, and Men are given Rings of Power. Unbeknownst to them, the Dark Lord Sauron forges the One Ring in Mount Doom to conquer them all, abandoning a great part of his power to it in order to dominate, through it, at a distance, the other Rings and conquer Middle-earth. A final coalition of men and elves battle Sauron\xe2\x80\x99s forces in Mordor, where Prince Isildur of Gondor cuts the One Ring off of Sauron's finger, thereby destroying his physical form. Unfortunately, Isildur decides to take care of the Ring himself, but the evil influence of the Ring corrupts Isildur, preventing him from destroying it in Mount Doom. Isildur is later killed by Orcs, and the Ring is lost for 2,500 years, found and owned by Gollum for five centuries. The Ring is then found by a Hobbit named Bilbo Baggins. Sixty years later, Bilbo celebrates his 111th birthday in the Shire, reuniting with his old friend, Gandalf the Grey. Bilbo reveals that he intends on leaving the Shire for one last adventure, and leaves his inheritance to his nephew, Frodo, including the Ring. Although Bilbo has begun to become corrupted by the Ring and tries to take it for himself, Gandalf intervenes. Telling Frodo to keep the Ring hidden, he investigates it, and discovers its true identity, returning to warn Frodo. Learning that Gollum was tortured by Orcs, and told them that Bilbo took the Ring, Gandalf instructs Frodo to leave the Shire, accompanied by his gardener Samwise Gamgee. Gandalf rides to Isengard, meeting fellow wizard Saruman the White, but learns that he is in cahoots with Sauron, who has unleashed the Ringwraiths to find Frodo. After a brief battle, Saruman imprisons Gandalf. Frodo and Sam are joined by fellow Hobbits, Merry and Pippin, and they evade the Ringwraiths, arriving in Bree, where they are meant to meet Gandalf, but are instead aided by a ranger named Strider, a friend of Gandalf's, who escorts them to Rivendell. A few things: #1 the actor for Saruman the White (Christopher Lee) was the only member of the crew and cast who actually met the author of LOTR, J.R.R. Tolkien and had read LORD once year until his death in 2015. His friendship and knowledge of LOTR helped shape the film with his inputs here-and-there. He originally auditioned for Gandalf but landed the role for Saruman, a role which Jackson always had Lee in mind. The Hobbits are ambushed by the Ringwraiths, one stabbing Frodo with a cursed Morgul blade. Arwen, an elf and Strider\xe2\x80\x99s lover, comes to Frodo\xe2\x80\x99s aid, and successfully takes him to Rivendell, where he is healed, meeting Gandalf, who escaped Saruman on the back of a giant Eagle. Arwen\xe2\x80\x99s father, Lord Elrond, holds a council, deciding that the Ring must be destroyed in Mount Doom. While the members argue, Frodo volunteers to take the Ring, accompanied by Gandalf, Sam, Merry, Pippin, elf Legolas, dwarf Gimli, Boromir of Gondor, and Strider, who is revealed to be Aragorn, Isildur\xe2\x80\x99s heir and rightful King of Gondor. Bilbo gives Frodo his sword, Sting. The Fellowship of the Ring sets off, but Saruman\xe2\x80\x99s magic forces them to travel through the Mines of Moria, much to Gandalf's chagrin. The Fellowship find out that the dwarves within Moria have been slain, and they are attacked by Orcs and a cave troll. They defeat them, but are confronted by an ancient demon called a Balrog. Gandalf casts the Balrog into a vast chasm, but its fiery whip drags Gandalf down into the darkness with it. The rest of the Fellowship, now in command by Aragorn, reach Lothl\xc3\xb3rien, home to elves Galadriel and Celeborn. Galadriel privately informs Frodo that only he can complete the quest, and one of his friends will try to take the Ring. Meanwhile, Saruman creates an army of Uruk-hai to track down and kill the Fellowship. Viggo Mortensen, the actor for Aragorn, is an interesting figure for the film. He was actually called in late into production to replace actor Stuart Townsend who was supposed to portray Aragorn. His first scene being the battle at Weathertop after the company leave Bree. He was one of the few actors who did participate in sword training unlike the other key actors, but the swordmaster Bob Anderson, a former Fencer who\xe2\x80\x99d been working in film and TV for at least 30 years training actors for sword combat, said Mortensen was \xe2\x80\x9cthe best swordsman he trained\xe2\x80\x9d. The man would get so intense that other stuntfolk would be afraid to be in fight scenes due to his intensity, and the man did his own stunts. The Fellowship leave Lothl\xc3\xb3rien by river to Parth Galen. Frodo wanders off, and is confronted by Boromir, who tries to take the Ring in desperation. Afraid of the Ring corrupting his friends, Frodo decides to travel to Mordor alone. The other members fight off the Uruk-hai, but Merry and Pippin are taken captive, and Boromir is mortally wounded by the Uruk chieftain. After slaying the chieftain, Aragorn watches Boromir die peacefully. Sam follows Frodo, accompanying him to keep his promise to Gandalf to protect Frodo, while Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli go to rescue Merry and Pippin. 