a man named q lives a church. when cleaning the room, he accidentally finds the model of town where he lives. this model is exactly the same as the real thing. q also sees his own model. he curiously takes the spray bottle of water to try. strange thing happens. it suddenly rains. finally, he realizes that this model is the real town. his wife is the head of the town, but died in a sudden accident. hugh, too, saddened by the loss of his wife, moves to the church to live. god give this gift to him at the right time. because when his wife was alive, she always wanted the town to develop better. this is an opportunity for him to fulfill his wife's dream. the next day, people talk about yesterday's strange rain. cue just listens silently. after a while, the shopkeeper come and has a chat with q. it turns out that since q's wife died, the town's economy has been in decline. all of this is due to the new mayor. everyone in the town is annoyed. q decides to use the model to do something good for the town. when he gets home, q has an idea. he takes a bottle of nail polish. the next day, the restaurant suddenly become new. everyone is amazed. on the way home, q sees an old woman fall the old woman complains that the road has been broken for a long time and no one has repaired it. so the old woman often falls down. often. the reflection box is also full, but the mayor ignores it. q brings the mailbox home to see the first letter, filled potholes on the road. cue, lightly pressed the model, the road is fixed. then he fulfills each of people's wishes, clearing the trash on the road, moving the big tree, despite many requests. q happily complies, even feeding the dog. the next day, everyone gossips about thanking the mystic who has solved his long-standing problems overnight. hearing everyone's thanks, q feels very happy. has a feeling of doing a good job. but after that, people think it's the mayor's work. q is extremely annoyed. his achievements are robbed by the person he hates the most. he's annoyed, but can't say it. after coming home, he thinks of a way. the mayor hates. most of the tourists coming to town. but the people here are the opposite. so q make a night catching welcome to town billboard. the next day, the town fills with people in and out. since then, the quality of life in the town has increased dramatically. the pastor gathers the residence because she wants to thank god on their behalf. the mayor also arrives. what will also come? everyone assumed that the mayor does all of that. the shameless mayorings and skin admits it. silently. looking at the mayor's favorable appearance, q come up with the intention to retaliate against him. he drops a stone into the mayor's car. the next day, the mayor sees his broken down car, and he's very angry. flames and scolds the boy. the owner of the shop run to scold the mayor that only know how to domineer the kids. everyone's supporter. he doesn't feel good, so he changes his attitude. he apologizes to the boy and declares he's not interested in the car. eventually, he succeeds in regaining the support of his resident. q is once again angry. that evening, he decides to scare the mayor. he places a spider on the model indeed. the mayor's extremely scared and rushed away. that evening, the pastor come to find queue. she finds that q is a bit different lately, and immediately come to visit him. after talking to the pastor, q realizes he shouldn't be wasting his energy because of an unrelated person, as long as the townsfolk live better. so all night he wants to make a more sparkling billboard to help the town. unexpectedly, this billboard is the cause of the town's power outage. residents asked the mayor to deal with it, but he didn't know what to do. when the situation gets worse, q has to say it clearly to everyone, he's that mystic. he takes off the ring because he feels sorry for his wife for not being able to give everyone a good life. at this point, the mayor comes. he sees that the town model immediately give rise to an evil conspiracy. he wants to steal q's model. q disagrees. during the dispute, queue accidentally touches the model. as a result, the town has an earthquake. luckily, no one is injured. but this is not a disaster. the town quickly becomes famous. the ring that cube dropped becomes the largest block of metal in the world. after losing the power of god, q and the townsfolk begin a new life. the film sends a message, we can never anticipate what we bring to the world, so please do your best. 