hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're gonna be talking about the 1980 film, Star Wars, Episode five, The Empire Strikes Back. so let's get started. the film does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you want to see a summary of the previous films, click on these links below. the film takes place three years following the destruction of the Death Star. the rebels have moved their base to the ice planet of Hoth. the Empire dispatches probe droids all throughout the galaxy, hunting for the rebels new base. and one does actually land on Hoth. Luke, believing that the probe is a meteor, goes to investigate and is captured by a creature called a Wamba. he is able to escape, but the bitter cold ends up putting him in a state of hypothermia. Luke has a vision of obi-wan telling him of the system of Dagobah and to go there to train with Jedi Master Yoda. Luke is found in the tundra by han Solo, who takes him back to the rebel base to recover. han and Chewbacca later discovered that the meteor was actually a probe droid, which had alerted the Imperial fleet at the rebels location. the umpire launches a massive attack using gigantic 8080 Walker's in order to capture the rebel base. the rebels are overwhelmed and must flee. han, Chewbacca, Leia and c3po all leave in the Millennium Falcon, but their hyperdrive fails, so they have to hide in an asteroid field. bounty hunters are sent out by Darth Vader, including Boba Fett, in order to track down the Millennium Falcon. they're able to avoid the bounty hunters in the Imperial fleet and traveled to Cloud City, a floating city on the planet of bespin, where Hans old friend, Lando Calrissian lives and runs. the Millennium Falcon, however, has been tracked and the Empire has taken over Cloud City before the Falcon has even arrived. Lando leads the group into a trap, and they are captured by Darth Vader. Vader plans to use the group to lure out Luke in order to present Luke to Vader's master, the emperor. Vader also freezes Han Solo in carbonite and Boba Fett takes the frozen Han to claim the bounty placed by Jabba the Hutt. Leia's also placed under the custody of the Empire. meanwhile, Luke and r2d2 travel to the planet of Dagobah, where Luke meets Yoda. at first, Luke believes Yoda to be a crazy old hermit, but Luke follows through with Yoda's training, learning more about the force and the ways of the Jedi. while Luke is training, he has visions of han and Leia being in danger, and leaves Yoda's training to help them, even though Yoda warns that he is not ready to face Vader. Luke arrives at Cloud City and falls right into Vader's trap. Luke and Vader begin to battle, and they're led into a large air shaft. Vader proves himself to be more skilled than Luke, invaders severs Luke's hand, causing him to lose both his hand and his father's lightsaber. Vader offers to Luke to come join the dark side on the Empire, which Luke refuses as believing Vader had killed his father. this is when Vader reveals to Luke that he did not kill his father. that Vader, in fact, is actually Luke's father. unwilling to believe this, Luke throws himself down the air shaft. while this is all going on, Lando, who is forced to help the Empire, has broken Leia and the others free. they tried to stop oboe Fett from leaving with the frozen han Solo, but they're unsuccessful. Lando and the others take the Millennium Falcon, planning to escape the planet. Leia, however, has her own premonition of Luke being in trouble, and they find him at the bottom of the air shaft. they rescue Luke and flee the planet. as the film concludes, we see Luke has been fitted with a robotic hand, while Lando and Chewbacca leave to go after the frozen han Solo, flying off in the Millennium Falcon. so that was the spoilers for Star Wars, Episode five. the Empire Strikes Back. we'll be spoiling all the Star Wars films before the theater release of episode seven, so please look out for those. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 