[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. Game of Thrones has just dropped its first big episode in the season, and this incredible stock showdown is the best one we've seen. well, since you're the big stock showdown this weekend in Avengers end game. this is a nail-biting 90-minute set piece that really feels like some amazing pay off after a slightly slower start to the season. and there are some big moments that arguably stand out as some of the show's best. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the episode, as well as what it could lead to down the line. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the latest release in the season yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I hope you enjoy the video. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my recap of Game of Thrones, season 8, episode 3. okay, so just a quick recap of episode 1, into branded his best impression of am I'm Jon Snow toll Daenerys. he's anti incest because he discovered that having sex with his auntie's incest and that he's the true heir to the throne. and Tommen did one of the best got milk adverts of all time. episode 3 picks up immediately during the transition between the calm before the storm, with the soldiers of Westeros facing down against the White Walkers. we see shaking Samwell Tarly arming himself with dragonglass, and the unsullied and Dothraki ins already to doth wreck again. sorry, that's that's terrible. they're also joined by none other than the red woman, who states she will be dead by the morning. this massively plays into the end, and she helps to arm the soldiers with fire weapons, ready to light up the landscape. it's a battle of Ice and Fire. and whilst it initially seems like the former may have a chance, the latter pretty quickly beats there. and we realize that this battle isn't going to be as easy as the last two episodes. it's pretty safe to say that this is easily one of the most epic Game of Thrones, scratch that TV episodes ever made. and throughout there's a massive moment of however, the episode two brings in some pretty heartfelt pieces, such as Sansa and Tyrians exchange in the crypt. you know things are bad when Tyrion says, maybe we should have just stayed married. but it's great that Sansa tells him that he was the best of them, and that's a compliment because, well, there's been so much compared to actually, nevermind. this section also gives bran a chance to go into full Raven mode, and using a murder of crows, he begins approaching the night king and surveying the landscape. the battle rages on, with the Hound facing down a giant and area literally throws the book at someone when in the library. we also get our first dragon burst dragon fight, and it's absolutely amazing. now, for me, this is the standout moment of the episode, with John and Danny pretty much ravaging the night king. unfortunately for them, he's harder to kill than James Bond, and we learn that he's fully fire resistant. at this point, the major deaths are coming thick and fast, with linear moment unfortunately, not getting to the point where she can star on my super sweet 16. and Barrack is stabbed multiple times, and it's unlikely that he will return with the flame fully extinguished. the night King, too, has other plans, and he resurrects countless numbers of the Dead, which is when the forces of Westeros realized that they're pretty screwed. Dany's dragons flee, leaving her to fend for herself. John has to retreat to Bronn Jorah is stabbed and Brienne is ravaged by whites quicker than you can say, I've just become a knight. it's a pretty devastating moment that, in true Game of Thrones style, feels like a massive gut punch for our heroes. bran returns at this point to his body, but it all feels a little too late with Theon having to sacrifice himself in order to buy some more time. o Theon, at least you got a chance at redemption. but, yeah, see you later, pal. I don't really like you that much. it looks like the night king finally has his prize, and the two engaging the staring match that doesn't even feel like bran can win. as the night king approaches him, then out of nowhere comes area, stabbing him right in the gut at the last second, and securing the episode is one of the best ever. from here, the whites all fall to the ground. the battle is over, and you can finally breathe again. I've seen some people say that this was a bit of a cheap ending, but bran did say that he was going to use himself as bait, which the end he did, so area could finally kill the night king. unfortunately, that doesn't mean everything is finished though. there are a lot of casualties, including Jorah, who is willing to die in order to escape the friendzone. this was probably the most devastating death for me in the episode. but at least you get to see the actor return as Batman in DC's Titans, which are massively looking forward to. malice and Ray promised that she'd be dead by Dawn, and she doesn't let us down. the character walks out the castle gates and removes her cape and collar and walks into the snow, aging faster than we did whilst watching this episode. due to this, the character dies because she no longer has a purpose. this entire time she's been trying to defeat the knight King. and it's likely that she knew all along the area would be the one to do this. those who remember their first encounter back in season 3 will recall that the red woman stated that the two would meet again, but that on the way, area would close many eyes. this prophecy is now fulfilled, so Melisandre can rest. however, that doesn't mean it's a happy ending. and there are still some large questions, such as, why did bran disappear for so long? and why has the show got rid of its biggest and baddest villain? well, it doesn't seem like it actually has. it seems that master manipulator seriously hoped that this would be the case, which is why she stayed her forces. with Winterfell now in ruins, they will be an easy target for her golden company. add to this the fact that Dany and Jon are now going to have to deal with who will get the throne when this is over, and it looks like the Mad Queen prophecy could still come true. personally, I think Cersei is ready to ravage the forces of Westeros, especially with many of their big numbers now decimated by the white wall. whilst I've seen some angered that the knight King is no more. the show is actually returning to its roots with the showdown between the two sides. and for me, this makes for a more engaging battle, especially with our heroes being stuck in such a weak position. everything is building towards who will get the throne, and it doesn't seem so assuring now that seriously will be the one who is taken from it, especially with the huge losses that everyone has faced from this bow. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, and if you feel like it lived up to your expectations. personally, I was a bit disappointed that there wasn't a big twist on the night king. but there may be a bigger of your going forward. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my end explain breakdown of a Bendis and game, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time, take care. peace. [Music], 