the end of the world has always been a recurring theme for hollywood, and it always sells. the core is no exception. the film takes place in a timeline where the earth has stopped rotating due to the core not being the proper temperature. to bring it back to the normal temperature, a handful of astronauts must journey to the center of the earth and detonate a nuclear bomb before the core superheats and destroys all life on the planet. so, spoiler alert, obviously. while i may give you my opinion on the film here, that's no substitute for experiencing it yourself. links to the film are in the description, like the video. if you enjoy and subscribe to see more. already, as the stars on the paramount logo swoop in, the soundtrack puts you in a state of suspense that makes you feel like you're in for the ride of your life. by the time the title screen popped up next, i was so pumped up that they could have said this was a movie about bears hibernating and i would have been excited. next thing i knew, i was watching a business transaction take place. i'm still excited as the businessman walks into his meeting, his vision goes topsy turvy, and he dies on the spot from outside. pandemonium ensues as a world that just seemed normal falls into disarray as people begin to react and die to an unknown source. now we just leave all those people there and shoot over to the university of chicago. aaron eckhart is a professor of science, which somehow i believe in a million timelines. dr joshua keys is sought after by two men in black suits who come to his class and take him elsewhere. they fly him to washington, dc, where josh runs into another colleague of his, who is another professor of a different science. they take the two of them to a room filled with tables of dead bodies. here they're introduced to general purcell, who explains to them how 32 people simultaneously drop dead within a mile radius. this is where josh shows his prowess for the unknown in solving it. within a minute, he deduces that every single victim happened to have a pacemaker that got fried at the exact same time. meanwhile, in london, swarms of birds start to fall out of the sky and wreck devastation on an unsuspecting crowd. i'm not gonna lie, i laughed at this part. none of the idea of what was going on, but the way they filmed it made me feel like someone was standing just outside the shot throwing plastic toy pigeons at the actors and actresses. and just to play along with why i was laughing, did you know that at exactly 8 minutes and 59 seconds, towards the end of the bird scene, a trout is seen hitting a window. instead, the crew that was in charge of the cg pigeons left it in the final shot as a joke. josh watches the news of the phenomena, and it makes him believe that something else is at play here, something larger. he goes on a tangent that makes him look like a crazed scientist. but we all know that that isn't the case for a film made in 2003. i have to say, the computer graphics for a space shuttle in space were terrible. but it's in that space shuttle that we meet. are three astronauts, back, commander, richard and timmins, are all in space, preparing to land upon re-entry. they find out that they are off course, and they are lined up to land straight in downtown los angeles. thankfully, beck finds an alternative landing strip, which gives us one of the cringiest visuals of a space shuttle landing under bridges in downtown los angeles. that was rough. now we flip over to josh, who is trying to get a mr. zimski to read his theories on the end of the world that's happening. somehow, him telling zimsky that it's the end of the world is enough for him to sit down and read his entire theory. luckily, for the sake of the storyline, he does believe him, and he gets word to washington. now we flip back over to washington, where we run into beck and general purcell, who seems to have a history of some sort. beck learns that her heroics of a safer landing of the space shuttle isn't enough to let her make her way up the ladder. she steps outside and witnesses what looks like the northern lights in washington dc. we shoot back over to josh, who is drunk in a bar. and once again, the same two guys in black suits pop up to pick him up and take him back to washington. if we could just sit in one location, that would be great. once josh is in front of washington officials, he explains his theory. his theory is that the outer core, which is a layer of hot liquid that constantly spins in one direction, has stopped spinning. he explains that the earth will show terrible signs of change over time. after some time, the earth will collapse and burn. at this point, josh mentions something that is actually a true fact. the deepest hole we've ever dug is seven miles deep. the shaft is the cola, super deep borehole in russia. now we're in utah. of course, we couldn't stay in washington, dc. much longer. now we meet brazelton, who just so happens to have a giant hangar in the middle of nowhere with the one solution for how to get to the core. it's here that brazelton gives them a way to dig a hole and a shell to get them down there. during this brazilton mentions he's created unobtainium. unobtainium is a term used by sci-fi fans for an extremely rare, not yet discovered substance that's still necessary. now we pop over to who knows where, where the fbi is about to raid a guy's trashy apartment. now they bring him with the crew. they give rat, yes, that's his name, the options of being turned in for multiple hacking laws being broken, or helped them. everyone should have seen them pulling the scum character out and blackmailing them into helping them. it's a trope that isn't going to die anytime soon. as everyone prepares for a briefing on the mission, an exchange between general purcell and zimsky alludes to the idea that something they had worked on before has caused this problem. josh explains that the crew they've assembled will deliver a gigantic nuclear warhead to the core and detonate it. one thing i will say for this film is that it doesn't follow the same story progression problems that most others do. it has unlimited resources from the world, and they are still taking a reasonable three months to prepare for their mission, a lot better than the 24 hours a lot of other movies used to. progress the story naturally. after a few heart-to-heart moments and quirky interactions, a superstorm pops up that concerns everyone. sure enough, a superstorm appears over rome, causing electricity to surge through all of the appliances. lightning rips up the streets, and so much lightning strikes the coliseum that it explodes. the coliseum used in this shot was shot using a 40-foot model of the structure itself. this surge in weather phenomena causes the team to assemble and jump-start their mission to the core. as they gather outside of their vehicle, they make one last toast to their mission and vehicle, which they just now learn is named virgil. there was something about watching the launch of virgil that made the movie start to feel surreal, watching a countdown from a command center that literally replicated nasa, only to see the vehicle shoot straight down into the ocean instead of up into space with something that makes the mission actually have a depth of majesty. of course, once they reach the earth's crust, seismic activity shoots off the charts. rocks hit the hull, and virgil spirals towards the crust in a cyclone of speed. once they hit the crust and begin digging deeper, the mission starts off as a success after 12 hours of their journey, they hit their first obstacle, or actually their lack of their camera picks up a static area on their camera, which translates to open space. so essentially, when they hit these points, they're falling through the air like a plane out of the sky. as they careen through a forest of what looks like gemstone towers. they come to a halt when something jams the drilling laser. they are at a complete stop. and off course, after a very quick discussion, it's agreed that the only option is to take some of the cooling that is keeping them from melting and go outside to cut whatever held them up. now that they're outside a virtual we finally get a good glimpse of where they are. what do we see? a little forest of gemstone towers overlooking a vast nothingness with tiny sparkles. also, leave it to humans to mess up the earth even more. on their way down, they end up causing a leak of the layers. magma floods down on them from the layer they just came from. on top of that, the cutter used to break them free requires more oxygen, so josh hooks it up to his supply of oxygen, causing him to pass out. just as the crew starts to celebrate, a small shrapnel of rock from the top layer drops right through the commander's helmet, killing him. beck now has command of virgil, who leads them back down on their journey. josh gets brought back to life. so they continue on their mission, but now they're one short. josh and begg have a lovely little heart to heart where they address his active heroics. a simple professor did what was required to continue the mission. day two starts, and it begins with a bang. virgil and the crew happened upon a layer of diamonds, which virgil's lasers aren't designed to cut through. with the maneuverability of a barge, virgil isn't intended to turn like that. and just like the titanic, the tiniest point of a diamond iceberg causes a breach in the last car or virgil. due to the breach, josh's colleague is trapped in it. as it shuts down to eject the car, beck is given a tough decision. either allow it to eject, or risk everyone to save him. easy decision, if you ask me. beck decides the risk to the mission isn't worth his life. while josh and razzleton attempt to open the doors, the last moments of josh's colleague are some of the most heartfelt moments of the entire movie so far. and his death is slow and kind of agonizing. as josh makes his way to the bridge again, he confronts beck. this interaction alone turns back from the simple navigator to the brutal commander so fast it'll give you whiplash. the next time we see josh, his character has had the quickest forgiving turnaround i've ever seen from a character that just lost his best friend. all of a sudden, virgil begins picking up a lot of speed, which ends up throwing off all of the calculations. it's now that zimsky decides that their mission is a failure, and he radios back to general purcell, saying that destiny is a go. no one but general purcell understands what that means. zimski enlightens the crew of his plan. destiny stands for deep earth seismic trigger initiative. essentially, someone made an electromagnetic weapon, and zimsky made it better. and in turn, it turns out that it directly caused the core to shut down. after a back and forth conversation, it's decided that they will continue on what is now a suicide mission. this in turn causes zimski to break down and lose his mind on what's left of the crew. thankfully, brazilian has enough of his rambling and punches him ever so slightly, but apparently it's enough to knock him out. while this is going on, rat picks up a strange reading on his monitor. it turns out that the deadly microwaves mentioned in the beginning have found their first hole and start cooking everyone and everything in its path. the microwaves eat away at the golden gate bridge ever so quickly, causing a devastating scene that makes the bird scene in the beginning look like child's play. general purcell takes this as a sign that they need to fire destiny as soon as possible, which makes rat thinks it's as bad as it really is. rat makes contact with josh secretly, and josh tells him that he has to slow it down to give them time. meanwhile, josh and his crew are running simulation after simulation to try to develop a new plan. as he babbles possibilities, zimski comes up with a plan, essentially. the new plan includes a bunch of tiny explosions instead of one big bang, while they work on hot wiring the nukes to explode how they want. destiny is being primed, and rat is racing against time to hack his way to destiny's location. virgil is now almost within reach of the core. but now it turns out that they have to go into a crawl space that is 9000 degrees to release compartments with bombs. of course, they draw straws to see who goes into the crawl space. i mean literally draw straws. the end of the world and their own lies are at stake, and we're drawing straws to see who lives and dies. with one last touching moment between characters, brazelton descends into the crawl space to release the couplings. he's blasted with a wave of heat that almost sends him reeling instantly. but no, instead, we have to watch him stumble while bits of his suit melt away, and we have to listen to sound effects that make this sound like one of the most agonizing deaths in film history. brazilton makes it, and in his last moments, he is eviscerated. so with a crew down to three, the odds against him and destiny charging, they're running out of time. they continue to barrel towards the core while they manhandle the warheads to their compartments with a specific time frame to follow. they release the first compartment, but meanwhile, destiny has charged and is ready to fire. sure enough, rat makes it through the servers and diverts power from destiny to coney island. cheesy, but a nice little moment for rat. the crew continues ejecting warheads, but sure enough, they find out their calculations are not enough yet. again, josh gets pinned by one of the warheads, which in turn rolls in pinsimsky. josh makes it out, but zimski is trapped in the compartment. before it's ejected, josh has to take from the fuel injector to make the last bomb stronger for their plan to work. in doing so, he burns through his hands and is exposed to radiation. he makes his way back to the bridge, and he explains to back that there just isn't enough energy for them to return to the surface. as the first explosion ignites, josh has an idea that could just save them. perfect timing. i know, classic, good guy wins trope, but who cares? it makes for a good story. as the second explosion goes off, we cut to zimsky, who's trapped in his compartment, making an audio recording of his encounter. another cheesy interaction, but it sums up his character so well. as the explosions continue to go off, imagery sent to the command center shows that their plan really did work. the core begins to spin in its natural rotation. josh and beck even get enough power going through what's left of vergil to hopefully steer their way out of the earth's crust. with the last shock wave from the explosion, beck and josh are propelled straight back through to the surface, therefore so fast back through everything they just journey through, that it makes it a little painful that it took that long for them to get down there when it only takes about 30 seconds to ride their way back out. sure enough, beck rides a space in the tectonic plates that just so happens to spit them out of the crust around hawaii. once they get out of the crust, virgil loses power, and they are stranded on the bottom of the ocean floor with no way to contact anyone to let them know they made it out. this whole movie just runs like one big cluster of unfortunate events. sure enough, they end up relying on the sounds of wales to locate virgil. it was the tiniest mention in the beginning, and honestly, it feels like they added that part in the beginning just so they had a way out at this point. and seeing rat run across a carrier ship yelling, it's wales, kind of proves my point. so thanks to the miracle of wales, the u.s navy sends and divers that locate virgil, tow it up to the carrier and open it. our two heroes take this last minute together to talk about what comes next. for both of them, they just plan on going back to their normal life. but leave it to josh to want to expose everything that happened. and of course, he would use rat and his hacking skills to infiltrate a local network to disperse the story of what happened. this movie actually makes a lot of lists for being one of the most unrealistic scientific films of all time. there have actually been scientific publications published and recognized that focused on what was scientifically wrong with the film. all in all, the core feels like a movie that wanted to be taken seriously, but ultimately it should have simply focused a little more on being entertaining instead. still worth a watch, but don't expect much. i hope you enjoyed the video, and, by all means, watch the film for yourself. there's something there for everyone. if you did like it, leave a like on the video and suggest what i should watch next. subscribe if you want to see more videos like this one, and i'll see you in the next video. 