in 19th century vienna, the duchess falls in love with a mysterious magician and illusionist. but her fiance, the ruthless crown prince leopold, discovers the affair. her body is found in the river one morning. and then her lover seemingly summons her spirit before the people to account the details of her murder. welcome to movie splain. in today's video, we'll be recapping a film called the illusionist. enjoy this video. we begin in the midst of the plot in late 19th century vienna. as master magician and illusionist eisenheim is performing at the theater in front of a large audience. the police and chief inspector hule are present among the observers. eisenheim seems to be conjuring up something, a spirit of some sort. but his performance is interrupted when the inspector and the police then abruptly shut down his show and attempt to arrest him. the crowd goes hysterical and rushes in when they hear that the great eisenheim is being arrested. chief inspector ool then goes to see the crown prince leopold. he tells him that they still haven't figured out how eisenheim creates such illusions, and he isn't willing to talk. leopold tells him that they should force him to speak by using something from his past. this prompts hool to ponder over eisenheim's mysterious past as he recounts the history of eisenheim for the prince. we go through a timeline of eisenheim's life leading up to the arrest. eisenheim was born the son of a cabinet maker in austria-hungary. his inspiration, or origin story, rather, for taking on magic as a lifelong profession has many variations to it. since he's very famous and his story has been told many times, a lot of people have exaggerated certain parts of it. one such variation goes as follows. one day when he was a teenager, eisenheim met a traveling magician along a road. the magician performed several tricks for him, and then both the magician and the tree he was sitting under vanish. eisenheim becomes obsessed with magic tricks after this. one day, while practicing one of these tricks, he catches the attention of a young girl named sophie. she is the duchess von tation. he performs some tricks for her. the guards find her and tell her that she should never befriend the peasants, before taking her back to the castle. but she and eisenheim still manage to sneak away once in a while and spend time together in their hideout in the woods. he falls in love with sophie and makes her a unique marquetry puzzle locket, which, if twisted correctly, reveals a small, hidden photograph of himself inside of a heart. eisenheim tells her of his plans to go to china to learn more magic, and sophie promises to escape and go with him. on the day that they are going to leave, the police come looking for sophie. the two hide in the secret room, and sophie begs eisenhower to make them both disappear. he is unable to fulfill this request, and the two are separated. eisenheim leaves his village to travel the world. he perfects his magic and returns 15 years later as a master illusionist. he performs one of his most renowned illusions, in which he grows an orange tree out of a single seed in seconds. chief inspector all is present at the show. he is mesmerized by the trick. the next morning, he goes backstage to meet eisenheim and asks him how it's done. with eisenheim only avoiding the question and turning his attention. he tells eisenheim the reason he came to see him. the crown prince leopold will be attending his show that night, and he has come to inspect the place of any threats. he meets sophie at one of his performances when she is volunteered by the ruthless crown prince leopold as a reluctant participant in a trick. eisenheim asks her the usual magician's question of whether they've met before. she says no. he thinks that she may have forgotten him. he hypnotizes her and brings out a huge mirror in which her reflection soon takes a life of its own, before it is killed by a replica of her. and then a hovering light is drawn out of the mirror by eisenheim. she then faints, right before he catches her. he soon learns that sophie is expected to marry the crown prince, who purportedly has a history of abuse towards women. the prince requests that eisenheim performs a private show at the loftberg for him and his guests, to which he agrees. sophie sneaks away and meets eisenheim privately, whereupon it is revealed that she does remember him. it is brought to ul's attention that the two of them were spotted together in a carriage. he meets eisenheim and tells him not to risk his life over the duchess. at the private show, eisenheim's closing act is a performance from which he drew inspiration from the story of king arthur and the sword of excalibur. eisenheim requests the sword of the prince, an extravagant weapon decorated in jewels, and makes it balance on its tip. he tells the audience that whoever can lift it is worthy of ruling and becoming emperor. some of the generals attempt to but fail. finally, the prince tries to retrieve it, but it still doesn't move. humiliated, he turns to eisenheim. the crowd jokingly mock his position as ruler, before eisenheim lets the sword go. the prince leaves and tells inspector old to shut down eisenheim's show and drive him away from the city. sophie asks eisenheim why he would do such a foolish thing, but he is no fool. this was part of his plan. later that night, she comes to his workshop, telling him that if he wants to stay in the city, he'll need her help. this is exactly what he wanted, to draw her out of the castle into his workshop, so that he can make like the hulk and smash he finds that she's still wearing the locket he gave her. they realize that they are still in love after all this time. they plan to flee the empire together. but first, sophie points out something must be done to stop leopold, who, she reveals, is planning a coup d'etat usurp the crown of austria from his aging father, the emperor france, joseph, the first while using his engagement to her to win the hungarian half of the empire as well. she also knows that the crown prince will view her as disposable if she leaves him for another man, and that he will have both her and eisenheim followed and killed in order to protect his ego. the next day, a fellow inspector witnesses eisenheim and sophie kissing. he informs hull, who follows eisenheim to the train station, where he hears in on a conversation between him and an old man on what sounds like a plan for sophie's escape. leopold finds out for mole that sophie has met with eisenheim. that night, while drunk, leopold confronts sophie and accuses her of being a [ __ ]. she tells him that she will not marry him or have anything to do with his plan. when she attempts to leave, he follows her to the stables with his sword. a servant overhears the argument and then the sword being drawn. he then witnesses from the window the duchess falling onto her horse's back while it rides out of the castle. the next day, her horse comes back with a blood stain on it. a search is carried out and her body is found in the river. inspector ool meets with sophie's family doctor, who tells him that she bled to death from a cut on her throat by either a knife or sword. he also gives inspector ul a jewel he found in sophie's dress. unfortunately, leopold's royal status makes any accusations against him unthinkable. despite an existing belief among the people that leopold has murdered a woman in the past, wool goes to the stables. he spots sophie's locket in the haystack, but decides not to take it at the time. as eisenheim plunges into despair and the citizens of vienna begin to suspect leopold of sophie's murder, wull observes eisenheim's actions more closely on behalf of leopold, racked with grief, eisenheim prepares a new kind of magic show using mysterious equipment in chinese stage hands. eisenheim purchases a rundown theater and opens a new performance. during his show, eisenheim apparently summons a spirit of a young man named franco. he speaks to the audience and answers questions they have about where he comes from and so on. they begin to ask him about the afterlife, and he becomes confused. right before eisenheim waves him away. this leads many to believe that he possesses supernatural powers. people begin to admire and look up to him more and more. as his shows progress and he summons more spirits, the inspectors keep a close eye on him, but still can't figure out how he does it. the religious community come together and discuss how eisenheim has proven the immortality of the soul. an inspector that's monitoring the discussion brings the information to inspector ul. he finds out that they want to transform the empire into a spiritual republic. he takes this information to leopold and informs him of the influence eisenheim has on these people. leopold tells him that eisenheim is a faker, and all he needs to do is find out how he does the trick, and then they can arrest him for fraud. since he is fooling people into believing that he's actually resurrecting the dead, they try to replicate the illusion, but come nowhere near. they sneak into the theater and find nothing. leopold is now mad that they still haven't gotten rid of eisenheim. he decides to attend one of eisenheim's shows in disguise. during this show, eisenheim summons the spirit of sophie, who says someone in the theater murdered her. panicking leopold, leopold quickly leaves with inspectoral leopold tells him that eisenheim is manipulating the audience and fabricating an accusation. eisenheim is trying to turn the people against him. he orders him to have eisenheim arrested and imprisoned if he does the same trick again. wool goes to see eisenheim and tells him that, whether it's fake or not, the mere fact that he can perform such a feat as a gift, so he should not bring sophie back again, which would result in his imprisonment, and he will lose the rest of his life. he pleads with eisenhower to stop, but eisenheim refuses, saying that he just wants to be with her again. eisenheim brings sophie back once again. the audience members ask her who killed her and why. she says that she was trying to leave him, without stating who. she also says that she lost her locket, which she had on her that night. wool's attention is caught by this statement. finally, bull orders eisenheim's arrest. but when he tries to arrest him, eisenheim's body fades and disappears, just like the spirits. inspector wool first searches for eisenheim at his house. there he finds a folio labelled orange tree, the name of one of eisenheim's illusions which had intrigued him, thinking he will find the solution to one of the magician's most famous tricks. he opens it to find empty pages, except for a scrap of parchment showing how to open the locket eisenheim had given sophie when they were young. he goes back to the barn and finds the locket. he uses the instructions to open it and finds the picture of eisenheim inside. the picture falls into the haystack, and next to it all spots a green jewel. he goes to leopold's headquarters and requests his servant to bring him the imperial sword. he finds that two jewels are missing, a green and red one. he places the green jewel inside and sees that it fits perfectly. at this point, we return to the first scene of the movie, wool reveals to leopold that he has found evidence which links him to sophie's murder. the sword is now in police custody and the other jewel is being matched. as they speak, leopold tells him that his father will never believe that he's a murderer. ool agrees and reveals that is why he wrote a letter informing the emperor of his son's plan to overthrow him. it is revealed that he knew of the plan. in fact, he wasn't on it. he decided to help leopold with the promise that he may become chief of police once leopold is in power as emperor. he also believed it was for the better, as the emperor was running the empire into the ground. but he believed leopold was going to do better for the people. but now that he is certain he's working for a murderer, he doesn't want leopold in power at all. the imperial gods arrive to arrest leopold. he retrieves a pistol from a cabinet and threatens to kill ul he then turns the pistol on himself, claiming all he wanted was for the benefit of the people of the empire. but now he is sick of all of it. he then shoots himself dead. in the next scene, ul is shown leaving the imperial palace. after he takes a few steps, a boy runs up to hand him a folio labelled orange tree. this time, the orange tree folio is filled with plans detailing a geared mechanism to make the tree growl wool demands to know where the child obtained the folio. the child reveals that eisenheim had given it to him. wool spots eisenheim wearing a disguise and follows him to the train station. after the chase, a montage shows all piecing together how eisenheim faked sophie's death and framed the crown prince, how the family doctor was a friend of eisenheim's. and while one may think that all would be enraged at eisenheim, he is actually very much amused. meanwhile, eisenheim is seen walking up to a house in the country where sophie had been waiting for him. [Music], you 