[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a fantasy action film along with the gods the two worlds. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in korean buddhist folklore, it is believed that when a man dies, his soul will go through a series of seven trials within 49 days in hell. only those who pass all the trails are able to reincarnate. firefighter kim sacrifices his life to save others in the line of duty, and unknowingly becomes a dead soul claimed by hell. before he realizes his own death, he is greeted by two afterlife guardians. they come to inform kim that he is already dead and will undergo judgments escorted by them. as a paragon of virtue in life, kim is qualified as a rare vip candidate for reincarnation. kim's request to bid farewell to his mother is rejected, and he is sent to hell directly. the handsome guardian brings kim to the grand entrance of hell and introduces to him the leader who has successfully helped 47 dead souls to reincarnate over the past 1000 years. paragon. kim is most likely his 48th client to make it. the first trial for kim takes place in the volcano of the damned and murder hell. actually, the seven trials deal with man's seven sins, namely, deceit, inaudible, justice, betrayal, violence, murder and filial piety. the order of the trials is determined by the king of afterlife himself, and the severity of the trials will come in ascending order. kim fumbles when he learns the volcano of the damned is the murder hell. god of murder orders the judge to put kim on trial and list his evil acts. kim is accused of murder because he had accidentally sacrificed his colleague in order to save innocent person in a rescue. fortunately, the female guardian, cutie, uses the mirror of karma to show the actual record of the day, acknowledging that kim saved eight lives on the same day. god of murder rules that kim is innocent. when they are on the river of indolance, kim asks the trio why they yearn for his reincarnation. cutie blurts out that it is a promise between the king and the three guardians if they are able to reincarnate 49 souls over a century, they will be reincarnated with their own choice as well. coming in as their 48th candidate. him is of top priority for them. before kim's entering hell of indolence, leader emphasizes that kim should not reply to any questions from the goddess of indolence. the awesome waterfall of the indolence hell screens kim's life events. he is so hard-working that the judge has nothing to accuse him. but when the goddess of indolence poses a question, kim breaks his silence to answer her. however, knowing that kim only works for the money, goddess of indolence decides to punish him. at this time, below the waterfall, gigantic rock is rolling over the souls. countless sinners who idle away their lives are now running ceaselessly just to escape the fate of being crushed. kim is frightened to see such a form of punishment at the edge of the waterfall. leader requests goddess of indolence to reveal kim's deeds through the mirror of karma. it has proven that kim worked hard to support his younger brother and ailing mother. thanks to the leader's justification, the sentimental, but judgmental goddess of indolence finally acquits kim. even though they managed to pass the trial safely, kim's rash actions agitate leader to teach him a lesson. leader puts him alone through the sorrow in the blade forest of deceit hell. kim gets to know that if he earns the reincarnation, he will be allowed to meet his mother through a dream. the longing for his mother strengthens him to cooperate with the guardians. taking advantage of the paragon's privilege, the trio prepare to sail quickly through the blade forest. however, in the middle of their journey, they are attacked by ghouls of hell. while fighting against the ghouls, leader asked him if he has any direct relatives in the land of the living. it is because the horde of hell ghouls is triggered only when his direct relative becomes a vengeful spirit. owing to leader, in handsome's tireless efforts, the ghouls retreat. but the existence of a vengeful spirit accelerates kim's trials, and they might not pass all trials in time. compelled by the spirit's interference, leader decides to visit the living world for an investigation, while the rest proceeds. when leader sees kim's mute mother, life and sound, he confirms the vengeful spirit must be his brother. but brother runs away immediately before leader gets hold of him. so leader stays back to sort out the mess at hell. kim thinks the vengeful spirit must be his mother, and sadly removes the eye cover which shields him from the ghouls. shortly after he does that, bulls surround them. it looks like the game is over, because the chance for handsome to triumph over the ghouls is rather slim. but to everyone's surprise, the crisis is miraculously resolved by king's unexpected visit. in fact, king is alarmed by the existence of the vengeful spirit. strangely, king's appearance makes kim more certain of his mother's death. when he learns that the vengeful spirit will soon be destroyed forever, he confronts king, and rage handsome manages to stop his foolish acts and save the team from more troubles. later, the trio arrive at the hell of deceit kim is later put on trial for having written 98 fake letters to the daughter of his fallen colleague. at the same time, leader finds out that when during brothers military service, he often took care of one junior soldier. moreover, his absence has created loads of anxiety in his lieutenant and the particular junior. suspecting that the two must be related to brother's death, leader disguises himself as an officer to interrogate the lieutenant at hell. goddess of deceit punishes kim for the fakes letters filled with worries for the afterlife trials. leader speeds up the interrogation, but the lieutenant refuses to tell him the truth. leader then supernaturally connects with cutie to defend kim. leader argues that the fake letters give hope to the bereaved family, quoting that his fake letters to his mother as supporting evidence. for 15 years, kim has lied to mother about his family and career success. but such lies have encouraged his ailing mother to recover from her illness. in the end, goddess of deceit is moved by kim's kindness and dismisses his charges to appease kim. leader falsely claims that all is well with his mother and brother. kim is overjoyed hearing that. but leaders on true statement has led to an avalanche in the glaciers of injustice hell. fortunately, nothing wrong is found in kim, and they safely pass through the injustice hell without any trial. the trio moves to the next court by a cable car. kim happens to know from their chit chat that the vengeful spirit is brother. and leader is now dealing with the case. as handsome leaks out the truth, the cable car gradually collapses, and kim rescues the two guardians. kim's desire to reincarnate and meet mother in the dream now grows even stronger. later, the trio pass through the heavily passage that meanders to the betrayal hell. since kim has lived a noble life, he leaves the betrayal hell without any hassles. in the world of the living. leader discovers that brother was seriously injured by the accidental discharge of junior's rifle. the lieutenant was worried that his promotion would be obstructed by this accident. mistaking that brother was dead, they hastily buried him alive. such a tragedy reminds leader of his own trauma, bringing tears to his eyes. out of thin air, handsome surprise visits leader in the living world. he cautions leader not to overstep the boundary and advises him to return to hell as soon as possible. in contrast to hanson's advice, leader continues with the investigation and begins to follow junior. from there, he locates the vengeful brother and hunts him down. when brother sobs out his grievances, later recalls his late father, who was also buried alive. although leader tries all means to calm brother down, he cannot let go of his grudges. when leader is not on guard, brother takes the opportunity to strike him and breaks away. having made little progress in the living world, leader then decides to first focus on kim's afterlife trials. however, when kim learns that brother is stirring up troubles, kim begs leader to lend a helping hand. the drunken junior cannot bear his own guilt and finally tips off the location of brother's body to mother. while he is doing all this, leader witnesses everything and follows him through. in fact, junior wants to commit suicide. when junior hangs himself and is about to die, brother's hatred vanishes and pleads leader to save him. even though leader is not technically allowed to intervene in earthly affairs, he empathizes with the brother and stops junior. leaders transgression has brought disaster to the trio, so they start falling in the vacuum sink hole of violent hell. at such a critical moment, brother reconciles with junior by a leader as the medium. as a result, the trio finally stopped falling. kim then reaches the hell of violence, where he is reluctantly reminded of beating brother when they were young. since kim is not forgiven, the god of violence judges him. leader tells cutie to ask for a combined trial at the next hell. despite hansom's disagreement, cutie carries out leaders instruction. the judges nod their heads right away for a combined trial means a more disastrous outcome for the trio. on their journey across the eternal desert, cutie discovers another shocking fact when kim was young, mother fell badly ill and brother was suffering from malnutrition. out of no hope, kim decided to commit famicide. but his plan was discovered by brother. kim ended up beating brother and left home. he had given everything to his family during the 15 years he was away, but none of that changes the fact that he wanted to kill them in the first place. leader brings brother back to the place of his burial and prepares to release his soul from purgatory, but mother brings the map to meet up with lieutenant. seeing mother being treated rudely, brother, who had calmed down previously, loses control again as he gets ready to take revenge on lieutenant. sandstorm rages in the living world. in hell, kim is almost killed by the quicksand in the hell of filial piety. but brother pauses in time, fearing that kim would die by his actions. and once leader snatches the opportunity to arrest him, since the vengeful spirit is under control, king directly judges kim. cutie attempts to contextualize kim's actions in such a way that the purity of his soul remains intact. but king proves her wrong with the most powerful evidence. when kim wanted to kill his mother, his mother actually regained consciousness. the mother just didn't want to burden her children, so she didn't choose to resist. the two brothers finally know what truly happened on that day. kim feels so guilty that he volunteers to swallow all the punishment. but leader empowers brother to end her mother's dream. in the dream, brother says his final goodbye to mother and explains to her why kim had tried to kill her. the children's sufferings have pierced the mute mother's heart, and she amazingly speaks in the dream with immense love. she forgives her children from the bottom of her heart. as kim's sins have been pardoned in the living world, king cannot judge him in the afterlife. owing to mother's grace, kim is permitted to reincarnate, and brother has become the next paragon. leader is struck that handsome did not pay him any visit in the living world. the one who stopped and warned him is actually king instead. so leader decides to bring brother directly to the heliphil piety managed by king, even though, before meeting king. they have to overcome thousands of warriors in hell. leader fears nothing at all, longing to send brother to reincarnation and probe into the reasons behind his burial. leader and handsome gear up for the battle and run towards the heliphil piety, where king sits and thrown. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 