hello everyone. this is mr brain junkie here. and today we're gonna be talking about a science fiction film called the day the earth stood still. be ready for some spoilers ahead. in a snowy mountain, a climber gets out of his tent and notices something very strange from afar. he walks towards what appears to be a glowing sphere and makes contact with the surface. a bright light shines towards him, and he becomes unconscious. when he wakes up, he notices a scar on his hand where his dna is taken, but the glowing object has disappeared. helen is an astrobiologist and a professor teaching her students about bacterias. when the class finishes, her lab assistants tries seducing her with his hormones, but unfortunately, he's knocking any wreaths, and she puts him in the friend zone. helen goes back to her home where her eight-year-old stepson, jacob lives. it is hinted that helen's husband is no longer with them, as jacob treasures his personal items. while making dinner, she receives a phone call where the government requires her assistance. immediately, she opens the front door and sees government agents surrounding her house. with no choice, she leaves her son with the neighbor and gets in the car. she demands to know what's going on, but the agent can't tell her, as he doesn't know either. she arrives in the military airfield and enters the helicopter where a collection of scientists from different fields all gather in the same group. they get to a makeshift military base, and she's greeted by maiko, a nasa official and old friend of hers, who brings her to the debriefing about what's going on. apparently, an object moving one-tenth the speed of light has entered our solar system and altered its direction towards earth just moments ago. they have about 70 minutes before impact, and the government plans to launch missiles at it in order to stop the collision with earth. worried about her son, helen calls jacob and tells them to hide in the basement. but she realizes that if impact occurs, there is nowhere anyone can hide from this disaster. the military takes the scientists close to the projected impact zone, but as the object gets closer to the earth, their missile launch system malfunctions, crippling their only defense. surprisingly, the object is slowing down as it approaches earth. a massive glowing light appears in the sky and flies towards the public park, where it lands in front of everyone. they move closer to the object, and it appears to be the same sphere that was in the beginning of the movie, but much larger. the military arrives and surrounds the object, pointing their guns at it and ready to fire at any moment. the sphere glows with bright light, and a silhouette of a creature approaches. helen moves forward in amazement and tries to make contact. but a gunshot is hurt, and the creature drops to the ground. while helen holds it in her arms. suddenly, a towering figure walks out and begins shutting off all the weapons from the military. it then makes a loud screech, paralyzing everyone. it tries to attack helen, but stops at the alien's command and proceeds to move back. the military brings the alien back into their laboratory and tries their best to save the creature. although they succeeded at stabilizing its heartbeat, the outer skin begins peeling off, and they're shocked to see a human lying inside. at the same time, numerous other sphere-like structure have landed on earth, spreading in every corner of the world. the satellite system has also been disabled, crippling the military. the doctors learned that the alien took samples of animals dna on earth and was essentially reborn into the body of a human being in order to survive on the planet. the alien's body has also grown exponentially, already reaching the age of an adult male. by this time, they approach the now conscious alien and demands to know his business on earth. we learned that he represents a collection of civilizations that exists all around earth, and his name is clattu. he wants to speak to the un, but regina, the defense secretary of united states, refuses to allow him. she asks him what he wants from our planet, to which the alien responds that the earth does not belong to humans. frustrated at his apparent disobedience, regina plans to have clatu sedated and tortured. at the great disapproval from everyone else, helen disobeys her order to sedate clatu and only injected water into his system rather than sedating him while telling him to run. they take the alien to do a light test, but clattu manages to set himself free by using electrokinesis powers and breaks out of the military facility. he arrives at the train station and plans to leave, but faints to the ground from the gun wounds earlier. he manages to call helen, who comes quickly to the station to pick him up with jacob. she wants to know if he's a friend to humans, to which clatu replies that he's a friend to earth. on the other side, the military tries their best efforts to destroy the giant humanoid, but their attacks are useless at making any damages, as the machine destroys all the human weapons. clad 2 has a conversation with jacob while helen is driving the stepson shows extreme hostility towards the alien and believes that humans should kill him right away. he wants to know what clatu thinks that humans should do to this alien, but clattu doesn't believe that humans have any choice either way. they stop at a mcdonald's, and clatu meets another alien from their civilization. they talk about the violent nature of humanity and how human seems to be incapable of change. with this confirmation in his prior experience, klatu decides to proceed with the plan of destroying human civilization. surprisingly, the other alien refuses to leave earth, even though he will die alongside humanity. he believes that with all the negative aspects humans display, they also have a side which deserves to be treasured. he loves the family he's built on this planet and can no longer leave them for anything else. helen drives the alien to another location. while they wait in the car, clatu goes towards the pond and summons a sphere, which appears from under the water. all the animals from everywhere around the world begins going into the spheres, and they all eventually levitate away from earth into the atmosphere with glowing lights. the only sphere that doesn't appear to have left is the largest one, where the humanoid machine is guarding over. clattu comes out from the forest, and helen pleased for him to tell her what is really going on. the alien explains that humans are killing the earth, and he's here to save the planet. there are very few planets in the universe that can support life, and earth is too valuable to be destroyed. as they argue about what to do with humanity, a police officer manages to find their location, but when he tries to arrest the alien, clatu kills him immediately. however, he then was able to resurrect him, as he only wanted the officer out of the way and did not want to kill him unnecessarily. his actions shock and frightens both helen and her stepson. helen begs him to spare humanity, as she believes that human beings can change. claudiu disagrees, as he tried to speak with the human leaders with reason, but only resulted in violence. helen quickly explains that regina does not represent humanity, and she would gladly take him to someone who does. on the other side, the government agents finally figured out that the spheres are ships, which attempts to save the animals on earth. but they fear what comes after may wipe out humanity. they manage to capture the humanoid machine by not using any violence, and proceeds to bring it to their underground facility. helen takes clatto to meet a nobel prize-winning physicist. and klattu demonstrates his understanding of the universe by solving the equations easily on the blackboard. the man immediately realizes that he's the alien from the news, and they begin a deep conversation about human nature. the physicist thinks that humanity can change and learn from their lessons, but only if they're pushed to the brink of destruction. similarly, we learned that clatu's civilization also undergone dramatic changes when they had to salvage their dying sun. the physicists pleased for clattu to not take away this moment from humanity where human civilization can finally transcend into something greater. their debate is cut short when the military shows up around the facility, as jacob called them because of his antagonism against the alien. they try to escape quickly, away from the house and into the forest, but helen is captured by the helicopters and taken away. two more helicopters arrive towards them and prepares to shoot at klattu, but he manages to disable them with his powers and sends them crashing to the ground, frightened at what he just witnessed the alien do. jacob runs to the opposite direction, believing that clatu is chasing after him, but trips and nearly falls to his death. klattu saves the boy and calmly tells him to move forwards, away from the danger. jacob pleads for the alien to bring him home, to which clatu agrees. helen is brought to the secretary of defense and tries to convince her to let her go. helen states that the only way to save humanity is to let her convince clattu that they can change. regina refuses her pleads and proceeds to try and destroy the humanoid robot. the scientists try to continue to run experiments on the alien machine, but their every attempts have ended in failure. suddenly, the worker inside the room begins bleeding as his suit is being chewed up by nanoscopic robots from the humanoid they panic and tries to incinerate everything. but the robot stands unharmed, while everything around it begins to break down in the molecular level. the nanobots rush out of the military base and proceeds to destroy everything, while becoming larger as it consumes and replicates. after receiving news that their facility is destroyed, regina chooses to allow helen to leave as a last attempt to save humanity from destruction. helen manages to call her son, and jacob arranges for them to meet in a location that he has chosen. being saved by the alien, jacob began seeing him from a different perspective and apologizes for trying to kill him earlier. jacob brings clatu to where they'll meet his mother, which turns out to be the cemetery where his father is buried. he begs the alien to revive his father, but klatu tells the boy that there are some things that he can't do. he tells jacob to not be sad, as nothing in this universe truly dies. they simply transform into something else. instead, feeling hopeless, jacob tells clattu to leave as he kneels in despair. jacob cries in front of the gravestone as his mother finally arrives to him and tries to comfort him. they both admit that they miss jacob's father a great deal, and they embrace as tears fall from their eyes. clattu watches the mother and son and begins empathizing for their loss. he starts to understand that there is more to humans than just destruction. he decides to give humans a second chance, but is unsure whether if he can stop the nanobots. michael takes them towards the sphere, while they're chased by military units from behind. as they're entered the vicinity, a barrage of missiles are fired towards their vehicle, which flips their car over. michael dies in the accident, while clatu escapes with helen and jacob into shelter. the nanobots swarm towards the park. as their numbers block out the sunlight. jacob becomes weak and faint as the nanobots have entered his body. the mother begs the alien to save her son, which clattu manages to do by containing the nanites in his own body. he looks at helen and tells her that the physicist was right about humans changing at the precipice, and proceeds to enter the cloud of nanobots, trying to disable them. clattu glows in a bright light and gets consumed by the nanites which triggers a large shock wave that disables everything around them. all the nanobots fall from the sky as everything electronic on the planet has become disabled as well. helen and jacob walks towards the park. as they stare at the sphere in amazement, the object levitates and eventually leaves earth, giving humans a second chance. so what do you guys think about this movie? let me know in the comments below. and if you like my video, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time. 