you need help catching up on the MCU after seeing that incredible infinity war trailer and don't know where to begin? don't worry, I got you covered. welcome to your favorite procrastination station, nerdy River. as always, I'm your host, Jordan Lewis. so as you may or may not know, thus far the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been divided into three phases. so to help you out, if you want to know how the heck to even begin watching Marvel films, or if you just want a brief recap in chronological order, here you go. so to begin, in phase one, came the introduction of Iron Man in 2008. this was a gamble by Marvel Studios because not many superhero films had been that successful up until this point, besides Bryan Singer's x-men and Sam Raimi spider-man films in the early 2000s, which was a completely different studio. now, before I get sidetracked, phase 1 of the MCU consisted mainly of origin stories, introducing fans both new and old to Iron Man in 2008. then we got the Incredible Hulk Iron Man 2 in 2010, which included the introduction of war machine and the badass edition of Black Widow, the Thor got his solo flick in 2011, which also introduced another member of the Avengers, Hawkeye. after this, to finally cap it off, pun intended, before the inevitable Avengers team-up, we got Captain America, the First Avenger. and ever since this epic post-credit scene in Iron Man in 2008, [Music], after four years of nerdy patience, the team-up everyone had been waiting for, the Avengers finally hit theatres. and even though they didn't initially quite get along, after some hilariously intriguing scuffles, they put their differences aside, suited up and got to work. [Music], the end of phase one tease an introduction to the big bad villain many superfans have been anticipating for years. ballestas first appearance was his big a cliffhanger as an Aquarius first announcement that he was putting a special team together. more importantly, phase two of the MCU brought more Infinity stones into play, which added fuel to the fire for many die-hard fans that enormous things were coming to the MCU. in comes face two in 2013, which began with Iron Man 3, the conclusion to the Iron Man trilogy. Thorat then got his sequel, endure the dark world. in 2014, the epic conspiracy riddled spy thriller Captain America, the Winter Soldier released, which also introduced the Falcon. in comes the guardians of the galaxy in the same year, a group of intergalactic criminals forced to work together, treating fans to an unforgettable cosmic road trip with an awesome soundtrack. in 2015, the Avengers once again teamed up in Avengers age of Ultron to battle against a ruthless artificial intelligence. now to end phase 2 of the MCU, came a hilarious heist film, introducing ant-man into the fold, also bringing in some very unique set pieces. after Avengers age of Ultron, Thor took it upon himself to take a much-needed break. I needed some me time, and I came to Australia, and that's when I moved in with Daryl. Daryl is an average, sort of everyday guy. now, I don't know if that's Canada or not, but in my mind it is. now currently, the MCU is on phase 3, which began in 2016. and thus far, we got the tense conclusion - Captain America's trilogy and Captain America Civil War, where heroes were finally being held accountable for a collateral damage and forced to sign a contract saying that they could only fight the battles that the government wanted them to. this, of course, led to disagreement amongst our favorite heroes and eventually an all-out war. this film also introduced spider-man into the MCU, and the badass king of Wakanda, Black Panther. personally, I think it was this that led to the Civil War. but hey, Captain America definitely took as well. not kids, I can't it was definitely this. the compass of war is that the last donut with red, white and blue sprinkles. what did I tell you? what happened if you ate? the last donut was red, white, blue sprinkles, little foggy on it. but I think it sucked like raining down hell fire. that's right. and Here I am without an umbrella. I feel a storm brewing. I hope I'm done. I profit. phase three of the MCU continued on, introducing the trippy world of Doctor Strange, who is a sorcerer who protects the earth from mystical threats. and this film also introduced another infinity stone, the time stone. after this, in 2017, once again, the guardians of the galaxy took off on another cosmic adventure to discover the secrets of star-lord, true parentage. after that came along Spider Man, homecoming in his first solo outing in the MCU, which followed your friendly neighborhood spider-man, adjusting back to his normal life. he even helps give directions and has time to work on his interrogation techniques. I heard you got a bridge. I know what a girl sound like. after his experience with the Avengers in Captain America Civil War, he finds himself only to prove himself worthy enough to be considered one of them. Marvel's most recent film, which is in the 80s right this second, is Thor Ragnarok, which is the conclusion to doors trilogy, and follows the Norse god of thunder being stranded on a gladiator like planet, where he's forced to battle the Hulk and later team up with allies both old and new, to save his planet from annihilation. a hilarious film. I highly recommend that if you haven't seen it yet, go check it out. just a couple of hotheaded fools. yes, same. I'll click fire. door like water, kind of post like fire, but a whole like raging fire. so I like smoldering fire. unfortunately, the next film of Mara was slate, I won't be coming in till February of 2018, which is my most highly anticipated film, probably of all time, if I'm being honest. and after his introduction in Captain America, Civil War, fans will be introduced to the world of akanda, following Black Panther as he adjust to his new role as king of the most technologically advanced nation in the world. trust the revolution will not be televised. [Music]. with most of the Infinity stones in play now, all except for the soul stone, and Thanos declaring he'll do it himself. all of these heroes coming together once again in Avengers infinity war is sure to make for an epic finale and a true all-out war. it's been quite the ride coming all the way from here to here. phase 3 won't end there though, with ant-man and the walks coming in 2018, followed by the introduction of Captain Marvel in 2019. after this, the second part of Avengers infinity war is set to be released in May of 2019, which will bring an end to phase 3 of the MCU. so tell me, what has been your favorite Marvel movie thus far, which need not particularly care for? and who do you guys and gals think will meet their demise in Fincher's infinity war? let me know down in the comment section below. thank you for watching, and don't forget to subscribe to see more content like this. until next time, never. River sang-gu, that's good question of the day. am i wearing pants? 