detective recapped here. today, i'm going to explain a drama, thriller film called pihu, which is based on a true story. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. based on a real life incident, this follows the story of a little girl, he who, who is left alone at home with various hazards surrounding her. pihu's mother, pooja, throws a party for her daughter's second birthday. although many of her friends have attended her party, pihu keeps asking for her father, gaurav, who's yet to arrive. when pihu awakes the next day, she keeps waking up her mother, asking for water, but she won't stir. she asks pooja where her father is, but she won't answer either. instead of waiting for her mother to wake up, pihu leaves the room and peeks downstairs, calling out for her father. when there's still no answer, he who decides to carefully go downstairs, counting every step she takes with her stuffed toy in her arms. pihu keeps wandering around the house, which is a complete mess from yesterday's party, who steps on some candies on the floor. but she shakes them off and takes the newspaper with her. as she's about to go upstairs, pihu hears a sound coming from the kitchen and sees that the faucet is left running. she calls out to puja again, trying to inform her that the tap is on, but there's still no response. using a woven stool, pihu tries to turn off the faucet, but she can't reach it. she hears another sound coming from somewhere else, so she just leaves the water running and gets out of the kitchen, not noticing the electrical wires and outlet on the floor. seeing that the television is on, pihu changes its channel and dances to the music, asking her unresponsive mother to join her. when she gets tired, pihu places the newspaper next to pooja's body, trying to show her the picture on the front page. pee who then begs her mother to wake up, saying she wants to play in the swing. but when pooja doesn't move, pihu puts on her mother's favorite show on the television before calling her again. wondering why her mother is deeply asleep. pihu tries tickling her feet, but she still won't budge upset piu starts crying, and she climbs on the bed to shake her mother's body, but all her efforts are futile. pooch's phone then starts ringing. as p who looks for it, she sees it on top of the shelves. without hesitation, pihu takes the woven stool from downstairs to the room, but when she gets back, the phone has already stopped ringing. pihu keeps trying to wake her mother up, and this time she's telling her she needs to use the bathroom without her mother's help. pee who puts her potty trainer on the toilet before pulling down her diaper so she can sit on the toilet and do her business. still wanting to get her attention, pihu tries to show puja that she got her finger dirty. when the phone rings again, pihu goes back to the stairs to retrieve the woven stool, p who places it in front of the shelf and stands on it. but still she can't reach the phone. pihu goes to the bathroom and plays with water, getting the floor all wet. after that, she brushes her teeth and puts her dirty underwear back on. but fails to put on her pajamas. frustrated, pu tosses her pajamas away, making them land on the iron board. pihu cries again and tries to shake puja awake, revealing the bruises on her face. with pihu sobbing on top of her mother's body, pooja drops a bottle of medicine on the floor. here her bruised arm can be seen, hinting at the domestic violence she must be experiencing. pihu looks at the scattered pills on the floor, wondering what they are. pee who picks them up one by one and puts them back inside the bottle, asking her mother if she can eat them. the phone rings once more, and pihu decides to climb the shelf to get it. just as p who finally manages to get the phone, she accidentally drops it, making it bounce under the shelf. as the phone lands on the floor, the answer button is pressed, leaving garf to think his wife has answered it. he then goes on a rant, asserting that pooja has made his life miserable. while piyu struggles to reach the phone, her father continues his tirade, blaming pooja for missing his flight to kolkata since she didn't pack his bags or iron his clothes. piss that pooja isn't responding, gareth tells her to go to hell before informing her that he forgot to turn off the iron in a hurry. when garv hears pihu crying, he tries talking to her, but he can't understand what she's saying, and eventually ends the call. when p who notices the bruises on her mother's face, she goes to the bathroom to look for pooja's cream, but can't find it there. pooja has written a farewell note on the mirror using her lipstick, blaming gara for her suffering and saying she wanted to take pihu with her too, but didn't have the guts to do it. pihu puts some lipstick on and shows her mother. then opens one of the drawers where she finds the cream. she applies it to her mother's face before applying a large amount to herself. when p who sees the iron smoking, she approaches it to turn it off. however, she doesn't know how, so she just snatches her pajamas from the iron board, which is already starting to burn. determined to turn off the iron, pihu keeps asking her mother how to do it as she goes around the iron board looking for the switch. unable to find it, heho touches the scorching hot iron and burns her hand, causing her to squeal in pain as she weeps. pihu goes on top of her mother until she falls asleep. pee, pihu wakes up, choosing to ignore the ringing phone. she tries waking up puja again, telling her she wants some milk. unsuccessful, she goes outside and tries reaching for her bottle of milk on another shelf, only to drop and spill it on the floor. pihu quickly cleans up the mess and goes to the kitchen where she reheats a piece of roti bread in the microwave. pihu sets the timer to 10 minutes and eventually burns the bread, leaving her to cook the roadie on the stove, which she burns too. starving, pee, who leaves the stove on, opens the refrigerator where she finds a leftover piece of cake to eat. after that, she removes the contents of the refrigerator and goes inside before finally closing its door. however, she quickly finds that she's struggling to get out, so she shakes the fridge, making the bottles of condiments on top of it fall and break, with the faucet and stove still on, and shards of glass line everywhere. pihu continues to eat on the floor and walk around the house barefooted. when a garbage collector comes, pihu tries to answer the door, but the man immediately leaves. meanwhile, in the kitchen, the sink is starting to overflow. worried about her mother, pee, who offers pooja her bread, telling her she must eat, she then plays with the balloons. and when one of them lands on the iron and pops, pihu starts playing with her other toys and the pills on the floor. instead, the phone rings again, and pihu finally manages to get it with a wooden ruler. pihu answers it and talks to her father, who's asking for puja. when pihu puts the phone in pooja's ear, garv tells her that he's already boarded his plane and will be unreachable for two hours. he then asks if she's already turned off the iron. but when his wife doesn't answer, garv gets mad. eventually, he admits that being late to pihu's party was his mistake. but he's still furious that they had to argue about it all night, and that pooja had to drag her friend meera into their problem. receiving no response from his wife, garav ends the call before p who could even talk to him. with no one to talk to, he who plays with her toy phone, which is caught in the iron board. when she fails to remove the knot, heho takes the toy phone with her and leaves the bedroom, causing the iron to fall flat on the iron board. as she watches television, the iron starts to smoke, causing a power outage. when the television turns off, pihu goes behind it to try and fix it, but she gets confused when she finds exposed electrical wires there. pihu touches the outlet and turns on the main switch, but still the television won't work. pihu then hears someone knocking. and when she peeks under the door, she sees and hears their neighbors talking about the electricity. the woman says the generator is getting fixed. and when the electricity comes back on, the man asks for pius family, saying he's come to deliver their milk, but no one is answering the door. the woman gets irritated and tells him she doesn't care, adding that the party at pihu's house kept her up all night. the man then asks if she can give the milk to pee, who's mother, but she rudely refuses. pee, who watches as the man gets on the elevator. and when he's gone, she just stays there on the floor with her doll until she falls asleep. pihu is awakened by the ringing phone. and when she's about to go upstairs to get it, she hears a beeping noise from the kitchen. suddenly, the water heater explodes, causing a loud bang inside the house. p who can only watch in fear as the water in the kitchen overflows. and meanwhile, their neighbors are starting to worry about the commotion. the guard informs the neighbors that he'll check what's happening, while pihu helplessly cries as she looks around her messy and dangerous surroundings. pihu then carries her doll upstairs and suddenly trips on one of the steps, but she just ignores it and continues making her way up. when the electricity came back on moments ago, the iron started working again too. but because it's burning the iron board once more, it causes yet another power outage, bort p who tells her mother she wants to play, and goes to the balcony to call her friends. and while she does, her doll accidentally falls over the railings. without realizing the danger she's in, pihu tries to reach for her doll, which eventually falls to the ground. she then goes back inside to asks for pooja's help, but her mother remains motionless. pihu returns to the balcony and starts climbing the railings, which serve as her only barrier from falling down several floors. as pihu reaches the top and leans over, one of her neighbors sees her and instructs her to carefully get down. the neighbor then alerts the guard to check on the little girl, while pivo finally gets back to safety. when the phone rings again, pihu goes back inside the room to answer it, and meera starts speaking, thinking that she's talking to pooja. mira asks her why she's behaving oddly. and when she doesn't answer, neera says she's coming over. pihu tries talking to her too, but meera can't understand piu's words, so she just says she'll see her soon. before ending the call, the power comes back on, and as it keeps fluctuating, one of the neighbors calls out the guard's attention again. with nothing else to do, pihu starts playing with her toys before watching with her mother's phone and sitting by the stair railings with her legs dangling over. she then goes back to the bedroom and starts going through her photo album. when she hears a car, pihu goes to the balcony to see if it's her father, but it's just one of their neighbors. garv calls once more, and when pihu answers it, gareth tells her to tell pooja he's sorry, before informing p who he's coming home the next day. he then says he'll call again after an hour. and when he ends the call, the phone beef says it needs to be charged. however, pihu just happily plays with the phone, wasting its remaining battery. when mira tries to call again, pihu rejects the call and continues playing. afterwards, pee who picks up the remaining pills on the floor and eventually falls asleep on top of her mother. pihu is awakened by another phone call, but it's just a woman from a salon offering their services. the woman quickly hangs up when no one talks back to her. and with the phone continuing to lose its battery, pihu asks her mother for food. when p who sees the floor cleaner, she starts thinking that it's milk, but while she's transferring it to her bottle, she accidentally spills everything. still hungry, pihu tries to breastfeed from her mother, but she gets frustrated when she fails to unbutton puja's shirt. meanwhile, meera sends puja a message saying she'll come over in the evening. instead, pihu cries out in hunger and frustration. and when she goes back downstairs, she sees that the house is already flooded. while walking around the house, pihu slips she sees some leftover food under the table. and with her desperation to stave off her hunger, she decides to eat them. as the poor girl eats, the neighbors arrive, and they keep knocking on the door, with nobody answering. they assume that pihu's family forgot to turn the tap off. they leave, and pihu returns upstairs with her leftover snack, missing her father's call. eventually, though, she finally answers the phone. and she asks her father to tell her a story. though garv keeps asking for pooja, pew insists that he tell her a story. first. her dad complies, but he stops when he hears pihu coughing. he instructs her to ask pooja for some medicine. but pihu says that her mother's gone and that she's in kolkata. confused, garf tells her that he's in kolkata, while puja is with her. from there, pihu keeps repeating that her mama's sleeping, much to garv's increasing concern. worried, garev tells pihu to stay on the line as he races back home. garv then makes a three-way call and asks meera to check in on his family, but his message goes straight to mirror's voicemail. when the call finally ends, fee who continues eating her food and even puts some in pooja's hand. at this point, flies are swarming pooja's body already. after putting some food in her mother's mouth, pihu asks if she can eat one of her pills. without waiting for an answer. pehu takes one pill and finds it disgusting. however, she continues to take more and more of the pills. after playing for some time, pihu slowly falls asleep, while the phone keeps ringing with her father's calls in the background. when the neighbors finally decide to break into pieu's house, garv arrives just in time to open the door. once inside, he frantically searches the burning and flooding house for his wife and daughter, afraid that something has happened to them. his fears come to life when he finds puja's lifeless body on the bed. he desperately begs for her forgiveness. and as he keeps looking around, he realizes that the iron has exploded. still looking for his daughter, he suddenly hears pihu calling out to him. and the distressed man finds her under the bed, playing and telling him that she's home. he who is confused about what's happening, but happy that her father is finally home. she then innocently asks her father to wake up her mother, making garo scream in agony. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 