listen. so without remorse is based on the 1993 novel by john clancy that follows one of the characters from the jack ryan franchise, known as john clark. and i remember back when willem dafoe was playing him in clear and present danger. revenge is a very, very, very dangerous motivation. now that amazon has the krazynski jack ryan series, they figured why not have the dude playing their ai also be a franchise spy? and michael b also executive produced and got stefano solima, who's worked on some pretty good shows, to direct it. so if you got any sicario vibes, it's because this is also the dude who directed the sequel. and even got taylor sheridan, who wrote both of them, to pen the script alongside the man who wrote modern warfare. three problem is, they took this very popular book, they got the name, but then decided to not adapt the book storyline at all. let me explain. now, in my opinion, the action sequences in this movie are decent enough that if you're watching it with the targeted demographics, that is dads, i'm sure it wouldn't be a bad rented but good thing it's streaming, because that's the best way to enjoy it, in my opinion. so go watch it on amazon prime, because we're going to get into full spoilers in this take. john kelly's a navy seal living in his lovely suburban home, fulfilling the american dream with lauren london. the problem is, is that the dream comes with a cost. pregnant, you should try it. oh, michael p would never gain those pounds, see, due to bad intel. the opening mission has him taking out russian military, which leads john kelly's team to be hunted down one by one, including his own family, which sets off this revenge story. they better hope he doesn't survive. the movie also stars jamie bell, who plays a cia officer who thinks he knows more than he does, while guy pierce plays the secretary of defense who pretends like he doesn't know as much as he does. my hands are tied. man should have left himself more mementos. but considering they got pert hanley covering the news in this world, i wouldn't be surprised if no one's really informed. let's begin the show by starting it. jody turner smith plays commander karen greer, who was swapped from the book. i know the show has wendell pierce playing james greer, so i don't know if they're going to eventually combine the entire ryan verse as it leads up to jim becoming president. but i had no idea, as i was researching this story, that there's never been a female navy seal, and the one woman who actually passed the rigorous training at the end decided to pass on becoming one. so they worked in movie magic with this one. jody was also filming this while pregnant, in her second trimester, so shout out to her, how come both times my world is gone as you're standing in the middle of it? i just wish they had conceived some better lines for her. but one thing that the movie did a fantastic job on that so many big budget ones just get off is delighting. i know michael b talked about the extra steps he's taken as producer to make sure that tones are captured correctly and running productions that tell updated stories, although i still think they should have kept it closer to the book, the vietnam storyline from the novel that deals with the pow camps alongside the mafia drug ring that smuggling heroin inside the corpses of american soldiers is completely axed from the movie. instead, it questions america and the optics that are set up for the cause. see, it turns out that secretary clay is behind it all. and the man was pulling in ozymandias, believing that america is strongest when we're united against a common enemy. and i guess he saw rocky iv and creed too, because he sees russia as the ultimate bout. see, he set up the entire thing so that both countries would find dead operatives on each other's soil, like those in michael b's house in the beginning, and then duping michael b and the team and the latter half of the movie to go overseas as a setup, so that then their bodies can raise tensions and cause another cold war. we served the country that didn't love us back. we fought for what america could be. and while the movie's dialogue goes deep in its references, it's the resolution that kind of strips it back, since it really is just putting the blame on this one individual, who, once he's gone i guess it's all better, honestly, when you look back at sheridan's scripts, this man really does end most of his stories by just pitting two groups against each other and then just calling it a day. you're gonna help us start a war with who everyone? now, while the story was okay, compared to what the novel offered, it really is all about the action for the movie, with michael b even doing his own stunts. there are several action pieces that i thought were pretty, pretty cool. but considering this isn't a superhero realm, like, they really didn't balance that gritty, real tone that they thought they were going for. like, i know that michael b likes his milk and has strong bones, but they were sneezing bullets into this man, and then he's just up and walking again, faster than the shipping on your amazon package. like, they really made this man. one of the highlights that they kept touting was a bit where there's a burning car, and he actually walks into it while it's lit. i turned it down to fire for me a little bit, a lot, a bit. i mean, yeah, it looks cool. i i don't really know how it uh pertains to the story too much. but like he had just drenched himself in alcohol prior to this bit, so i feel like he literally would have turned into the human torch making this one hell of a reunion. you know, i'm not just blowing smoke because that would be an easy thing to do. um, you know, because he's my producer. i do think michael b is a dope action star, and he carries a fantastic screen presence with him. it's just the moments where they stop the movie to tell you that he is just that, it makes it kind of lame. you comedian, is that it? no, no, no. he's just a bit of a smart ass. no, that's not right. i'm the smartest. yeah, he's, uh, he's more badass. oh, i wish detention in scenes like when he's trapped in jail weren't undercut by a call that just gets him out. when he finally hunts down the bad guy, who is the literal, literal inverse of him, he just so happens to be strapped with explosives, and kelly just hides behind a wall, and he's okay. there are a lot of cool sequences. i just wish he had a bigger impact that said, it's clear that he's making himself the brand. and more power to him, as he even finds way to call back his past works. these are the pawns, and they like the soldiers. so how do you get to be the king? i'll show them what a pawn could do to a king. overall, i think the action is choreographed very well, even if it is executed in a way that makes the stakes feel so low. but i think that prime has a good cast and crew to make a really great action franchise. they just definitely should be honoring the books a bit more, if those are the literal stories that you're hyping up to bring fans in, calling it rainbow. okay, alexa, make sure michael b doesn't switch it up too much. thank you all for watching this video, and i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. uh, personally, i think coleman domingo needed more screen time. man just needs more roles. in general. i think he would be a great voice actor, but even in this franchise, he should be coming back. i know the after credit's a lewd two-way sequel, which i think they already signed a deal for and where he's joined the cia. he's with jamie, and he's even more secretive than he was before, since he's supposed to be dead and is now a ghost. but when you're dealing with rainbow six, like even the posters, right, like they're telling you, without remorse comes from the guy who did rainbow six. yeah, it also comes with the guy who wrote without remorse. so obviously, rainbow six is, is going to be really hyped up, like i feel everybody about that game. and since michael b's a gamer, i'm sure he's stoked for it. but when you're dealing with a franchise that's this big, you can't fumble it for the fans. you know, they are looking forward to something, and you can't switch it up too much. and you know, they got a good team. i just hope they keep it right. i really do like the moves that michael b's been making. you know, he's getting behind the scenes, which makes a lot of sense. and he's even going to be directing soon with the creed movie. and supposedly, he's even bringing static shock to the big screen. so i'm excited for what he has in store. jody's also got that new coconado movie that she's working on, which, oh, i'm super stoked for. but i'm curious for the clancy fans, how you all want to see the franchise be expanded upon with prime behind it. let me know your theories, thoughts, anything else. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like, subscribe. michael b will rock you to sleep. 