Liss and this thing has the dialogue of the room with the budget of men and black international. for some reason, obviously, it's meant for fans of such cinematic classics as these, so much so that the Fifty Shades Club collectively came together to support it. so know that, yeah, this is practically porn up on Netflix. so if you can't describe your history, be careful take talks when going crazy. Fritz humped its way up to the top ten list. but the craziest part is it's a trilogy. let me explain. so a big spoiler warning as well as a TT I pointing right here, like the title says, cuz, well, I'm warning you. we begin in the Mediterranean Sea with the Sicilian family who's dealing with human trafficking. which, it's terrible, until you realize that that's the entire premise of the movie. so what do you actually do during a deal gone wrong? Massimo's pop pop gets popped. but legit. this dude was staring at a woman out on the beach when that happened. and now he thinks it's fate to find her, so he literally searches for her around the globe that lady who, for whatever reason, was on his epstein island. is named it Laura, who on a bday trip with her crappy, cheating boyfriend, the sites are going to walk, and gets kidnapped by Massimo so that she can fall in love with him. are you lost? [ __ ], I yes. a tail is oldest time now. remember, his father died because he didn't want to make a deal with this mob who was trafficking women. and now he's trafficking women. this man has a drawing of her up in his room. he's drugged her, tied her up, but he's still claiming, I won't do anything without your permission. don't provoke me. much used to tolerating disobedience. yes. manners, you know, I think, you, you you got wrong. we try to to base the character on someone who's, who has sex addict them. so basically, even the expression, I had to actually build a character based on the signals, you know, someone who's always thinking about the sex. someone who always tried to get out, take out his anger, you know, through the sex, right? he's also a criminal. a type of movie he's describing that's called shame, starring Michael Fassbender, directed by Steve McQueen. and that really gets into the psyche of someone who is suffering from this addiction. you know, this is editor, like a lifetime erotic fan cam. sure, he's resisting the urge, but like, there's still an Amber Alert out on her. this is like that 13 reasons why version of that story made for horny moms. you're not questioning his disorder. you're just wondering how they got away with shooting this. my question is, how the [ __ ] did it happen? once they're together, he makes her proposal. you have 365 days they do anything, so you can't fall in love with me, you know, cuz he's a gentleman, he lets it be her decision by keeping her captain till the earth does a full loop around the Sun. every day, I have this image in front of my eyes. my heart stopped. I saw you, you know, all those supermarket moms who pause down that aisle dream of hearing this line, my art stuff, I saw you. come to think of it, you can pass on like a bunch of any frame in this movie, and it looks like one of those book covers. and I'm assuming that this is also what those audiobooks sound like to it wasn't an offer, it was an order, a sense of me. I'm not a bag of potatoes that you can transfer without my permission. well, people want to deem it literature, you know, break down with a psyche of a troubled mogul. y'all know 100 percent. will you sell it while you're looking at it? do you want to? as stupid as the story is, people are eating this up like the stewardess did his corn on the cob on the plane. obviously the entire cast hasn't eaten a carb since the last election. so, yeah, they're all gorgeous. then you take the fact that her being locked up, it's the equivalent of a good fella being locked up. she's going on shopping sprees. she's traveling internationally with, let's just call him a linguist. so whenever she tries to tease him, he teases her back by literally strapping her up and bringing in another girl so she can see what she's missing. and Laura starts staring at him like a senior citizen doesn't Cosco samples. and then this happens. he's straight closer like it's Mortal Kombat. honestly, a lot of the sound design is so over the top, it's like they wanted you to experience it in Dolby Atmos. eventually, she does fall for him, and it doesn't take even 65 days, mainly because they have an arguments on a boat where he actually saves her life. was he also the cause of her falling? yes. but she falls for him, on him, over him, and they practically set sails and every part of this boat, which is weird considering this man was also on board this tiny yacht. after two months, she's ready to marry him. they picked out the whole venue with a dress. she's even pregnant. I'm so grateful that you're alive, but in same time I want to kill you. well, the movie ends with a rival game taking her. so maybe, like I said, this is actually a trilogy, and the author is also the screenwriter for the movies. since Massimo did pull guns out on the rival gang in the first that makes the sequel probably like an extraction movie of sorts, where he's gonna go rescue her, probably do it in the bad guys lair. and then climax for the third now, the final one is still in Polish. I don't think have been translated, but I hear that Massimo has to make a decision between the baby and Laura when a shot goes off. so they've already put a lot of boundaries. and Netflix, you know, it's gonna upload anything. so really, it's just a matter of time before we get all three, and they continue the series with a spin-off and the most physical crossover of all time. do you have checking out this video? curious to know your thoughts on this movie, what your funniest line reaction is. I know a lot of people didn't react into this on Twitter, and literally made it to the top 10, which is crazy to think. I know people been getting 6 feet apart, but like, I mean, yo, they're craving that intimacy. I would highly recommend shame if you think that this is who he's supposed to be saying anything. shame is that movie I highly recommended. great performances all around, great direction, everything. go watch shame if you feel you are in the mindset of Massimo. but yeah, it's interesting to see what the other ones are gonna be considering. you know, when you look at the behind the scenes, they they had as much fun as the people watching it. it seems so, we'll see where it goes. curious to know any other recommendations that you have out there. you know that there's been, you know, shift in the top tens. any other streaming movies from any other services as well? let us know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and keep your location on so you don't get a little spooky girl, 