[Music]. the film begins by showing a director of a federal bank who is in a car heading for his office. when he got out of his car, he was seen being chased by reporters who asked him about financial problems. a group of people in front of the computer was seen watching the bank director. surprisingly, the bank director was suddenly shot when he was about to enter the office. the group of people in front of this computer immediately spread the news about it. the news of the death of the director of the federal bank had spread so that the stock market suddenly crashed. and it turned out that they were all planning it. the scene continued showing two people leaving the room and getting into the car. and suddenly two people approach wearing masks. the man named alex was pulled out, and it wasn't long before he was seen in prison. the film also flashed backs to 15 years earlier, about alex's family. they are a small immigrant family from ukraine to canada for a new life, living in a small town in london. all immigrants expectations of a good life do not live up to expectations. this family is experiencing financial difficulties. a little alex doesn't have many friends, only his mother's computer for entertainment. he can access all the information on the internet. he also opened a site to learn programming code. it spurred him to go to college. a strong desire to go to college will not come true if you expect it from your parents. he had to save up for his own college. he also started collecting coffers of money by clicking on advertisements on the internet as his income. and this trick was done by changing the ip address on his computer so that he could easily collect many clicks from these ads. it didn't take long for him to get his first check for 1000 clicks and get paid 20. his skills are continuously honed and the way the world works, especially the financial world. alex also learns about system vulnerabilities. the scene shows him hearing his parents fighting. he looks down and decides to go to a coffee shop. news on television reported about a cyber attack carried out by a group of hackers on the dark web, led by zedd. after that, alex returns to his house and finds his mother crying and asking about what happened. his mother showed him a letter from the bank, which contained his mother's dismissal. he was worried that if they couldn't pay their monthly bills, their house would be confiscated. alex went to his room and gave all the money he had saved for college. he gave the money to his mother to pay bills from the bank so their house would not be confiscated. of course, alex was very upset that the bank had fired his mother. the money that had accumulated over the years for college had finally gone to pay for their house. alex had to start all over again. and he again tried to make money on the internet. and opened the dark website of an online hacker group that was often talked about on television lately. a requirement needed to enter there is to steal a credit card. alex steals data from a schoolmate who uses his father's credit card. alex also leaked the data to the dark web and asked someone from the internet about how to get money. people on the dark web told him to sell illegal laptops that were shipped in packages. he had to find a suitable buyer. and alex started selling illegal goods sent by someone on the dark web. within a month, he managed to collect a lot of money to go back to college. alex, who has enough provisions. he said goodbye to his parents and went to the city for college. he rented an apartment there. now alex can also buy a credit card that is used to buy luxury goods on the black market. because alex has moved up the ranks on the dark website. he ended up buying a rolex watch and trying to resell it at a jewelry store in chinatown. however, he did not manage to sell any of the clocks. someone approached him from outside the shop, and the person was named sai. sai wanted to try selling alex's watch to a shop that refused him earlier. sai wants a 30 share if he manages to sell alex's watch. sai went into the shop and sold alex's watch, which he himself knew was a stolen watch. he offered to the shopkeeper and went out the back door. alex asked how psy could do that. sai promised to teach him if alex told him how to get the watch. the two of them finally worked together to sell illicit goods to several customers. shortly, in the end, they both get so much money from the sale of illicit goods. back in the scene where alex is in prison, he asks for five minutes to use the internet, but the prison keeper ignored it. the scene shows back to the previous time. alex gave up his intention to go to college. he wanted to do something even bigger, so he called psy again. alex wants to teach a corrupt banker a lesson. psy has relationships in various services, and he asks his friends to take photos of their customers credit cards. sai also took alex to his friend's strip club. his friend gave him an unlimited credit card. they intend to use the credit card only once, because it is too risky to use it repeatedly. they also launched the action and managed to take the money on the card and continue to go to the party. relax, we're in the money. [Music]. the next morning, alex has an idea to take revenge on banks who fired his mother. he also asked for psy's help to launch his revenge. the two of them set off for the canadian international bank. alex will pretend to be a new customer and go to one of the customer services. not long after chatting he pretended to drop the pen. alex installed a flash drive on the computer, and it didn't take long for the employee's computer to crash. alex rushed off and said he would come back later. when he left the bank, the bank security asked him to come back because there was a security problem. psy, who chased after him, was also arrested by the bank's security. curtis, the head of bank security, came and ordered psy to get out of the room. he shows alex's pen drive and asks where he got it from. alex didn't want to divulge where he got the flash disk from. alex finally spoke because curtis threatened him to report it to the police. alex said about the vulnerability of the system at the bank and the loopholes that the virus could easily enter. psy, who was waiting outside, was finally able to see alex, who came out without being restrained, invisibly. here, alex may have leaked the ins and outs of the dark web to curtis. this is because curtis easily frees alex. and curtis seems to have plans against alex. another scene shows curtis offering a job to a female inmate. this female inmate is named kira. kira is forced to accept a job from curtis because she wants her criminal record to be erased. curtis does clearly have plans for alex, and especially about the dark web. alex is at home. he gets a lot of messages from the dark web, and looks happy when zed likes him. scy gives alex a date via the dark web. there is someone who wants to meet him the next morning. that night, they met, and the woman that alex visited turned out to be kira. they talked until psy called and told alex to ask kira to help him. alex also asked kira if he wanted to join them. the three of them gathered at alex's house. kira shows a device for printing and stealing informations from credit cards. in addition, she also teaches the origins of bitcoin. the three of them began to carry out their actions, ranging from buying jewelry to sports cars using stolen credit cards. over time, kira took the initiative to sell his watch alone. psy suspects kira because she can sell all his goods quickly. kira only replied that he was helped by his uncle, who had many business connections. even when selling a ferrari, kira can sell it easily and make says suspicion of kira even bigger. psy also asks alex, if kira can sell everything himself, why she needs them both? alex also tells sai that he is only jealous of kira because she can sell everything so easily. after making the sale, kira spoke to alex and asked him to move to hong kong. kira intends to leave sai so the two of them can make a new experiment. however, alex said that he could not leave psy alone. sai, who was sleeping, overheard their conversation. they traded illicit goods with bigger people. the next day, psy, who took part in the transaction, was worried because he did not know who he was transacting with, and thought all this was too risky. when they wanted to make an agreement, there was a commotion between psy and kira, which resulted in the cancellation of the agreement with the buyers. kira goes and gets angry with sai for destroying the transaction. that night, when they are at alex's apartment. they see the police checking their truck. alex plans to leave this place because the police have been stalking them. sai suggested going to hong kong. they went and rented an apartment there, and again launched the action, until one day, their stolen credit card was discovered by the shop owner. the three of them ran before the police arrived. when they look for new buyers. at night in the apartment, sy invites them to celebrate something for his birthday. the three of them went to a nightclub. the scene shows a scene of having fun at the club, until the scene where sai ends up fighting with the man in the place. sai and alex ended up languishing in the hong kong police station. then kira guaranteed them to be released. when asked what happened, she only replied that it was his uncle who helped them. in the morning, kira, who is with alex, shares her idea about the robbery of an atm. sai also came and gave some money from the sale of the goods he had done. he buys and resells goods, as he did in canada. sai told him that he used an unlimited credit card. alex, knowing this, was angry with sai because they had promised not to use the card again. moreover, sai used the credit card without any disguise. alex kicked him out and told him to get out of there. sai also left them. kira and alex commit the theft at the atm. the next day. they withdrew cash from all the atms and left business cards that said dark web television reported about atm robbery in hong kong. a little argument between alex and kira in the apartment. kira wants to end everything and live in peace, while alex doesn't want everything to stop, because the bank has robbed his parents and they have to get punished. suddenly, at the same time, there was a notification on alex's laptop. zed contacts alex and congratulates him on his success in robbing the atm. alex wants to have a meeting with zedd, but zedd refuses. alex also got a call that seemed to be from zedd. the next morning, they both went by car to somewhere, and they both finally met zedd. zed looks like a [ __ ] and sits in a wheelchair. several questions were asked to find out why alex wanted to meet zed. alex reveals a plan that will make a lot of money, but zed doesn't care about money anymore. alex also wants to ask zedd for help so that his plan can go well. zedd says that he doesn't want anything wrong, because if he works with him and something goes wrong, then their friends and family will be killed. as they both leave, alex gets a missed call from sai saying he's sorry and wants to rejoin sai also said that he would wait for them at the hotel. when alex and kira arrive at the hotel, they both find sai dead in the bathtub. sai's murder was carried out by a colombian who knew that his credit card was used by sai. if sai doesn't return to the hotel, alex and kira will be killed. the incident made them both go far away by plane. they both went and did some work with zed. zed had already prepared a team, and they were just waiting for orders from him. and again, kira invites alex to go after all this is over, the scene is like in the beginning of the film, shown again, where the director of the world bank is heading to his office. kira here is seen talking to someone who seems to be curtis. curtis intends to arrest zed and sue him for trafficking and fraud. kira wants herself and alex to be safe, but curtis says that he will never see alex again. another scene shows zedd contacting someone. he intends to disrupt the stock market. they is, in this group, preparing to launch an attack on the director of the federal bank. kira didn't want to do that, but alex reassured kira. you see the director of the federal bank getting out of the car and getting shot. after that incident, this group also made a news about the shooting of the director of the federal bank. zedd distributes money to alex for successfully carrying out his plan. elsewhere, you see a man on the hunt who turns out to be the real director of the world bank. and the one who gets shot turns out to be an errand man from zed, which causes the stock market to crash. when alex and kira leave the place, he is kidnapped and taken away from there, he wakes up and is in a building with a broken laptop. alex got out of the place and went by taxi. alex also tries to contact zed and kira, but the connection has been lost. alex decided to go to bangkok because kira had told alex the place where they would meet again. alex and kira once promised to meet somewhere they didn't expect. he waited for kira every day, but never came. alex also kept trying to contact his parents, but there was no answer. in the afternoon, alex went to an internet cafe. alex used a stolen credit card that he had previously used to rent the internet cafe. when he opened the dark website, it turned out that the site had been closed by the government. the cafe keeper found that alex's credit card could not be used for transactions. it is because the card is a duplicate. the cafe keeper also called the police. meanwhile, alex finds news reporting about zedd and kira's arrests. the news also reported that kira was shot dead for trying to escape the fbi. alex couldn't believe what was happening. the police came and arrested alex for credit card fraud. alex went to prison in thailand. alex still believes that kira is not dead. it answers the question why. at the beginning of the film, alex tries to ask prison keeper for internet access for only five minutes. alex wants to make sure that kira is still alive. however, unfortunately, alex was not given the opportunity to access the internet in prison. after two years, alex was released from prison. after getting out of prison, he saw kira, who picked him up. and it turned out that kira was still alive. the news on the internet about kira's death turned out to be a hoax, and the film was finished. this film does not actually show in detail about hacking. however, it shows the art of forging credit cards for transactions. when viewed in terms of storyline, this film is exciting and interesting to enjoy. 