[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna cover the companion piece to the Hellfest video, tobe Hooper's 1981 film, the funhouse. similar premise, but with more of a monster vibe halfway through. let's get to it. the movie starts with a POV shot in the child's bedroom, which is decked out with the finest horror decor. the scene plays out over heavy breathing, gloved hands and then some sort of sex wall, which seems questionable. the hand makes its selections before visiting a young lady in the bathroom. I assume she's an adult, but she looks disturbingly young in this scene. tobe definitely made some choices here. she continues to loofah as he creeps up and rips open the curtains. struggling with her in a psycho esque scene, he stabs her slowly as she resists, but is unable to prevent the attack. but we kind of found this was just an epic prank. I guess congratulations are in order. although this particular prank involved a lot of steering at the parts that make your sister a lady. she marches down the hall to tell him what foreign gets double pranked, which sets her off. not only is she not going to escort him to the carnival, but she also vows revenge at a later, unspecified time. amy finishes getting ready, while her dad warns her against the carnival, who to some girls gone missing couple years back, while her mom trashes her dating choices. thanks guys. be back never. when she gets in the car with buzz, she does take her dad's suggestion to heart and asks if they can hit a movie instead. but he doesn't like that, and doesn't seem like the type of guy to take no for an answer. they pick up Liz and Richie and prepare for an enhanced carnival experience. in the meantime, Joey is determined to meet up with his fellow horror freaks and sneaks out of the house. this happens Raz the others make it to the carnival. buzz and Amy share an intimate handshake and head in, where buzz grunts out his insecurities, and they all partake in a variety of classic carnival activities. Liz and Amy take a break in the scuzzy bathroom where they're accosted by a bag lady, yeah, but from a distance. she gives a knowing nod, and then proceeds to drop a disturbing deuce. Joey gets confronted by a man in a truck who asks if he needs a ride before drawing down on him with a shotgun. pranked. the teens check out the tent of oddities, delighting in nature's mistakes is presented by the local chapter of their 4-h club. another prank unfolds when buzz rubs his bloody finger along Richie's upper lip. man, carnivals are so much fun. as they decided what to do next, the titular funhouse, barker shows his worth by really selling the experience. but there will be no escape. and then Joey arrives at the burlesque tent. Mona gyrates lamely, while her Barker, Kaiser, yeah, sort of. Amy finds herself titillated, but not enough to pay for a ticket. the gang takes up the rear and gets in some good peeping. when Liz rounds a blind corner, she bumps into an errant pisser and drops her carnival treat into his puddle. they run him off, and find themselves back in front of the fun house, where buzz gets the killer idea of spending the night inside. the ladies, not wanting to give the appearance of ill repute, make the necessary calls to lie about their whereabouts. Joey catches up with them, and I'm serves, as they enter the funhouse over a period of time, he recognizes they should have been out by now, but never appear. even after the power gets turned off and the cleaning crew comes through. inside the funhouse, the pair's barely make it to first and second base, respectively, before they hear a noise and choose to break it up. lights come on below them, and they observe a strange scene to the floorboards. Frankie's involved in a financial transaction with the carnival fortune teller. he manages to come up with the proper denomination, and they get down to business. masks on, he finds himself prematurely off' using and not having a second round in him, becomes upset at the now apparent cost to activity ratio. things escalate quickly, ending with a violent throat hug that both kills her and jumps all the lights in the joints the group decides this isn't as cool and fun as they thought, and they attempt to head out downstairs. they find the door locked. while Richie takes a detour to verify the deadness of the corpse, which checks out. they end up back at their prior location, watching a new scene below. Frankie brings his father back to show him what he's done. upset, he gives Frankie a thinkin slap as he laments the damage that can result from a subpar hand job. he comes up the plane to dump the body and blame it on the locals. when they attempt to return the money, they find the lock box empty. thrown into a rage, daddy goads Frank into beating himself and ripping off his mask, revealing his terrible face. Ritchie drops his lighter, alerting their presence. father asks a question, apparently to no one in particular. and since coming down is the only way out, the group finds themselves in a pickle, no way out, and Richie's got their money. thanks a lot, dick. as they work on this, we see Joey looking for a way in and getting snatched inside. the group is startled when a spooky skeleton springs up. in the confusion, Richie is somehow Allah Sood with a noose and pulled into the rafters. outside, we see that Joey was in good hands with this tendr\xc3\xa1 carny, who called in his parents to show how good he done. inside, a cart with a figure comes down the tracks. buzz goes in both hard and bind, burying his axe into the back of what they discover to be Richie's head. Liz's overcome and follows him partway down the track before falling into the pit of despair. ami steps away for some fresh air and sees her parents outside, but her screams are in vain due to the excess ambient noise, and she's forced to watch helplessly as they drive away. Liz wakes up in a ventilation shaft and finds herself slowly confronted by Frankie. she attempts to lure him in with her feminine wiles, although her definition of good appears to require calibration, as she stabs him when he moves in for a warm embrace. but he ultimately gets the upper hand on her. meanwhile, Amy and Buzz are confronted at gunpoint by daddy. buzz pounces at the first opportunity, but he didn't account for his carny strength. he still manages to push him into a sward, confirming they should really tone down their props. as buzz looks for the keys, he finds out they are a family that hugs. and then he is pounced upon by Frank. amy starts to run, but has second thoughts. however, when buzz appears, it confirms her first instinct was correct. she finds herself overwhelmed by a symphony of sensory stimuli. she runs and climbs around, finding herself in the belly of the haunts. she again stares and crawls around for no good reason before just kind of giving up. are you no longer having fun? Frank jumps down and they get into it, with her eventually hitting him with a crowbar, but to no real effect. she eventually wins on a technicality when he succumbs to a sequence of clear code violations. she stands around some more, bearing witness to the carnage. she then wanders out into the Morning Sun and stumbles off amidst the weirdos. and that was the funhouse. a fun and interesting movie that also has a lot of standing around and gawking, but not necessarily to its detriment. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 