welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about howell's moving castle. sophie, a young milliner, encounters a wizard named howell on her way to visit her sister letty. upon returning home, she meets the witch of the waist, who transforms her into a 90 year old woman, seeking to break the curse. sophie leaves home and sets off through the countryside. she meets a living scarecrow whom she calls turnip head. he leads her to howl's moving castle, where she enters without invitation. she subsequently meets howell's young apprentice, markle, and a fire demon named calcifer, who is the source of the castle's magic and movement. when howl appears, sophie announces that she has hired herself as a cleaning lady. in truth, calcifer made a deal with sophie to break her curse if she breaks his link with howell. meanwhile, sophie's nation is caught up in a war with a neighboring kingdom who is searching for their missing prince. the king summons howl to fight in the war. however, hal decides to send sophie to the king under the pretense of being his mother, to tell him that howl is too much of a coward to fight. before leaving, he gives sophie a charmed ring that leads her to calcifer and guarantees her safety. sophie meets sullivan, the king's advisor, and also the witch of the waste, whom solomon punishes by draining all of her power and reverting her to her true age, that of a harmless old woman. solomon warns sophie that howl will meet the same fate if he does not fight for the king. and so howl arrives to rescue sophie. solomon tries to trap him by turning him into a monster, but with sophie's help, he remembers himself and just barely avoids death. the duo escapes along with the former witch of the waste and solomon's dogheen. in the meantime, soldiers from each kingdom break into the homes of both jenkins and pendragon, howl's aliases in those kingdoms. however, the men only find an empty courtyard and warehouse, as the castle's magic nature allows travel between four separate residences. sophie learns that howell's life is somehow bound to calcifers, and that howl has been transforming into a bird-like creature to interfere with both sides in the war. but each transformation makes it more difficult for him to return to human form. how then has the castle magically linked to sophie's home, parking the castle itself on the town's outskirts. a few days later, the town is bombed by enemy aircraft, and solomon's henchmen attacked the house and sophie's hat shop. howell heads out to protect the group. sophie then moves everyone out of the house and removes calcifer from the fireplace, which collapses the castle. the witch of the waist realizes that calcifer has howl's heart and grabs the fire demon setting herself on fire. sophie panics and pours water onto the witch, which douses calcifer. the remainder of the castle then splits in two. sophie falls down a chasm and is separated from the group. following the charmed ring, sophie wanders into a scene from the past where she sees a young howl catch a falling star calcifer and give him his heart. sophie calls for them to find her in the future. as she is teleported away. she returns to the present, finds howl, and they reunite with the others. the witch returns howell's heart, and sophie places it back inside howl, reviving him and freeing kalcifer. though he decides to stay. sophie's curse is broken, though her hair remains white, a symbol to show that her learning and maturity from the whole experience are intact. after she kisses turnip head on the cheek, he returns to human form, revealing himself to be justin the missing prince from the enemy kingdom. he reveals that only his true love's kiss can break his curse. after seeing sophie's affection lies with howl, he promptly heads for home to cease the war. solomon, watching through a crystal globe, also decides to end the war. as the bombers fly away, sophie, howell and the others travel high in the air in a new flying castle. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos you 