[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it, so you don't have to marvel. have just dropped some amazing news on guardians of the galaxy three that looks set to shake up the MCU in several ways. this comes in the form of beta ray bill news outlive. we got this covered, broke the story yesterday. and if you're a huge Thor fan, and this is definitely the kind of news that you've been hoping for. whilst the background of Thor has been pretty heavily covered in the MCU films, fan favorite be array has always been missing from the movies. but guardians 3 is said to rectify this. the character was originally meant to cameo in Ragnarok. however, at the time, Marvel Studios had Kevin Feige said that his brief appearance was cut because it didn't do him justice. bogey is said to have stated, if you can't do it justice, do it later. and it looks like guardians 3 is the perfect time for this. for those who don't know, builds life, force and consciousness were transferred by scientists of his race into a body of an alien carnivorous feast that had been Bionic, Lea restructured into a cyborg. the horse looking creature has been mounted on a similar costume to Thor, and is also wielded Stormbreaker in the comics. he possesses vast superhuman strength, speed, stamina and durability and a highly extended lifespan. not only is he one of the best hand-to-hand buyers in the MCU, he's also able to go toe-to-toe with Thor, which makes him a great character to bring into the universe. now, from here or now, it's full spoilers ahead for Avengers and game, so if you haven't seen it yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but at the end of that film, we saw Thor leaving new Asgard with the guardians of the galaxy. and whilst we never got confirmation that the character would be in their next outing, for me, this pretty much confirms it. there's really no other reason to bring Bill into the film if Thor isn't with them. and I'm so hyped that the characters will now be part of the same movie. I can see Bill probably starting off as a villain before joining the group and maybe even becoming a close ally of Thor's similar to Korg. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this breaking news. and if you're excited to see the character makers big MCU debut, comment below and let me know. and if you want to see more Marvel breakdowns, then make sure you check out my Avengers endgame playlist, which will be linked at the end. it covers all the big questions, like how the paradoxes and the film's work, and how black widows death can be reversed. so it's definitely worth checking out. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. but thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 