welcome to the iron bank. please sit. this is Stannis of the house Baratheon. and do you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold more than any man living? when Tywin's gone, who do you back? there's only one reliable leader left in Westeros, Stannis. no more of your men will die. you've got bigger bulls. he makes this hip. now you're proven. my brother's desk. those creatures who came in the night, they wanted to take you away, and you didn't let them. you remained loyal. Tyrion of the House Lannister, stand accused for the Queen regent of regicide. it's no trial, too fast. Cersei has manipulated everything. you know it. Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. he'll plead for mercy. I'll allow him to join the Nights Watch and to be found guilty. oh, you think so? when you are, you need to enter a formal plea for mercy enough to be sent to the wall. fathers agreed to it. crown may call its next witness. I know that he's guilty. he and Sansa planned together. he stole poison from the grand maesters chamber to put in Joffrey's wine. she please do. I am a [ __ ]. I will not give my life for Joffrey's murder. and I know I'll get no justice here. so I will let the gods decide my fate. I demand a trial by combat. couldn't, couldn't listen to her standing there telling her lies. Brown fought for me once. he'll do it again. who does Cersei plan on naming as a champion? so Gregor, welcome to the capital. Muncey's army was closing in on Craster's keep when we left. we need to prepare. we've been preparing. we can't defend the gate against 100,000 men. this castle has stood for thousands of years. the tunnels gate won't stop them. the bars on those gates are four inches thick, cold rolled steel, and they won't stop them. if I gave you the choice between [ __ ] Lolly's and fighting the mountain, you'd have your britches down and your [ __ ] up before I could blink. is he frightening you so much? actually, a bloody fool. if he didn't frighten me, he's freakish, big and freakish strong. why should I risk it? justice, for my sister and her children. if you want justice, you've come to the wrong place. I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children. there will be your champion. [Music], I know what you did. you kissed him. you kissed Peter, didn't you don't understand. so you you can't lie to me, because I saw it with my own eyes. I have only loved one woman, only one my entire life, your sister. if they hit moles town and we're next, I'll do 102 men, stop 100,000. remember what you are and what you're not. bring me moat Cailin. if we yield, we live. is that what he says on this paper here? yes, you didn't really think I'd let them go? did you lose? thank you. you spied on her. have you told her? I wanted to tell you first. you'll never be alone with her again. you have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. if you found in Mereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into slavers Bay. moat Cailin is yours father. from this day until your last day, you are Ramsay Bolton, son of Roose Bolton warden. of the north. and they told you who I am, some good man. I am the brother of Elia Martell. I'm going to hear you confess before you die. her name. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music], it's time. [Music] now down. [Applause]. [Music], Serena's just fallen. the castle won't stand much longer. [Music], besides, I've had enough for one night. [Applause], one to five months. the Walden army is only an army because their months, you're going to kill it. I'm gonna try. I've been sent to negotiate with you. attacking. awesome. oh, it's like you simply don't have the men destroy him when yellow came from the sky, end. [Applause], here's a three-eyed Raven. how do you know? I've been watching you, all of you, all of your lives. you are a star. she's not coming with you. she's you're gonna die. I'm gone. what are you doing? what do you think I'm doing? golly. he's waiting in the bay boundary city. who's helping you? feriss. ferriss, get more friends in your thought. [Music], the three city of Braavos, wait, I have something else. how did you [Music]. 