first off, yeah, if you're watching this and you're from disney, don't strike the channel. please, just send me a message on twitter. i'll take the video down. i know that's probably not going to happen yet, but i swear on the child's life, i'll just remove it. i love you, mickey. anyway, this is the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and this video we're breaking down the apparent plot leaks for the mandalorian season 2, episode 5. now else i can't confirm these for definite until the episode airs on friday. these leaks come from multiple sources, and all seem to line up, hence why i'm doing the video. take them with a pinch of salt, but you should know pretty shortly whether they're true or not. i'm taking a big gamble here dropping them so closely to the release date. but, but dude, bro, trust me. now, obviously there will be heavy spoilers here, and we'll be revealing the child's name, it's apparent origin story and what happens with ahsoka. if they're true, then these are very, very big leaks. so this is your last chance to back out. anyway, without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the breakdown. okay, so episode 5 is going to be called the jedi, and it will have a run time of about 58 minutes, making it the longest mandalorian episode ever. it's for a good reason too, as we very much get a lot of things filled in, which i think you'll enjoy as we go through the breakdown. according to the leaks, we pick up on corvus with ahsoka fighting with her to lightsabers. she's combating several armed forces carrying blasters and chops them up amongst the trees. these have invaded kaladin, and ahsoka is trying to take it back, but there are a large number of soldiers in it, so it's a bit difficult for her to swarm them all at once. the lightsabers are apparently white, and it's meant to be a big entrance for the first time that we get these weapons in the show. now, according to the leaks, ahsoka looks exactly how you'd imagine her. rosario dawson is meant to come across as the best cosplayer in the world. and she's complete with ahsoka's orange skin as well as some bright blue contact lenses and the jedi cloak that she wears over her head. we don't know ahsoka's full mission here, but shortly after, she confronts the leader of the city, who is a woman known as the magistrate. apparently, the magistrate wants to execute the citizens of caledon, and she sort of becomes the big bad of this episode. that leads into other things, which we'll talk about in just a bit. osaka gives her one day to surrender, otherwise she'll return. and she then goes back to the forest. now this is where mano comes in. and he's, of course, trying to track down the character. he lands in kaladin and comes face to face with the magistrate, who wants him to kill ahsoka. the magistrate has some best score that she wants to give him as a means of payment. and as we know from the first episode, this is extremely rare within the galaxy and it's very sought after. now mano then accepts the job, hunts down ahsoka, and the pair fight it out. it's not meant to be a massive scene, according to the plot leaks. but mano manages to stop things from escalating further by bringing up bokeh tan, who of course, had a friendship with ahsoka over the years and many, many star wars series. now i really like how this is all sort of tied together. and if it's true, it does make sense to do all this. this is when the child is brought into it, and ahsoka recognizes him as being from the same species as yoda. apparently yoda himself is actually name dropped in this episode. so the series is tying into the grand overall plot of the saga. and it's from here that we really get the backstory of the child's past. though ahsoka doesn't know him directly, she's able to dive into his mind, and through the force, she learns of his true name, which is drunk drumroll please, dramul. yes, that's right, grogu. now i've only seen this written down, so i'm not sure if it's pronounced grogu or grogu, but that is apparently the child's name. his entire backstory is then given, which delves in into his origins back back in the good old days of the jedi. now, grogu was actually trained as a jedi on coruscant during the clone wars. but after the empire rose to power, he was hidden away. apparently someone took him, but that's about as far as we get. and ahsoka isn't able to find out any extra information beyond that, as their connection cuts off. now, whilst this isn't in the leaks, you know, his memory sort of blanking this out is likely the time that the empire came after him. ahsoka is meant to say that his memory becomes dark. and therefore we can kind of take from that that it could be the dark side surrounding him. as we know from episode 4, the imperial forces were trying to figure out how to clone four sensitive beings, but this had been failing. thus they'd been harvesting the blood of the child in order to pass along his midichlorians and revive emperor palpatine, so that he could once more rule over the galaxy. this is, of course, how the character was able to duplicate himself and snoke. and whilst we don't have anything beyond this, it does seem that palps might have become aware of the child, whilst he wasn't core sent again, none of this was mentioned in the leaks. it's just me theorizing how the empire learned about him. yoda's species, on the whole, are very much at one with the force, so it makes sense that pulps would be keeping an eye on him. now they team up to take down the magistrate. and the episode is meant to slot very much into the usual mandalorian aesthetic from this point onwards. you know how it goes. they attack somewhere. there's a cool little action scene. they learn a bit more information, rinse and repeat. and the person that they learn information from, it's obviously going to be the magistrate. and with mando, ahsoka manages to capture her. we discover what ahsoka has been doing this entire time. and it's revealed that she's actually after grand admiral thrawn. case you don't know, drawn ties massively into the expanded universe. and fans of the comics and books that were printed after the original trilogy will instantly recognize his name. thrawn was a male shish with striking blue skin, red eyes and very prominent cheekbones. he was known for his brilliant, strategic mind and ruthlessness. and if rumors of a spin-off star wars show are true, then having bone ahsoka team up to take him down, i think that's going to be amazing. they, of course, need a villain, and it makes perfect sense to set up thrawn here so they can go off and fight him in other properties. anyway, we did theorize that ahsoka would train the child, but this isn't the case, and instead, she says that she has to go after thrawn. this leads to mando being given the location of a jedi temple, which he'll be able to take grogu to in order to learn more about the ins and outs of his past. that's pretty much the main plot point i've heard. and again, take these with a pinch of salt for now, as i can't verify them until the episode airs on friday. some of this stuff sounds a bit iffy to me, and i'm not a massive fan of doing plot leaks in general, just as they can lead to trouble with the channel, and also, if they're untrue, i look a bit stupid. however, like i said, these come from multiple sources, and they all line up. so i thought i'd just tell you what i'd heard, and we will see later in the week. i think if you're watching this video, then you'll be watching the show on friday. anyway, so i don't know how many issues it would cause for disney, but if you work for the company and want me to take the video down, just hit me up on my twitter and i'll remove it after we verify that you're not just lying because you hate spoilers. anyway, with leaks like this, i think even if people know the plot, they tend not to know if they're legit, so they watch this stuff anyway. but any issues, yeah, it's cool. now, as for the episode itself, i think that it sounds amazing. and reading these i had my jaw on the floor at some points. i'm a bit unsure over the child's name, but grogu is actually something that was floating around all the way back in 2019. it was originally posted on star wars leaks and then removed shortly after, which only tends to happen when things are legit. but again, this seems to line up. so i friday isn't too long away, and we'll see then. i'm just, i'm just glad we're getting ahsoka either way. and i think she'll definitely be appearing in this week's entry, so at least we'll definitely get one thing right. and people will be like the spoils. they were. they were true, all of them. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the leaks, whether you think they're true or not, and what else you want to see. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of episode 4, which will be linked at the end. we go over the entire plot and things you missed. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase two box set. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music], just here. 