these three children have the faces of angels and the destructive power of demons. they messed with the nuns a lot of time. everyone were terrified by their jokes. people in the orphanage hope they can leave the place asap. at the time, someone came to apply for adoption. the black sister told the abbot to hide the other children. that couple could only choose one of three children, mo, curly, larry. they finally decided to adopt mo. but mo could not leave his good brothers. the boy wants his parents to also adopt the other two. their bromance was very huge. but they brought mo back and adopted another child, teddy. from then on, no one adopted those three boys. they were like a family and lived together in the orphanage. even though they're grown up, their personalities are still like children. they messed up things every day. they were lazy and refused to work. they carry tools and climb to the roof to fix the bell. but they were not being careful. they dropped the bell. the bell fell on a glasses wearing none. when they went to the abbot, they received bad news. the orphanage currently did not have much money, and no one came here to adopt their child anymore. if they could not make 830 000 in 30 days, they'll have to close the orphanage. the three boys immediately raised their hands. they said they could solve the money problem immediately. they went on a bicycle. surely, it would be impossible for them. how can they possibly make 830 000 in a month? they think that if they scream loudly, they will get a high-paying job. unexpectedly, that really happened. a curly-haired girl said that her husband has a terminal illness. he is very miserable. the girl wanted them to kill him. in the evening, curly, when the man did not notice, he pushed the man out into the street. the man was hit by a car and flew away. and he was crushed by another car. after that, he endured many terrifying tortures. [Music]. the girl was furious that man was not the target of assassination. that was her boyfriend. luckily that he did not die. they thought that if he didn't die, they would not get paid. so they went to the hospital. they disguised themselves as women, and sneakily went to find their target's room. the man in the room. was stunned when he saw these three idiots. unexpectedly, they brought out firecrackers when he was hiding. the man hurriedly said that he was cured and they no longer needed to kill him. he wanted to get rid of these three unlucky guys. they caused big troubles and still did not make any money. suddenly, they met teddy. because of the adoption, mo did not want to let teddy help them with money. they took out the 72 given by the abbot and started planning to get rich. no one would have expected someone to grow fish on the grass. they think that if they water them and let them dry in the sun, more fish will be born. the police arrived. they had to left the fish garden and ran away. curly and larry scolded mo. if he were adopted before, he would have the money to help the orphanage. then mo has not yet told everyone that he was still in the orphanage because of them. mo was angry do to go inside. unexpectedly, this was the lion's cave. seeing that the lion was chained, the man teased the lion. curly and larry helped the dolphin and the peanut was shot out. it hit the lion's sensitive parts. the lion pounced angrily, and the iron chain was broken. curly and larry want to ask for money from teddy's dad. although they did not get the money, they found out about two facts. they learned about moe's adoption in the past, and the story about the curly-haired girl and her boyfriend. it turned out that the girl was teddy's wife, and the man was teddy's good friend. they rushed to find mo to make up with him. the three of them didn't want teddy to be deceived. they broke into teddy's wedding anniversary. the wife saw three idiots were making a riot. she immediately told her boyfriend to come and took them out. teddy was drugged. what my best friend betrayed me? teddy's father raised his gun. he didn't have to save teddy. he was the one who arranged everything. after teddy's mother passed away, she left all her possessions to teddy. they did not want strangers to know this. they drove a car to where there were no people to talk to. but they fell into the water. curly farted. moe took that opportunity to push everyone to float to the surface. after being saved, three idiots wanted to ask teddy for money to help the orphanage. but teddy felt he became like this because of the orphanage. he didn't want to help them anymore. the three were depressed. they thought the orphanage would be closed. but when they returned, they discovered that the place had changed drastically. it turned out the director gave them the money. he felt that the other two were also talented. he wanted to sign contracts with the three of them. so eventually, the three idiots actually saved the orphanage. 