Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I am going to explain the third and fourth episodes of the South Korean survival drama \xe2\x80\x9cSquid Game\xe2\x80\x9d called \xe2\x80\x9cThe man with the umbrella\xe2\x80\x9d and \xe2\x80\x9cStick to the team\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!  In the previous episode, all the main characters from the show got into vans to go back to the facility and gamble their lives for money. The police officer Junho follows Gu-hun\xe2\x80\x99s van, still looking for his brother. The van stops in a harbour where several other vans like it are being loaded into a ship. Junho latches onto the bottom of Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s van and boards the ship as well. After some time, the staff in red suits start inspecting the players by scanning their ears, indicating the players have been inserted with some device. Junho gets inside a van and knocks out the staff that tries to inspect him. He changes into the man\xe2\x80\x99s clothes and mask. After the others leave, he puts his ID into the man\xe2\x80\x99s pocket and throws him into the sea. One of the staff finds Junho and asks what he is doing. The man is Junho\xe2\x80\x99s superior, which makes him realize that the shapes on their masks indicate their positions. He gets out of the situation, saying that he is seasick. The ship stops at the island, and all the contestants are taken into a hall. While they are still unconscious, their clothes are changed, and their belongings are seized. Saebyeok, who is a bit conscious, manages to sneak in a pocket knife. The players wake up in the hall again. Gi-hun reunites with the old man Ilnam. Sangwoo and Ali join the two as well. They decide to form a team, so it will be easier to win from the next round. Similarly, the gangster Deoksu is also forming his own team and asks Saebyeok to join him. She despises the man and refuses to be in his team. Their conversation is interrupted by Minyeo, the woman who begged the staff to let her go when they were here previously. She tries to seduce Deoksu to be in his team, but he insults her and leaves. Later, the staff is told to head back to their room because their work for the day is done. Junho, who has managed not to be caught yet, goes to his assigned room and sees it has a surveillance camera.  At night, Minyeo creates a fuss about wanting to pee and bangs on the door for the guards to let her out. They allow her to go, and Saebyeok takes the opportunity to go out as well. It turns out Minyeo has hidden a packet full of cigarettes inside her underwear that she starts to smoke. Saebyeok gets inside Minyeo\xe2\x80\x99s stall and opens the vent on the ceiling with her knife. She goes in to inspect the facility and ends up above the kitchen\xe2\x80\x99s vent. In the kitchen, a large amount of sugar is being melted. Saebyeok quickly returns back before the guards can catch her. She tells Minyeo what she saw, but they dismiss it as unimportant information. Meanwhile, Junho is still in his room, where he texts his superiors while hiding from the camera. The following day, the players are woken up and given bread and some milk as breakfast. Gi-hun and the team enjoy it together while talking. They are starting to bond, especially Ilnam and Gi-hun, who talk about their old days with each other. Ali is kind to all of them, while Sangwoo seems to be void of emotions.  As they talk, an announcement tells them it is the time for the next game. On their way outside, Sangwoo asks Saebyeok what she saw yesterday. It turns out that he had heard her and Minyeo talking last night. Saebyeok tells him that the staff was melting sugar. When they reach outside, Sangwoo sees several shapes drawn on the wall and realizes they are playing an old Korean game where they have to break a sugar honeycomb snack into a specific shape. However, he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t tell his teammates and chooses the easiest shape for himself. Gi-hun chooses the shape of an umbrella which is the hardest one, but Sangwoo still doesn\xe2\x80\x99t warn him.  They are given the honeycomb, and Gi-hun realizes he is in trouble. There is no way he can crack the shape of an umbrella perfectly. Sangwoo and Saebyeok get a triangle. Ali gets a circle, while Ilnam, Deoksu, and Minyeo get a star. The game starts, and Sangwoo and Saebyeok easily break their shapes. Ali gets done soon as well. Minyeo, on the other hand, hides under a slide and uses a lighter to melt the sugar easily. Gi-hun and Ilnam struggle the most. Soon, the staff starts killing people who break their shapes. Sangwoo, Saebyeok, and Ali get done in no time. Nobody notices Minyeo cheating, and she succeeds as well. After passing, she throws the lighter towards Deoksu to help him, although he insulted her earlier. She desperately wants to be in his team for the future. Gi-hun realizes that if he licks the honeycomb, it will get thinner, making it easier to break it into shapes. People around him follow his strategy, including Ilnam.  At the last moment, he manages to get the shape of the umbrella out and passes the round. Ilnam does the same and succeeds too. However, the ones who failed are killed brutally. The overseer of the games watches everyone through a monitor. Junho is also in the field and is horrified to see the real truth of the game. A superior with a square on his mask asks him to do his duties of picking up the bodies and meet him later. One of the players who failed refuses to die and holds a staff hostage. He makes the man take his mask off and sees that the guy is a young man. Filled with guilt, the player shoots himself and dies. The overseer approaches the staff who has just been exposed and shoots him dead, claiming that no one\xe2\x80\x99s face should be seen. Junho cleans the dead bodies and finds the dead staff\xe2\x80\x99s mask, who happens to be the superior who called him earlier. He exchanges his mask with a circle to the staff\xe2\x80\x99s mask to disguise him as a high-ranking staff member.  After the game, the players are brought back to their room. However, the staff take player number 111 with them. It is revealed that some of the staff is secretly harvesting the players\xe2\x80\x99 organs to sell them. Number 111 is a surgeon who is helping them. In return, they tell the man what each game is going to be so he would pass them all, and they can continue their secret mission. Meanwhile, Deoksu takes Minyeo to his team for helping him earlier. Out of 187 players who participated, 79 were killed. The following morning, they are given breakfast of an egg and a cold drink. Deoksu complains about it not being enough. He and his team get into the line twice to get more food. Because of this, a few people who were at the end do not get any. A woman reveals that she saw the group take the food twice. This enrages a man who didn\xe2\x80\x99t get the food. He yells at Deoksu to give him his share back and tries to snatch the cold drink from him. An angered Deoksu hits him, and the two get into a fight. Deoksu beats the man repeatedly, to the point he lies limp on the ground. When everything goes silent, Sangwoo comes to check on the man, only to find him dead. Gi-hun asks the staff to do something and even looks at the surveillance camera to ask the overseer. However, the staff do not intervene whatsoever and announce that player number 271 is eliminated. Everyone realises that killing each other is fair in the game. This gives Deoksu\xe2\x80\x99s group an idea. They can just kill everyone and win the money for themselves. Some staff members arrive with a coffin and take the dead body away. Meanwhile, the doctor is still harvesting the organs. After he is done, the staff ask him to stick to the strongest team. They reveal that the management deliberately supplied less food for breakfast because they want the players to go wild and do anything they can for the money, even kill each other. At last, they tell him about the next game and make him leave. Back in the hall, everyone is scared for their life. Gi-hun and the team decide to stay awake all night to be safe. Seeing Saebyeok alone, Gi-hun invites her to their group, but she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t trust them.  When the doctor returns to the hall, he looks around for the strongest team. Taking the staff\xe2\x80\x99s advice, he approaches Deoksu\xe2\x80\x99s team and asks them to take him in. Deoksu makes fun of him at first but accepts once he secretly tells him what game will be played the following day. The staff is put on high alert for the \xe2\x80\x9cspecial game\xe2\x80\x9d, referring to the fight that will occur when the lights go out. As soon as the lights are off, Deoksu\xe2\x80\x99s team gets up and starts attacking people. Deoksu makes the first kill, and the screams wake everyone up. The overseer watches everyone through the surveillance camera\xe2\x80\x99s night vision. He orders one staff member to flicker the lights in the room, so the killings are seen clearer. Soon, the bunk beds start falling, and the place turns into a bloodbath.  Deoksu attacks Saebyeok and is about to strangle her to death, but she is saved when another guy attacks him. Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s group meets each other amidst the chaos, but the old man Ilnam is nowhere to be seen. Saebyeok joins Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s team for her safety, but the group is attacked by Deoksu\xe2\x80\x99s group again. As they fight, they hear Ilnam asking everyone to stop from the highest bed. The overseer sees this and turns the lights on. The staff walk into the place covered in blood and dead bodies. They scan the dead bodies, and an announcement is made saying that twenty-seven of them have been eliminated. The dead bodies are taken out and burned in the furnace. After everything calms down, Gi-hun and the group gather and introduce themselves to each other, as they have been calling each other by numbers till now.  Ilnam seems to be shaken up by the incident and forgets his own name. Gi-hun assures him he will be fine once he takes rest. Meanwhile, the doctor dresses Deoksu\xe2\x80\x99s injuries. The group is happy to have killed so many people and decide to kill more until they are the only ones left so that they can take the prize money. Minyeo sees that Deoksu is favouring the doctor more than her. To be closer to him, she seductively invites him to the washroom, where the two have intercourse inside a stall. The following morning, everyone is woken up and told that the third game will start momentarily. After a while, they are taken to an empty white room where they are told to separate into a group of ten people each. Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s team already has five members, so they decide to find one person each. Deoksu, who already knows what the game is, asks his men to gather some more well-built men. Minyeo is at a loss for words when he tells her she cannot be in the team. She begs him to let her in, only to be pushed to the ground.  Meanwhile, Saebyeok approaches a girl who is sitting alone in a corner. She agrees to be in their team. The others bring one man each except for Ilnam. So, the group only has nine members. Minyeo, who had been kicked out of Deoksu\xe2\x80\x99s group, joins them at the last moment. They are then brought to a massive hall that has a tall bridge in the front. The third game turns out to be the tug of war. The players are supposed to pull a rope to their side, and the ones who lose will fall off the tall bridge and die. Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s team has two girls and an old man, so the chance of them winning is low. But Deoksu has already gathered the strongest men of the crowd. Their group goes against another group. The others watch in nervousness as the first match starts. Deoksu\xe2\x80\x99s team wins it almost instantly, and the other group hangs onto the rope to eventually fall to the ground below. At last, the staff take their bodies away.  The next is Gi-hun\xe2\x80\x99s team. They nervously get up, knowing that their stakes are low. Moreover, their opponents are all men who seem to be particularly strong. However, Ilnam claims that he used to be the best at the tug of war when he was a kid. He briefs them on some basic techniques of the game. First, the one on the front has to be a strong person who can communicate with the others by tilting his head to the sides, and the last one has to be the strongest. Second, one player should be at each side of the rope, so the pull is stronger. Third, all their feet should be facing forward and they should hold onto the rope with their armpits as well. The last and the most important thing is that the team should hold their ground for the first ten seconds after the game starts. That way, you can take the opponent by surprise when their rhythm starts to break.  Using these techniques, the group is almost about to win, but the opponents pull the rope harder at the last moment. They are almost pulled to the edge when Sangwoo comes up with a last-minute plan. He asks everyone to loosen their hold for some seconds so the opponents would lose their balance. The episode ends as they let go of the rope in the count of three.  Subscribe for more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like to help the channel out. Thank you for watching. 