welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with Netflix's the spy now making its way worldwide across the platform, I thought I'd examine the secret service series to uncover everything that you need to know about the events portrayed in it and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to watch the show yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of the spy. the spy centers around Israel's top Mossad spy, Elli Cohen, ironically played by Sacha Baron Cohen. Ali is an Egyptian Jew that was a key player in smuggling Jewish people out of Egypt. but since then, life has become slightly mundane for him. Ali starts the show is a lowly typist in an office, often looked down upon by those in our society. but after being recruited by the Israeli government, he slowly finds himself on a downward spiral that sees the man losing his family, life and even identity. Elly is a natural when it comes to espionage. and the character is played expertly by Cohen, who perfectly portrays all of the nuances that lace the performance with a subtlety that makes Elly engaging, methodical, but also dangerous. even with a moustache that should scream Borat two people, Cohen still completely avoids the stereotyping and makes the role his own. you can tell that Cohen put a lot of work into this, and it's an authentic and believable performance that beautifully showcases the conflict of a man leading a double life that is based on lies and mistrust. there's an air of Schindler's List about the peace, with a man using his charms to integrate with society, and it's clear that Elly is very skilled at the friending and manipulating people. initially, the life of a spy seems exciting, and it's easy to relate to Elly and see how much such a service would seem attractive to a man who up until this point has led a rather mundane life. he's fighting for the country that he loves, and a sense of danger that this provides his throwing and exciting, especially with the amount of close calls at Jerez. but it puts a huge strain on the relationship with his wife, and it's clear that Elly loses more than he Ali even starts dating someone to keep up the facade of his double life, and it's easy to see how he loses himself in the role. throughout the season, we watch his cohen builds relationships with high-ranking syrian officials. under the identity of Kemal an importer and exporter. he builds up a large circle around him made up of politicians, military officials and local authorities. and as things go on, the situation's get more and more extreme. juxtaposing this, his relationship with his wife completely disintegrates, to the point that, when in character, he's not even allowed to acknowledge her. after they have a child together, Ali tries to stay but a sense of duty calls her back. he spies on several key members and even a military installation, all with the purpose of building Intel. its a gripping watch, and one that often gets your heart pumping as you see Ali slowly inch towards his eventual fate. when a bloody coup against the government is staged, which she's instrumental in, it becomes clear that Elly may be in over his head, acting as a double agent has helped to topple the government in order to complete its mission. Elli comes face-to-face with the bin Laden's and a young asama as he slowly works his way up the ladder in the penultimate episode. but the shock slowly begin to circle him, suspecting there is a spy in their organization. Elli has trusted so much he's even asked to be the new Deputy Minister of Defence. however, that doesn't mean that he's out of the woods just yet. and not long after being asked to join his position, he's soon discovered. in real life, similar to the events in the show, the Syrians used tracking equipment in order to capture any illegal transmissions. and they were able to trace his signal to Cohen's apartment, where they pretty much caught him red-handed sending messages. in real life, Cohen did ask to leave the operation to witness the birth of his third child just before his eventual capture. but Israeli intelligence wanted him to return to Syria once more, which ended up being his last visit for all the wrong reasons. it's a heartbreaking element to the story that really shows just how tragic the entire ordeal was. Elly is tortured and interrogated, and after being found guilty of espionage a military tribunal, he's sentenced to death. Israel did try to get the spy freed through a campaign of clemency, but this fell on deaf ears. even with the intervention of primary and the Pope, Syria went ahead with the execution. and in his final letter, Cohen wrote, I'm begging you, my dear Nadia, not to spend your time in weeping about something already past. concentrate on yourself, looking forward for a better future. Elly was executed on the 18th of May 1965 in Damascus, but his legacy lives on. in the finale, we see a moth fly into a light bulb and die. and this works as a metaphor for the entire show, like a moth to the flame. Cohen knew he was in danger, but he couldn't resist the lure of power. his ambition drove him and allowed him to work his way up from a lowly desk clerk to someone that was considered for a huge position of power. he flew too close to the Sun, however, and had a flower refused to return to the country, he would likely still be alive today. the government - do not come off scot free in the show either, and it highlights just how expendable they view those as they rely on the most. we watch in the finale that the government are still trying to recruit spies, and Ali remains merely a statistic, even though he helped to establish the Intelligence Agency more than they ever would have been without him. it's a really tragic story, and one that will stick with you long after you finish watching it. Cohen has since become a national hero in Israel, with a large number of streets carrying his name. his family have been visited by many prime ministers over the AERS, and there currently exists a memorial stone for him in the garden of missing soldiers, showcasing that though he may be gone, he is not forgotten. Nadia, to this day, is still trying to get his body returned to Israel for a proper burial. but as of this video, Syria have refused. and now on to my review. I was really spellbound throughout the spy. and it's grounded tragic tale is really heartbreaking to watch play out, especially with just how likable Cohen is as an actor. it really shows what people lose when they sacrifice and things they love for their career. and Ali's story and legacy will no doubt live on for a long time due to the selfless work that it carried out in his time as a spy. Netflix completely knocked it out of the park with this one, and it stands strong with some of their best real life adaptations, such as mind hunter and more. The Spy is definitely the one to watch this weekend. and at only six episodes, it's an easy binge that will keep you engaged from the beginning and throughout. I absolutely loved the spy and can't recommend it highly enough. you need to watch this, and that's why it gets a 9 out of 10. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the spy. and if you enjoyed it as much as I did, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my full breakdown of this weekend's at the big release it chapter 2, which will be linked at the end. I go over everything you need to know about the movie and my interpretation of the ending. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me in Twitter definition. YT it's the best way to get in touch with me and is the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. well, so just one let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 and blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the spy in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th in the blue row be shipped out from them to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 