- fast forwards to the darkness. [Music]. [Applause]. welcome to slash forward, the channel where we provide summarization and commentary and all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. in this video, we're gonna run through the 2012 film grabbers. this is a quaint little film about an alien invasion that takes place on a sleepy, little irish island village. it saw a limited release in the foreign market, so isn't necessarily well known. it is certainly underrated. not unlike attacked the block, this movie is a science fiction horror mashup with elements of comedy. it uses effective plot devices in cinematography to squeeze as much out of their limited effects budget as possible. let's take a look at how it all came together. the movie opens on an object careening toward the earth. it happens to land close to a nearby fishing vessel. the longshoremen, filled with the sense of awe and childlike wonder at the boundless majesty of our universe, set off to explore the strange new mystery. the skipper smartly calls it in for safety, which also ensures for plot purposes that the local authorities are aware of a possible disturbance. as they approach the deckhand attempts to observe any signs of unusual activity, but fails to see anything. until he does, he gets pulled into the water, and we come to recognize that the plummeting object was more than a mere rock or a bit of space debris. whatever the creature is, it manages to make short work of the rest of the crew, spearing the skipper and then penetrating the final seaman from above. however, not before he gets a good look at the alien and provides a reaction to give us a sense of scale. we, however, do not get to see it yet. a prime example of building suspense and budgeting those euros by setting the scene in darkness and revealing very little. this brings us to a quiet, sunny morning on Aran Island, where we get a montage introducing the two main protagonists of the movie. no Linda, no Shane O'Shea is a disheveled local Islander and part of the island police force. Nolan is a bright-eyed recruit arriving for her first day and ready to take on all challenges. what a positively odd pair. they meet up at the police station to get their orders. O'Shea flirts with Nolan by being a huge arse. know what kind calves? I'll just take a black. thanks. so you can have my disc when I'm done. okay, here you could have the island, even for the show and done. Gary and B come to find out that the chief is on holiday, and Nolan is there to fill in for the next couple of weeks. meanwhile, one of the local fishermen, patty, finds something strange in his lobster trap. again, we don't get to see what it is, but we do get to see what it does when it expertly squirts of fluid upon the origin, right into his face. unu has gone to do that, but how, as you said, there's no effective mobster. we then cut back to a Shane Nolan with a bit of foreshadowing. neither relax. there's none of that here. you never know. it's always the quiet places where the mad [ __ ] happens. where they are responding to a report of a cetacean stranding. only this doesn't appear to be a navigational accident. these wheels are missing chunks. we meet Smith, the island marine psychologist who is examining the carcasses. he's immediately smitten with Noland and demonstrates his charms with a display of his athletic prowess and some awkward touching. they head back to the car where O'Shea demonstrates his own charms with some very witty jokes, lots of thought, what is that? awesome. it's a hand in a claw position. it's a dead one of those. it doesn't land, unfortunately. so he does the only reasonable thing it keeps at it repeatedly. they head out to daily scrap yard, where O'Shea calls in a favor by having him uses heavy equipment to remove the whales from the beach. when Daly sends an employee back to pick up a shovel, we get our first evidence that the aliens have not only made it to the island, but are likely screwing on the beaches. there are eggs of plenty. and this poor soul gets dragged out to sea. unfortunately for him, no one cares, although I'm not sure they would've been able to do anything regardless. we Reeve his attack. Murphy, the poor victim of the previous squirting incident, watching TV and relaxing hardcore. when he hears a knock at the door, he goes to check it out and sees Declan Cooney on his doorstep. as a fact, he goes ahead and opens the door, and we get a very cool shot that ultimately reveals Declan is actually a corpse being manipulated at the end of an appendage, like a giant anglerfish attracting its prey into the open to make it vulnerable. what does he want? the dance. the alien makes short work of the couple, noisily dispatching him on the roof and then grabbing her when she attempts to close the flue. meanwhile, of Shay and Nolan continue to develop their relationship as a Shay shows off his intellectual prowess, which is only enhanced under the influence of alcohol. say the alphabet backwards for me. and while paddy Don's a welding mask to go check out his new pet, but it's gone. oh, there it is. Pattie promptly puts the boots to it and gets the [ __ ] out of there. the next morning finds the main cast grouping up at Smith's lab to check out Paddy's new pet. we are introduced to a colloquial test to verify the aliveness of a specimen dead. the examination reveals the creature likely survives by consuming blood, and is a female. how can it have well, it's got no testicles and she was pregnant. O'Shea and Nolan, doing some investigating, end up at declan's house, and through careful deduction and painstaking observation, are able to find subtle hints of a prior struggle on the roof. now, fully understanding the significance of the problems they're facing, they get down to business and try to develop a plan to rid themselves with the aliens. making some assumptions about its behavior based on tides and sighting locations, they come up with the best approximation of where they anticipate the creatures showing up. they explore the area and find some eggs. then they find the male, proving to be much larger and scarier than the specimen they curb-stomped in Smith's lab. they managed to escape the cave from an opening that was luckily too small for the creature, the kangaroo, that guy, I'd recommend you continue leaving they head straight back to Smith's lab to ensure his version never grows up. in the process, they realized the big one is likely looking for their specimen, so they armed themselves. luckily, nothing happens though, and they start to piece things together. the creatures are very durable. paddy likely survived due to his blood alcohol content, indicating they are allergic to alcohol. and if the creatures are able to move effectively on land when the waters allowed through rising tides of rain, unfortunately, an impending storm allow the creatures full run of the island while also preventing the Islanders from being able to reach or get help from the mainland. the group devises a test in which they take Lisa, the purest of blood, and get her drunk until it registers an effect on the specimen. in the process, we're treating some great drunk acting by the actress playing Nolan hey ever likes me as much. that's based on the results of the test, they decide that they could protect the population by keeping everyone together and ensuring they're all drunk enough to effectively make themselves poisonous to the aliens. now they just need to convince the Townsville to come to the bar and a free bar, and get them drunk enough to keep them safe without causing a full-on panic, by making them aware of the danger in which they find themselves. now at the bar, of the group prepares by taking an inventory of their weapons, I have an angel and a board with a name in it, and making a patrol plan, which O'Shea has volunteered to oversee, requiring him to remain painfully sober. as a party gears up, paddy finds himself unable to keep a reveler in sight due to a lack of bathrooms and his overwhelming urge to pee. we get a cool POV shot at something creepin up on the air and pisser, who turns around to find a squadron of hatchlings behind him. they don't appear to pose any danger, though. Oh, scratch that. with some help, they managed to detach the baby. but then find themselves face to face with the big n'. in a scene that is very well constructed. the rain helps obscure any imperfections in the CGI, making it easier to get drawn in. and the angle of the shot and openness of the scene give the audience a very visceral idea of what it would feel like to be vulnerably exposed in such an openly dangerous situation. meanwhile, our full-bladder traveler gets at with his head being the only part left, despite the fact that I went in first. as O'Shea and Nolan head back inside, we now find the severe downside to their plan. as the group attempts to spring into action despite their prodigious impairment. Brian manages to pull it together and charge outside, but immediately comes to realize the futility of his actions and hauls arse back indoors. while discussing the next steps, they let slip in front of a larger audience that there may be some danger and that something outside is trying to kill them. as they address this, Smith manages to slip out and hit on the main grabber, thinking that due to his phenomenal and drunkenness, he's safe from harm. [Music], well, yes, not. the group outside comes clean with the general population, and they all agree to move the party upstairs. they ultimately decide that the big one must be attracted to the scent of the female no Shea's got that stank all over them. the new plan is to get the keys to the truck outside and lure the creature out to a construction site where they can use the heavy equipment to string it up, keeping it under control and causing it to dry out when the rain stops. like all of their other drunken plans, this one falls apart in the execution phase. we end up with Nolan driving the truck, with O'Shea sitting in the back, attracting the bull with that sweet, sweet musk. when they get to the construction site, the creature proves to be smarter than they thought, declining to be lured into their trap. but they still managed to at least pin it down under a bulldozer, poison it with Paddy's homebrew and then blow it up with a flare gun and some fuel barrels such a hoe. we in with the sunrises. everyone takes a breather from the evening festivities. no shake casually discusses adopting his dead friend's dog. I think we should go and pick up Jim's dog there now free to focus on the future, securing the fact that they have eliminated the threat and can welcome back that easygoing Island life. oh right. overall, this is a very worthwhile movie that I recommend. as I was thinking of the things they did well, I realized that it basically overlaps with all the positive attributes I had for attack the block. good use of a limited budget, keeping the monster hidden initially, and using plot devices in a way that required, when the monsters are eventually shown, that it be obscured in some way. it's a great way to do a lot with the limited budget. taking that one step further, I realized also that both movies involve aliens coming to Earth in a meteorite, presenting themselves to a small local population, having one female that lets off pheromones the male counterparts are attracted to, which also gets on the main characters clothes, etc. hey, what the hell? giving them the benefit of the doubt, I have to say, the similarities don't distract from the overall experience. the films are different enough in the settings, details and characters that it doesn't distract from the strong points of either film. both were excellent in their own right. they can come highly recommended. so that's it for grabbers. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thank you for watching. [Music], 