[Music]. welcome back to movie. plot revealing. as the film starts, we see a medical student named mary. she was attending her lectures in the class. meanwhile, her phone rings. but her professor doesn't like this that he scolds her while saying that turn off her phone in my class in the future. mary says sorry to her professor, but he ignores her and moves from there. now we come to know that mary is not stable financially. she needs money because she was studying. she wasn't finding any job. so she starts searching for jobs online. she finds a club job. the job is to dance. she immediately applies for it. then she goes to that club for her interview. going inside the club, she sees that the owner of the club is sitting that he asks different questions from her. seeing her papers, he comes to know that she is a medical student. that he was taking more information from her. suddenly he goes to his bodyguard, returning after some time, he asks mary that, have you done surgery before? okay, if you haven't done so, tell me, can you do it? mary says, yes. why not? that owner takes her with him somewhere. the owner tells mary that i will give you five thousand dollars in return for this work. hearing it, mary becomes happy. but she thinks that, what kind of task is it that he will pay me five thousand dollars? she asks the owner. but the owner says that walk with me silently, and you just mind your business. then they come to a place. mary sees that an injured man in front of her. he was soaked in blood, and if none would come there soon, maybe he would die. now the hour asks mary that you are from the medical field, so stop his blood. because this was a street club, and here many fighting happen. due to it, many people were injured here. mary heals his wound. the owner of the club gives her five thousand dollars. mary moves from there speedily, and then thinks at night, that what kind of task it was that i got five thousand dollars in return? in the office, she gets only five, six dollars in return for a bandage someone. so she keeps thinking this. mary was thinking this. meanwhile, a wrong number was continuously calling her. at first she doesn't receive it because of continuous calling. she picks up the call. there was a lady on the other side. she asks mary, are you doctor mary? but mary says her, no, wrong number. but after some time, someone knocks at her door. while sacrin, mary moves to the door. and she has a baseball bat in her hand, so that if there will anyone else at the door, sh can hit him. as she opens the door. it was the same lady who called her. she was wearing a red dress. her face was creepy, like she has done plastic surgery on her face several times. her eyebrows were thin, and she was looking like a cartoon character. mary asks her that, who are you and how did you come to my home? that lady tells her that, doesn't get nervous about the club in which you come for an interview. i work there. i take you to a dress from your papers. mary says that okay, but what happened to your face? that lady tells that, don't get worried about this. i have done this myself. am i looking like a cartoon character? that was my favorite character. and see, i have to get up like that character. my friend also wants plastic surgery. i heard that you are a medical student, and you know very much, and you are very talented. that so can you do this for my friend? her face is modification. but mary says that, how is it possible? the lady says that for this, you will get a lot of money. mary agrees because she needs money. now, that lady takes mary to a place with her. going there, mary meets that lady's friend. her face was already changed like a barbie, but not a beautiful barbie, but a funny and creepy barbie. the girl says to mary that i like barbies, that i have already done face modification, that i want to modify my body and be like barbie. mary agrees to it because she will get a lot of money for this. the procedure starts, and mary was doing modifications as that girl wants. after doing her work, she moves from there, while taking her money. the next day we see that mary is in medical school. then a senior doctor meets her at the hospital and he says that, i want to take a small test of yours. that a man has died here. you have to inform his family. mary goes with confidence and informs his family nicely, that your husband is no more seeing it. the doctor becomes happy that mary knows how to talk that he says to her that she will become a good surgeon. then mary meets that lady outside the medical college who took mary to her friend. she gives her a gift and says that, my friend likes your modification. this gift is from her side. but a doctor sees them. mary immediately comes inside. she comes to know that there is a party at a doctor's home. many peoples are invited there, and mary is one of them. dot at night, mary sees the pictures of the girl whose surgery she has done. but she doesn't like her that how can someone post like this? she wears the dress to the party, which she received as a gift. but the doctor who arranged the party misbehaves with mary. mary thinks to take revenge on him. she plans that she will also do his modification. she makes this thing her profession. that a girl comes to her to divide her tongue into two pieces.to place cuts in the body. in each type of modification is done by mary, from which she earns a lot of money. that a detective comes to marry one day, and he asks her that a doctor is missing. that he is talking about the doctor mary went to his party. mary asks him that, why are you asking me about that doctor? he tells her that, according to your senior doctor, you were with him, and i have gone to everyone connected with that doctor dot to involve them in the investigation. is my task. mary says that, no, i don't know about him. mary goes to that club owner and tells him that today a detective came to me, and you know who gave him my name? my senior doctor. so the owner of the club goes to that doctor.he beats him a lot. he tortures him. and he also got the video that was made by his companion doctor while misbehaving with mary. seeing it, he becomes shocked after it. the lady again meets mary, who has done her friend's modification. after it, she tells mary that there are twins and they want to exchange their arms. for this, they need you. mary meets those girls. they ask that, are you willing for surgery? mary says, yes, i can do but i need someone's help with this. now she starts the surgery with a doctor. it was a strange surgery. there is a risk of wasting blood, or even death also, if it will not be done nicely. but they successfully changed their arms. after it, mary goes to a room there. she imprisoned that doctor. she kidnapped him, and she had cut his legs and even hands also. she had sewn his mouth. his body was hanged through hooks. this was a strange way to torture. after it, mary takes the pictures of that doctor. meanwhile, the police arrived there. the police were there to release that doctor, but mary kills him while pushing him. and after all this, mary was scared. the bodyguard of the club owner says to her that you have to be brave. these hardships often come the task you are doing. this is a small thing in it. now the twins have also given mary her money. she becomes happy that on the other side we see the girl who made her body like a barbie. her husband becomes angry seeing her, that, what have you done with your body? the detective again comes to mary's house. that he tells her that the other doctor is also missing. do you know about him? mary knows that the club owner had caught him after kidnapping him. she doesn't say anything. and she gives something intoxicated to the detective in water. then the detective says that the doctor who was missing before. he was really a bad human that he has done bad with many people, whoever has kidnapped him because of his own mistake. mary takes his glass and changes his water, because he was favoring her dot. it means, if it will prove that mary is doing bad with him, maybe she will not be arrested. from there, mary goes to the club because she wants to ask the owner that has he kidnapped the other doctor? she sees that there is another girl. she beats the other girl a lot, but she leaves her because of the cameras. she asks the owner that has he kidnapped the doctor? he says yes. with it, he tells mary that the lady who brings clients to you, she is not receiving the call for two days. she is also not coming to the club. mary becomes worried because of it, that it happens for the first time. from there, mary goes to her house. but she receives a call at night that was of the lady, and it is shown that she is badly injured. she was lying on the floor, that someone has beaten her badly. she was telling mary that the girl whose body we modify as barbie. her husband was aggressive.he has taken all information about you while blackmailing me. soon he will be coming to you. but before mary does anything or runs from there, the husband of that girl attacks her dot he stabs something sharp in her belly. due to it, there was a deep cut in her belly. her belly was bleeding. but mary also attacks him because of it, he also dies that. in the last mary tries to escape her life. she tries to fill up hr cut. but till then, her much blood was wasted, and now it was useless. both of them die here. when the police arrive here, they come to know that mary has done bad. she shouldn't modify people's bodies like this. the end of evil tasks is always bad. and she gets her punishment with it here. this movie ends. thank you for watching. and don't forget to subscribe my channel. 