hey film freaks. i'm your host, patrick, and today we're going to take a look at the 2018 horror movie called apostle. the film begins in the era of the early 1900s, where a train streams across the meadows and green lands. in the train, a man reads a letter from his sister, stating that she's been taken on a wretched island, and her captors are demanding a ransom for her return. meanwhile, there's a secretary who narrates the letter to the man, thomas. the letter is originally addressed to their father, but as he has lost himself, it's now up to thomas to save his sister, jennifer. the secretary warns thomas about the people he's about to go against. they are blasphemers a deceased religious cult. after getting off from the train, thomas lines up to take the boat, where's then the island of the cult. he notices that his ticket has a different mark on it from the regular tickets. he intelligently swaps a ticket with another passenger. and after he boards the boat safely, he looks back to see the other person's luggage marked with an x. the caravan makes its way across the high tides of the sea during the night, and they've reached the island the next day. upon reaching the docks, thomas sees that the person with whom he swamped his ticket with is taken away by the officials, while the rest of them are let go. all the new arrivals travel across the meadows and reach the town of erisden. in the meantime, a young boy walks up to thomas and asks him if he needs anything. thomas refuses his offer. and in that moment, a girl named theon steps out of a hut and smiles at the boy who's with thomas. thomas is amused at the scene, and he moves on where all the new citizens are being checked in and are provided with a glass jar. after checking in, thomas arrives at his designated cabin and sees a book on the side table. is a book by prophet malcolm, the father of varys. then, in the meantime, church bells start to chime, and everybody makes their way to the church. thomas also leaves his cabin and comes across a marvelously beautiful lady. after a tiny moment of interaction, she moves on. and as thomas is about to make his way to the church. he sees the guards bringing an unconscious man to a barn. after a brief look, he treads towards the church. malcolm's voice echoes in the church as he dictates to his disciples. he explains how he was called a traitor and sentenced to his death, but he escaped with his two fellows, frank and quinn, and came across this island where goddess saved them. and now he has developed this place where every man can live freely without war or taxes. as he preaches on, a guard comes in and whispers in the air of an official. with that, the session ends and everybody leaves the church. the scene shifts to the barn where a brutally injured man is kept. malcolm gets furious upon the rough treatment his partners inflicted on the man. he's informed that this person they captured isn't telling them about the ransom money, and says he doesn't know. after a deceptive consolation, the innocent guy gets his throat slit by malcolm's order. afterwards, the scene shifts to a boat at the shore, where theon and the young boy lay on top of each other. they talk about their future, and the boy, jeremy, explains how he will construct a home for both of them. as their moments prolonged, their talks turn into physical romance, and both of them are drowned in ecstatic pleasure. as the night extends on, everyone in narastan is ordered to go back to their homes, but thomas looks out to spy. he comes upon a house where a woman is seen sacrificing her blood and letting it pour into a jar. thomas is taken aback at the site, and he moves on. he then comes across malcolm's house. the beautiful woman thomas saw earlier, andrea, is sleeping. meanwhile, malcolm gets prepared and goes down a trap door in his floor. thomas runs around the house to get him, but he comes across fiona and jeremy, who are going their separate ways. he tells them both to run off and returns to his cabin. upon reaching the house, the goddess appears behind him at the end of the dark corridor. but upon turning back, he sees nothing. thomas's eyes then fall upon his empty jar outside the door. he fills it with blood from his neighbor's jar and places both of them at their places. in the meantime, his blood droplets fall on the floorboards, and an old woman's face appears, gasping and hungrily drinking the drops. afterwards, thomas enters his room and marks a location on his hand-drawn map. meanwhile, in the forest, malcolm climbs out of a hidden trap door and arrives at the wooden hut. a man is visible at the doorway, and malcolm goes inside and the door closes behind him. the following morning, thomas is woken up by jeremy, and they both go to work. amidst the routine, jeremy tries to converse with thomas, and they start to talk. jeremy asks for thomas help, and they go to the boat where jeremy made love to theon they collect the wood, and on their way back, thomas asks jeremy about his sister by showing him a picture of jennifer. one signed at the picture. and jeremy steps back and tries to run. thomas stops him and threatens him. the boy then explains that their island was running out of animals to sacrifice for the goddess, and as a monetary gain. they captured jennifer, who was on their boat, with the perception that her father is very rich and he'll be able to pay a ransom for her release. that ransom will aid them in the continuation of their whole cult. after gathering the info, thomas orders jeremy to be his assistant, or otherwise his sinful relationship with fiann will be exposed. back in the town, theon consults with andrea about her situation, and it comes out that theon is pregnant. as they talk, thomas bumps into andrea, and after apologizing, makes his way to the church. the scenario shows the new citizens brought before malcolm, and he remarks that there's a lawbreaker among us. he starts testing every newcomer by asking him to complete a sentence from his book. just as he's about to reach thomas, the man next to him tries to kill malcolm, as he is sent by the king. thomas saves his life, and in the attempt, gets injured by the stab of a dagger. the guard impales the man with spears and kill him. while thomas is taken away for treatment, malcolm shows his full gratitude to thomas for saving his life, and shows his indentment to him by having a blood pact. miss andrea treats thomas. malcolm talks with quinn that if the ransom isn't paid, the girl's defendant will face the consequences. as the night falls, thomas witnesses her sister being brought out in the open in a devastated state. malcolm addresses the whole village and asks their defendant to come out, and if the debt isn't paid, both of them will suffer their wrath. with that. quinn cuts off her hair, and thomas watches in agony as his sister gets tormented. the following morning, queen catches her daughter checking herself out in the washroom. he gets suspicious about her actions, but doesn't do anything and leaves. meanwhile, jennifer is left shackled in a stray in the middle of the town, where children tease her and poke her with sticks as her torture goes on. malcolm plans with queen to raid the homes of the newcomers to look for the ransom, as the rest of the town will celebrate. as they're talking, malcolm's daughter, andrea passes them and goes to jennifer. as an act of kindness, she offers her food and drink and advises her to stay strong. after andrea leaves, jennifer is dragged towards a carriage to be taken away. and while they push her on, thomas watches in helplessness as his sister gets mistreated. the day turns into night and celebrations are started. thomas makes his way down towards the festival and gets intercepted by andrea. she lets thomas place his hands on her hips as she invites him to dance. thomas tries to escape her charm, but she looks into his eyes and guesses that they've been through a lot in the interim. thomas watches jeremy at the distance and goes after him. he follows him as they reach an entrance to a tunnel. meanwhile, quinn and malcolm turn thomas room upside down and finds nothing. just as they are about to leave, malcolm finds the map, and they order frank to go have a look back at the hut. thomas makes his way down the tunnel, and jeremy closes it as he's getting out. frank arrives. upon finding his son, he makes him run away and tells malcolm that the intruder is down there. he orders frank to go after him and quinn to stand guard. and afterwards, he leaves on his house to go to the other side of the tunnel. as frank makes his way down the trap door, andrea catches them in suspicion. malcolm arrives at the hut and stands atop the trap door with his gun pointed down in the tunnels. thomas also arrives at the end. as he starts to climb, he gets the hint that on the other side someone is waiting for him. he retreats, and suddenly witnesses movement behind him as well. in order to save himself, he jumps into a sludge down below, filled with animal remains and dirty blood. meanwhile, malcolm shoots at the trap door, only to see frank down below, who shouts at him to hold his fire. back in the tunnel, thomas makes his way into the filthy sludge when he witnesses the old goddess in her dirtiest form. she attacks him, and thomas breaks out with extreme effort. afterwards, he cleans himself and comes to see illustrations of a goddess drawn on the stones of the cave. it is then revealed that the goddess is actually held captive by malcolm, and he blackmails her into giving healthier crops their land, otherwise she'll starve to death. in the background, a hideous man drags a body in a sack and suspends it in the air by a hook. the woman in the sack whimpers and kicks around in helplessness. it's morning. andrea arrives in the cave and offers thomas some fresh clothes. as he changes, andrea observes the severe scars on his back. thomas explains the brutality that was inflicted on him in the name of religion, and no god saved him from that. he then explains the atrocities her father is inflicting and that her sister is no traitor. later, they visit the crops, and andrea shows him how the crops are now poisoned for some reason. back at the village, theon meets with jeremy and tells him about the pregnancy. jeremy assures her that they will be together forever, but also mentions that his father is leaving and taking him to the midlands. as he steps out, quinn watches him leave. he comes to the hut and asks fiona about what she has done. theon argues and quarrels with him, but her father doesn't listen to a word and hits her and drags her around, calling her baby an abomination. in the meantime, frank is getting prepared to leave. malcolm arrives at the docks and persuades him to stay and sort everything out. as they discuss this at one end, the other side shows the story of utter ruthlessness and cruelty. quinn brutally murders her own daughter and rips out the child from her womb. in that instance, jeremy walks in the hut and sees theon's dead body. he then attacks quinn with his razor and inflicts many wounds on him. but quinn fights him and crawls out of the cabin and shouts around, blaming jeremy openly for his daughter's death. jeremy tries to defend himself, but no one listens, and the guards chase him on quinn's orders. meanwhile, he himself gets up and starts preaching them against malcolm and the whole system in the crop fields. the guard chases jeremy. he runs to andrea and thomas, who tried to save him, but the guards take him away, saying that he needs to be purified in the town, quinn has taken over as the holy father. he has gathered people for an insane purification ritual where he ties jeremy to a wooden board and starts shaving his head. at the ritual, the guards also hold thomas captive, while andrea cries for jeremy. quinn places an iron spike at the tip of jeremy's head and with extreme savagery, drills his skull into a mutilated mess. jeremy's body thrashes on a deathbed as quinn states that he's purified at that moment. frank arrives with malcolm and loses himself upon the sight of his dead son. malcolm argues with quinn about this brutality, but he simply overthrows his opinions. as they're talking, frank comes out with a gun, and everybody scatters. thomas takes a diversion as a chance to escape, and he avails it. he dashes through the forest and comes upon the hut where frank comes out battered and injured and drops in the mud while the hideous man stands at the door. thomas slowly creeps into the hut from a side spot. as quinn and malcolm arrive, they witness the dead body of frank. and as tom's watches from the hut, quinn shoots malcolm in the shoulder, and he falls down the trapdoor into the tunnels. in the interim, thomas moves around the hut covered in vines. he sees the blooded man named the grinder, making the old goddess drink blood. thomas consciously makes it around the main area and finds her sister hooked up in the sack. he pulls her down, and just as he frees her, the grinder hits him with a club. as he fades out, he sees jennifer being taken away by quinn. thomas wakes up to find himself attached to a rotating metal grinder with cables. he tries to escape, but gets his fingers crushed by the rollers. he screams and gets up to engage in a vicious fight with a gruesome creature. after a ton of effort, he manages to kill it and limps to the goddess who awaits him. she then shows him the past, where malcolm and quinn arrived on the island and they imprisoned her. they find out that upon feeding her blood, all the plantations around her start to grow flawlessly. after the vision, thomas wakes up and the goddess asks him to free her. he puts her on fire, and eventually the whole hut starts burning. malcolm comes out and watches in horror as everything burns before his eyes. thomas also rushes through the forest and comes upon a place where human corpses are impaled by huge tree branches. in the meantime, quinn holds jennifer and andrea captive in the church and chains them to the walls. he explains how he did all the work, but malcolm became the prophet. he then proposes to impregnate both the ladies and feed the babies to the goddess. andrea and jennifer despise him for being such a maniac. outside, the whole village catches fire, and the people prepare to escape the boats. at that moment, thomas arrives and requests a lady to wait for andrea and jennifer. he then enters the church and attacks quinn with a dagger. he stabs him in the chest and pushes him to the wall, but cannot kill him. quinn proves to be a tough, hard person, as it takes the three of them to finally send them to hell. during the fight, thomas gets injured and requests the ladies to carry on to safety. jennifer cries beside her dying brother, but thomas empowers her and she leaves him. after an emotional embrace. thomas takes one last look at andrea and asks her to pray for him. both the ladies run off to the dock where they get saved and successfully make it off the island. whereas back on the meadows, malcolm staggers to thomas, who's lying in the grass. they both watch in awe as a planter sprouts from the ground. as thomas's blood drops fall on it, malcolm smiles at him. as thomas gets engulfed by the grass around him, the movie comes to an end as the vines creep into his skin and he becomes the apostle of the island. drop a comment below, letting me know how you found the video. make sure to like subscribe and ring the notification bell. thanks for watching, guys, 