[Music], hi michael here. today i'll show you a drama, mystery, sci-fi film called the happening. spoiler alert, you'll understand the important plot points. the film opens in new york. people start to get confused in central park, repeating their words, standing still and sometimes walking backwards. we hear a few screams. a woman reading on a bench takes her silver chopstick style hair pin out of her hair and stabs herself in the neck with it. meanwhile, on a building site, workers on the ground are chatting, when all of a sudden a body falls panicked, thinking the worker just fell off the roof by mistake, they rush over to his broken body. while they looked over the body, another thud, another worker. they look at him confused. one is possible, two is unlikely. and when the third falls, it seems impossible. then yet another and another, crashing to earth. when they look up, they see many running off the edge, apparently by their own will, looking completely calm and sure of their actions. in the next shot, we see a science teacher named elliot talking about the event science cannot explain, about thousands of disappearing bees, no bodies left, no trace. a student offers the opinion that this is a natural event that we will never fully understand. several students start to speculate on the phenomenon that is the disappearing bees. when elliot is suddenly called out of class to a staff meeting warning about an apparent terrorist attack in new york in which terrorists have apparently released some kind of gas in central park, and advising that school is cancelled. as they leave, elliott confesses to his friend julian, a math teacher, that he and his wife are having some problems. elliot and his wife, alma, flee philadelphia on a train with julian and his daughter jess. on the train, people start to get reports by cell phone that the attacks have been reported at their destination and in many other places. alma is getting repeated and insistent calls on her phone from someone called joey, and she lies to elliot about it. the movie moves on to show ridden house park in philadelphia, where a woman walks her dog and a breeze begins to blow. a traffic cop walking through a traffic jam stops and comments to a taxi driver about the chilly weather. suddenly, everyone stops in their tracks. and the dog runs across the road after his leash drops to the ground, leading us back to the cop who is now standing still in front of the cap. a gunshot rings out, and he drops to the ground as blood spurts from a bullet wound on his forehead. the taxi driver gets out, walks over to the dead cop, picks up the gun from beside the body and shoots himself in the forehead as well. a woman in high heels steps off the sidewalk, picks up the gun again, and we hear another gunshot. the train ends up leaving elliott alma, julian, jess and all the other passengers in a small rural town, as the conductors have lost radio contact with everyone else. at a diner, they see a newscast that suggests the suicides are not caused by a terrorist attack, but by a natural phenomena. a reporter says that the toxin switches off the part of the brain that keeps us from harming ourselves. julian has by now lost phone contact with his wife, who is visiting princeton, and starts to panic as some lady shows elliott a youtube type video she was sent on her iphone showing a man walk into a lion's den at a zoo and taunting the lions with his hands to try to get them to attack him. julian finds a lift with some people heading to princeton. he leaves jess with elliot and alma. when he gets there, princeton is also infected, and there are dozens of people hanging from trees over the road. the driver of the car crashes deliberately into a tree at high speed, and julian slashes his wrists with broken windscreen glass and dies. meanwhile, elliott and alma decide, along with everybody else, to flee for the state line with jess, as the attacks seem only to be affecting the northeast us. a nice couple who run a plant nursery offer to take them in their car. the man suggests to elliott and alma that the toxin is produced by plants. he explains the way plants can communicate with other plants and the way they can release chemicals to get rid of specific pests. while trying to reach the state line, they see bodies ahead in the road. turning back, they meet many other cars, all converging on a country road junction. all report bodies back the way they have come. organized by an army private they abandon the cars and set out on foot, heading for a small, remote housing development that one man who happens to be a realtor knows about. it's new and small and not on any maps except local ones, so they hope it will be safe from the terrorists. since it appears they are focusing on large cities and roads, one group leaves right away from the crossroads, but most people take a moment to gather their belongings from their cars. so they walk in two groups across the fields. the smaller group, 10 to 12 people, with elliot, alma and jess, is in front. the larger 20 to 25 people, including the soldier and the plant couple, is behind them. by three or four minutes, this larger group gets infected, and the soldier become delusional, shouting something about how he is a soldier and his gun is his friend and he will not leave it. then elliott's group hears the gunshots as one by one, they presumably use the soldier's gun to kill themselves. elliott starts to believe that it is indeed the plants, and that the toxin is triggered by large groups of people. he yells at everyone to split up into smaller groups. and the group peels off into three smaller groups, all running away in different directions. alma tells elliot that if they are going to die, she wants to tell him something. one night, when she had told elliot she was working late, she actually went out for tiramisu with joey from work, but that's all that happened. after walking for a bit, elliott responds by claiming that he finds the girl who works at the local drugstore particularly attractive, and that he occasionally buys cough medication from her, even when he isn't coughing. later, he admits that he made this up. elliott, alma, jess and two teenagers find a show home for the new development. there is some comic relief as elliott talks to a plan he sees blowing inside, and introduces himself, saying he is giving good vibes so it won't harm him. it turns out the plan is plastic, but he keeps talking for a little just in case, feeling like an idiot. as they leave, they look back and see two small groups of people arrive at the show home, forming one larger group that many people trigger the toxin, and they stand around confused, except for one man who starts up a large commercial lawnmower, then lies in the grass in front of it as it rips him apart. our five people all end up on the front porch of a boarded-up house asking for food, while jess plays on a rope swing suspended from a tree branch. the inhabitants of the house refuse to offer food or shelter, and the two teenagers start to get very aggressive, kicking at the door and shouting at the people inside. the inhabitants shoot the two teenagers dead, one through the chest and the second through the head. elliot is horrified. elliott, alma and jess move until they find an old house with no power, which they think is abandoned. a spooky old lady lives there who chooses to remain out of contact with the whole world. she doesn't want to know about the event in the outside world. however, she gives them supper and a bed for the night. we then see a newscast discussing the toxin. a scientist is suggesting that judging from the severity and number of the attacks. and assuming some similarities to other kinds of natural toxins like ocean algae, the attacks will peak at 9 00 am. the next day and very quickly fall away to nothing. following that. there's a graph that shows a drastic tail off of toxin activity. in the morning, when elliot wakes up, the old lady tells him that he alma and jess have to leave. she seems completely bonkers. she then goes outside into the garden, pauses and starts walking backwards. the toxin has affected her. as elliot cowers inside the house, the old lady walks around the porch and headbutts the walls and eventually the window, leaving glass splinters in her face and eye, and also letting in the wind and the toxin. elliot runs through the house trying to find alma and jess. he can hear them, but can't locate them. he thinks he hears them in the cellar, but when he goes in, he is alone. alma and jess are actually outside in an old stone spring house. a speaking tube between the spring house and the cellar has transmitted their voices as clearly as if they were right next to elliot. and elliott can talk to them through this. he explains that the toxin now seems to be set off by even one person alone. elliott decides that if he is going to die, he doesn't want to die alone. they all leave their safe hiding places and walk into the middle of the garden and hold hands. the wind blows, nothing happens. it had ended three months later, and they are all living back in philly, which looks business as usual. while the streets are fairly empty, there are cars driving around and people walking on the sidewalks. jess is off to school by bus. alma is doing a pregnancy test. it's positive, and elliot hugs her and looks delighted. on the tv as a scientist warning that the event was like a red tide, the first sign that the planet is rejecting humans as pests. the host says that if that were true, it would be happening in other places. cut to the gardens in paris, france. two guys are walking discussing plans for after work that evening. cue, distant scream. one guy starts to repeat his words about a bike. everyone stands still. other guy says, in french oh my god. this is michael movie recap channel. see you in the next video. bye. 