welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who was voted most likely to be a time traveler in the class of 2099. are you having that now? loki, episode 1 introduces some of marvel's most powerful characters into the mcu. the tva are the kind of people that use the power stone as a paperweight. and in this video, we're going to be breaking down everything that you need to know about them. this includes who the organization are as a whole, what's going on with the timekeepers, and our theory on why kang the conqueror could be behind it all. bold spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had time on your hands to check it out, then i highly recommend that you check out now. if you enjoy the video, then please smash the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe, or i'll gut you like a fish. what's a fish? now, without the way, thanks for the click. let's get into the video. okay. so i think before talking about the tva, we have to talk about the timekeepers, as they're basically what the entire organization is built around. now, the thing that you have to understand about the marvel universe is that it's very much cyclical. and when it dies, it respawns the next phase, which starts again with some slight variations on what came before. upon its ending, the universe goes into what's called a heat death. and from this, something new is created. in the comics, the timekeepers were created by he who remains, who was the last surviving member of the tva from the previous universal cycle. it's very much a chicken in the egg situation in which we don't really know what came first. and he who remains created the timekeepers in order to avoid the mistakes of the past. interestingly, the first attempt to make them resulted in the time twisters, which just so happens to be the name of a device in the show. he who remains didn't want the previous issues from the prior universe to develop once more, and thus he made the timekeepers to protect not only the timeline, but time itself. now there were actually four created, but one was exiled to egypt, which we'll talk about later on. their main jobs were to unravel any issues caused by time travel. and thus they founded the tva who would follow their orders in order to keep things on this straight and narrow. they've gone head to head with the avengers several times. and upon the emergence of scarlet witch, they quickly identified her as a nexus being. now they've also worked alongside a mortise who you might also know as nathaniel richards, aka kang the conqueror. they sent him out to stop skull at witch from having children, but as with most time travel shenanigans, he ended up causing events that led to her relationship with vision. now, in case you don't know who kang the conqueror is, he's likely going to be the next big bad in the mcu. and jonathan mages has been cast as the villain in the upcoming ant-man movie, quantum mania. ravana ren slayer also features in the show as a judge, and she was very much the object of kang's affections. thus it is possible that he could be popping up now. the timekeepers in kang are very much mortal enemies. and due to the antagonists constantly using time travel to achieve his goals, they've often hired the tva and helped heroes from behind the scenes in order to defeat him. now, because we don't really see the timekeepers in the show. i actually think that they might not exist anymore, and that it could be kang controlling the events that we see play out in the series. i would love it if the fourth time keeper that was exiled was somewhat changed in the show to actually be nathaniel, and we could learn that he had overthrown the three in order to alter time for his own ends. something just seems off with the tva and the way that they're worshipped as deities. it just makes no god damn sense. now, interestingly, in the comics, the time twisters actually came back and pretended to be the time keepers. they sent immortus out to absorb the energy of skull at which and shortly after, he started working against them. since then, they've used their powers to control events to the best of their abilities. and though it is possible to escape their grasp and defeat them, the majority of the marvel universe is the way that they wished it to be. now, their main tool is the tva, or rather, the time variance authority. not only are they the monitors of the timeline, they're also judge, jury and executioner when deciding what timelines are allowed to exist. using their temporal charges, they can pretty much prune an entire branch reality from existence and very much decide the flow of history. though we don't see time travel in the mcu until the events of avengers end game. in marvel comics, it actually pops up far more than you might think. lots of people go back and change time. and whether events are drastically altered or not, the butterfly effect often creates new variants, which the tva are always there to clean up. now, they first showed up in thor 327, and through justice piece, we sort of got a hint towards how they operated. this storyline, which spanned the aforementioned entry and the following one, merely introduced them. and it wasn't until 353 of the fantastic four that we learned more about them. here they arrested marvel's first family for crimes against time travel, and we discovered their headquarters in an old time zone. the man put in charge of the fantastic four case was mobius. and mobius, who is, of course, played by owen wilson in the show. now, the fantastic four managed to escape, and several tva files were lost during this. mobius was nearly demoted, and he attempted to capture the fantastic four once more in order to right the wrongs of his own past. throughout the comics, he's worked alongside the kang dynasty in kronanopolis, which, depending on what fan theories you read, may have been a miniature city that could be spotted in the quantum realm. in ant-man and the wasp. mobius has remained somewhat a mysterious figure, and we haven't really had an origin story for him yet. he has, however, made his presence felt in the comics, and he did appear during she-hulk's trial, when she was charged with attempting to warn a past version of hawkeye of his inevitable death. now, though he tends not to get his own hands dirty in the source material, the show seems to be something that's going to have him more on site than his comic book counterpart. i have seen episode 2 of the show already, as i got early access to the first two from disney. i know i don't want to spoil anything. he does have a way more active role in that than what i've ever really seen in the comics, it's clear he wants to stop this variant of loki no matter what, and he's gonna be a great sidekick to the main man. now, with him taking a bit more of a back seat in the comics, he tends to use the time cops that the tva have, or the chrono monitors, as they're called in the marvel universe. the mcu has changed them up slightly to be called the minutemen. and this is likely because ms minutes seems to be someone quite high up in the organization. though she initially seems just like the face or mascot of the group, we can see in the elevator shots that there is a flaw that leads directly to her. so she may be an actual living entity. or if we're wrong about kang, perhaps she is one of the time keepers. now, as for the minutemen, the show has them possessing far more personality than they do in the comics. in those they're pretty much faceless individuals that are created through quantum technology. they don't really have a life, certainly don't know what a fish is, and only spring into existence at the offshoot of a new reality. these work all hours of the day. and you could say they're working overtime. hey, you're having that. now, every reality comes with them as they exist within the main timeline. when a branch reality is born, they come along with it much in the same way that everything from the main timeline does. so they're always there to stand guard when a new offshoot is made. it's a lot to get your head around, and i think the show is going more with the idea that these are just agents who are assigned to bring in temporal offenders so that they can be seen by a judge. now what do they say to the clock when it's time's up? hands. hands up, like like hands on a clock. now, though they pretty much hold the entire power of the universe in their hands, they're not all powerful, and their abilities are limited to things like human error and the constant bureaucracy that they have to deal with. managing all the events that they have to throughout time and the paperwork that goes with it is very time consuming. and though they will most likely get round to fixing almost every problem, some do slip through the net. the ending of the first episode has also shown that it is possible to evade them too, and strike at them when they least expect it. in the final scene, we catch a mysterious variant of loki waiting until they're investigating an oil dig carried out by a time traveler. and here they strike. this variant has also managed to evade their capture. and this shows that they're not all powerful. and the next episode does unravel a lot of the mystery surrounding who this is. but until then, i'd love to hear your thoughts and theories on the tva. as a thank you for commenting on the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 30th of june, in which we're giving away three copies of the mcu phase three box set. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the video. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the first episode itself, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the full plot and pointed out most of the easter eggs. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want something else after this. without the way, thank you for saying through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 