hello everyone. this is mr bring junkie here. and today we're going to be talking about alice in borderland, episode 6. so the episode starts by giving us a little backstory about mr hatter. apparently, through flashbacks, he was the one who started the beach in the first place. but what surprises us is that the yakuza was there with him as well. is it possible that they used to be friends, and the wrong turn split their friendship into two fractions? also, notice how the hatter actually said that he will create an utopian society as the purpose of the beach, instead of actually finding a way out of here. keep this in mind as we continue with the series. we come back to current events, and sees that arizu is having a hangover after last night's rendezvous with the hatter. miss sporty pants, with her early schedule, wakes them up, and it's revealed that they were actually trying to gather information. they continue with their inquiries with people living on the beach, but the best that they could get are wild theories and unreliable rumors. it baffles me that most people still think that it was tokyo that disappeared, and not the other way around. also, how can they live so carefree? don't they realize that their days are literally numbered? just before they're about to give up, iris saw the two women who were watching them suspiciously in the beginning. he tries to talk to them, but they ran away. it's funny how he automatically assumes that they ran because they thought he was hitting on them. i guess his assumptions were from past experiences. but that's not the main point. he heard some gunshots and followed it to a large dumpster, which a few men with guns were just walking away from. needless to say, when he opened it up, it almost scared the living daylights out of him. just before he can recover from the first surprise, a second one comes in the form of mr assassin's creed and miss blue bikinis. they explained to him that this is the result of the third rule of the beach, where all traitors die. they also reject hatter's method of bringing everyone back, since it would take an enormous amount of games to do that. each complete set of cards only brings back one person of the highest ranking there's also the problem with the militians and their growing desire for rebellion therefore, the blondie suggests that they steal the cards and leave the beach. meanwhile, we see the boss is heading towards a game since, like everyone else, his visa also eventually expires. however, it looks like he was followed by someone else, most likely a militiant up to no good. unsurprisingly, as the game finished, they also found hatter's dead body. this traditionally meant that rank 2 becomes rank 1. however, the militians began threatening everyone and forced to take over, where the yakuza becomes the new boss of the beach. they have this whole ceremony for the new number one, where he opens a black envelope sealed by the previous boss, and this apparently tells the new number one the code for a save where the cards are stored. with the death of hatter, the blondie decides that this is the golden opportunity for stealing the cards. since bad things are likely to happen with the change of power. his plan is to have hours to enter the hatter's room and steal the cards, while kawina and uzaki act as lookouts. personally, i have a terrible feeling about this plan. since it seems like arizu was given the most dangerous job from a person who he barely knows, why doesn't the blondie go in the room himself, instead of telling our sutu? second, when asked about the code for the safety box, the blondie assures him that he will tell arizu once he is there. clearly he does not trust our protagonist with this information until our sue has done what he wanted. however, our main character's blind optimism once again convinced not only himself, but uzaki to take on this dangerous mission. when irisu entered the hatter's room, he quickly located a safety box and assumed it's where the cards are. the blondie then tells him that the password, which he deduced to be as eight, zero, two, two, since it's the boss insignia on the ring, used to seal the envelope. our suit then enters the password, but it unexpectedly turned on the alarm instead. usagi is also apprehended by the militians, while mr assassin's creed accompanies the yakuza. it looks like i was right to not trust the lady looking man, as i learned from enough tv. shows that all men with long blonde hair are backstabbers. arizu is then beat up mercilessly by mr nose rings and the yakuza, stairs towards the wall where a portrait of a deer hangs. this, of course, is all noted by the blondie backstabber. our poor iris sue is then tied up and blindfolded onto a chair, while mr nose ring promises to do unspeakable things to his unofficial girlfriend. meanwhile, the blondie explains how he used arizu as bait to figure out where the real safe is, and proceeds to take all the playing cards. unfortunately, mr nose rings threats to irisu is real, and he forces usagi onto a bed with his thugs. he then proceeds to rip her clothing open and do what. okay, i have to say that this guy does not know how to use his tongue with the ladies, as he licks usagi everywhere except for where it counts, if you know what i mean. no wonder he is single and so angry all the time. before he can figure out how to really please a lady. an announcement of a game comes on, and everyone rushes into the main lobby. this gave usagi a chance to escape, but she does not know where to even start looking for a protagonist who's tied up and alone in a chair. the game is announced to be the ten of hearts, and we see that one of the woman who stared at our suit and usagi from the previous episode has a knife sticking out of her heart. the whole beach is then surrounded by lasers so that no one can escape. the game explains that the dead girl was, in fact, killed by a witch, and they must find this person and burn him or her within 2 hours. thus the 10 of heart game begins, and we will dive deep into detail for the next episode. so what did you guys think about today's episode? please let me know in the comments below. and if you like my video, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time you 