so with this being the penultimate episode, we're certainly in for another great one this weekend. there's a few storylines and story arcs that they've been building over the last episode or two, and one of them is with jukebox. we saw nicole's death in episode seven, but we haven't seen jukebox read the letter that was left for her. we're gonna continue seeing nicole's mom going after jukebox. and there are a few images that have been released for episode nine, and we're going to be discussing them and breaking down these new images as we run through this video. but she's also going to be meeting detective burke, as we all know from the trailer. and hopefully we see this confrontation with marvin, which i'm going to get to when i speak about jukebox's story arc. we're going to see lulu in hospital and marvin on a complete rampage after he tries to make an amends with raqqael. and there's going to be this whole issue with detective howard raquel and kanan, and will kanan finally learn the truth? so we're going to be looking at all of these storylines along with the synopsis for episode 9 in this preview predictions video. but of course, if you're new to the channel and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscriber and if you want to see everything power book 3 and power universe related, let's start with the synopsis for episode 9, which reads as lu recovers in hospital. marvin seeks revenge, feeling the pressure racked hands to kanan to take out the biggest threat to their family. so that's the synopsis, which straightaway tells us that louie is going to survive the fire, which i would say 90 of us knew that he was going to survive anyway, and not finishing the job on lu was a huge mistake for morel and he's definitely going to have marvin out for revenge in episode nine. now, the actor did tease himself that he was dead, but he was definitely just playing with us all. so we're gonna see him recovering. and this will probably put lou out for this week, and maybe even next week's episode as well, because i'm sure episode 10 will pretty much kick off from whatever happens at the end of episode 9. and lou is gonna take some time to recover. scrappy has also been out of action for a while as well, but i think we're going to see him back either this week or next week. but with lou, this is really going to change him and the direction his character goes in at the beginning of next season. and i'm sure, as jessica is there in the hospital by his side, she's gonna be in his mind about him leaving the game and that side of the world behind him. and she's concentrating on his music label, which they've already foreshadowed to happen with the deal that he forced crown into in the last episode. but we all know leaving the game isn't as simple as it sounds. and ghost is a perfect example of one of the best ending up dead trying to leave the game. we still need to see him mentor kanan, and i'm sure this is something we're going to see in season 2. this season, we've seen marvin mentor kanan more than lou has, and we're going to continue seeing more of the same in episode 9. and before raising cadence started, some of you will remember i said marvin is going to be the one to show kanan how to clean a gun. it was an interview that the actor london brown gave and mentioned that he's going to show kanan the ropes in the first season. and this is what we're going to continue to see in episode 9. marvin is going to show kane and how to take apart a gun and how to clean it, just like we see in this image. so this mentoring is going to continue in the next episode with marvin and kanan, especially because he's going to have to step up and deal with a threat. i'm gonna get to that part of the synopsis after i'm done talking about marvin. and we really are gonna see marvin really coming for revenge this week. he's gonna be a man on a mission to not only seek revenge for lou but also redeem himself and show rack and do what he can really do. because he has messed up a few times this season, no doubt he has. but raki's gonna have to start trusting him a bit more. in the coming episode, we see her putting her fists out to marvin. and this is a conversation between the two where she really needs to start backing him, trusting him a bit more, and telling him, look, you wanted to do the gangster [ __ ] because you're a gangster. well, now's your time. and this is exactly what we're going to see marvin do with this episode. he's going to take it to unique and hit him back. and i'm sure he's going to drop a body or two in the process. but it's going to be hard to hit unique. he's very well protected with his bulletproof car that he has. and he also has power in numbers. so i do think racquel and marvin will need help, and they may even seek help from joaquin and his men in this episode. i'm going to come back to marvin when i talk about jukebox, because their relationship really will start to take a turn, in my opinion. but sticking with the synopsis of the episode, the final part is rak turning to kanan to take out the biggest threat to their family. and i went through all of the threats that raquel, kanan and the thomas family have at the moment. there's detective howard, rob, tony davina and younique. so who is going to ask kanan to deal with? for me, some of two people, is either detective howard or little rob. and we're not going to dive deep on each of the other characters because this is something i did on thursday. i'm going to link the video down below for those who haven't seen it. but i think with li rob's stitching arcade, he definitely has to go. so here's one of my death predictions going into episode 9. it's just a matter of who kills him, and whether he's the threat that rak wants kanan to deal with, whether it's detective howard. because it would make sense if he is howard, and that was the threat that rocket last kenya to deal with, because he's a threat to raquel and kanan, especially. she doesn't want the streets knowing that she was [ __ ] a cop, and she definitely doesn't want the streets knowing that kanan is a son of a cop either. it would also make sense as to why kaiden saw to rican himself. he stopped short of just pulling the trigger on tariq in breezy's old apartment when he said that he hated his father ghost. and they have a lot of things in common, and killing their fathers may just be something else they have in common, especially because detective howard would never see it coming from kanan. and these are a few images of rack and kanan. and with kanan, she really is gonna have to lean on him and ask him for help. in this episode, especially with lulu and scrappy out, rocky's gonna have to trust kanan, just like she's gonna have to trust marvin. but she's gonna have to trust kanan in taking out the biggest threat to their family. and will kanan get the job done? that's the question. will kanan manage to eliminate the threat? but coming away from the synopsis, something i'm excited to see is this relationship, with lack of relationship, between marvin and jukebox. throughout the season we've seen this awkwardness between them. and even in episode six, lou told marvin, try and be a better father to your daughter if you can see past your nose. and we've seen him snooping around jukeboxes things before, so i really wouldn't be surprised if we see him snooping through duke's room again and finding some pictures of her and nicole, or even the videotape of her and nicole singing. now the trailer seemed as if joe had a bruise on her face. so i wonder whether she does get into a bus stop with marvin, and whether we see them having this talk about why there's such a disconnect between the two. could we even hear about marvin opening up to duke about the past and who our moms is, because we know that she's someone that's going to be introduced in season 2. so this is something i really hope we see, because it's something else that the actor london brown, who plays marvin, teased before the season even started. he said there's going to be a major scene where marvin and jukebox finally have their talk about why there's such a disconnect between the two. and marvin has to come to reality with this as she confronts him and he confronts her. so hopefully this is the episode where we see this confrontation between the two characters, because it's going to give us a bit more understanding of why jukebox became the character she did. and even though we started to piece some of the puzzle together about her character already, this is going to give us more of duke's story. but we're also going to see duke where nicole's note that she left something that she found in the last episode when she was at nicole's house. but we never saw her reading what she wrote. so i'm sure this is something that we'll see in episode 9. and while jukebox is devastated with the death of nicole, on the other side, we're going to see nicole's mom again, this time at the precinct, and no doubt, probably blaming jukebox for the death of nicole once again, just like we saw in the last episode. and then we have the storyline between detective burke and jukebox as well. we saw them in the trailer where jukebox said that all the cops are in danger, and she just doesn't want to see anybody else getting her. and i do wonder whether this is a wider plan from raquel, just like how she has a position for kanan, taking out the biggest threat to the family, which she speak to duke and ask her to play a position for her as well, and that's getting into the police force with the use of detective berg, which she actually tell berg that her and the cops are in danger, because they really are in danger. i really hope they don't paint duke to be a snitch. so i really do hope it is a part of raka's master plan, but only time will tell. but those are the main storylines going into episode 9, and breaking down the synopsis for the next episode. now, someone who we didn't touch on in this video was davina, because she's been taken into foster care. so i don't know whether we'll see this plane apart again this season, or whether this is something that we're gonna see going into season two. but those are the latest images from episode nine and what we can expect. and i'm excited to see marvin's rampage and whether we see this confrontation between marvin and duke, despite everything else that's going on, this is really one thing i'm looking forward to seeing, if it does happen this episode. but let me know what you guys think down below in the comment section. drop all your predictions and theories down below. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything power book 3 and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 