listen, this movie did jerry dirty. now, i had to ask the lme listeners who y'all would pick when it came, you know, between the cat and the mouse. and surprisingly, it was an even split. as for me, in my household, though, we're team jerry all the way. in terms of their new movie over on hbo, max, you know, i thought it was okay. i can't really hate it, considering it's a movie that's clearly meant for kids. you know, it doesn't really skim on the goofiness that the cartoon had. it's all there. but for a duo whose stories are usually told within 11 minutes, yeah, they they definitely stretched this one out more than tom. let me explain. so this feature comes from tim's story, who's no stranger to the comedy genre. we're adapting big properties, since he did handle the 2000's fantastic four. now, in this world, all the animals are cartoony, so it's kind of normal to see a dude picking up after an animated bulldog. he just probably would have needed a hefty bag. it's clear that roger rabbit was a big influence on how they tried to create this world, which is interesting, since tom and jerry were cut from that movie, as seen in some of the deleted storyboards. but this wouldn't be the first time that they've mixed mediums before. in my opinion, it's just too much human. and i don't have cat and mouse in this flick. pretty much the story revolves around chloe's character, who's conniving her way into a job at this fancy hotel, where colin jost is finally getting a public wedding with his wife of color. tom continues his quest to become a keyboard cat, while jerry's just trying to survive in america. meanwhile, pena's like an inch away from choking on his accent. directly nervous. i'm not acting nervous. no, what's in your pocket? ah, nah, the monster's in the box. here's the thing though, it's not as funny as it could have been. you know, the cast is giving it their all, and i do think that they went all in, maybe to win. like there's a scene where chloe's trying to capture jerry, and he went up sir, and the look on this girl's face was like she just found the one. which is funny, because she's practically human. jerry she's finagling her way into places the same way jerry does. her tie is jerry's color, while penguins is tom's. her middle name is judith, while pena goes by terence, which de donde. either way, it is ironic to see that they hate their counterparts when, like tom, terrence is the one causing all the destruction because these two don't know how to chill. but let me defend jerry. all you tom fans are trying to defend him with the woe is me, please. he's a snitch dude called cat ice on his own like i'm not worried about his piano career. this cat really walked into a royal hotel and got a job on the spot. jerry doesn't have that privilege. homie's out here living a modern day american tale, just trying to survive, while tom is an employed house cat who wants to be john legend. jerry needs a home, but the rent is too damn high. you'll see him as a ring thief. i see him as someone who knew the relationship wasn't going to work out. see, he's bargaining for an item, and that's a no but murder okay, y'all will really praise parasite, but then i have a problem with jerry taking the tiny hotel shampoos that said, yeah, i'm not gonna lie. he's a pretty slick one. you know, there is a reason why his og name was jinx. now drop the brink. all in all, i also think there's a reason why their cat and mouse shenanigans have injured almost a century. you know, they have the most oscar wins for an animated duo. some of the best parts of the movie are the homages they do to classic stunts that they pulled on each other throughout the years. and it just proves the magic of animation. you can adapt them into human forms to showcase a young swindler trying to survive in the city, or an uptight stickler who feels society is turned on him. but i think what makes a cartoon great is a limited amount of dialogue. so far, warner bros has this thing with focusing more on the human characters and not the title characters of their movies. and as committed as the actors can be, you know, we're not there for the star power of the cast. there's a reason why they credit tom and jerry as themselves, and even had them doing their own press. overall, the movie was all right. and while i give it a stream it the the way streaming is working nowadays, it kind of feels like a rented since it'll be gone off of hbo within a month, so if you're interested in catching it, or going to get the service, just, you know, make sure your subscription overlaps so you can catch judas as well. in terms of warner bros family films, though, i think it's only a matter of time before they figure out how to balance all the classics that they have and adapting them for a new generation. i'm just hoping it's in time for the space jam sequel. thank you guys for checking out this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. are you team jerry? if not, why? other than that, uh, i'm curious whether you like this one, what other ones you're curious on seeing them get adapted into. hopefully not everything's gonna be this hybrid thing. i think it's okay to just have a full animation out there. but, you know, when it comes into a family films, you know, usually have this little meter where it's either gonna be too kiddish, just right, or maybe too much for adults. this one definitely more on the kids side, which i don't think is a bad thing. you know, you look at the warner bro kids youtube channel, you can see how many kids are still attracted to the shorts. they don't even know what the dislike button does. but i do think that there will come a time where we'll get better adaptations of these. you know, maybe there just can't be that much money riding on it. like, you look at what fans can do, and sometimes they come up with more interesting things. so maybe it's just a matter of time. but, uh, it's interesting to see that tim's story is also gonna be working on a monopoly movie with kevin hart. so he's got that in the future. uh. but i did want to bring up that one of the writers of this movie, you know, don't hold it against it, but anytime that i can, he did write bixby bear, and any time i can shout out that movie, you know, i will. so definitely go watch briggs be bear. in case you saw this movie and ended up in this video, at least you have that one on your radar. but i'm curious to know your thoughts on this one, any other movies that are coming up on the horizon. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and we'll make a live action road runner. 