in 1982, a giant extraterrestrial spaceship arrives and hovers over the south african city of johannesburg. an investigation team finds over one million malnourished aliens, derogatorily called prawns inside. and the south african government relocates them to a camp called district 9. however, over the years, it turns into a slum, and locals often complain that the aliens are filthy, ignorant lawbreakers who bleed resources from humans. following unrest between the aliens and locals, the government hires multinational united mnu, a huge weapons manufacturer, to relocate the aliens to a new camp outside the city. pete smith, an mnu executive, appoints mnu employee and his son-in-law, wikis van de merwe, to lead the relocation. meanwhile, three aliens, christopher johnson, his young son, cj, and his friend paul, search a district 9 garbage dump for alien fuel in prawn technology, which christopher has had them spend the last 20 years synthesizing enough of to enact his plan. they finally finish in paul shack as the relocation begins. but when wikis comes to the shack to serve paula notice he finds the hidden container with the fuel and accidentally sprays some of it in his face while confiscating it. paul is killed by kubus venture, a cruel mnu mercenary. wikkus begins mutating into a prawn, starting with his left arm. injured after the fuel exposure. after playing down his symptoms, he passes out and is taken to a hospital where his left hand is now a prawn claw. he is transferred to the mnu lab, where researchers perform brutal experiments and discover his chimeric dna grants him the ability to operate prawn weaponry that is biologically restricted for humans. wanting to capture this human slash alien hybridity before wikkus fully transforms, smith orders wikis body to be vivisect and harvested for its profitable properties. wikis, however, overpowers the lab personnel and escapes. while ventures forces hunt for him, a smear story is broadcast, one that reaches wiki's wife and smith's daughter, tanya, claiming wikkus is a wanted fugitive who has contracted a contagious disease from copulating with aliens. wikis takes refuge in district 9, finding christopher and the spaceship's concealed command module dropship underneath his house. christopher explains to wick as the confiscated fuel is crucial to his plan of reactivating the drop ship, and if he can get them in the drop ship to the mothership, he can cure wikis. wiki's attempts to acquire weapons from the district nine nigerian arms dealer, obison joe, who wants to eat wikis alien arm to gain alien abilities. wikkus, however, seizes an alien weapon and escapes. wikis and christopher force their way through mnu to the lab and retrieve the fuel. however, after seeing the barbaric experiments mnu has performed on his people in the lab, including a dissected paul, christopher tells wikis he must return home as fast as possible for help, and cannot undo wiki's mutation until he returns in three years, due to the limited supply of the fuel. enraged, wikkus knocks christopher down and attempts to fly the module to the mother ship himself, but it is shot down by ventures forces. venter captures wikous and christopher. but obese and joe's gang ambushes the mnu convoy and seizes wikis and prepares to chop off his prawn arm. meanwhile, cj, remaining hidden in the dropship, remotely activates the mothership and a large alien mechanized battle suit in obese and joe's base. the suit guns down the nigerians, and wikis enters the suit and rescues christopher from the mercenaries. heading to the dropship, the two come under heavy fire, and wicku stays behind to fend off the mercenaries, buying time for christopher, who promises to return after three years, and he'll wikis to leave after all of the other mercenaries are killed. ventor finally cripples the suit and is about to execute wikis when slum aliens attack and dismember him alive. christopher makes it into the dropship with cj, and the dropship is levitated via a tractor beam back into the mothership, which leaves earth. mnu's experiments are exposed and the aliens are moved to the new camp named district 10. tanya finds a metal flower on her doorstep, giving her hope that wikkus is still alive. humanity is left to speculate whether or not christopher will return to declare war on earth, or if he will return to take all the aliens back to their home world. meanwhile, a now fully transformed wikis is shown in a junkyard, crafting the flower for his wife. you 