what would you do if you were stranded in a cable car in freezing weather with nobody to help you? in this video, i will break down what went wrong and how to survive. the movie break the movie begins with a group of friends snowboarding on a mountain and enjoying each other's company. they talk about each other and that they are going to make their way to a lift so they can enjoy new year's eve across the mountain. right off the bat we can see that they are deciding to travel across the mountain. while the group is walking to their cable car, we see they have a lot of booze, so most of them may be a bit drunk. they see the nice view, so they stop to take a picture. a few seconds later, the girl in the orange gets a facetime call, and they discuss what they are doing in some personal things about her relationship. the group then makes their way to the lodge that has the cable car. but there's a problem. the worker one let them use the cable car because it's new year's eve and the man wants to be done for the day. they are able to persuade the man with money, and eventually are able to get onto the cable car. before they leave, the man in the brown says he lost his bag, so he decides to stay behind. as the rest of the group leaves on the cable car. the only way i would stay back to find my bag is if it was crucial to my survival or worth a lot. the man in the red decides to start playing music and open a bottle of wine. he then tries for the third time to get with the girl in the orange, but she refuses. suddenly, all the lights shut off on the mountains and the lift stops. luckily, the man at the lodge sees this and goes to try and fix it. after 15 minutes, the man is able to get the power back up. but stupidly, the man in the red decided to open the doors and go to the bathroom. when the cable car starts to move again, the man almost falls out, but is saved by his friend. after this incident, the group should notice that he is risky and has been drinking all night. a few seconds later, he finds the bag his friend was searching for. the man decides to look through his bag and finds another wine bottle. at this point we notice that he is not even worried that he almost died a few minutes earlier. so he is either crazy or very drunk. one of the friends calls the man to let him know his bag was found. the man decided to skip the cable car for his ring, which we will see later. when the girl in the orange looks at this bag, she notices a black box with the ring in it, which was for her. she is not excited because she was thinking about ending her relationship with the man in brown, but this basically prevents that from happening. she decides to call him, but none of them have phone service. back at the lodge, the worker is near the gears. when his keys get caught, he starts to choke and decides to throw a pipe in the gear, which causes another electrical failure. i'm really curious why this whole lodge only has one worker in it. maybe it's different in russia, but i know for a fact that if there is still people on the mountain, there will be more than one worker at every location. but the man isn't able to save himself and dies a few seconds later. the man in brown is seen walking by himself a few minutes before the new year up at the cable car, the group decides to celebrate the new year with some drinks. as they watch the fireworks, they then take more videos and enjoy their drinks, not realizing that they are in big trouble. the next morning, she wakes up and we see everything has frost on it. that turns out to be a dream, and all her friends are still alive. one of the guys is on top of the cable car and tells them to be optimistic about the situation. two workers are complaining about always having to do the hard work when they want to relax. the group decides to climb on top of the lift to get a better view of their surroundings. the workers don't realize the man is dead, and think that he has just left a mess, like he always does. smartly, the man in black takes charge and starts to rash in their supplies and save their flares. when one of their workers realizes the cable cars aren't working, she decides to call the repairman to help. the man that lost his bag is in his room when he gets a call from his mom asking when he is getting married. he says there won't be one, because his relationship is falling apart. if i were him, i would be concerned as to why my friends aren't back yet, or calling on the cable car. one of the girls starts to cough, so the man in charge smartly makes a fire out of the small christmas tree they have. this is smart because, as you saw, it can produce warmth, but it can also produce light. i would make sure to use this wisely, because during the night it can be great for getting people attention. at the lodge, customers ask when the lift will be open, and the worker says it closed and to use the one farther down the hill. the group gets into an argument about the food that was eaten. they are also thinking about crossing the cable with a harness. the man at the hotel starts to wonder where they are, so he texts one of them, but they don't have a connection. the girl slaps the guy in the red because he is being a coward, which leads to both men getting in a fight. orange decides to start video recording in talks about their plan to use a harness to reach help. before risking your life like this, i would try using my phone flashlight in a fire when it gets dark, i think this would surely get someone's attention. the group starts to lower him down, and he throws his snowboard to see if the ground is sturdy. but it's not. so the snow crumbles and breaks off. when he starts climbing up, he loses his grip, which drags the man in the red out of the cable car. he can't support the weight below him, so he cuts the rope, and his friend plummets to his death. at the hotel, the man knocks on his friend's door to no response. he doesn't know what his friends are going through, so he decides to leave for the airport. the girls realized the man in red cut the rope which killed him, so they are understandably upset at him. the girl in purple takes his knife and holds it at them both because she is sad that her boyfriend may be dead. the group realizes that she has a bad wound and is bleeding profusely. they quickly try to stop the bleeding with a belt and pressure on the wound. a few seconds later, they hear a helicopter in the distance. the man gets on top of the cable car and starts to wave. the smarter thing would be to grab the flares from earlier in the movie, or take your red jacket off and start waving that around. the girl finds the flares and climbs on the cable car to ignite one, but the helicopter already passed and doesn't see them. when they go to get back inside, the door doesn't open. the man in the car is depressed, so he listens to music as he heads to the airport. they think the wounded girl is dead, so they come up with a plan to open the main doors from the outside. the guy in red forces the girl to open the doors from the outside. she doesn't trust to men what he has done, so she uses her last flare as a defense. okay, she should have thought this through. i would take my chances by sliding down the side of the cable car, because if i was able to open the doors, i could keep the man locked on top of the lift. and if he was able to get past the door, i would be ready with weapons. when the flare runs out, she pushes him, getting him mad. she tries to slide down the side of the cable car to escape the man, but he takes a metal bar and tries to kill her. eventually, she is able to escape him and make it inside of the cable car. right away, he used the metal bar and tries to pry open the door, so she is forced to hold it closed. in doing so, the man breaks the bearings, loses his balance and falls to his death in the car. the man still hasn't got a call from his friends, so he calls the hotel to see if they are in their rooms, but they're not. he realizes something's wrong, so he gets back in his taxi to go back. as you saw, it turns out there was another dream she had. when she wakes up from being knocked out, she goes to check on her friend, but she is unresponsive. she then gets her coat back on and cleans up her wound. she knows she will freeze if she doesn't close the gap, so she gets snowboards in hopes of stopping the freezing cold weather. we see that she has lights, which she should be using to put on the cable car, so someone may be able to see the light and save her. she is able to take some paper scraps and her lighter and get a fire started. as you saw, the glass breaks and the wind extinguishes the fire. she has lost hope. so she makes one final video saying her goodbyes in the car. the man is tired of waiting, so he gets out to walk on foot. when he makes it there, he treat to get one of the workers to help him, but he refuses because of the oncoming snowstorm. eventually the worker gives in and takes the man to the top of the mountain. i'm wondering why, after all of this, the man still hasn't called the police for help. the girl gets a sudden burst of motivation, and when she is packing her things, the cable cars bolts break and she falls onto the glass. a few seconds later, the dead girl falls twin, breaks through the glass, falling to her death. she knows she has to get out before the whole lift falls. so she is able to open the door. but right as she gets up, the bolts break and the cable car falls down the mountain. the man enters the lodge and hear the sirens blaring. one of the workers says to send a rescue team, but she didn't know about the people still of the cable car. he then realizes that his friends may be dead. back at the cable car. the girl was able to get out and stay near the cables. she opens up her bag and loses control of the lights. the man sees the lights and realizes his girlfriend is still alive. he comes up with a plan to get the gears moving again. they are able to remove the metal bar, and the gears start to spin. the girl is saved and being treated for hypothermia as the movie ends. thank you all for watching. let me know what you want to see next. 