welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and with us now being past the halfway point of snowpiercer, things are really starting to go off the rails. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down everything you need to know about the latest entry, including our thoughts, theories and predictions for the future. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check out episode 6 yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you've been enjoying the coverage, and don't forget to subscribe, because we're going towards the finale a full steam ahead, without the way. thank you for clicking this. let's get into our breakdown of snowpiercer episode 6. episode 6 opens from the perspective of brakeman john, who discusses how he actually enjoys life on the train. John is, of course, a member of authority that enforces law and order on the train, whilst also breaking it on the side. he deals chronal. he's actually quite a contradictory character when you think about it. to me, this in general comments on the train and how hypocritical the idea of it is it's been set up to preserve life as abused, life as being the utmost important thing. however, the way that the high rock is on the train treat the life that live on bought it, namely, the tale, shows that they don't really value it at all. it's an interesting route to take for the intro. and the character utters the line at trouble comes sideways, which is the episodes title. this may be a reference to the janitor who said that snowpiercer was basically just a high-rise building turned on its side. however, there are a lot of interpretations that you can take throughout this opening. the main plot point of the episode are also set up. we see an electrical failure on board the train, which I think was caused by a leak that happened in the shootout with the serial killer. we then cut over 2/3, who are starting to see the train board it really is. they are clearly disappointed with the murder trial, and it looks like they want justice for Nicky Jay instead of just ice. you know, had to do one bad pun at least in the video. now, Layton is also experiencing issues that arise in coming off all too quickly. and throughout the episode, he suffers badly with withdrawal symptoms. after the titles, we joined the drivers discovering the electrical fault and Melanie receiving meditation therapy from Jinju. I think jin-joo being in the quote, unquote, engine room with Mel confirms that she is indeed aware of the character masquerading as Wilford. they talked about the strike going on in third, and this blowback from the trial shows how powerful third actually are, as it massively worries Melanie that can completely overrun the train if they wanted to. and I think the theories at the tale and third will unite in order to form the revolution a slowly start to mount here. melanie has pretty much the way of the world on her shoulders in this episode, as she not only has to manage the population, but also the technical fault that slowly starts to develop. life is of the utmost importance to her, and she wants to stop a revolution no matter what. revolution is an important word in snowpiercer, as in, not only means to revolt, but the train coming full circle on the planet is also called a revolution. it's a massive job for one person, and I do think that things are just gonna get too much for her. clearly, trouble is a brewing. and we see best return to a carriage, looking how I look getting a 5 a.m. every Monday morning to do these videos. anyway, jion has realized that after she knocked him out, that he can use it against certain luxuries from a position in second and he'd rather have those and then actual justice. he's very much in a good position as should the revolution begin, he can quickly side with Bess, who is clearly on the side of lighten at this point. however, if things go wrong, then he can also resume his place in authority. and I did appreciate this episode painting him out as a complex character that shows he's really duplicitous. he's a bad dude. but to be fair, pretty much everyone on board the trainers. and all he's doing is abusing this small power that he has, just like everyone else elsewhere on the train. Leighton is on a comedown, and he blames Zara for suggesting that he carry out the investigation, which has made him an outlaw. Melanie delivers a speech to third as they plan to go on strike. and I'm not lying, I've heard a lot better. she states that they should be grateful for what they have, as life in the tail is much worse. and this is often something I think people feel when they see injustice and inequality. a lot of time, the idea of losing what you have, even if it's not amazing, scares you into staying silent. third, on the whole, seems to symbolize this. and Zara has self, but very much represents a life of apathy, where things are probably almost as bad as they are on the tail. however, the minor luxuries that she has that made her realize she doesn't want to go back there. this is probably a reach, but numerology, the number three represents the principle of growth and expansion. three possesses free form energy that doesn't work well with structure. and this isn't some big mental rant saying, new numerology is the thing. I did just google it. but this could show why they chose to be a big focus in the uprising. they may not have done that intentionally, and maybe it happened by accident. because, as we know, three is a magic number. Gaga chion-in Josie goes to get Layton, and she's able to do this because of the access chip that he gave her earlier in the series. Layton tells her that Melanie is the one behind the curtain, which is a nod to the Wizard of Oz. in that it was revealed that the wizard was just a man using trickery and dramatic effect to appear in a certain way. this is, of course, apparent. and Melanie, who's used vocal recordings of Wilfred to make it seem like he's still in charge, Wilfred is almost seen like a deity, a scimitar. the wizard in the movie is. and I really did appreciate this tiny little line. Josie takes lighting to a clinic where a doctor is clearly aware of what's going on in the drawers. now, they're mainly used for some ulterior motives. however, she's turned a blind eye to this because she's had it good, which, again, it ties into the theme of this episode. John, the brakeman, knows things are bad, but he's happy with how he has it. the doctor does this too. and third only seem to be questioning things after their members have been murdered. the doctor learned she's on a secret blacklist that's been created by Melanie. and this changes her perspective as she realizes, much like third he can't sit in silence when bad things happen to people, as it may eventually happen to you. this is reflected in Zara, who initially doesn't want to fight, but after visiting Audrey, she has a change of heart. we also learned that she's pregnant. and it would be crazy, right? I just have a theory, but imagine if both and Josie get pregnant because daddy Andre, you know, he likes to play, play the field a bit, play the Train. some would say, actually, naughty boy. now, the doctor divulges that there are 11 cause of draws in which melanie has been carrying out these experiments and falsely imprisoning people on the list. I'm sort of jumping ahead a bit here, but it initially seems like melanie has been silencing anyone who stands up against her. however, we later learn that she selected these people for a number of reasons. they've been chosen for their diversity, knowledge, set of skills and more in order to carry on the human race once things begin to end, or those on the train aren't gonna live forever, and therefore, they need people to carry on the species which this represents. I actually think this adds a lot of weight to the theory that Wilfred is in a draw as he would likely want to see the new world. and who knows, he may have even volunteered to do it and then let Melanie take his place with the leadership of the vessel, the rest of the population will likely put their against their will. oh, so I can't imagine that they'll be angered. I don't know what way they're gonna go with this, but I would guess that with the revolution on the horizon the tale will free these prisoners, and thus they'll have an army to completely desecrate the Train with. in the tale, the woman whose arm was frozen succumbs to her wounds, and it's quite a sad scene. we then watching the undercarriage that Melanie visits the leaks, and we learned that it's shorting out the brakes. she goes to visit miles, and it becomes clear at the end of the episode she's keeping him as an ace up her sleeve. she begins to lock down the Train. and angered by this, Leighton makes a mad dash to go and get her. there's also an interesting conversation with Ruth in which she clearly puts across her suspicions that something is up with Wilfred. and who knows, she even may be put in a drawer at one point for asking too many questions. Layton catches up with Melanie and holds a scalpel to her neck, whilst an accident causes the train to rock from side to side in what was not gonna lie. I thought it was gonna derail the train for a second. this is when Lincoln grabs her, and she explains the drawers, as we mentioned earlier. and Layton, discovering and he's on the list, decides to let her live. this shows that, perhaps because he realizes he's one of the special people, he's going to have the promise of a good life, and he allows more in Justices to continue happening. however, I do think that he also realizes that without Melanie, the Train is in danger, and the letter off scott-free for now, so that she can go and fix it. now, when going to fix the Train, Melanie says a very interesting line, which is, I designed her. I can fix her. due to her MIT and Yale engineering clothing from earlier in the season, I think we can now confirm that she is an engineer that designed the train and then Wilfred built it. this would obviously make him have a great deal of trust in her, and this could be why he may have chosen her to take his position as the leader. Melanie manages to save snowpiercer. but yeah, tense moments. I love how LJ is the only one sitting in first at a table, and she pushes the dessert off, showing that she's more interested in chaos and breaking things. and she is herself all life. Ruth delivers a speech. and the tale also look at a projection of the outside, which they seem to actually really like. perhaps they have it so bad that they actually just want to see things come crashing down to take their chances. yeah, there's, there's a lot of different interpretations that you can take with this. Leighton goes to Josie and tells her that he didn't kill Melanie because he was thinking of the bigger picture. but how long this will last for remains to be seen. obviously, he didn't want to die. but yeah, I really, really enjoyed this action scene. as you know, this show, it's often more about drama than heart-pounding moments. but I do feel like it delivered here. it was a nice change of pace. and it's sort of winds Melanie back around in my eyes. after the last couple of episodes painted her, I was the big bad of the show. best returns to Jinju and the Train celebrates, seemingly forgetting that they almost had an uprising again. they've learned to be fine with what they have, even if things are bad on the whole. and Bennett gives a rousing speech that toasts Wilfred, and the people chant his name. audrey reminds say that the distraction will brush things under the carpet for a while, but how long we don't know. the doctor allows Josie and Layton to use a cabin for love. and in the hospitality office, Melanie brings miles in and appoints him as an engineer. he knows that Layton is still likely coming for her, and this has him in her back if she ever needs to use him. when she got the tool out, actually thought for a second that it was the castration one the LJ used in her bodyguard. and for a second, just a second, I thought, who this has gotten a bit doc. now, I actually think that miles will be a key character that brings it all crashing down. and though he's gonna be spending a lot of time with Melanie, he's probably still loyal to Josie Layton, who no doubt want him to cause an uprising. if he's gonna be an engineer, then he'll no doubt go to the engineering room, and he might be the one to let the tail forces travel up the train. he also has train pajamas, which is a nice touch. but yeah, clearly things are gonna be getting shaken up within the next episodes. the show's starting to wind down now, and I think very shortly, the truth about Melanie will come out, which will reignite the fire. and third and bring her control and schemes to light. that wraps up the episode. and it was another brilliant one that obviously loved. hear your thoughts on and what your theories are coming below, and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video and missed any of our other breakdowns, and they're gonna be linked at the end. so please give them a watch. you want to support the challenge from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you massively appreciate you. and there's a thank you. your access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the disk or link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people our subscribe to the channel. this month, he can win the MCU Infinity Saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications. on more videos he comment on, the more of a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July in the cell be shipped out from then to ever get to the prize, it's a best of luck that every only takes part. yes, 