before began. let me start by saying I'm calling [ __ ] on this movie right here and now, because ain't no real-life mathematician. knack. damn sexy. the stars of our movie today. ah, captain's second drink of Red October Vice. Admiral hold old. and if I pronounced it wrong too, can bad. ain't watched it. ain't gonna neither. Aaron Steven Spielberg's obligatory child actors and stacks head woods play a store begins on easel, a new blah, which ain't even a real place, with some pool Crocodile Dundee looking fools trying to get something scary moved around without their jaws getting eight. and one fails, and the family of the failure turned lizard food sues the damn park. because everybody looking to make an easy buck clean even surf coffee in this damn sad society without putting on the cup dish hot. do you really need to be told that if you work with prehistoric carnivores, you might get eight? all of this displeases the money men, so they need some scientists to give the deathtrap a seal of approval. mental scientists needed to give death trap seal of approval. very much to say about him except he really [ __ ] hate children. and he has a lady friend who works with him and thinks he looks like daddy material. never mind that he terrifies this porch every child with horror stories of velociraptors disemboweling their victims. you just leave your kid sitting there like stuff. they're just here, DILF and for this movie, let's just say it beans Dino, I'd like to fossilize bin. some eccentric billionaire with a Sean Connery accent shows up, and the conversation goes a little something like this, I want you to do something for me. and why would we want to do something for you? because money what was he lured us to do. back on the mainland, we have this whole chicken man meeting with somebody that wants them to steal Dino embryos so they can all make beer. but Boggs. fast forward to everybody arriving on the island, and they all take a little ride to get to the middle of the park, and the lawyer all up in Hammonds business making threats like, in 48 hours, if you don't prove to me this damn Island ain't a deathtrap. I'm gonna shut you down. and he'll is like, in 48 hours, you ain't gonna do [ __ ] because you gonna get ate Mitch on the commode. then they stopped, and grants like, dope, car. just see and today of dyno, don't make a people until you see her, because she got them dyno dunks and know how to make an entrance. they'll just sit there and all, but I'd be running and scared is that big thing will step on me or drop a ginormous dyno deuce right on my [ __ ] head. and Grant says, how'd you do this? and Hamlin says, money. okay, there is no way in a good damn name of logic and reason that a dyno could be made with the blood from a mosquito in a frog. this is where I draw the line, but I get a feeling the movie is gonna continually cross said line. so they all get to experience the miracle of Dino birth and Beth's master. then they're all told that all the dinos on the island a female to prevent them from breeding and Malcolm's like to put it in scientific terms. if there's one thing that history has taught us, it's that nature is a force that man will never be able to control. and I'm absolutely, positively, undoubtedly, 194 percent certain that, you dumb, somebodies are gonna get us all eight. but well, there it is. and then now look at him like he the fool, even though he'd only one there with any fashion sense. then they all have a little brunch where all the doctors of their prestigious fields of science and from the billionaire of the philosophical implications of resurrecting deadly carnivores. and to summarize, they're basically like, this could turn into a major [ __ ] in a Big Damn hurry helmet. and of course, the only one on Hammonds side is the money-grubbing, blood sucking lawyer. well, our call that a Code Red made a a bought mission. I would not send everyone on a damn on gotta tow dumb [ __ ]. but of course, that's exactly what they're gonna do. cue, annoying tokens, Spielberg children. oh, I feel for poor dr. grant. the children love him, but the feeling is not mutual. and they can't take a [ __ ] hint. sad. and once again, I must call both because ain't no theme park engineer got a wallet. that's a bad [ __ ] old wonder King Kong's crib. and then Hammond boasts that the voice narrating the Torah some guy called Richard Kiley. personally, I would have tried to get Morgan Freeman, or, you know, myself. if you look out your right, you'll see Dilophosaurus. well, maybe you want. wasn't that fun. moving out. if you'll all look to your left, you'll see the Tyrannosaurus Rex. well, maybe you won't. could've sworn we had one. okay. you know what? just look at this goat. ain't that a scary goat? well, don't worry, y'all. I'm sure t-bone will show himself just as soon as the power cuts out. moving out, sir. I would appreciate it if you get your back in the damn Jeep. and where do you think you're going, miss thang? well, I guess it's just you and me, sexy. okay. and that's a big poop, too damn big to come from that one damn Dino. think about this. will you take a do you still self? and now it means yourself, I mean, your whole self has in a pilot to size the hotel. frankly, I ain't never had a poo the size of my full body. I mean, what the hell, sighs come out with that? take and if I did myself, would I still be here? these are their existential questions that run too deep for such a simple man. is that the realistic size of a dino? Dukey. meanwhile, Oh, chill, be facts over here. [ __ ] up the park security system so he can steal the damn Dino embryos and get off the island. and just to save y'all some time, spoiler alert, he don't Q predicted cluster. [ __ ] all there. that glass of water, go start an itch. if you will look out your front window, you will see a t-rex mosey on over to chomp a douche who's dropping a deuce. so Ian decides to take a nap, leaving none other than Paul dr. grant to babysit these brats figures. but he's not very good at it, because I guess he thinks the best way to keep the children safe is to go camping in the damn prehistoric jungle, which comes as a bit of a bummer to the others when they come to save them. and I'm good now. meanwhile, to deal with the loss of his grandchildren, Hammond is in the dining room, handling his problems like a true emotional leader. back out in the park, grant and the kids have this beautiful moment with a Brachiosaurus to show the beauty of living creatures, after which we are reminded that all beautiful living creatures also have disgusting bodily functions. after after which we see that all beautiful living creatures may also decide to change this sex and stock copulating into an overwhelming population of carnivorous sumbitches. in the control room, everybody holds onto their butts while they try to reach top the security system. and it works, but everything that you know would fix any [ __ ] problems doesn't come back on. so Frozone got to go turn this spell manual. and I don't know how to break it to y'all, but we don't see him again. i'ma miss him. so, because Stax failed to turn the damn Park back on. they got to go do it themselves. only this time they're smart enough to take some kangan's. and damn, check out that massive quads quads Zilla up in this bunch. so while dr. Sattler gets the power back on and has a brief reunion with Stax's arm, Quadzilla is defeated by the queen of the velociraptors. okay, that sentence just made this movie sound way more sci-fi that already is. you're welcome. but of course, in this movie we're turning the power back on. should be a good thing your backfires and make some baby bought barbecue. don't worry, he's still alive. and apparently he ain't that hurt, because he got enough energy to eat some dessert. so for the next nine minutes and eight seconds, the Raptors decide to be big old pains. and that's until t-bone shows up and unintentionally couples their escape. and always figured the fact that a dino from the same ecosystem that had been endangering their lives saved them was supposed to be deep, but I don't know. you asking the wrong bit. what you really should be asking is why is the one guy who caused all these problems the only person who was never in any danger of being ate? now, that ain't right. the moral of this story is you should never try to use nature for monetary gain, because nature always finds a way. and that way may just be eating yo. that's why you trying to take a dump, because nature was so frightening, it literally scared the [ __ ] out of you. oh yeah, and kids are future of sunshine. learned. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos, probably before another meteor hits Earth. and the next one could be in 2029. so I got time, full moons explained for. I'm Jeb asaurus. okay, these funds are getting out of hand. no, really. I'm jammed. Oh, dial 20:29. god damn. I got my bucket list 