imagine being hunted by this group of mercenaries. oh, and your life is stuck on repeat. as the film opens, we meet our butt caking protagonist, roy. now you might be asking yourself, how is this guy such a freaking ninja? well, turns out he's actually living his life on a loop. that's right. every morning he's got to deal with not only this jerk, but also a helicopter armed with a minigun. you guys ever seen those call of duty knife trick shots? there we go. amidst all this chaos. what is this man thinking about? i'm never ever getting my security deposit back. roy takes a moment to examine a photo of his ex gemma, before hopping out a window and landing on a truck. however, he's sure to remind us all of all the times he missed that jump. he then carjacks some goofball and speeds off while two mercenaries make chase. oh, and then this happens. we're treated to a little montage of roy's various deaths. turns out someone wants him dead, and he has no idea why. the same goes for the whole time loop thing. as a result, he's got to deal with this ragtag group of wacky mercenaries. here's a few of them. you've got an explosives loving dwarf whom roy affectionately calls kaboom guan yin, a sword lady who announces her name every single time she kills him. and roy number two, his look-alike. damn. imagine getting iced by your doppelganger. believing gemma to have the answer to this conundrum, roy calls her, but her sinister boss, venter picks up instead. the pair talk while venter looks over a strange looking device. i bet it's a time machine. he proceeds to inform roy that gemma died following an accident last night. in other words, some time before his loop started to add insult to injury, these twins pull up and blow him up. we cut to roy's latest life, where, once again, he's in a high speed chase with the ladies. they whip out the big guns and start fragging him on the road. he manages to evade the shots and eventually gets the better of them in a warehouse, giving them a taste of their own medicine. afterwards, roy visits his favorite noodle cafe of which he's a regular patron. the waiter, jake, notices that roy's a little worse for wear. i just woke up, i can relate. roy orders a bottle of booze and throws it back. he's then greeted by dave, a dorky security guy. to roy's dismay, he proceeds to ramble about national security. something tells me that that gets older after a few lives. all of a sudden, a famous chinese sword fighter, dai fang, enters the cafe. spoiler that comes in handy later. roy continues to guzzle down the boost in preparation for what he knows comes next. 12 47 pm, a point in time that he's not been able to get past. the entire squad pulls up, takes aim, and roy has no choice but to do his best impression of swiss cheese. we travel back in time to yesterday, which, from roy's perspective was several months ago. he visits his ex in her workplace. turns out the place is hiring, and he's there to drop off his resume for a security job. while there, they talk about their son, joe. roy wants to be more present in his life, so we asked gemma when she's gonna tell him that he's his dad. meanwhile, the conversation is being monitored by the boss man and his security chief, brett. what a chunky boy. brett enters the room before snagging roy's resume and taking note of his history in the special forces. he also shares the roy that they're in fact, not hiring brett returns to a now suspicious and paranoid vendor back in the lab. roy asked about the hiring situation, and it turns out they're not hiring she is. why don't i start sooner than you think? gemma randomly snips off some of roy's hair. her demeanor has become rather frantic. she asked him if he received the birthday present she sent, and then leans in and tells him to remember the word osiris. three guards walk in. brett takes gemma to venter, and the other two, it's right in rage, escort roy out. upon meeting with venter, gem is forced to sit through an extremely long-winded and cringy war story that ends with venture vividly describing the time he watches snakes strangle wild boar to protect its eggs. all the meanwhile, this absolute unit is staring her down. the story was basically just a creative way to threaten her. he reminds her in plain english that this work is top secret and that she can't be having any ex-lovers around. later, at about 3am, we hang out in a bar with roy. he's quite the ladies man, having already snagged himself a catch, alice. to talk about their professions a bit. she's a dentist, and, as we know, roy with special forces, you know, they like that. alice heads to the bathroom, and the cue, bartender tells him to take the girl home. she teases him about the fact he's never managed to score her, but then shares why, we'd had fun, rory, but we'd never be in love. she can see it in his eyes. he's already in love, right on. cue, gemma calls while preparing roy's sample of hair. she tells him that she needs his help and cryptically commands him to do what he does best. gemma runs to the machine, while vendor and brett listen and watch. find her. what do you mean we have to fight her? you have cameras everywhere. back to roy, he ends up taking alice home and then the loop begins. in his current life, he remembers to check gemma's present. hmm. okay, that's not helpful. okay, let's try that again. nice. we're out of the apartment and back in this chase. oh no, roy, don't read and drive. look what you've done. he's in my way. okay, let's run that back again, shall we? why not? this is something new this time. i wonder what that does. well, that's fun, but why misses his exit? the last time he missed his exit, this happened as roy sits back and enjoys a sandwich, he's skewered in the chest by smiley, a deranged but creative killer. back to the present, roy decides to stop by an underground arcade to get a moment to relax and go over gemma's present. we learned that his set was the wife of the egyptian leader osiris. she was a loving mother and also skilled in the spells of the afterlife. at the end of the book reads a message, time waits for no man. thanks gemma. this totally helps. suddenly, roy spots his son, joe. what a coincidence. he buys something, and roy tails after him, turns out. he skipped class to join this old school video game tournament. and as far as what he bought, it's just some collectible cards about wacky mercenaries. wow. i'm sure roy can relate to that. wanting to spend some time with his son, roy decides the pair should head out for pizza. as he passes by the tvs, static appears outside. roy prepares to reveal to joe that he's his father, but notices a clock that reached 12 50. that's three minutes past the longest he's ever lived. suddenly, the squad pulls up, prompting joe to realize that the extra time was due to being underground. that means they must be tracking him. as the gang prepares the fire, roy shields his son with his dying breath, he reveals that he's his dad. beared within an expression of fear, joe's eyes offer a glimpse of love for his father. upon starting his next life, roy is filled with a sense of urgency. he asks his morning companion where the tracking device is. well, that does sound like a good place to start. roy heads to the cafe and makes a beeline towards the bathroom. he digs deep, but doesn't find it. a frustrated roy makes his way out before overhearing dave on another one of his security spiels. oh yeah, we should ask that guy, where would you put it, dave? a dave special. ideally a muller, he answers. suddenly, a repressed memory resurfaces, showing dave being put to sleep by alice, the dentist. roy asks dave if he can verify. he can, however, not while the tooth is still inside. oh boy. roy asked jake for a ball of booze and a pair of pliers. dave can do nothing more but watch as the crazy man before him yanks out his own molar. roy presents it to him, but no dice. one down, 12 to go. roy pulls out the next one. unfortunately, it's the one to dave shock. there's indeed something abnormal about that tooth. roy cracks it open, revealing the tracker, complete with a blinking led armed with his revelation, roy uses the tracker to bait his attackers, and even gets much deserved revenge on smiley. one by one, he rounds them up and makes them go boom. brett calls in on one of their phones and roy picks up. the two engage in verbal warfare before brett tells him to come and get some roy does just that and decides to go when guns blazing. okay, this plan could use some work. there we go. guards around the vehicle blasting away, but roy isn't actually inside. though. what is inside is sure to be a pleasant surprise. roy spots roy number two and dispatches him. nice fit, though for some reason his security badge doesn't work. okay, let's try that again. so far, so good. damn. hit the redo button. that was weird. indeed it was. well, this is awkward. now we're talking. let's go now. just for this sword lady. no problem. roy has a gun. roy desperately runs away before getting turned into a shish kabob. aside from attempt number 15, roy explains that getting stabbed by a sword is infinitely more painful than getting shot. we proceed with a short montage where roy comes in with progressively more and more firepower. nonetheless, it's no match for guan yin's sword skills. after every kill, she repeats her same stupid and guanyin has phrase this. don't worry, i'll spare you from having to hear that six more times during one of his speed runs. roy is kept alive and interrogated by venter. he commenced him for his impressive skills, then gives us a much needed plot exposition. he reveals that the device is called the osiris spindle, and it has the ability to rewrite history. now roy knows a few things. the loop was created by the osiris spindle. gemma must have put him in it, and vendor has no idea. later on, roy reads gemma's present again. he learns that his set resurrected osiris and he became lord of the dead. sounds a lot like roy. knowing that gemma believed in him and set him on this path gives him a renewed sense of determination. that's all good, but there's still the obstacle of guan yin though, if you recall, we already have the solution to that in roy's next life. he heads to the cafe and speaks to dai [ __ ]. she agrees to teach him, but she only has one day before she has to return to shanghai. little does she know, roy is an exceptionally quick learner. another little montage flies past us as roy slowly but surely gets the head of this slicy dicey business. as the lives repeat, he goes from telling her that he's a complete newbie to someone that's had a great teacher, but needs to learn a little bit more. i can only imagine how she felt by the end, when, from her perspective, this was their first lesson together. roy returns to face guan yin. he confidently puts out his guns and picks out one of the swords that adorns the wall. she can't believe her eyes. does he really intend to go head to head with her? well, little does she know, he's now a level 99 swordsman. the battle commences, and roy quickly gains the upper hand. he toys with his prey the way a cat would with a mouse. guanyin becomes more and more frustrated by the second, and eventually it leads to a downfall. i am roy, and roy has done this. suddenly, brett inventor appear. though bread is quickly dispatched, having been turned into a unicorn. oh, it's not so bad. he's still standing. just walk it off. brad fenter is next. the pair engage in a bout of fisticuffs with fenter. proving to be more skilled than expected, he reaches for a gun. leroy gets to him just in time. fenton realizes roy must be in the spindle for this to be possible. he informs him that the reaction can only be kept up for so long and that eventually the world will end. well, that's no problem. roy is about to wrap things up and save the day. well then who's saving him? oh no, joe. royce speeds off to the arcade and finds it surrounded by cops. he storms past them and finds that his son has met his end. as he is consumed by grief, the world is too, consumed by the collapse of the spindle reaction. feeling at wit's end, royce surmises that the world might as well end too. though that's not the case. he's still stuck in the loop, but has lost all motivation. as the days go by, he allows himself to perish over and over. though eventually he gets fed up. he instead decides to visit his son every day. he wasted a lot of years not being in his life, so now's the chance to make up for it. i wish i had a dad like that. he pretends to be a gamer, just like his son, and says he's there for the tournament too. they play a bunch of the arcade games, and eventually joe becomes good enough to call himself a true gamer. the day always ends the same. roy embraces joe as the world ends. though. one day, things end up slightly different. joe mentions that his mother called him this morning, telling him to seek out roy if he was in any trouble. wait a second. this morning, roy checks joe's phone, confirming it to be true. that means gemma was still alive sometime after he woke up. he still has a chance to save her in his next run. right? quickly runs into and dispatches venter and brett. upon further investigation, he finds a camera feed showing her death. it happened about 15 minutes after he woke up. let's get after it. roy awakens once more and has the brightest of ideas, let's jump onto the helicopter. somehow he manages it. he kicks out the gunner, then instructs the pawn to head back to the base. upon entering, the gang that's been terrorizing him for the entire movie, gets a little surprise. that's right, a minigun plus wallhacks. roy storms up the facility, showing off his aimbot and parkour skills along the way. just in the nick of time, roy enters the save gemma. [Music], then takes out venter. at last, roy has been in the final boss and all the side missions. he reunites with gemma and they share a little moment before roy enters the spindle. theoretically, this should set time back to normal, but we never get to find out. the movie ends. damn, roy. i hope things worked out for you. would you mind telling the viewers to subscribe, please, 