[Music]. Harry Potter has been spending another dissatisfying summer with the Dursleys. when Aunt Marge insults Harry's parents, Harry loses his temper and silently wills her to bloat up and float away. Harry flees with his luggage, fed up with his life at the Dursleys. the night bus delivers Harry to the leaky cauldron where he is forgiven by Minister of Magic, Cornelius fudge for using magic outside of Hogwarts. after reuniting with his best friends, Ron and Hermione, Harry learns a serious black a convicted supporter of the Dark Wizard Baltimore, who murdered Harry's parents, has escaped Azkaban prison, intending to kill Harry. Harry, along with Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, are returning to Hogwarts for the school year on the Hogwarts Express when Dementors suddenly board the train, searching for Sirius. one enters the trio's compartment, causing Harry to pass out. new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Lupin repels the Dementor with a Patronus charm. at Hogwarts, headmaster Albus Dumbledore, announces that Dementors will be guarding the school while Sirius is at large. Hogwarts grounds keeper Hagrid is announced as the new care of magical creatures teacher. his first class goes awry when Draco Malfoy deliberately provokes a Hippogriff Buckbeak, who attacks him. Draco exaggerated his injury, and Draco's father, Lucius Malfoy later has Buckbeak sentenced to death. The Fat Lady's portrait, which guards the Gryffindor quarters, is found ruined and empty. terrified and hiding in another painting. the fat lady tells Dumbledore that Sirius Black has entered the castle. during a stormy Quidditch match against hufflepuff, Dementors attack Harry, causing him to fall off his broomstick. @ Hogsmeade, Harry is shocked to learn that not only had Sirius Black been his father's best friend and apparently betrayed them to Voldemort, but that Sirius is also his Godfather. Lupin privately teaches Harry to defend himself against Dementors using the Patronus charm. after Harry Ron and Hermione witness buck beaks execution. Ron's pet rat, Scabbers, bites him and escapes. when ron chases after him, a large dog appears and drags both Ron and Scabbers into a hole at the whomping willows base, which leads to an underground passage to the shrieking Shack. the trio discovers that the dog is actually serious, who was an animagus. Lupin arrives and embraces serious as an old friend. he admits to being a werewolf and explains the serious innocent. serious was falsely accused of betraying the Potters to Voldemort and murdering 12 muggles and their mutual friend, Peter Pettigrew. it has revealed that Scabbers is actually Pettigrew, an animagus who committed the crime for which Sirius was convicted, and had betrayed the Potters after forcing him back into human form. Lupin and Sirius prepared to kill him, but Harry convinces them to turn Pettigrew over to the Dementors. as the group departs, the full moon rises, Lupin transforms into a werewolf, and Sirius transforms into his dog form to fight him, off. in the chaos, Pettigrew transforms back into a rat and escapes. serious and Harry are attacked by Dementors, and Harry sees a figure in the distance save them by casting a powerful Patronus spell. he believes the mysterious figure is his deceased father, and passes out. he awakens to discover that Sirius has been captured and sentenced to the Dementors. kiss. acting on Dumbledore's advice, Harry and Hermione travel back in time with Hermione's time-turner and watch themselves and run repeat the night's events. they save Buckbeak from execution and witnessed the Dementors overpower Sirius and airy the president. Harry realizes that it was actually he who conjured the Patronus and does so again. Harry and Hermione rescue Sirius, who escapes with Buckbeak Lupin resigns to prevent an uproar from parents over a werewolf teaching their children. Sirius sends Harry a fire bolt broom, and Harry happily takes it for a ride. [Music] 