[Music]. the galaxy is in the midst of a civil war. spies for the Rebel Alliance of stolen plans to the galactic empires Death Star, a heavily armored Space Station capable of destroying an entire planet. rebel leader, Princess Leia has the plans, but her ship is captured by the Imperial forces under the command of the evil Darth Vader. before she is captured, Leia hides the plans in the memory of an astromech droid r2d2, along with the holographic recording. r2d2 flees to the surface of the desert planet Tatooine with c-3po a protocol droid. the droids are captured by jalwa traders, who sell them to moisture farmers Owen and Beru Lars and their nephew, Luke Skywalker. while cleaning r2d2, Luke accidentally triggers part of Leia's message in which she requests help from obi-wan Kenobi. the next morning, Luke finds r2d2 searching for obi-wan and meets Ben Kenobi, an old hermit who lives in the hills, and reveals himself to be obi-wan. obi-wan tells Luke of his days as one of the Jedi Knights, former Galactic Republic peacekeepers with supernatural powers derived from an energy called the force, who were all but wiped out by the Empire. contrary to his uncle's statements, Luke learns that his father fought alongside obi-wan as a Jedi Knight. obi-wan tells Luke that Vader was his former pupil who turned to the dark side of the force and killed Luke's father. obi-wan then presents to Luke his father's weapon, a lightsaber. obi-wan views Leia's complete message, in which she begs him to take the Death Star plans to her home planet of alderaan and give them to her father for analysis. obi-wan invites Luke to accompany him to Alderaan and learn the ways of the force. Luke declines, but changes his mind after discovering that Imperial Stormtroopers searching for c-3po and r2d2 have destroyed his home and killed his aunt and uncle. obi-wan and the Luke hire smuggler han solo and his wookie first mate, Chewbacca, to transport them to Alderaan on Hans ship, the Millennium Falcon. upon the Falcons arrival at the location of Alderaan, the group discovers that the planet has been destroyed by order of the Death Star's commanding officer, grand moff tarkin. as a show of power, the falcon is captured by the Death Star's tractor beam and brought into its hangar bay. while obi-wan goes to disable the tractor beam, Luke discovers that Leia is imprisoned aboard, and, with the help of Han and Chewbacca, rescues her. after several escapes. the group makes his way back to the Falcon. on the way back to the Falcon, obi-wan engages in a lightsaber duel with Vader. once he is sure that others can escape, obi-wan allows himself to be killed. the Falcon escapes from the Death Star, unknowingly carrying a tracking beacon, which the Empire follows to the rebels hidden base on Yavin. for the rebels analyzed the Death Star's plans and identify a vulnerable exhaust port that connects to the station's main reactor. Luke joined the rebel assault squadron while Han collects his payment for the transport and tends to leave, despite Luke's request that he stay and help in the ensuing battle. the rebels suffer heavy losses after several unsuccessful attack runs, leaving. Luke is one of the few surviving pilots. Vader leads a squadron of TIE fighters and prepares to attack Luke's x-wing fighter, but han returns and fires at the Imperials, sending Vader spiraling away. helped by guidance from obi-wan spirit, Luke uses the Force to destroy the Death Star seconds before it can fire on the rebel base back on Yavin, for Leia Awards Luke and Han with medals for their heroism. [Music] 