[Music]. this kid has never been sick. when he goes to the zoo, all the animals are very scared when they see him become manic. the chimp even wanted to break the glass and attack him. his birth time is even more weird, june 6th, at six o'clock. this is an unlucky moment in people's eyes. a lot of strange things happened to him. the boy is called daming. on his fifth birthday, his parents held a grand birthday party for him. suddenly, a black dog appeared. the babysitter and the black dog looked at each other, went straight up the roof with twine around his neck, shouted to daming with a smile on his face, all for you then jump up and jump. this is really weird. the guests were terrified, chaos at the scene. father away quickly picked up and comforted him. but daming is not afraid at all, and waved at the black dog in a distance. a priest came to a way afterwards and said that daming is the incarnation of demon. will cause harm to people around you. a way. doesn't believe it, turn around and leave. the priest told him, daming is not your son. away, stopped, after listening, walked back again. the priest went on to say, damian's biological mother is actually a jackal. away, wanted to give him a kick on the spot, ask the security guard to take away the gods. away, slowly remembered what happened back then. his wife, mary, was giving birth. away, who was a diplomat at the time, came to the hospital quickly. but unfortunately, the pastor told him, his son is already dead. this makes a way unacceptable. but the pastor showed him a clear way. he brought away to a room. here is an orphan whose mother was in dystocia. i hope ah can raise him. at this moment. away has no choice. he doesn't want his wife to know the cruel truth. so he bought his wife and adopted the child, named daming. with the arrival of daming, away's career is also rising. he was promoted to deputy ambassador. but just when the ambassador is traveling, the time jumps to six, six to six, the tanker hit the ambassador's car. gasoline keeps pouring into the car and was lit by cigarette butts. big bz happened. the ambassador received the box lunch on the spot. and away was promoted to ambassador, logically. but soon the babysitter's weird thing happened. away quickly made the headlines. they haven't found a suitable babysitter. because of this, a woman from julie came to apply for the job. this day, the couple are very satisfied with julie's performance, left her behind. the next day, away's family is going to church to pray, but something strange happened again. this kid is very weird. originally, the family went to church to pray, but when i get closer and closer to the church, damian's expression is a bit wrong. suddenly he became very manic. keep scratching my mother. in the end, a waze blocking is not scratch mary's forehead. they also had to return home. wife also had a nightmare that night, dreaming of my son wearing a weird mask. the next day, chili follows the school organization bring son to the zoo. she found that other children were unwilling to play with daming. even animals see daming became very scared. even become very manic. want to break the glass and attack him. scared them to flee. that night, mary suggested to take daming to see a doctor. after all, damian has never been sick since he was born. but away didn't agree. he was afraid his wife would know daming is not their own. that night, away went to visit his sleeping son, but found a black dog in the room, grinning at him and grinning. luckily, the nanny, julie is here. the black dog calmed down. julie explained that it was brought back by daming, and daming likes it very much. away is very angry. he wants someone to take the dog away. and the other side. when the priest was driven away, was photographed by a reporter. when he was doing photos, found a beam of light on the priest's head. so he found the priest again, take a few shots at the priest. the result of washing out the photos, the priest was directly penetrated by the light beam. the next day, the priest asked a way out. again, told him solemnly, daming is the incarnation of demon. now her wife, mary, is pregnant, very likely to be harmed. must completely end all of this. but away still doesn't believe it, and ask the priest to stay away from their family. meaning really happened. mary, who is taking care of the flower tray, was accidentally hit by daming riding a scooter, falling from a tall building. fell heavily on the floor, away. hurried to the hospital. luckily, mary saved her life, but the child in the womb was not so lucky. this made a way, couldn't help but believe the priest's words, but he found that the priest died. strangely, it turns out that after a way left that day, the priest heard the cry of baby l he panicked, knowing that the demon is going to retaliate, rushed to the church, but the door was locked. at this time, a bolt of lightning hit the top floor fence. the broken iron pillar fell straight down. the priest's body has penetrated. got a box lunch on the spot. one right. got a box lunch on the spot. at this time, the reporter found a way, told him his findings. photos taken by this reporter. the nanny has a beam like a rope on his neck, and the babysitter really put on the twine from s. the priest was penetrated by a beam of light. as a result, the priest was really penetrated by the iron pillar. and there is a 666 symbol on the priest's body. they came to the priest's house to investigate, found that it was plastered with bibles. i learned from the priest's diary. on june 6, 5 years ago, taste a comet descending on the earth. the pope immediately called a religious assembly. [Music]. at the same time, daming was also born at that time. this confuses a way. could it be said that daming is really a demon? the reporter also took out a photo. the shot inside is the reporter himself. there is also a beam of light on his neck. he was very afraid that he would be like the priests and others. so they came to the hospital that year. it's a pity that there was a fire that year. all data has been burned. under the guidance of the nun they came to the graveyard of daming's biological mother, went away, opened the tomb, found that there were wolf-like bones inside. it seems that dami's biological mother is really a jackal. and the other side, naturally, he is away his biological son. but shown by the bones my own child back then, was killed by the believers of the demon. so the two came to the holy city, find the person mentioned by the priest, get the holy sword of sherry's demon sun from him. i also learned that there will be a 666 symbol on the demon, maybe hidden in hair. but away still can't do it. threw away the holy sword. reporters don't think so. for my own life. he decided to do it himself. but at this moment, the maintenance worker on the roof accidentally dropped his hammer. the hammer broke the iron frame. the iron frame fell down. the iron frame fell and the reporter who just stood up, got a box lunch on the spot. the light beam of the photo is also fulfilled. away woke up immediately. and that night, away also received a message from his wife. it turns out that the nanny, julie, took advantage of away's absence. see, by visiting injection of d medicine will harm mary s now away fully understands. he returned home, cut off daming's hair with scissors. 666 symbol found. at this time, julie attacked from behind. but after all, away was born in the military. stunned julie soon away, picked up daming and stuffed it into the car. sparks with lightning, broke the door and went straight to the church. jc, who didn't know the door, chased up immediately. finally came to the church, but away, still couldn't bear to start. just when he was hesitating, a large number of jc rushed to the scene, open queue to kill away. at the end of a way's funeral, the pope on the other side also left. daming is raised by zf. continue to be at ease in the world. this bad omen is a remake of the film of the same name in 1976. can't be said to be very scary, because all the movie reviews i've seen said, not as horrible as the original. interested friends, can see the original version. see you next time. 