[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 superhero film, Captain America Civil War. so let's get started. there are many films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe that came before this film. and if you'd like to see their summaries, please check out the spoilers and the cards above. we also have an in-depth discussion of the film that you can check out as well. the film opens in 1991 with brainwash soldier, Bucky Barnes, aka the Winter Soldier, being dispatched by Hydra in a base in Siberia to intercept a car carrying a case of Super Soldier Serum, and also killing the vehicles occupants. the film transitions to present-day. approximately one year after defeating Ultron in sokovia, the Avengers are chasing after Brock rumlow. we stole a biological weapon from a lab in Lagos. after some chasing, rumlow blows himself up with a suicide vest. and Wanda tries to displace the blast and ends up destroying a nearby building, killing several Wakanda and humanitarians. the Secretary of State informs the Avengers that the UN. is preparing to pass the sokovia accords, which ideally will make the Avengers overseen by a UN. panel. The Avengers are divided on the issue. Tony Stark feels that they do need some oversight, especially after he was approached by a mother of a boy who was killed an attack that the Avengers were involved in. Captain America, however, feels that they will become puppets of the government, and the Avengers should be acting under their own supervision. some Avengers attend the signing of the Accords in Vienna, which are bombed and many are killed, including the king of Wakanda. security footage reveals the bomber to be Bucky Barnes. and the wakandan Prince, T'Challa, vows to kill Bucky. Captain America discovers Bucky's location and tries to bring him in, as they are childhood friends. T'Challa, also known as the Black Panther, also tracks down Bucky, and a massive fight breaks out in Bucharest, and eventually, Captain America, Bucky and the Black Panther are all arrested a man who is later revealed to be Helmut Zemo finds Bucky's old Hydra handler and steals the phrase book that is used to activate Bucky's brainwashing. Zemo is able to get into the we're Barnes's hell and recites the words to activate Bucky. he then questions Bucky to find the location of the other brainwashed super soldiers. he sends Bucky on a rampage to try to cover his tracks. a fight breaks out, and eventually Bucky regains his senses. Bucky explains that Zemo was the real bomber in Vienna and has disguised himself as Bucky. however, the Avengers don't get the approval to track down Zemo, so Falcon Bucky and Captain America decide to pursue him, along with the help of Wanda, Hawkeye and ant-man. Stark puts his own team together to recapture Bucky and the rogue Avengers, with Starks team consisting of Black Widow, Black Panther, war machine, vision and spider-man. a big fight breaks out at an airport, and eventually Bucky and Captain America are able to escape. the others are captured and sent to jail, except Black Widow and war machine as paralysed. Stark finds evidence, however, that Zima was behind the bombings, and travels to where Bucky and Captain America are heading. they all three arrived where the super soldiers have been in stasis, and discovers that Zemo has shot and killed them all. it is revealed that zimos entire family was killed in sokovia during the events of the second Avengers movie, and he has been plotting to pit all the Avengers against one another so they would destroy each other. this is when Zemo reveals that back in 1991, when Bucky killed the two people to get the super-soldier formula, that the two people he killed were Starks parents. the enraged stark attacks both Bucky and Captain America, and a big fight breaks out. Bucky loses his arm, and Starks armor is disabled. Captain America, having defeated, start leaves with the injured Bucky, leaving his shield behind. Zemo, satisfied that he broke the Avengers apart, attempt suicide, but is stopped by Black Panther. as the film begins to wrap up, Stark has shown helping more machine with an exoskeletal leg brace that allows him to walk again. Captain America breaks the captive Avengers out of jail. during a mid credit scene, we see Black Panther has forgiven Bucky and gives him asylum and puts him into cryostasis until they can reverse his brainwashing. in a post-credits scene, we see spider-man testing out a new gadget from Stark with the phrase, spider-man will return on screen. so that was the spoilers for Captain America Civil War. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 