hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie train to busan, 2016. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. at the beginning of the film, we see a car driver whose car is hit by a deer. the deer appeared to have died, but after some strange moments, the deer arose. her eyes appeared to be abnormal. he was the manager of a very big firm. his name was sokwu. he got divorced a few times before, because of which he couldn't take care of her daughter properly. the next day, her daughter had a birthday. she asks her father to take her to her mother, who lived in busan. he agrees with her daughter, both father and daughter catch up on a train and start traveling to busan. that train carried many other passengers too, in which a working class husband, sang hwa, her pregnant wife, sung young, and a high school basketball team. as the train opens up and a girl comes whose feet were injured by something, and the girl changes to a zombie. in a while, after becoming a zombie, she bites a train attendant. the attendant also becomes a zombie, and the virus starts to spread rapidly. many people get that virus on the train. many people leave the train box from where the virus originated and moved to other boxes. and they were saved there, as zombie infection didn't reach there. the news broadcast on the train claimed that the virus has spread to the whole country and maximum people have been victimized by it. when the train arrives at the station, every passenger runs towards the city. but as they reach out, they find that the zombie infection was gone viral, because of which people run back to the train. as they rush towards the train, they prefer to sit in a separate box. the driver of the train thinks to move to busan because he was told the virus did not spread in busan. sokwu senghwa and yongguk meet other passengers while finding their way on the train. all six of these people attempt to approach the train's first box. during this they had to surpass many zombies. many people were already present in the first box who were safe there. when they reach the first box, selfish code doesn't let them come in. he thought that these six people were infected by the virus. he inflames the other people. all the passengers agree to him and don't let them come in. sang-hwa and kim jin sacrifice their life to zombies during the fight, so that they might get an opportunity to open the door and go to the safe box. when they come inside, he isolates all four of them so that if they have got the infection, others may be saved from it. a girl in the passengers was upset as her sister and gill turned into a zombie. then she deliberately opens the door where there were infected people. and after that, destruction starts. all the zombies enter that box and kill many of the remaining people. only those people survive who were isolated in the chamber, and those were sokwu. other than them, ko and the train attendant saved themselves by hiding in the washroom. then we see that the train path was blocked as the rails were closed. as the train stops, the remaining passengers come out to find another train, and they become far away from each other in finding the train. the coup then again, shows greediness. he drags the attendant towards zombies and saves his life. the attendant dies, and that selfish yan suk survives. though he survived, a zombie bit him. he was converted to a zombie. and he attacks the remaining people. soku fights with yan suk, but he was beaten up by him. now he realizes that he will become a zombie. he locks his daughter and sayon safe in the engine room. and before going, he says the last words of his life to his daughter. now it was obvious that he would turn into a zombie. as he turns, he jumps from the train. sokwu gets very emotional while dying, and remembers her daughter's childhood and he was carrying her in his hands. now the train reaches busan finally, and then two people, sue and seong, reach there. these two were those who survived. only they proceed further and see soldiers. these soldiers were zombies who were defending borders from zombies. they think of them as zombies. they were about to shoot them. they hear of soon sing and realize that they were not zombie, but real human. survives. suin was singing the same song. she wanted to sing for her father. however, after his father's death, she was singing this song in memory of him. the movie comes to an end here. thanks for watching. like, comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 