[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. it seems that not even a show cancellation can stop the devil himself, with the titular Lucifer returning to our screens through Netflix. the show is here for its fourth season, and there's a hell of a lot to unpack. from eight. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the show's fourth season, as well as what I took from its finale. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to watch it yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now. with that out the way, a huge thank you for clicking this video. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my and they explain breakdown of Lucifer's season for the main focus of season four is centered around the conflict that Chloe feels after discovering the dark side of Lucifer in the finale of season 3. though she still loves him, she questions whether she ever really knew him at all, after seeing his true face. and this, of course, is a metaphor for relationships that slowly start to fall apart upon the discovery of a huge secret. this is a true case of better the devil, you know, with Chloe attempting to get along with the character, whilst also attacking her own prejudices that she attempts to overcome and deal with, though it seems unlikely that she can. this further distances Lucifer from our world as he was already struggling to gain a connection to it. and this plays into the season finale. Lucifer has shown his true side to someone he deeply cares about, and has been pretty heavily rejected because of it, and therefore doesn't really feel welcome anymore. I mean, in real life, how many relationships have caused one side of the partnership to be an outcast after they have shown a certain side of themselves, be a political or religious stance or something more? Lucifer has to deal with this feeling of unrequited Ness - either season, and he really struggles. because of the introduction of Eve, spirals him away from Chloe and this little temptation that, of course, is tie into the biblical Garden of Eden, slowly turns him away from the person that he was becoming. whilst it seems that Lucifer is finally rid of Eve, at the end, she summons demons that want to see the return of the king and will do whatever it takes getting back. Eve has been plotting this entire time to take him back to the underworld so that the prophecy of Hell taking overhead can be fulfilled. the demons, unlike Lucifer, do not share his love or understanding for the surface, and can't really grasp why he wouldn't want to go back. they have other plans though, and kidnap a child in order to raise and brainwash it to become the new ruler of hell. and this puts Lucifer at a stalemate. if he does not act, then the prophecy will come true and he will be useless. and attempting to stop it, after confessing his love to Chloe, he returns to the throne of Hell and therefore his rightful position. Lucifer could never escape destiny or his true self. and though he attempted to divert it, away from it, no matter what, he was always destined to end up back there. this is a true struggle of life. and it showcases that sometimes, no matter how much we try and make things work, they just won't. well, do you think Lucifer will eventually return? it's a rather bleak note to end the show on. it's still showcased that sometimes we cannot escape our past. hell needs a king. however, I do think that you will struggle to fit in with this and will always try and get back home. the second part of the season is due to release later in the air, and it will, no doubt, deal with this conflict that he has over whether to return to Earth or stay where he belongs. obviously, there's a lot that can be taken from this, and I'd love to hear your thoughts on the show and what you think will happen in the future. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it. make sure you check out my breakdown of the newly released watchmen teaser trailer, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and take care, peace. [Music], 