this recap of squid game, season 1, episode 1, red light. green light. contains spoilers. g.i hun is a degenerate. he sponges off his mother and blows what little money he has gambling on horses. he spends the morning of his daughter's birthday in the bookies just to fund her special day. but almost immediately after promising her all kinds of treats, he loses his newfound wealth while being chased by some goons he already owes money to. just like that, he has one month to cough up his debts, or the cost will be recouped in the form of his vital organs. he even signs in his blood to make it all official. gi han's daughter, ga young, is adorable. she's careful not to upset gi hunt when he's forced to take her for a cheap junk food meal. and pretends to be happy about the cigarette ladder in the shape of a gun that gi han gives her as a gift. he wanted out of a claw machine with the help of some random kid in an arcade. ga yong's mother and stepfather are well, often well adjusted, and gi han is neither. but he means well. gi hun is desperate, that's why he'd agree to play a higher stakes games. when he returns home, his mother tells him that ga young will be moving to the u.s next year. in order for her to stay, he has to prove he can support her financially. so gi hun calls the number on the business card that the salesman gave him and agrees to participate. red light. green light turns out to be the password to join in, which involves boeing a people carrier along with the other passengers, all of whom, including g.i hun, are gassed into unconsciousness for the trip. when he wakes up, he's wearing a tracksuit labelled 456. there are 455 other players, all simultaneously waking up in towers of plain bunk beds. 001, an elderly man trying to stave off dementia by counting the participants. has a brain tumour. 067, the young woman gi hun tripped over earlier, who presumably stole the money he won from the race, has some issues with 101, an obvious gangster type who isn't thrilled about her going independent. the staff are all wearing coveralls and masks. adorned with either a square or a circle, the same symbols that were on the back of the salesman's business cards. one of them explains that everyone present is on the brink of financial ruin and stand to make a pretty penny by playing six games over the next six days. the prize money will be accumulated in a giant piggy bank suspended from the ceiling. everyone agrees to participate and is led through a giant check-in process that has them climb multiple multi-coloured staircases, up, up and up to a game room. all the while, we get glimpses of the enigmatic figure in a black hood and mask, who one assumes is the front man in charge of the whole operation, though he later gets a call from someone which suggests he might have employers above him. sangwoo number 218 is also playing gi han knows him and his mother, who was convinced he was abroad on a business trip. red light, green light, turns out not just to be the password for the first game, but also the game itself, a version of the playground game, where you move on green and stop still on red. but there's a twist here. if you're eliminated from the game, you're shot to death. once the participants discover this, most of them attempt to flee and are killed on mass, their corpses piling up on top of each other by the doors. the remaining players have no choice but to play along. sangwoo helps gi han figure out the motion sensor and advises him to stay behind. someone else. o67 has the same idea, hiding behind and antagonising. 101. during the game, all of the main characters we've met so far survive the game, but gi han only makes it by the skin of his teeth, and even then, only thanks to the intervention of another player, 199, who catches him when he's about to fall. red light. green light, ends with the roof of the game room closing as an aerial shot reveals the games are taking place in dense woodland in the middle of some mountains. this recap of squid game, season 1, episode 2, hell. the staff of the game quietly processed the coffins, each adorned with a red bow of all the players who were eliminated from the first game. as the lid of one of them is pushed open by the fingers of its still alive occupant, a staffer pushes the coffin lid closed and nails it shut. the revelation that elimination from these children's games actually means death has sent the participants into a frenzy. most want to leave, and almost nobody wants to play. however, the consent form everyone signed guaranteed elimination for refusal to participate. the third clause though, as pointed out by sangwoo, states that if a majority of players refuse to play, the games will be cancelled. the decision is made to hold a vote, but the staffers of the squid game know what they're doing. they fill up the piggy bank with the first round of money, making clear that the total prize pot will be 45.6 billion won. gi hun is the first to vote. he votes not to continue, so do many others. the vote remains neck and neck all throughout, but eventually sangwoo and a few others push the positive votes into the lead. the counter-argument to leaving is that their lives outside of the game aren't going to be any better. at least here they have a chance to make something of themselves. it's player001, the old man, with the brain tumor who gets to cast the deciding vote. breaking a 100 to 100 tie, he selects to not continue. with that, everyone is deposited back to their lives, with the caveat that if a majority of people want to continue the games, then they will be restarted. gi han is dumped with the pickpocket who stole his money. sangwoo, who is with 199, the player who saved gi han in the first game, charges his phone to discover a torrent of messages from the authorities that crack a very narrow window into his personal issues. but he's still willing to pay for 199's food and bus travel home. gi han goes to the police. they all think he's ridiculous. when ji hun presents the business card the salesman gave him, the number goes through to a random woman who claims to have no knowledge of any games. back in sangman dong, ji hun hooks back up with sengwu, who gives him a brief overview of his financial direstrates he used his mother's house and shop as financial collateral. nobody in sangmandong seems to have much respect for their mothers. gi hun didn't even realise his own was diabetic and in danger of losing her feet, until the hospital called to let him know. the pickpocket 199. everyone is ruined and out of options, and their attempts to fix their predicaments only makes things worse. gi hunning counters 0.01. the old man wants to return, and so does 101, the gangster who's in considerable debts to his higher-ups, who wants to harsh the piggy bank. he's thrown for a bit of a loop, though, when his own goon betrays him, leading to a bloody moment on a bridge where he's forced to flee from henchmen who want his organs. shen ji hun goes to ask gayon's mother for a loan. it turns out she's broke and her new husband is giving her a living allowance. we also learned that he witnessed a co-worker die, which has evidently left a mark on him. gayon's stepfather tries to pay g.i hun in exchange for him not visiting any more. so gi hun rightly socks him in the mouth. and shortly afterward, he's approached by huang jun ho, a police officer who has been following gi hun's case since their encounter at the police station, because junho's brother received a similar business card and is missing. when gi han returns home, he finds another of those business cards wedged in his door. he and all of the show's other main characters all wait to be picked up to once again be taken back to the games. there's a new player to enter the squid game in the man with the umbrella, episode 3, though he hasn't been invited. and his infiltration gives us a bit more helpful knowledge of these games, logistically, since he follows a fleet of hyundai people carriers, all containing unconscious players, to the port where they're loaded onto a ship and scan junhoe chokes out one of the staffers when he tries to pose as a player, stealing his outfit and dumping him overboard. finally, someone capable has entered the games. he's told off for speaking without being invited to buy a period by staffer with a loose button dangling from his coveralls, but he's able to maintain his cover. some players, including the pickpocket, have some hidden advantages. she's passed a switchblade during the processing phase. gi han seng-woo and 1-9 decide to form their own little squad along with double 01. teams are beginning to form everywhere. 067 seems on her own side, using the knife to unscrew the vents in the bathroom where 212 is enjoying a cheeky smoke. but 101 has plenty of influence, given his underworld connections in the vents. 067 inspires the staff melting something down in large pots. it smells like sugar. the room is being done up as a giant playground. four symbols, circle, triangle, star and umbrella adorn the walls, and the players are to organize themselves under each one. sangwoo, who over here heard oh 6 7 talking about the sugar, has some brief flashbacks to childhood. trying to determine what the game is going to be. he advises their team spread themselves out among the symbols, just in case. sangwoo goes. triangle one, double nine, circle. gi hun becomes the man with the umbrella, and double one takes the star. each of the players is given a circular case. the cases contain a circular piece of sugar honeycomb printed with one of the four symbols. and each player must cut out their shape with a needle, without, in it breaking or cracking. had some prior knowledge of this, so went for the triangle. for is gi hun, who has the hardest shape, realises he's probably screwed. the staff keeps a watchful eye on everyone, and anyone who fails is executed. 67. both triangles are able to pass with no issue. one double nine also makes it. gi hun once again goes down to the wire. as he nervously sweats on the honeycomb, he gets an idea to melt it from the back, thinning the outline so he can more easily remove the umbrella. a successful 212 drops her latter for 101. but everyone else follows gi han's example and starts licking their honeycomb with a second left. gi hun succeeds and breaks down in tears. in a desperate move, one of the unsuccessful umbrella players attacks one of the staff members, holding him hostage. he orders him to take off his mask and turn around. discovering that he is a very young man, more than a child. seeing this, the player kills himself. and then the front man in the black mask executes the staffer. he reminds everyone that if the players see who they are, then they die. as the survivors, still reeling from the latest sugar rush, adjust to the comparative normality of the time between games, one on one's little goon squad has adopted the role of the bullies, dining away in the corner. even as a few other prisoners complain there's no food and water left for them, the staff is adamant that there was exactly enough for everyone. so the starving player confronts one on one and gets beaten to death for his critics m as one-on-one is told later by the staff, this was intentional designed to stoke up rivalries between the players. if one-on-one has any chance of survival, he has to align himself with the strongest group. lights out is treated like a ticking clock device in stick to the team. everyone knows that something is going to go down in the dark. one-on-one tries to avoid his fate by telling one-on-one that he knows what the next game is. he's told to stay in the corner and stay quiet. when the lights go out, the front man watches on through thermal cameras and instructs the staff to flash the lights on and off as chaos erupts in the dorm. several people get messily stabbed to death. the camera starts to focus on gi han and his friends as they look for double 01, who's missing in all the carnage. sae biok joins team gi hunt, just before the cries of double o1, stood at the very top of a tower of bunk beds, brings the fighting to a close. the lights return, the staffers enter and everyone is brought under control. as the coffins are brought in and the dead are taken out. gi hun decides it's time for everyone to exchange names. 199 is ali abdul from pakistan. double o1, can't recall his name. one on one, whose name is dioksu, sneaks off to the bathroom for some alone time with 2-1-2, who promises she'll kill him if he betrays her. in the meantime, juho realises that the person coughing in the room next to his is actually coughing in morse code, spelling out room 29. it's time for the next game. this one requires teams of 10 and has a time limit of 10 minutes. that means that the smaller groups have to form bigger ones, which means there's some decision making that needs to be done. sangwoo proposes they each bring in one guy, since men tend to be better at most games, on average. and he also advises ali to hide his left hand, which is missing two fingers. sangwoo approaches o six nine, but turns him down because he's adamant about his wife coming along. our team already has too many girls, he says, exposing himself as a bit of a prick. speaking of which, dioxu stops 2-1-2 min-neo from joining his team and assaults her when she publicly begs him. team ji han is short one player. sang-woo is fuming that sae bayoc recruited another girl, and he only becomes less happy when menyo volunteers herself for their team. once everyone is told that the game is tug of war, he reckons he has even more of a point, since it's all about physicality. this version takes place across two opposing towers with a giant chasm in the middle. the losing team will plunge to their deaths. since dioxu was tipped off about the game by one-on-one. he has assembled a team comprised entirely of strong men. so when he and his goons are called up to play first, they win. just like that, another 10 players are out of the game. gi hun's team is to play against another team of men who like their chances. but double 01 explains in the elevator that tug of war is a game he knows well from his childhood. he would always win, even if he was against a strong wrestler, thanks to superior strategy. gi who is at the front as the leader, ali is at the back as the anchor. everyone else is arranged, alternating between left and right, their feet forward, the rope under their armpits at the start. they wait, holding their position, until they sense weakness, and then they capitalise. it almost works, but not quite. the next idea is sangwooz who advises they all take three steps forwards, closer to the edge to make the opposing team trip and fall. it's a risky gambit. as everyone moves forwards, stick with the team. ends, the gambit that sangwoo proposed pays off, and gi hun's team emerges victorious in tug of war, but we learn that two of the game's staffers are working against the front men. one of them is jun ho, who has assumed the number 29 and the responsibilities of his predecessor. the teams assembled for tug of war persist into the night, even though nobody trusts anyone else. gi hun proposes creating a barricade before lightsaber to give them cover should there be another nighttime attack. dioxu is amused by this, but only until gi hun points out that he'd probably be the primary target of any violence, even amongst his own team. he decides to order everyone to take the night off for his own sake. but gi hun and his team still decide to take turns keeping watch during the night. sangwoo and ali share the first watch as well as some sweet corn. a nice moment. and some backstory. ali has family back in pakistan and a wife and son in korea, but no money, hence his choice to participate in the games. but things are a bit more complicated when it comes to the staff. the corrupt ones are feeding one-on-one information about the upcoming games in exchange for his help removing organs from the deceased players and shipping them to the mainland on their watch. gi hun and double one share some backstory too. gi hun especially recounts being laid off from his job making car parts and the death of his co-worker. double o1 gets a crippling headache though and severe fever, so gi han is forced to tend to him. in the meantime, the guards continue to bicker, becoming suspicious of the disguised junhoe as he asks lean questions about their last questions delivery should know the answers to since the real number 29 was present for it. they're interrupted by one-on-one becoming frantic, though, and he only becomes more so when he finishes extracting the organs and is told that they don't know what the next game is yet. one-on-one tries to hold one of the staffers hostage at scalpel point, but he tries to take him down, resulting in one-on-one stabbing him to death and making an escape up the multi-coloured stairway visible on multiple security cameras. at the same time, junhoe's opposite number becomes suspicious of him and forces him to remove his mask, exposing himself as an impostor. jun ho gets the drop on him, though, and forces him to remove his own mask. he brings up the zombie. they keep talking about a man with one kidney who they beat to death. he assumes this was his brother, who also had one kidney, but the man tells him it was a woman they killed, and he can prove it with a list of the players and their medical records, which is kept in the frontman's room. junhoe executes him upstairs. the remaining guard catches up with one-on-one and removes his own mask in an effort to talk him down. they're interrupted by the front man, who shoots the guard. he's not upset about him selling off the organs, but breaking the equality of the game. he executes the guard. and his men shoot one on one, dead two. while junhoe roots through the files, there's a staff roll call and it's discovered that he's missing. the players are all rounded up at gunpoint, including double 01, who is bed bound and has wet himself in the night. junhoe finds records of the squid game dating all the way back to the 80s, and finally, some details of his brother, hawang in ho, number 132, who apparently won the game back in 2015. the next game is ready to start. after covering up double 01's trousers for the sake of his dignity, jihan heads up the multi-coloured staircase with everyone else to find one-on-one. and the various corrupt staffers hung on this voice informing them all that the playing field has been leveled once more. geoxu isn't thrilled to hear this. there's also the matter of the vips that are due to arrive. and whoever is in charge of the front man, junhoe overhears a phone call during which he assures his superior that everything is moving according to schedule. but it's clear that the front man has responsibilities to a much more powerful and dangerous figure. the fourth game requires teams of two. sangwoo proposes teaming up with ali, leaving g.i hun out. sae bayoc teams up with 2-4-0, and in a lovely moment, jihan pledges himself to double o1. that leaves me neo without a partner, and she's dragged away by the guards. the game looks like it's going to be marbles, which double 01 says he was pretty good at in his youth. he says that he and gi hun are now g gambu, the neighborhood best friend who they trusted the most. they're both excited, until the twist is revealed. the partners have to play against each other, and the first one to remove all of their opponent's marbles wins. this is a major problem for almost everyone, sangwoo and ali and the husband and wife duo especially, at least the contestants get to pick which game they play. sae bayoc and 240 agree to just do one all or nothing bet at the very end and talk. in the meantime, sangwoo and ali play odds and evens, even though the latter doesn't know what odds and evens are and wants to stop. and double 01 roams through the simulated neighborhood as though it's his own. it seems like only sae bayoc and 240 have things together. ji hun quickly loses it with double 01, and sang wu flips out on ali when he keeps winning. g.i hun finally gets double 01 to play odds and evens again, and quickly finds himself with a lone remaining marble. before long, the gunshots start ringing out. sangwoo's plan for both him and ali to win together strikes a worrying note of the former trying to betray the latter. and it quickly becomes apparent that double 01 is planning a particularly long-assisted suicide, which daihun tearfully recognises. 2-4-0 finally reveals her name is ji young, as she and sae biop prepare to determine the winner and loser of their game by seeing who can throw one marble closest to the wall. sang-woo, having tricked ali into giving up his marbles, takes them to the guard. just when it seems like double o1 is out of marbles, gi hun can't bring himself to loan him a marble. instead, accepting what he perceives to be a victory, he pulls another out of his pocket and wanders off, much to die hans distress. and ji young essentially sacrifices herself for sae biok by dropping the marble at her feet, revealing that she has no reason to win. whereas sae bayock still has family in north korea. ji young is shot dead, ali discovering that the marbles in his bag are pebbles slipped in there by sang wu is shot dead. and double one finally finds his home in the fabricated neighborhood. he proposes that he and gi hunt make one last all or nothing bet, revealing that he knew ji hun was tricking him into taking his marbles the whole time. double o1 gives g.i hun his remaining marble, reminding him that their g gambu and g gambu share everything. he's happy to go out like this, having had one last good time and made a true friend. he holds gi han as he sobs. and when he finally walks away, double 01 remembers his name. oh illna. the front man discovers that the imposter has been in his personal quarters thanks to the position of the phone, but he's pulled away before he can discover him, by news of a gover him, by news of a body being washed ashore. the front man expresses some knowledge of the korean police. perhaps the front man himself is jun ho's missing brother. maybe former winners become the new frontman. the body that's discovered is the one junhoe tossed overboard during his infiltration and planted his id on. the front man takes a good long look at that id. the remaining players, meanwhile, are not in a good mood, especially not o69, whose partner in the marbles game was his wife. and gi hun, who still feels responsible for the death of 001. 069, has a breakdown, until sangwoo lectures him into shape. he gradually starts addressing the entire room. he's rationalising his own actions, having essentially sentenced ali to death. the vips all arrive wearing very fancy animal masks. the front man greets them and laments that the host can't be there personally due to some urgent business. they're all present to watch the next game, and have been betting on the outcome as predicted. one of them had a big sum on 069, who, as they can see on the video screens, is about to hang himself. junhoe, meanwhile, is still nearby, and takes it upon himself to knock out the waiter and steal his outfit to get closer to the vips. when the players wake up the next morning, they find o69 dead. hanging from his bunk as the announcer's voice tells them he's been eliminated. and the piggy bank fills up a little more. the fifth game is about to begin. everyone make their way up the staircase. the front man introduces the game to the vips, who are lounging around with human footstools, and the staff introduces it to the players. each is ordered to choose a mannequin and take its corresponding vest, numbered 1 through 16. the announcer, at the push of the frontman's button, explains that the numbers determine the order in which they'll be playing. as gi hun deliberates, everyone else grabs the remaining numbers, leaving only 1 and 16, the two most dangerous numbers, he theorises. luckily, the decision is made for him. one of the other players, 096, politely requests to be number one. he finally wants to take ownership of his life. there's a giant bridge. it's full of alternating stepping stones made of either tempered or normal glass. the tempered glass will hold the weight of two people. the normal glass won't even support one. the vest numbers determine the order in which you cross the bridge. the time limit is also 16 minutes. everyone must cross. 096 makes it one step before falling to his death. attempts to figure out a pattern to the glass fall flat. obviously, with each unsuccessful attempt, it gets easier for the next person. meanwhile, in the vip area, one of the most detestable guests takes a shine to the disguised jun ho, ordering him first to sit beside him, to fill his drink and then to remove his mask. this is a problem since the front man has seen his police id and would recognise him. eventually, the players in the back of the line start to get anxious about the time limit and begin shoving the players in front through the panes of glass. gi hun brings up the rear, but the fact he can't even remember which of the first two panels is the correct one doesn't exactly bode well. after a while, dioxu finds himself the leader of the pack, with several more panels to clear and only about six minutes left. he refuses to proceed unless someone else goes ahead of him. meanwhile, junhoe persuades the vip to take him somewhere they can be alone. the vip gets his body out and promises to change juho's life if he can satisfy him within five minutes. but he gets more than he bargained for. suddenly, at gunpoint, junhoe gives him five minutes to tell him everything he knows about the games on the bridge. mi nyeo confronts dioxu and has run out of patience for him. she agrees to go ahead of him, but when she steps on his panel, she grabs him around the waist and refuses to let go. he said they'd stay together until the end. after all, she said she'd kill him if he betrayed her, and he betrayed her. so here we are. she pulls him back through the next panel, and they both fall to their deaths. sangwoo, sae bayok and gi hun are among the few remaining, including a glassmaker who can identify the faint stain marks in the tempered glass. since the glassmaker is able to examine the refraction of the light through the glass, the frontman changes the settings to make it harder for him in the dark. the glassmaker needs to analyse the sounds of the glass in order to make a decision. so he throws the only thing he has available, double one's marble from the previous game, which gi han has been carrying ever since. but one marble isn't enough for two panes of glass. since he's taking too long, sangwoo pushes him through the final pane to his death, and the three main characters make it across. seconds later, all the remaining panels explode behind them. all three get slashed by the debris. judging by sae bayard's reaction, she got hit worse than the others. meanwhile, junhoe escapes from the facility using one of the dive packs. the front man and several goons pursue him in a speedboat. frontman opens with junhoe reaching the mainland with evidence of the games on his phone. sangwoo's relationship with gi han is badly suffering. in the bathroom, we see that a giant chunk of glass is wedged in her stomach. she pulls it free and bandages the wound, but it's a bad one. the finalists have all been given numbered tuxedos as a reward for their success. the front man is still on the island in pursuit of junhoe. he shoots a hole into the oxygen canister that junho left on the beach. the officer is able to call his superior and request that he locate his signal and send a whole squad there. he also sends him several of the photos and videos he has taken as evidence, which should do the trick, but there isn't enough signal for the messages to get through. several fine meals are prepared for the finalists on a table in the shape of a triangle. the guards are waiting on the players. gi hun and seng wu angrily stare at each other while eating, and sae bayok does her very best to remain conscious, all while junhoe continues to run around the island, trying to evade capture for long enough to get some consistent phone signal. eventually, he's cornered. the front man knows plenty about the gun-loading policies of the korean police, so he knows that junhoe only has one remaining bullet, which he puts in the front man's shoulder. but that doesn't dissuade him. junhoe asks who the hell he is, and finally the twist is revealed. the front man is indeed junho's brother in ho, he asks junhoe to make this easy, but he won't. instead of answering his brother's question of why, inho instead shoots junhoe and he falls off the cliff into the ocean. the finalists were all left with a steak knife each following their dinner. and back in the dorm room, each sits on their bed and contemplates stabbing the others. sae biok, though, isn't looking too shabby. ji hun approaches her, and after a brief conversation about her family back in north korea, they agree to make a deal. if either of them can make it out of this, they'll look after each other's loved ones. before he can swear to this, though, jihan realises that sang-woo has fallen asleep, and begins to cross the room with his knife drawn, ready to kill him. sae bayoc tells him not to. that's not who he is, and she's right. after that wise advice, though, she begins to lose consciousness from the blood loss. gi hun summons help, but the guards enter with a coffin, not a doctor. when gi hun turns around, sangwoo is standing over sae bayak's bedside having cut her throat. enraged, ji hun picks up his own knife and lunges at him, but the guards separate him. since there is still a final game to play. sangwoo and ji han are going to play squid, and each will be on opposing sides of offense or defence. ji han chooses a fence, with the vips watching from above with interest. the front man adds extra narration, confirming that this game is the most physical and violent from childhood days. there are few rules with this one. g.i hun has a pocket knife, which he intends to use to try and win this game. punches are traded, while sangwoo manages to grab the knife and stab g.i hun several times. ji hun bites a chunk out of his opponent's leg, using the knife stuck through his hand. jihan pulls it out and looks set to stab sang-woo, but decides not to. he lets the man live. while gi hun walks to the finish line, but he can't cross it. instead, he decides to enact rule 3 and end the games right here. in doing so, this means he gives up the prize money completely, but saves his friend. sangwoo stabs himself in the neck, telling gi hun to help his mother before passing away. as he does, ji han wins by default. with the games over in jihan, blindfolded, he sits in a limo with the front man, inho mentions how these games are similar to betting on horses, before drugging gi han and pushing him out into the street. inside his mouth, though, is a credit card. gi hun uses the card inside the terminal and checks out his balance, his pin number, 0456. he withdraws 10 000 won, leaving him with 48 million dollars. ji hun swings by the old neighborhood and finds sangwoo's mother, g.i hun remains silent, unable to tell her the heartbreaking news about her son's fate. gi hun heads home where he finds his mum lying on the floor. despite doing all he can for her, his mum has passed away. he holds her as best he can, struggling to hold back tears as he mourns her passing. one year later, gi hun is a changed man and is called to see the bank manager. he wants to try and help him grow his financial assets. but gi han is having none of it. he hasn't touched the money since winning it. and instead asks the bank manager for 10 000 won. heading down to the docks, he uses the tobiah rose. attached to that rose is a black envelope with a red ribbon. inside is a business card with the words december 24th, 11 30 pm, sky building, 77th floor written on and the sender is yorji gambu. ji hun arrives at the apartment right on time, where he finds ilnam alive. jihan is completely shocked, unable to accept that this man is alive. however, the shocking truth is that ilnam is actually a part of all this and help to set up the games. as he says himself, he makes a living out of lending money to others. he called g.i hun over because he's noticed that he hasn't spent any of the money he's won. il naam quizzes him, believing gi han is suffering badly from guilt over all those who have lost their lives in the games. now, based on what junhoe found in the archives, and illna's little monologue that follows, these games started back in the early 90s. since then, there's always been one winner. and it seems like that winner could go on become a figurehead staff member like frontman. illna and a bunch of rich buddies got together and decided to come up with a more productive way of spending their money. with more cash than they knew what to do with, they all set up this series of games. the vips are actually those in charge of the games, betting money on people like horses. they created this game as a way of having fun. gi hun is pretty disgusted, but illnam is quick to remind him that 93 percent of people sign their contracts again knowing exactly what lay in store for them from these games. ill name has a tumor. he's dying and doesn't have long to live. ill nam decided to join in and play the games. this time he wanted to feel a sense of joy in engaging with others, rather than just spectating and dying. joining and playing with gi hunt during the fourth challenge allowed him to remember all the moments he had forgotten in his life from such a long time ago. this is why gi hun was able to progress forward, and why il nam sacrificed himself. although this gunshot was a decoy. as the clock chimes midnight, ilnam passes away with gi hun finally learning the truth about the games and their origin, he undergoes a drastic transformation. he gets his hair cut and dyed red. heading off to help shayle sae bayak's brother. he brings him to sangwoo's mum and asks her to look after him as he walks away. sangwoo's mom opens the suitcase to find it completely packed full of cash with an accompanying note, it's the money i o sang-woo. on route to the airport, after ringing ga young ji hun notices that same businessman from before playing with a poor guy outside, exchanging slaps and smacking envelopes. gi hun charges across the platforms, but misses the man as he boards a train and escapes for the victim. however, g.i hun snatches his business card away and demands he not compete at the airport. an enraged gia hun rings the front man and promises that he'll pay for what's happened to him and the others. instead of boarding the plane, he turns and walks away, determined to fight back and put an end to this once and for all. you 