before we continue, let me start by saying, where were we? oh right. two days in this movie. ain't got enough. oh well, okay. we're back to doth being pissed that somebody took mr. buck soda. damn interns. and this guy says, lord Vader, we cannot seem to find the Millennium Falcon. but there it is, so close, so close, and yet so far. so here they are, like a tick on the butt of the Empire. if ever you can't find a pest you looking for, check yet it's proudly latched on now. so the Empire's like, you go this way, and I'll go that way, and you go right, I'll go left, and maybe we'll find them. stopping for 44 hours, big swag, Mountain Dew, a bag of Cheetos and a piss break at Huck's, food and fuel. it could work. you see, these are the private talks of evil dictators. remember, y'all, inside every group of scary elitists, there's a lot of dumb correct? so Han creates this elaborate plan and system, before the Empire jumps in to Lightspeed, they can float away with the rest of the garbage. they said, it not me and Han, it's like, oh, did I not tell you? I have a friend. he's smooth F and he just so happens to have a big, long blaster pistol. and lei is like, I love it when you talk dirty. oh yeah. pay no attention to Bubba Fett creeping up. y'all. all this fancy technology, and y'all ain't got no rearview mirrors, pickles, Becket's Eagles. you know, this music video could have used a few more backup damsels. Luke is like, oh, my god. let's just solve city in the clouds. and yours like, now I just fall spotted. and Luke just sit there like, brood, yo degrees. but for real, though, Luke is like, will they die? ooh, sorry. if me up your granola bars, did, no. but for real though, hello people day. and Lando's like, you know why I'm sexier than you? it's the Cape. that's it. that's why you ain't as fixes me. you ain't never got a cave, dummy. and then Lando lookin Leia like, oh, hello titties. I mean, come on, y'all, if you had to choose between Han and Lando, who would you choose who? and while Lando puts the smooth on. Leia Han just sit there like, damn. it should've all okay. and three CPA will be like, wait, you ain't let go. just I'm free, bility. hit my metal boat it, please. so to summarize the situation, everyone is hot for Billy Dee, including Billy Dee. wouldn't you be hot for Billy Dee? hey, I just got rejected by Billy Dee. you look pretty damn shiny. want to hit it, okay. q10, oh, what's this? something shiny. can we just all agree that three CBL have a little bit of trouble focusing now we gonna get blowed up. yep. boom, dum. no focus having bit. meanwhile, Luke's decided to go back and help his friends before he's finished with his training. and Yoda and obi-wan be like, look, you need to finish the training and let them bits die. if you want to be powerful, you don't have to learn to be a little bit more selfish. and obi-wan says, just remember, Luke, it's okay to kill people, just don't be angry when you do it. and Luke leaves back at Lando's crib. Leia tells Han she doesn't trust Lando. and Chewbacca is down in a melting chamber, fighting a bunch of little, hairy midgets to get 3c peels body parts. who the real hero here? and then harden be getting jealous, because Leia, looking like she won a Lando right on his Calrissian, and it's a big hair is in time for Honda meet the parents. now I've heard of people not liking their future in-laws, but this is ridiculous. invade. it's like, come have dinner with your daddy in law. Lando offers an apology for turning them over to Daddy. Darth and mama fit and hard. look at Leia like, and you won't it, doe fluff his cape. so Han walks in like, I just hope he likes my pets chewing icon his leg and piss on his boot balls. bear with me and stare at these white doors for a moment, because this opportunity is too good to pass up. inside, there's no mama is saying, doc, why don't you read hun your poem? you wrote the most beautiful poem about your mother and our 3ds. my mother, by Darth Vader, you gave me life. you gave me blue milk. you gave me an emotional attachment that led me to the dark side. your name was me the equivalent of the Virgin Mary. but you are also a broken slave, and the San people hated you too. selfishly, I tried to keep you here while the sandpeople bee. YouTube, it's like an unstoppable rebel. false. but I couldn't save you. and I shall see your face Nevermore, Nevermore, Nevermore, until we meet in oh, we gotta heaven. meet the parents. rip this off. play. and now it's the part where Jax traps bringing to the lie detector, Pam, I love mother. [ __ ]. then layer comes in feeling sorry for what doc did to Han. and Hans like, no, I promised your father I will keep the snake in the cage. [Music], what the hell gonna happen next, hunk o? accuse Giulia, flushing the toilet. he ain't even got thumbs. [ __ ]. then Lando come in and says, Vitas agreed to turn Leia and Chewie over. well, when you got as many thoughts as Billy Dee, you don't bother to learn their names as 3cp, Oh, knows all too well. and then Leia be calling Han, Han. we just felt the same way. but I don't understand why they don't say the same names the same way every damn time. probably because you two smitten with the Cape to keep her mind on this here, damn Indiana Jones. and Lando be like, mater, don't even go about y'all. he only cares about his dumb a son, who's probably off somewhere using some device for smoking marijuana. oh, look, here comes that dumb mint now. and Lando tells Han that he's getting his freeze dried so Bubba can take him to job. why is it that all these characters sound like some feud or a your favorite fast casual restaurant? yes, I'll take two Bobo's of Jabba and a Yoda, extra Chewie, and please remember to put extra Kenobi in the bag. and my buddy, I'll have the Lando special, that's a foot long, way now, on a toasted bun with a colt 45. but then Han sneaks in a little kiss and lays like, who the hell gonna me now? and Han says, Lando, he's gonna take a big damn toast to the brown that pop top Luke gets inside, gets the leg humping from our two, and gets into a little tussle with the soldiers before conveniently stepping right into the elevator thingy that takes him upstairs to Darth Vader's deep freezer. and Lando, who refuses to be less than perfect, is like, thanks for the help. you've been nice. get rayful stick up. so they chase after hand, but they don't catch him, because George has one more movie to make, and you want something to happen in a damn movie, don't you? okay, Tim and Luke phases is Paul and powers spanking that until Darth Vader goes, ooh, and then falls down. his Erb shows up again to fight buzz. and what the [ __ ] kind of daddy is this? beating the [ __ ] out of his kid, smashing his head in wish and cutting off his damn hand? somewhere in all that, Leia, Lando and the dog escape. and you can't hear it in this video because I don't want this getting claimed. but once again, Jon Williams makes this goo fish seem awesome. back here. Vader and Sons. Luke is like this, John mount and Doc tries to explain to him that the reason he had to beat is because he's his daddy and he loves him. and I think Luke taking the news pretty well. but because he's so damn happy with the news, he decides his life is fulfilled. and he falls to his death, and does just sit there like duty. oh Jesus, something always got to get in the way when you trying to off yourself. sometimes it's mr. incredible, sometimes it's just a pin Pole. oh my god, I can see the comments now. Duty Incredibles already on the list for do my lovely bits. so then Luke uses his twin telepathy and says, yeah, could you come get my dumb ass? this pole wouldn't let me off myself, and now I've changed my mind. so they all decide they done here, and it's time to blow this gas giant, and better send some Thai fighters. and Luke sits there like, Ben, won't you tell me I had a daughter, daddy? and obi-wan is off somewhere in Yoda's force fight, thinking, because George hadn't thought of that yet, dumb [ __ ]. so while Luke wrestles with his daddy complex, everybody goes their separate ways. and Luke gets his new hand, and they all get ready to rescue Han. Han painting on on Ted of tatted [ __ ] oween Tatooine, Twatter titty, or whatever, because they ain't. none of these dummies pronounced in the moral of this story is, don't go to a family reunion. they always in like this. the end. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for regular fix of meth you can expect me to upload more videos when I fin can, but no later than June 15th, because that's when the Incredibles 2 comes out, and Disney. don't climb my chute to find out more about Jun's movies. I share their precious information with patrons who contribute $10 or more. link to my patreon is in the description. please consider it. I love you. for movies explained for Oh, now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go play with my original Lando action figure. what I will do with it or two, it is none of your business 