some might say songbird is the worst thing to happen in 2020. i can't think of anything worse. everyone hates it. they wish it never happened. and it's completely ruined what was shaping up to be a pretty great year. me though, it's more like a lockdown in that it doesn't really go anywhere. you sat looking at the same boring people pretty much the entire time, and when you do get out, you realize there's nothing else to really do, because your life was pretty crap beforehand. anyway, now, if you're wanting some escapism during the pandemic, why not watch a movie about the pandemic that shows what life might be like in 2024? like playstations and iphones? the virus has gone up and we're at covert 23, which means it's too old for our kelly. now, donald trump is probably still banging on about the election. and though pretty much everyone has been fired, daryl at least managed to keep his job at dunder mifflin. we're gonna be breaking down the whole movie, but if this is your first time here, welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. now let's get into song turd song, dude. okay, so sanctuary is too soon the movie. and from the start it feels pretty distasteful, especially because a lot of people are still dying due to the disease, and it ruined pretty much everyone's life this year. luckily for me, youtube's still a big thing, so everyone just sits about watching that, or simping on women that look like a discount bell delphine, without the delicious, tasting bath water. now that brings us to our video sponsor. and for just 100 you can own some delicious bath water. and subscribers to our channel get minus one percent off by clicking the link in the description and using the code killer with fire warning, may have horrendous side effects, but hey, at least you get to support the channel and you won't have to watch the movie. now, a lot of things have happened this year, including toilet paper shortages, the election, brexit, tiger king and of course, dominic cummings taking an hour-long drive to barnard castle in order to test his eyesight. there were also several protests, conspiracy theories that rose up and the burning of so many 5g towers that i had to watch this crap fest in 480p rather than tackling any of those issues though, sungbird brushes it all to the side to follow niko, a delivery driver who's immune to the virus. because of this, he can travel throughout the city and even leave. but he decides to stay behind for his girlfriend, who i wouldn't mind giving her my pencil. hey, you're having that. when her liter catches the airborne transmission, nico sets out to find an immunity bracelet so that he can save her before the authorities arrive to transport her to a queue zone. this is where people go to die, probably of boredom after being part of this movie. hey. now on the other side of this, we joined peter griffith, piper griffin, played by demi moore. her daughter has an immunodeficiency, and therefore would die if she got the virus. but that seems pretty much the case for everyone, so i don't see what the big fuss is. i mean, yeah, people are gonna die, but isn't that inevitable? i was really hoping that we'd get a sort of last of us, or children of men's situation here, where nico had to escort her out the city due to his immunity. and we could see how the class system worked, and that the pandemic completely flipped the positions of power. for example, one could argue that the people who are viewed as the lower members of society, such as postmen, shop workers and delivery drivers, for this year, they were seen as being low skilled. however, 2020 flipped that on its head to where they became the most valuable. it would have been great to see this elite family relying on someone they wouldn't have even given the time of day to in the past. but nah sung bird completely ignores that to tell you a by the numbers plot that you can probably guess five minutes into the movie. as it progresses, we learn that piper's husband is actually using black market bracelets in order to visit a girl who just so happens to be a bit of a songbird, aren't ya? however, she has been chatting with an afghan war vet who just so happens to own his own drone. now, nico learns from daryl about the griffins having these immunity bracelets and selling them on, so he attempts to get one, but he's ambushed by a man named holland and all his forces. luckily for the lad he's saved by a guy who just so happens to pop up out of nowhere. and then, for some reason, he decides to hang around where where all the soldiers are, instead of adding anything to the actual plot. what a guy. oh, well, thanks for signing your own death certificate to save this complete stranger. now, it turns out that holland used to be a bin man, but after all those in his company started dying, he naturally got promoted to the top job, because that's how corporate ladders work, and they just give the job to anybody who can fill in the position, as long as no one else hate interviews. holland is also after nico's girlfriend, sarah, and he travels to a home, captures her and waits for him to show up. he does. he does the old we're not so different, you and i. you should join me and we could rule this city. i think, i don't know. i was pretty far into a game of candy crush at that point. but he tries to persuade him round. nico doesn't want to do this though, and when he's backed into a corner, he grabs our plot device from earlier, and manages to kill him where a [ __ ] pencil. luckily, no one cares about murder in 2024, and no repercussions ever come from this. and even at the end, nico's never held to account for killing a high-ranking member of society. similarly, smells, smell fiend. and, yes, i'm very immature, she's attacked by william, aka piper's husband. but luckily, she's saved by her sims drone, who shoots him whilst he's going after her. again, no one cares about murder anymore, so nothing ever comes from this. probably put that down as a culvert death. now, before sarah reaches the q zone, nico manages to catch up to her, and he slaps an immunity bracer on her wrist at the last second to save her from being escorted away. this is pretty stupid, because throughout the movie they've made it very clear that if you're outside without one of these bracelets, then you're pretty much dead. so you would have thought that they would have checked sarah's wrist for one, several, several, several times. but i guess not, as no one questions why all of a sudden she has one the second after her boyfriend touched her wrist. this virus must make people really stupid as well. together, the pair leave the city and ride off into the sunset. however, the world's pretty much ruined either way, and it's doubtful that they're gonna have anything to look forward to as it's all gone to hell. so, hey, just just like real life. oh my oh my god. this movie is so real. now, before we get into our review, if you're one of the two people that are still enjoying this video, then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this. every day we're giving away three free copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set, aka, good movies, to people who are following the channel. i'll talk about that at the end of the video. now, as for songbird, i don't think it's a conspiracy theory at this point that i thought it was absolutely atrocious. my jokes have been pretty bad throughout this and they were still in better taste than a movie trying to capitalize on one of the most depressing things in recent memory. you can tell they just threw this together as quickly as possible. and it's doubtful that the film even had more than one draft, as the scripts been rushed out with little care or any thought into the concept and what they could really do with it. this had the potential to let us examine the last year and also discuss why we feel so divided. when we first went into lockdown, i thought we'd finally found something that we could all be in together over. however, that hasn't been the case at all. and you could argue that we're completely separated at this point in terms of political and civil views. rather than discussing or analyzing any of that, though, songbird instead takes a stale old concept in which your boy is trying to rescue his girlfriend and simply applies it to the pandemic. in my opinion, this should have been the other way around, where the pandemic was actually the thing driving the plot. the characters don't have the depth to them that they should have, and the film is devoid of any real fun. there was an amazing opportunity to try and do something like the dawn of the dead shopping scene, where we could have watched nico basically getting the keys to the kingdom and having fun with his immunity. however, that's all completely missing. and the movie just feels like one missed opportunity after another. maybe michael bay, the king of subtlety, wasn't the right person to be tackling the pandemic, because it just feels so surface level that it doesn't really add any social commentary or depth to what we see. i'm aware i'm ranting here, but, yeah, not a good film. however, it isn't really the actor's fault, i don't think. as everyone does a good job with what they have. i'm not having to go at them as, you know, they did. they did whatever they could with that that worst script. it's just a script. the damn script is so, so bad. it just makes you think, why was this even made? it's in poor taste. but even if you brush that to the side, the story doesn't do enough to justify its existence. sung bad was pretty bad. and in a, yeah, devoid of movies, i feel like this might actually be its worst. i can't really recommend it. and it gets a 2 out of 10. now, don't forget that on the 30th of december, we're giving away three copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set to our subscribers, all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the film. the links to our socials are in the description. and you can also support the channel by clicking the join button below. and as a thank you, you get videos like this early. now, if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the what if trailer, which will be linked on screen. now we go over the entire thing, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. anyway. with that other way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul the complete idiot. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 