[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction adventure film, farm wars, the last druid. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. on a blue planet named anun, they're live guards. originally, there are eight tribes populated on that planet. one day, their creator, a goddess named danang, disappears suddenly. then the balance was broken, and all the tribes fell into sudden chaos. they fought against each other in a never-ending war for supremacy. because of that, the planet was devastated and the atmosphere was severely destroyed, resulting in the extinction of many small tribes. the tribe druids, who work to convey words of anun's gods were also wiped out from the planet. three tribes remain, the briga, contact and the columba. the colomba dominates the sky with massive mechanized air forces. the brigade tribe lives on the ground and rules in military superiority thanks to their high-tech weapons. while the contact tribe is struggling, near extinction and forced to submit to the briga by offering advanced information technology to seek full control of the planet. the columba and the briga fight against each other in a decisive battle. whoever wins will become the ruler of the planet. kharad 22 is the best pilot in the columba. someday, the brigas frigate is found attacking a contact airship. the commander finds it very unusual and orders to capture the airship. harrah 22 receives the order and chases it. during the battle, riga's frigate fires tons of missiles at the airship. kara karat22 intercepts the missiles with her airship. the escaped capsule ejects after the explosion. luckily, the colombo rescue forces come to help in time, the brigas frigate is destroyed at last, because karat 22 dies in the battle for airship returns to the base. automatically, the guards can become reborn through cloning and transfer the memory to the new body. karat 22 becomes kara 23 after rebirth. sometime later, the interrogators find out that in that airship were three passengers, a ghoulia dog resembling a basset hound, a contact man named wide and the last of the missing druids. considering that they might be related to the disappearance of the creator dinan. the officers order karat 23 to escort them to the interrogation chamber. wide would like to thank kara 23 for saving his life, but letting gula give her eternal blessing. but kara leaves the cabin in advance. when they reach the destination, hula follows her and goes to her sleeping hive. seeing several karas standing in front of him, bulla is not confused. he turns around and leads karat 23 out. during his interrogation, wide tells the colomba people that he fled from the briga people because the contact are enslaved. however, he was sidelined by his people. therefore, he decides to help the colomba defeat the briga. to show his sincerity, he also tells them that druids have strong power. as long as the columba people grant access to the data center, he will show the druid's power to the colombia people. the officer is tempted and approves his requirement. however, as his subordinate worried, as soon as he opens the access the defense system is off. wide takes the chance and kills all the officers. meanwhile, the brigas strike force get on board secretly. the captain divides the soldiers into three groups. group one goes to the hive and kills all the clones. group two takes care of the airship hangar. the captain skellig himself leading group three to capture wide in the druid. because the data center is shared by all the columba people. after the chamber is destroyed, the command center is also attacked. the captain of the warship is killed before he could activate the defense system. the brigas, air forces and ground forces keep coming though. the columbus warship fights back. it is hit hard, without a commander. as soon as karat 23 realizes that wyde and the druid are captured, she chases after them in an airship. the columbus warship falls to the ground after being hit several times. the warship is destroyed by the brigas ground forces. in the end, as the last survivor, kara wants to hunt down wide and the druid, but she is hit during the chase. the airship crashes. but karate doesn't stop. she takes all the weapons and continues her chase on foot. finally she finds them on the beach. kara wants to kill the enemy. however, she is no match for skellig. soon she is knocked down badly. just when skellig is about to kill kara, hula comes between them, trying to stop the killing. it's said that the guards can't kill the people who are blessed by gula. therefore karas survives. wide talks about the history of the guarms while they are resting with kara. he tells kara that all the guards share the core memory, but they can't remember anything when they were born. all the technologies are not created by the guards. they just know how to use technology to run the world. as long as he can reach the source of the druids knowledge and power and access to the central terminal, they will be able to find out who they are and the reason why the creator, da nan disappeared. hearing that, kara decides to go there with wide and solve the mystery. since skellig can't kill kara, who is blessed by gula, he has to make a deal with quran that when they find out the answers, he will take wide and the druid back to the command center. then wyatt and his companions continue their journey to the land of the druids in a tank. they meet lots of difficulties during the journey. the garms need clones to prolong their life. even though they don't need to drink or eat, they need to inject mana, the life energy that sustains their lives, with the supplies getting less. skelet gets worried. one night, they are resting in a desert, has a chat with skellig. harrah says her view towards the world has changed since she received ghoula's blessing. only gula has natural reproductive capacity. none of the garms remembers their childhood. they only know the present and the future. since they are created, they don't have the past. they can only live through cloning. begins to question the worth of the war and is curious about the garm's past. after a hard journey, a party finally arrives at the land of the druids, which represents the beginning and the end. while they are passing through a forest, unfortunately, the tank breaks down. skellig has to stay behind it and repair it. as wide, karate and the druid continue to find the destination. skellig gives kara the rest of mana, which moves kara a lot without clones. if they die by accident, they will never be able to reborn again. kara has to proceed with the utmost caution. during their exploration, white accidentally activates the druid's defense systems and awakens giant robotic defenders who charge at them immediately. harrah's weapon can't do any harm to the defenders. thankfully, skelet comes to the rescue with the tank. carragh gets a break from the fierce fight. with wide's guidance, they managed to cut off the cable behind the defenders and defeat them. however, more defenders come up from underground. skelet's tank is also destroyed. in order to protect karate, skellig chooses to sacrifice himself. thanks to that, massive explosion kills all the defenders. after waking up, kara is sat over skellig's death. the group finally arrives at the source of the druid's knowledge and power. while the druid is accessing the terminal white is expecting his answer. to his surprise, the druid suddenly attacks him. it turns out that the druid is nothing but a shell taken by nassaian, who claims to be the messenger of the creator, danan. she takes advantage of wide's curiosity towards their origin and leads him here, using him to access the terminal and activate the giant defenders who are sleeping underground. because the comtax brain can access the garm's core network. nascion plans to use wide to delete all the garm's core memory. luckily, karat comes in time and destroys her mechanical body, but nasayan has already taken off wide's consciousness. carra has no choice but to nail wide's body on the tree and tries to get all the answers from her nasa. and doesn't seem to be annoyed, as she has got what she wants. she tells kara all the truth. at very beginning, there was no life on the planet. anu the garms was created by some aliens. they shared all the knowledge and technology with the garms and divided the garms into eight tribes, depending on their abilities. the garm soon wanted to take control of the world. the creators were disappointed and abandoned the guards. they also limit the garm's ability to create, so that the garms would never evolve into a higher civilization. the creators have begun an experiment on another nearest planet. in order to prevent the garm's interference to the experiment, the creators have decided to send nasa in to destroy the planet anu. knowing all the truth, karat kills white afterward, but nasayan has already transferred her consciousness to the terminal khara falls into a state of sorrow. in the final scene, a gigantic robotic army rise and are ready to attack the creatures on the planet anu. facing the intrusion, the remaining tribes finally abandoned their endless war to unite against the common enemy. they gather all their forces, preparing to defend against the robotic army's attacks. a new age of heavy warfare between the garms and nasa. and on the planet, anun has begun. this is daniel cc movie, channel, peace out. 