welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond episode 8. at the end of last episode, it sure looked like silas killed uncle tony. so they've got him tied up outside perseus. disappeared. there's a trail of blood that leads to the river. so they think silas attacked him too, and assume he's dead as well. they're hoping silas didn't do it, but it sure looks like he got blackout drunk and lost control, attacked percy because he's in love with iris. and silas, who was blackout drunk, doesn't remember anything. he assumes he did it too. yes, this episode we finally get silas's full backstory. it's been hinted at multiple times before, and it is exactly what it looks like. he had an abusive father, and one day he beat him to death. this flashback is drawn out in pieces over the course of the entire episode, as silas wanders the house, remembering not just the bad times, but the good times too. in the end, his dad came back as a zombie, and he had to kill him again. yaskari, so the adult's plan is to banish silas from the group leave him here and go on without him. but his best friend, elton doesn't want this. it's like, hey man, help me prove your innocence. but silas is like, sorry, i'm pretty sure it was me. i've got an uncontrollable rage monster inside. in fact, later, when zombies come at him, he decides he's gonna let the zombie kill him. he deserves it. but luckily, hope came out there to stop it. like, hey man, you got issues. one interesting conversation is between elton and iris. elton's like, yo, hypothetically, if silas did lose control and kill persian uncle tony, that's not necessarily a deal breaker. there's no laws out here in the zombie apocalypse. silas is my friend. i'd rather stick by him no matter what. iris considers that she does really like silas, and it's like, hey man, tell me you didn't do this. but he can't. he's like, look, sorry, iris. i have a crush on you, but i'm a monster. so silas, to protect his friends from himself, decides to leave the group of his own accord. but elton's not gonna let him wander the zombie apocalypse alone. it's like, hey, that's my best friend. i'm gonna go be there with him. plus, who knows, maybe i'll find my long lost mom and baby sister out there. this finally brings hope to the breaking point. she's like, elton, i'm sorry. i can't let you believe a lie. and she tells him the story of how she killed his mom. alton still decides to leave and meet up with silas. and as you can imagine, he is very sad. silas, meanwhile, is enjoying being alone so far, sometimes the best thing for your mental health is just to wander the zombie apocalypse alone. he leaves behind his walkman that he's always listening to music on, because symbolic of something. but now, at the end of the episode, it's civic republic news. lieutenant colonel kublick is out in the field. she's meeting someone here. they still don't really explain anything. this guy's like, hey, is luring these kids to new york really the easiest way? and she's like, yes, for reasons it is. so we still don't know what they really want. but turns out the person she's meeting is hawk. oh, snap. finally something interesting. huck has been a crm spy this entire time. and i think this implies it was hook who killed uncle tony and chased percy away, blamed it on silas they talk about the asset, could be any one of them. my bet's on hope. we don't know what that's about. we know they're looking for a zombie cure, so maybe something to do with that. elizabeth gives huck a watch, and it's like, oh, is this dads? what are they sisters? where will this actually interesting new development take us? find out next time on the walking dead, world beyond. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 