good morning. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will discuss a spanish language thriller, which is an original film produced by netflix. the paramedic tells the story of angel, a psychopathic man who is ready to do anything to get his lover back, even with his half-paralyzed body condition. can vani, his lover, escape from the ambush of his former psychopath? let's find out directly in the paramedic film. the paramedic film tells the story of angel, a man who works as a medical team in the emergency services together with ricardo, his partner. angel is always ready to help people who have an accident. however, angel is not as innocent as a medical officer. in general, angel did not hesitate to take valuables belonging to the victims he helped, such as glasses or jewelry. these collected items are then sold to a man named furman. angel lives in an apartment with his girlfriend, vani, who is studying as a veterinarian. in their apartment lived an old man named vicente who lived with a pet dog. banny. likes animals, but not angel. angel even stepped on the poop of vicente's pet dog and deliberately brushed it on the carpet of vicente's apartment. every night, vicente's dog barks, disturbing angle's sleep. it made angel want to get rid of the dog. angel wanted to have children, but despite trying many times, vani is still not pregnant. when he went to the obstetrician, angel was told that his sperm was so weak that he would have a hard time having children. it was then that angel realized that he was the primary source of the unpregnant vani. in fact, angel and vani's relationship is not very romantic. one day, angel checks bani's cell phone and finds vani has been chatting with her classmate named roberto. roberto himself looks so handsome. bang el himself is a very possessive person towards his partner. at the hospital where he works, angel has a friend named andres who works as a doctor. and sure enough, andres often gave angel medicines to take. one day, angel gets an emergency call. he and ricardo immediately picked up the victim who had an accident. while on his way back to the hospital, ricardo suddenly took a shortcut. unfortunately, their car had an accident. the result of the accident was fatal for angel. he was paralyzed in his legs. so he had to sit in a wheelchair. his condition hit angel and vani so severely. now angel must accept the fact that he has to use a wheelchair. vani patiently takes care of angel. but hang elle begins to be possessive of vani bangle. suspects that vani is currently close to his college friend, roberto. vanni looks dressed up when he is about to go to campus. fear of losing vani makes angela learn how to hack vani's cell phone. one day, ricardo, his old work friend, came to visit. it can be seen that ricardo only suffered scratches on his face as a result of the accident. angel was so angry to see ricardo who had caused him to be half paralyzed. finally, he kicked ricardo out of his apartment. that night, when she was about to go to college, angel pretended to ask van e to buy him ice cream. later than, he used the moment to install a hacking application on vani's cell phone. now he has all access to her mobile phone, including chat and camera, and whom she communicates through his laptop. angel could even tell where vani had gone. angel spent the night alone at home, and his sleep was disturbed. vicente's dog barked all night. and when confronted, vicente said he was forced to leave his dog alone at home when he visited his hospitalized wife. but it seems that angel can't stand the dog's presence anymore. night came, angel and vani get into an argument. vani was offered a job at a veterinary clinic and will work part-time as customer service. it made angels so angry. the two also quarreled because vani only wanted to pursue her dream. in the middle of the night, angel wakes up in pain. he was in so much pain and was trying to find painkillers. finally he found it in the kitchen. but angel wanted to trap danny with guilt, so he hid the dope under the bed. the following day, when vani came home, angel scolded her for letting himself be in pain all night without medicine. that incident made vani so guilty. angel, who could not stand the barking of vicente's dog decided to kill the dog. he stuck the needle into the flesh and gave it to vicente's dog. obviously, his psychopathic psyche is starting to grow. then, through his computer screen, angel finally monitored vani's conversation with her friend. vanni says that she can't stand living with angel anymore, but she still can't leave him, even though her friend had asked bannie to go, especially angel was very rude to her. realizing that danny might leave him, angel finally decides to seduce her. angel is suddenly busy preparing a romantic dinner for vani. he also asked benny to wear the super sexy dress he bought. angel promised to renovate his grandmother's room for vani so that she could study comfortably. he still hopes to have a baby with vani. that incident made vani even more confused to leave angel. while angel was taking a shower, vani sent a message to her friend. surprisingly, she could hear the sound of messages being sent from the computer in angel's room as if her cell phone was connected to it. out of curiosity, she then checked. it was then that vani realized that angel had been monitoring her every move. angel is definitely a true stalker. angry that her privacy has been infiltrated, vani decides to leave angel for good, bringing some clothes. finally, she left. she only left a pink dress that angel had bought. angel, who realized that vani knew his secret, was so sad. but he realized that vani would never return. several months later, angela lived in solitude. one day, angel decides to find vani by following her to her school. it was then that he realized that vani and ricardo were currently dating. that fact made angel so angry. it turns out that ricardo intentionally caused dang el to crash because he had been in a relationship with vani for a long time. angel ends up following vani and ricardo to a baby supply store. it turns out that danny is pregnant with ricardo's child. realizing that, angel was devastated moreover, he hoped to have children. so angel's psychopathic soul begins to burn, and he begins to plan a plan to get vani back. angel then meets andres his friend, who is a doctor. angel asks for an anesthetic. as he said, his leg is always in pain. angel then followed vanity to her school and pretended to say goodbye. vani, who feels sorry for angel's condition, finally intends to take him to his apartment. there, angel said that he had put in some clothes and some van equipment. with that, angel coaxed vanie into his apartment. but benny was not at all expecting the trap that angel had prepared for her. inside the apartment, angel injects an anesthetic into vani's ass, which immediately gulps her consciousness. once again, vani is trapped in the world of angel. vani wakes up in angel's former grandmother's room. her hands and feet were tied at the same time, her mouth was gagged, so she could not speak. despite screaming as loudly as she could, vani realized she couldn't break free. angel then played loud music and locked danny in the room to launch the action. angel then took vani's cell phone and texted ricardo. the message says that vani doesn't want to have anything to do with ricardo anymore. then her cell phone was thrown into the riverbed. angel is obsessed with vani. he just kept holding vani and sleeping alone with him. but that night, vicente heard a commotion from angel's apartment, so he came to check. vicente insisted that he heard the music playing very loud. he could even hear vanni's voice. but angel assures that there is no vani there. angel also lied if he brought in a prostitute. the next night, angel returns to his apartment, but is intercepted by ricardo. ricardo insisted that the vani disappeared and the person who sent the text was not her. he knew full well that he and vani wanted to have children, and it was impossible she would leave him. but angel insisted that he didn't know about danny. he then sped away. the following day, vani woke up and was shocked to see angel sitting beside her. but she was even more shocked when she found that her legs could not be moved at all. angels said if her leg was just numbed, and it wouldn't be permanent, angel said that he would take good care of the vani's baby. angel then played loud music again. and vani knew she couldn't get out of the room with her numb legs. she was clearly trapped in that apartment with a psychopath, alone on the balcony of his room. angel gets a message from ricardo saying he is sure angel knows about the missing vani, then he will call the police if angel doesn't hand over the vanity quickly. angle knew very well that the police should not catch him. he must do something to get rid of ricardo forever. angel and vani then had dinner together, and when angel was off guard, vani hid angel in the head with a champagne bottle with all her might, while dragging her body. vani struggled to get out of the apartment, but she is not as strong compared to angel. with a single injection, angel managed to incapacitate vani. however, the fight between the two turned out to be heard by vicente. vicente is sure that he heard vanni's voice and forces his way into angel's apartment. bang l with a wound on his head, could do nothing but let the sente in. vicente, who saw vanie lying on the floor, tried to help her, but dangle didn't let him ruin his plan. with a knife, angel repeatedly stabbed the old man until he finally killed him. to get rid of vicente's body, angel calls his stolen goods collector furman. vicente's body was finally removed so easily. in the morning, angel was having breakfast when he heard that the police were coming. amazingly, he was able to act and did not look panicked at all. the officer came to look for vanny's missing angel insisted that he knew nothing about the missing of bani. since that incident, angel knew that he had to get rid of ricardo as soon as possible. so armed with the apartment key he got from bani's bag, angel sneaked into ricardo's apartment, hiding behind a curtain in the bathroom. angel injects an anesthetic, which instantly paralyzes ricardo. he then put a lot of alcohol into ricardo's mouth using a funnel. he also spilled cocaine powder on the table, looking as if ricardo had left from an overdose. such was the perfect plan to get rid of its competitors. back in his room, angel was already very excited to welcome baby vani. she even prepared a baby crib. he has also cooked a lot of food for the vani, who is now also in a wheelchair. angel wants her to be healthy so she can give birth to a healthy baby too. while eating, angel took out a ring he had stolen before and proposed to vani. vani didn't move to look at angel. she knew she had to get out of the apartment as soon as possible. while going to the bathroom, vani reassures angele that she needs to be alone, because she knew that dang el kept the nail clippers on the shelf. with great difficulty, danny finally found an object that would help her escape. that night, vani shivered with fever, and angel knew if he had to look for medicine. so by tying and gagging her mouth, angel went leaving vani alone in the apartment. it turned out that danny had hidden the nail clipper in her private part. with the nail clippers, she tried desperately to untie the knots and finally managed to break free. now danny must struggle to get out of the apartment as soon as possible, but she couldn't walk. so vani pulled herself with all her power. left armed with a screwdriver. bany struggled to break the door's hinges until she finally managed to get out of angel's apartment. at that time, the apartment surroundings were empty. and vani struggled to drag her body as far as possible. but just as vanier reached the stairs, angel was back in an elevator. bang el, who saw vani struggling to catch her. vani shouted loudly as she dragged herself as far away from the psychopath as possible. angel and vani then duel, until finally vani manages to push angel and make him fall to the ground floor. angel was unconscious. a few months later, the scene moves to a hospital where angel is sitting completely paralyzed from falling from that height. now angel can't even move all his body. the pregnant vani came and started to push angel away slowly. bani whispered that from now on, she would take care of angel. in other words, vani is ready to take revenge for what she has experienced so far. subscribe for more storyline videos. let's unpacked it together. [Music]. you 