I was told that be women. when a high-end brothel staffed entirely by Ukrainian Runaways, there will be women in time, good or bad. whatever you thought of the second season of preacher, I think we can all agree that hair star was one of the highlights. my name is Hester. I god, you're on attraction. I'm sorry. I just face, I saw his face, and I just had the thought, set it out by ocean. he may not be attractive, but the one I German was a near-perfect lift from the comic book pages, with his crisp white suit, bald head, star like facial scar and nipple rings. appearances aside, it's what star dozen says that makes them such an iconic villain. it's usually a mix of laugh-out-loud funny, twisted together with some perverted obscenities. and it's the absolute best part of preacher. before we dive into hair stars most shocking moments from season two, be sure to hit subscribe so that you don't miss any of our videos on preacher, American Horror Story, Rick and Morty and much more. what if I told you that our organization feels exactly the same way you do? like a 10-inch dick. I'd need to see it to believe it, and maybe you shall. I want everyone to know that what is about to transpire, I take no pleasure Falls [Applause], what the hell are you do it? no, does it look like I'm self consummate. please take note that a distraction, no matter how unseemly, can very often be the thing that turns the tide in your favor. the Grail killed Abraham Lincoln. and why did we do that? he preserved the Union, won the war. sense of humor. his polling was probably through the roof. something tells me you're going to do great things here here. stop. thank you for this opportunity. [Applause]. [Music]. stand up. remove your shirt. hold the butter in your hand, not the tray, the butter. take it in your hand. tuck it under your chin. tuck it under your chin. now listen carefully. in the general ballpark, how long can you hold your breath? nevermind. and I told you already, mr. Peterson, the answer is No. I shouldn't even be meeting you right now. give me the microfiche you [ __ ]. I'll tell you and your family ingenious, the world on its knees, begging for direction, like the ugly girl at a gangbang. it will take time to activate, Brad. meanwhile, I have a rape and fantasy. absolutely, sir. and I'll put on a miniskirt. insulin dose station. I want a professional. Oh, something rough, ready? cruel. one of those no means, yes, things, sir. exactly. we're on it. can I help you? dorando, who are these job fairs? or your receptionist? going home for the night? do you know who I you for the next 20 minutes? you garbage. who are you? were the professionals? I see a mistake has been made. I wanted women. I will compensate you for your time, but I must show you the door. nanana, we're gonna show you the door. no, that's not what I want. you heard the sake of all no means, yes. wait. Showtime. [Music], the missing person. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. good luck. these are all my prayers, yes, overall, this time. every single want. I can make copies if you'd like to take them. no, that's all right. why don't you just shave your ass? yes, Hoover, I'm sure Casta has left us no choice. god help us. it's all come down to you. nothing less than the eternal dignity of my Grail is at stake guys. thanks so much for watching. let me know what your favorite moment was from preachers second season. hit me up in the comments below, or on Twitter at Ryan Eric peak. thanks for watching. 