malevolent is a 2018 and Netflix original horror movie. the film follows a group of charlatans psychics that find themselves on the wrong side of a paranormal investigation. there's a lot to unpack from the film's ending, and throughout this video, I'll be discussing the plot of malevolent in full detail. there will be heavy spoilers, so make sure you stop this video now if you want to go into the film with fresh eyes, without the way I'm definition and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. set in 1986. the film follows a group of paranormal investigators that make a living from making exorcisms and psychic occurrences, led by brother and sister, to you our Jackson and Angela. the group are persuaded to take a job outside of their comfort zone when Jackson gets in over his head with the wrong crowd and owes debts, travelling to a house far in the countryside where several murders and strange occurrences have taken place. the group soon discovered that the location is actually haunted. and the midsection of the movie is made up of them attempting to get to the bottom of the mystery that surrounds the estate. overseen by the enigmatic mrs. green, the house becomes a character itself and throws a range of specters in spirits the group's way their pain how it's rich in troubled history. whilst the group begin by faking their exorcisms, as the movie progresses, Angela and Jackson discover that they are, in fact psyche. these abilities have been passed on from their grandmother and mother, and allow them to see visions of the spirits that inhabit the house. when traversing the house, Angela sees visions of young girls with their mouths sewn shut. and during a run with cameraman Elliot, discovers a hidden room where the girls were kept and tortured. after this event, mrs. green confronts Jackson and calls him out for being a psychic scammer. she also divulges that her son was the one who murdered the girls, and that she consented to the act of sowing their mouths shut because they were little monsters that wouldn't be quiet. Jackson immediately calls off the cleansing and attempts to leave. however, when his girlfriend, Beth goes missing, he calls for one final search of the house so that no one is left behind. Jackson finds Beth with her mouth sewn shut. and the group attempt to leave in their car. unfortunately, Jackson crashes it when he believes he he's a girl standing in the middle of the road. and Beth is killed. Jackson has taken back to the house by mrs. Green's son, Herman, Elliot, is left unconscious, and Angela must pick up the pieces. with Elliot out of action, Angela returns to the mansion to get a brother back. with the help of the spirits of the young girls, she is able to track Jackson down. Angela is captured and wakes up to find herself bound to a chair. Jackson has been tortured by mrs. green and her son, and has had his tongue cut out and his mouth sewn together. it's a horrifying scene to watch that really elevates this movie above your typical Netflix horror. Elliot wakes up and returns to the house where he manages to kill mrs. green son before being brutally attacked by mrs. green herself. Angela, helpless to aid him, calls out to the spirits to help her friend, and they scream out, which gives Angela enough time to free herself and stab mrs. green, killing her. once in parole, Angela leaves the grounds to find Jackson walking along unharmed and looking for Beth. it's at this point that we realized that he has sadly passed away, and it's now ghost. a passing car stops to help Angela, and the film ends with Angela in the hospital and Elliot on the road to recovery. we see Angela in the final scene on the phone to her grandfather, who say she can't be left alone at this point. and Angela triumphantly states that she's not alone as a comforting shadow passes over her. it's never confirmed who this is, but personally, I believe that it's Jackson who has returned, as we do learn that the two were twins. well, so we never get the full reasoning of why mrs. green committed the acts. she hints at the girls disobeying her when all she tried to do was be a mother to them. because of this, she celled their mouths shut, left empty staff. mrs. green is horrified when the group entered the East Wing of the house, as she knows that there is a high probability that they will discover the secret room where the murders took place. mrs. green mentions wolves at her door, which is a clear allusion to the fact that the press outed her son. clearly, she made him take the fall and is very domineering. there's a clear sign that she is passing on the qualities of her mother, who abused her as a child. it's clear that the events are car make to the group, as they preyed on the weak and vulnerable for profit, much in the same way that mrs. green preyed on the and defenseless. there's a clear collusion between the insanity of the mother, mrs. green, and the insanity of Jackson and Angela's mother, who took her own life after being unable to handle the visions. this is a film about how committing wicked acts leaves us to be haunted by them. and the film definitely has a lot going on beneath the surface. so what did you think of malevolent? who do you think the shadow was, and what's your favorite part of the film? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please make sure to give us a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel. if you love film, make sure you check out my breakdown of Halloween at the end of this one. and thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 