welcome to the man of recaps. this is the handmaid's tale, season four. at the end of season three, june managed to smuggle 86 children out of gilead to the safety of canada. but now this group of about a dozen handmaids are extremely wanted, on their run. but they make it to the safe house. it's a country estate in the middle of nowhere, so not many visitors. commander keys has gone senile. he has no idea what's happening. so it's his young wife, mrs keys, who's happy to host some resistance heroes. and when i say young, i mean way, way too young. she's literally 14. and you might think a commander's wife has had it better than the handmaids, but she has not. she's also been raped by her husband and all the guards in the area. in fact, they capture one of them. so june strings them up, and it's like, alright, girl, you could kill him. it's like, yeah, girl, get that revenge. but also, june, should you have let the 14 year old do it? it's complicated, i guess. pretty soon, june sneaks over to a nearby estate to meet with their mayday contact. remember, mayday is the name of like the official resistance. the fugitive handmaids can't stay in any one place for too long, so she's got another safe house lined up for him. but in the meantime, this house is a giant party brothel for high-ranking military commanders. june's like, yo, wow. we got him all here. we should kill him. mrs keys, being a country girl, knows which berries are poisonous. and in fact, she's been brewing poison tea for her commander. that's what made him loopy. june's like, hey, kid. brew me up a strong batch. puts it in the liquor at the party house. yeah, drink up. commanders, yeah. june just winning all over the place, until back at the house. oh, what? no. the eyes found him and leading this mission the new commander of the eyes. it is nick. it's like, hey june, sorry. i'm gonna do what i can to protect you, but i can't stop this. so june's brought to the serious prison, where she's reunited with aunt lydia, who's very mad at her. the other handmaid's moved on before they got there. so they're going to torture june to find out where they are. and the head torcher. here is this mild-mannered guy who's awkwardly friendly while he's waterboarding her and stuff. eventually he takes her up to the roof where they've got a couple of june's friends. but she still won't talk, so, oh, he pushes him off. finally, though, they bring out the big guns. yes, it's june's daughter, hannah. but she was very young when she was taken away, and it's been like five years. she barely remembers her mom. she's scared of this creepy lady. this is heartbreaking for june. it basically destroys her. but still, to protect her daughter, she gives up the other handmaids. so now, even after everything she's done, they still don't kill june. fertile women are just too valuable. so she's back in red. it's handmade time again. before she leaves though, nick managed to arrange a rendezvous for them. and she runs up, and these two start smooching. i mean, as a top commander, he was complicit in her torture, but like also, he still cares about her and wants to protect her. and jun knows from their past relationship that he is a good guy. he's just doing what he has to survive in gilead, just like the rest of them. so, i don't know, it's complicated. so now these troublemaker handmaids aren't being sent to private homes. they're being sent off to a breeding colony. gross. but they get stuck at a train crossing, and the guard's like, hey, i'm gonna go out and take a leak. and it's an incredible tense scene as, without talking, all these women realize that the only person guarding them right now is aunt lydia. so, oh, june grabs her they're making a break for it. if they get across the tracks in time, they'll have a huge head start. got a pretty good shot at freedom. come on, run for it. oh no, too late. hit by a train. out of all those minor character handmaids we've gotten to know and love over the course of the series, it's only june and janine who survive. these two decide their best bet is to hop a train headed for chicago. remember, that's the front where the resistance is still fighting. and luckily, this train is ambushed by the resistance. so june and janine off to the war zone of chicago. unfortunately, though, this cell that found him is no organized militant resistance. they're basically just trying to survive. in fact, the leader here, stephen, tries to solicit sexual favors from them in exchange for food and shelter. june's like, absolutely the hell not. janine though, says, yes. she's like, i don't mind. he's actually kind of hot. i mean, ah, but it's complicated, i guess. in fact, these two start kinda dating. and janine is happy here, but june wants to move on and find a real resistance who's ready to fight back. so it looks like these two are gonna say goodbye, but they've been through so much together. in the end, janine's like, hey, i'm coming with. we gotta stick together. now, back in gilead, commander lawrence is in big trouble because it was his handmade june, who helped all those kids escape. so at first they're gonna execute him. but he's still the smartest guy they've got in terms of macroeconomics and international relations, so they decide to keep him alive as a consultant. he's like, look, to improve diplomatic relations, we need a ceasefire on the chicago border to allow humanitarian aid in. but the other commanders don't want to listen to him. meanwhile, aunt lydia, after letting those handmaids escape, she's being pushed out forcibly retired. so she goes to see commander lawrence and demands to be reinstated. she's like, hey, i've got all sorts of blackmail on you about stuff you've done that's not legal in gilead. but commander lawrence is like, hey, i have no power here anyway, but do you have blackmail on the other commanders? indeed she does. so these two use that to get aunt lydia reinstated and commander lawrence officially back in power. unfortunately though, right before the ceasefire, they've decided to do one final bombing. run. oh no, june. run. girls. june is shell-shocked, but alive. and luckily, the humanitarian aid's coming in right now. and in fact, the first one here who finds june is her old best friend, moira. moyra's boss and girlfriend is like, hey, we can't take june out of here. that is very much against the rules. but moira says, screw the rules. i'm bringing my best friend june, back with me. and so it's finally happening. after three and a half seasons of torture in gilead, june has finally made it to canada. she joins up with the canada crew, all her friends she helped escape gilead, including her baby nicole. and she's reunited with her husband, luke, who is overjoyed that she's finally free. and sojun enjoys living in a free society again. but being in gilead all these years has left its mark. she went through so much trauma, it's gonna take time to adjust. she has a hard time being intimate with her husband, lou. in fact, she wakes him up in the middle of the night and basically forces sex on him. uh. it's complicated, i guess. at the gilead support group for women who made it out, morris, of the thought that, hey, we gotta move past our drama. but june's kind of like, why should we move past it? we should get angry. and all the other girls are kinda with her. and by the way, janine also survived the bombing. and there's another new handmade here. it is the young mrs keys esther but she's not having any of this. she's on a hunger strike. janine knows firsthand that this kind of behavior will not end well, so she pays a visit to her, like, hey, you gotta eat. lester's like, no way. i'm not giving in. things can't get any worse. but janine's like, yo girl, look at my eye. things can get much worse. and so for now, esther's on her best behavior. blessed be the fruit and all that. now remember, also in canada are the waterfords, fred and serena. she made a deal with canada to turn him over in exchange for visiting rights with her daughter nicole. but then he turned on her, told him about how she forced june and nick to have sex. so she's facing charges too now. and these two hate each other. but soon serena gets some very surprising news. she is pregnant. yeah, remember last season these two had an actual tender moment where they got it on. but how is this possible? serena was thought to be infertile, and fred was also thought to be infertile. it's a miracle, i guess. serena still rightfully hates fred, but now they've got a bigger problem because june osborne is here to testify against them. so june tells her story to the world, basically doing a full seasons 1-3 recap. so serena decides they need to present a united front now. jin and luke's next mission is to get their daughter, hannah, out of gilead. so june calls up commander lawrence, like, hey man, we were sort of friends by the end. i know you're kind of a good person. just give me my daughter back. but he's like, sorry, june, that's just too big an ask. i can't help you. but there's someone else in gilead who likes her even more. it's nick, and he's happy to help. gives her all the info he has on hannah. i'm just sorry i can't do more. and once again, these two start passionately making out. i mean, yeah, luke has been so sweet and supportive, and june still loves him, but nick was her gilead boyfriend. they went through some heart drama together. it's complicated, i guess, made even more complicated because apparently nick is married now, so watch out for that. meanwhile, commander waterford's allowed to visit her from gilead. and it's like, hey, so what are you doing to get me out? and they're like, oh, nothing. we're basically leaving you out to dry. and so friend and serena realized that staying loyal to gilead may not be their best option, so they make a deal. fred tells the international community everything they could possibly want to know about the inner workings of gilead in exchange for immunity. yes, commander waterford is gonna walk free. and as you might imagine, june is not happy. june goes to the american fbi agent tuala like, hey, i've got a better offer for you. she set up a meeting with commander lawrence. and now that fred's talking, they really want him back, before he can spill more gilead secrets. they're willing to trade for him 22 prisoners, women that were in the resistance. and tuella's got to admit, saving all of them is worth more than fred's intel. and so just as commander waterford thinks he's free, it's like, sorry, man, change of plans. they take him back to gilead, where he's certainly gonna be put to death. in fact, it's nick who comes for him, it's like, oh, come on, son, you're making a mistake. but nick's like, don't call me son. nick brings him out into the woods, but he's not killing him, cause june osborne is here in person, and she's not alone. she brought all the women of the support group with her. and she's like, you better run. and yes, commander waterford, running for his life, getting to experience just a taste of what these women have been through. pretty soon they catch him, and finally, june has him in her power. they beat him to death. and though it's extremely violent, there's nothing complicated about this one. he got what he deserved. it probably will be complicated for serena, though, we'll see how she reacts. actually, jin sends her a package with fred's finger. oh, so after violently beating a man to death, june goes on home and doesn't bother taking a shower for luke. this might be too much. she was all good with him getting sent to gilead and executed, but june doing it herself in such a brutal way, i mean, that's a lot. and june recognizes this. in fact, she says, i'm gonna go. and that's where the handmaid's tale, season 4 comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you'd love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 