[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction horror film. life spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the curious mankind never stops their probes in deep space for living creatures on alien planets. someday in the near future, astronauts in the international space station at earth's orbit are preparing a docking mission with its coming visitor, the unmanned pilgrim 7 space probe, which returns after a long exploration journey on mars with soil samples potentially containing evidence of extraterrestrial life. the probe, however, veers off its scheduled course, caused by the space debris, and runs fast towards the space station, making automatic docking impossible. unwilling to lose such an important guest, an astronaut risked his life outside to catch the fast-running probe manually, which turns out to be a great success, with the soil samples well preserved inside. later, the exobiologist conducts intensive research on the samples by adjusting the ambient temperature and mimicking various environments under different atmosphere compositions. he finally activates the cell, which quickly grows into a multi-celled organism. everybody is cheered up by the most significant discovery in centuries. the news of humanity's first confirmation of an extraterrestrial life spread soon to the earth planet, where american school children give it a lovely name, calvin. as the research continues, the biologist realizes that calvin cells can change their specialization and forms, acting as muscle neuron and photosensory cells all at one. with a handicap in his legs, though, the biologist rekindles his passion for research while playing around with a lovely little creature in his hand. driven by his fanaticism and the desire to find a cure for his handicap, he even performed some aggressive experiments on calvin while ignoring the safety guidelines someday. however, due to his improper operations, an unexpected oxygen leak happens to the lab, which, is a result, causes calvin to stop its growth and return to dormancy. frustrated by the accident, he tries to reactivate calvin with electric shock, but only to find the back to life. calvin breaks off the electric rod suddenly and tangles his hand tightly, making him unable to pull his hand out of the incubation chamber, while the other astronauts staying outside the lab can give him any help, considering its unknown aggressivity and the safety for the whole space station as well. moments later, due to the great pain, the biologist is knocked unconscious with his hand wholly crushed. what's worse, after piercing through the plastic glove, kelvin escapes its enclosure and approaches an innocent lab rat before devouring it instantly and growing in size by absorbing its cells and tissues. under the emergency, the engineer gets inside the lab and manages to rescue the biologist out, but he has to quarantine himself in the lab later, when finding calvin follows tightly behind and attacks him right then he tries to paralyze calvin with electric shock, but to no success. for calvin seems more flexible and adjustable to the adverse environment than they've ever expected. and surprisingly, it can even withstand the hot fire while remaining unheard. as the engineer tries to fight off calvin, it happens to slide into his body from the mouth and devours his organs inside, killing him immediately. the crew left outside witness an ongoing brutal killing, but can't do anything to save the poor man. soon after that, by the time calvin comes out from his dead body, it has grown to be a giant octopus-like creature. as the fire alarm is triggered later, with the vent system activated for fire control, calvin senses the airflow and escapes the enclosed lab through the vent. with no time to mourn for the engineer's death, the commander has to take actions quickly to prevent its invasion and tries to find support for people on earth. however, they soon learned that the station's communication system breaks down, cutting off all contact with earth. without any choice, the commander decides to perform a spacewalk outside to find and fix the malfunction communication system. during the subsequent inspection, she happens to find the coolant has been completely consumed by calvin, causing the communication system to overheat. right then, calvin sneaks out suddenly and attacks her. it tangles around her body, finding its way to sneak inside her spacesuit, but to no success. however, due to its strong contraction force, the coolant system in her spacesuit is soon ruptured, and the coolant is forced to flow into her helmet, causing the commander to nearly suffocate. in a panic, she has to rush back to the airlock, blindly hoping to free herself out of the coolant-filled spacesuit. while reaching the airlock with calvin still attached, she chooses to stay outside and drifts away from the station, attempting to kill calvin in the vacuum space, but drowning herself in her spacesuit. calvin, however, jumps back and tries to re-enter the station through its maneuvering thrusters. the crew fired the thrusters to blast it away, but to no avail, since this creature shows its fire resistance. while everybody is at a loss to fight against the horrible creature who sneaked inside the cabin, the biologist, who's regained his consciousness, explains that calvin stays dormant on mars for centuries due to a lack of suitable air. he then proposes to retreat to one side of the station and vent the air from the other side to render calvin dorman. while the crew are busying with preparation, the biologist is distracted by something weird, and then begins to confess his guilt to others before dying suddenly. the rest try to give him emergent care, but are shocked to find the attached calvin, who is feeding on his handicapped leg and grows bigger and stronger. sensing its increasing hostility and aggressivity, the remaining three have to run for their lives in a great panic. fortunately, david and a girl make their way to a cabin and seal the door against calvin's coming, while the other man takes shelter in a dormancy chamber, allowing him to stay safe inside temporarily. meanwhile, frustrated by such a strong enemy, though, the two happened to find calvin as wandering, visible to them, for it's supposed to swallow a tracker embedded inside the biologist's handicapped leg. thanks to that, they turn to use the dead body as bait to lure calvin away and trap it in the other side, successfully. but right before pumping out all of the oxygen, david is excited to discover a spacecraft is on its way to the station, believing that it's coming for the rescue, which, however, according to the female astronaut is actually the backup plan for the earth's control center to prevent the invasion of any unknown alien creature by pushing the contaminated station out of earth's orbit into deep space. not knowing what's happening, though, the other astronaut goes to operate the docking while getting attacked by the coming calvin, resulting in the spacecraft crashing into the station and the death of all its crew. what's worse, the broken space station runs out of control and is caused to decay from earth's orbit into the atmosphere. realizing that the alien creature would doom all humanity, the two remaining survivors have to figure out a way to stop calvin from landing on earth. with the only two escape pods left in the space station, david decides to sacrifice himself to kill calvin, alluring it into one pod, which will be manually piloted into deep space, while the girl takes the other to return to earth for her life. soon after that, as planned, david attracts calvin in his escape pod and veers its course towards deep space after detaching it from the space station. however, on her return journey to earth, the girl's pot is unfortunately hit by debris and knocked away in an unknown direction, while david is fighting hard against calvin to regain his control of the pod in fear and despair. eventually, one of these two pods falls through the earth's atmosphere and lands on the sea. the fishermen nearby find the falling pod and go for rescue, which, however, turns out to be david's pod, rather than the girls, which is actually flying uncontrollably into deep space while she screams in despair. in the final scene, despite david's desperate warnings inside, the fishermen then open the pod, indicating the arriving home of a long dormant alien creature and the very beginning of a horrible nightmare to earth. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 