welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. in this video, we're going to be breaking down the second episode of the undoing. now, as always, the show starts with the song dream, a little dream, being sung by nicole kidman. i did say in the last review that i thought this was her, but didn't know for definite. however, we now have it confirmed that kidman is indeed behind this song, and she has the voice of an angel. uh no. now, the second entry itself picks up with jonathan still missing, and the episode very much centers around grace being put through the ringer as police tried to get to the bottom of what happened. we opened with grace just getting off the phone to the other jonathan that she called last week. and as mentioned last time, this person having the same name as her husband also metaphorically symbolizes the duality that he possesses. throughout we learn what really happened with him in eleanor, and it's revealed that jonathan was indeed living a double life in rat respect. there were several clues that hinted towards this two-sidedness, and quite a lot actually packed in the first episode. now, firstly, grace took a therapy session with a woman who said that her husband was bipolar. she said that he had two sides to him. and later in the episode, grace also took a session with two men that were in a relationship together. there are also two men in her immediate family, two policemen investigating the crime. and though this isn't really hitting us over the head with the symbolism, i think this idea of double-sidedness is laced throughout the show. as mentioned earlier, there was a phone call with the fake jonathan. and the fact that he appeared as a doctor nursing a sick child in one of grace's dreams also brings a lot with it. the theme tune is, of course, dream a little dream of me, which talks about the perfect life. and grace and jonathan even discussed at one point how their son lived in a bubble, which grace clearly did too. now one of the interesting aspects of the first episode is that jonathan at one point scoffed at the school fundraiser because he was annoyed that they were already paying quite a lot. shortly after, we learned that it was, in fact, grace's father, who was paying for henry's education. and it seems like something you would probably know if you were paying or not. now shout outs to terra cotta kim on our last video for suggesting that the child of eleanor may actually be jonathan's. and this could be where the confusion came about. if the baby is indeed jonathan's kid, then eleanor may have blackmailed him into paying for her oldest son's education. and thus this is why he got confused over paying money towards the school. at the end of the entry, we discover that she did use jonathan to pull some strings to get a kid in, but i think it goes far beyond that. now we also discover that elena's husband wants to take a paternity test. so all signs do point towards jonathan being the father. now i realize i'm talking a hell of a lot about the first episode, but i think, in retrospect, all of the clues were there to point towards the reveal that jonathan indeed had another side to his life. turns out he was lying to grace about his job and what was really going on with eleanor. we discovered that the pair became close while stuart's son was being treated at his hospital. and because of their relationship, he was eventually fired. elena ended up becoming obsessed with him and then grace, and this is why she acted the way that she did in the first episode. after the events of the fundraiser, jonathan left the party and went to meet her, and not long after, she was murdered. now he flat out denies having anything to do with her death. and when he and grace come face to face, he simply says that he found her like that. which i'm sure, i'm sure that'll hold up in court. mate. definitely go with that one. now, he stupidly ran away, and in the episode, the cross has closed in on grace, and she's even taken in for police questioning at one point. now the police clearly knew more than she did, and they likely learned from the hospital all the ins and outs of his employment and interactions with eleanor initially, they hold back information and come to grace in the form of two guys that just want to have a chat. we discovered that they are hiding stuff and actually know the truth about jonathan. and thus, when it's revealed grace storms out of the interrogation. this duality and false persona is also mirrored in her friends and the headmaster when she drops henry off at school for the second time. the head in the first episode initially came across as a really nice man, as did the committee at rioden. however, we see the other side of them in this entry. now, it was hinted at in the past, and not to go over my first breakdown again too much, but there was a comment at the fundraiser in which they said the teachers were amazing, but we know that they didn't get invited to the party. eleanor was the only person in the entry that seemed to be willing to bear all literally. and when she did this, grace's friends scoffed and discussed behind the scenes, even though at the time they all seemed fine with it. now, grace too did say in the car on the way to the auction that it was too far, which juxtaposed how she acted to elna's face. and we get the feeling here that grace may too be dealing with her own feelings of a double side to her personality. when she looks in the mirror at one point, she sees elena's face staring back at her. and when she goes and sits down on the bed shortly after, we also see her reflection in two mirrors. i love how this motif of two is laced throughout the episode. and i think the creative team do an outstanding job of portraying the way that the characters are through little hints like this. now, another big hint that i might be reading into too much, happens when grace first drops off henry at school. sylvia, played by lily rabe, is discussing with the committee how eleanor's husband handed himself into the police. she says, and i quote, of course it was the husband. first he vanished, then he hands himself in. although she is talking about elna's husband with the context of jonathan added to it, this could indeed hint that he has committed the crime, then decided to vanish and is going to hand himself in. i think this could be, you know, the plot for episode three. and now grace is the one who grasses them up to the police. it does sort of lean towards that. and i'm sorry, you know what? i just realized how much i'm reaching this entire video. apologies for for that and all the times i've said two second and duality, unless you like it, of course, in which case shut the hell up and stop complaining. anyway, none of this may be intentional, but i think that the show is so well written that things like this really stand out. in the episode, we also get more interactions between grace and her father, played by donald sutherland. on our last video, designs to the nines dropped a really great comment about what the economic situation is like in new york. and this provided a lot more context to things that i didn't know about. the user said that a fully renovated apartment in the upper east side of manhattan costs in the millions, and that grace and jonathan's salary would likely not cover it. thus we can gather it's grace's father who probably paid for it, alongside henry's education. we also see that the family have a beach house that grace retreats to. and these costs are really starting to mount up. i think it's going to be interesting to see what happens between her father and jonathan, as i think they're just going to be butting heads at some point further in the series. now, grace has a private conversation with sylvia in which they go over the ins and outs of what's really going on with jonathan. we learned that he hired her as a lawyer in order to give him advice. now we could actually go beyond this, and i think that it may be possible that sylvia is the one that killed eleanor and that she's also obsessed with grace. that doesn't happen in the book. but learning that she knew the ins and outs of what was going on with jonathan, and also dropped the hint earlier in the entry, does tease that she knows a lot more than she should. she likely knows that jonathan will be implicated in the murder as well, and tells grace that if she comes across him to tell the police immediately. this is because she knows they will pin the crime on him instantly, due to the character being absent from the party. and there's definitely a possibility that she's behind it. i have absolutely nothing to back that up at the moment, if i'm being honest. and you know what it's it's my editor's theory. so yeah, if it doesn't come true. bloody. blame him. anyway, after the police search her house and the truth gets too much for her, grace goes to their home by the sea. this is where she comes face to face with jonathan, who's likely been hiding out here since he disappeared. i'm not gonna lie, when he ran up and grabbed her mouth, i did crop my pants a bit. anyway, he plays up ellen as mental health and says that she became obsessed over him before moving on to grace. oh, i wish she was obsessed over me. god damn. now, after the party, we learned that he went to her and tried to get her to back off, but they ended up having sex, so probably didn't go that well. now, after this, he went for a walk and then to a bar, and came back and found her dead. is it believable? i don't know. now i might have the book looming over my head a bit too much, but a lot of these reveals don't actually come until much later in the work, and thus i think that the show might be diverting from the source material quite a bit. i just feel like jonathan being behind it is so obvious that i'm not sure if it could even be the case either way. we end with grace calling the police, shopping her husband in. and as we know, snitches gets stitches. anyway, that concludes the episode, and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it, as well as what your theories are. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the best easter eggs in lovecraft country, which is going to be linked at the end. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also become chapters on the discord server, linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 