hello everyone. in this video, we will be taking a look at spree. the movie is about a kid looking for social media fame. but when he can't get it, he goes as far as to kill people for viewers. the movie starts off with kurt, who always does something for people to watch online. he is always live streaming video games or making youtube videos. although he is not famous, he is still very motivated to provide entertainment. however, his old friend bobby is famous. kurt used to babysit bobby, and now he is known all around as bobby base camp. bobby is the type of person that lets fame get to their head. we see that kurt has been doing videos for 10 years and is almost out of motivation before he completely stops. he decides to teach people how to gain an online following on his phone. he opens up an app called spree and begins another journey towards fame. he will be recording himself while driving people around to their destination. we see kurt pick someone up. when he looks around at all the cameras, curt persuades the man to have a bottle of water. when we learn that kurt actually poisoned the water. seconds later, the man dies in the back of the car from the poison. kurt only has one viewer, and it's bobby. after seeing the man die, bobby thinks it's fake, as would most people. kurt is on his way to pick up his next victim, and he explains that he wants people to think the killings are fake. kurt picks up a realtor, and she drinks right from the water bottle, dying seconds later. kurt cleans up the dead body and picks up his next victim, mario. mario decided to get a ride with another person named jessie. after seeing mario and kurt, jesse decides to cancel the ride, but eventually gets in. mario realizes that jesse is a famous comedian, which immediately gets kurt's attention. starts to ask her all about how she got famous. while mario is annoying her, she decides to exit the vehicle so she can get away from mario and kurt. kurt tells mario to get out of his car, so when he is turned away, kurt runs him over. after cleaning up the body, kurt searches for jesse and realizes she has a show that night, kurt sees that he still only has a few viewers, and one of them is bobby. we see that bobby has been uploading viral videos where he pranks homeless people with fake money. kurt picks up his next group and starts to drive recklessly to gain more viewers on his stream. the two in the back stand in the sunroof when curt closes it, and they both get eaten alive by a dog in the junkyard. the person in the front seat dies when she gets drilled in the face by kurt. kurt asks if bobby saw the three people he killed, but bobby wasn't watching his stream. bobby tells kurt to be more like jessie, because she is authentic. when kurt is watching jessie's live stream, we see kurt arrive at bobby's house at the exact same time jessie opens up her door. bobby gets mad at kurt because kurt thinks they're friends. also, kurt thinks bobby owes him something because he used to babysit him. after kurt gains more viewers, he takes out a knife and brutally stabs bobby until he's dead. after cleaning up the body. kurt gets a lot of viewers by hosting himself on bobby's channel. kurt's dad then texts him, asking him for a ride. when kurt's dad mentions a famous person that will be at the party he's going to, kurt jumps in the car in hopes of getting more fame. they arrive at the party and we see that kurt's dad only has a few viewers, and the famous person has thousands. kurt asks her for a shout out, and she says she will if he gives her a ride to a taco truck. kurt gets her a taco and she takes selfies with the gun that bobby had. when she's done, she drinks the water kurt has in his car. when he returns, he realizes what happened and tries to dispose of the poisoned water. the cops see him and take him out to be questioned. randomly, the girl wakes up and shoots one of the cops in the head, allowing kirk to get away. the cops catch up to him, and he now has even more viewers. while driving by homeless people, he crashes his car, and all the while, jesse is driving to her comedy performance. we see jesse is about to perform, and kurt is there with a gun. after her performance, kurt gets a notification that he has been suspended from the app that allows him to drive people around and kill them. he then gets a ride from another person and kills them off screen. jesse leaves a bar and gets a ride with kurt unknowingly, when kurt reveals he was her driver earlier, she tries to reach help on her phone. kurt was at her show and knows her phone won't work because she broke it on stage. suddenly, jesse grabs a cord and starts to choke kurt. kurt gets out of it and knocks jesse out with a single punch. he takes jessie's body and drops it off in his front yard and asks his viewers what he should do with her. his viewers want him to kill her, so he prepares to run her over. kurt looks away and realizes jesse is gone. so he steps out of his car. jesse is able to get in his car and starts to drive toward him, but crashes into his house, allowing kurt to escape into another room. kurt's dad shows up and is confused about the whole situation. this allows kurt to grab his gun and shoot his father multiple times. jessie is able to get into the car, but when she can't go in reverse, she decides to drive kurt into the wall. jesse kills kurt by beating him with his phone that is still streaming. this is how the movie ends. and don't forget to drop a like. let me know if you like this content. and feel free to watch some of my other videos. 