[Music] on Berk a Viking village located on a remote island subject to frequent dragon attacks, hiccup, the awkward, fifteen-year-old son of the village chieftain stoic, the vast is deemed too small and weak to fight the Dragons. because of this, he instead fashions mechanical devices under his apprenticeship with Gobber, the village blacksmith. though his inventions often backfire. during one attack, hiccup shoots down a Night Fury, an extremely dangerous, never-before-seen dragon. yet no one believes him, so he goes off to look for it on his own. he later finds the Night Fury in the forest, trapped in his bolas. but finding that he cannot bring himself to kill the dragon, instead setting it free, stoic assembles a fleet to find the Dragon's nest, entering hiccup in a dragon killing class taught by Gobber, hiccup returns to the forest to find the Night Fury still there. realizing the dragon cannot fly because hiccups bolas crippled its tail fin, hiccup befriends the dragon, gradually taming it and giving it the name toothless due to its retractable teeth. feeling guilty for crippling toothless, hiccup designs a harness rig and prosthetic fin for the dragon that allows the dragon to fly once more. as hiccup controls its prosthetic tail. by observing toothless's behavior, hiccup becomes increasingly proficient in subduing the captive dragons during training, non-violently, earning him the admiration of his peers, but causing Astrid, a tough Viking girl on whom hiccup has a crush, to become increasingly suspicious of his behavior. meanwhile, Stoics fleet arrives home unsuccessful, though he is cheered up by hiccups unexpected success in dragon training faster. it eventually discovers toothless in the forest. hiccup takes her for a flight to demonstrate that the dragon is harmless. toothless unexpectedly takes the pair to the Dragon's nest, where they discover a gargantuan dragon named the Red Death, which eats the smaller dragons unless they bring in food. the two realized that the dragons have been attacking Berk under the red death's control, and not by their own free will. back at the village, pick up, having one dragon training, is given the honour of killing a captive, monstrous nightmare dragon. he subdues it in front of his father and village instead, in an attempt to prove that the dragons are harmless. however, stoic inadvertently angers the dragon into attacking. toothless attempts to protect hiccup in the ensuing panic, but is instead captured by the Vikings. in the process, hiccup accidentally reveals to stoical that toothless is capable of locating the Dragon's nest. stoic disowned and sets off for the nest, with toothless chained to the lead ship as a guide. the Vikings locate and break open the Dragon's nest, allowing most of the dragons to fly out, but also awakening the Red Death, which soon overwhelms the berkians. hiccup Astrid and their friends fly in, riding Burke's captive training dragons, providing cover fire and distracting the Red Death while hiccup frees toothless. hiccup almost drowns while doing so, but stoic saves them both reconciling with his son, toothless and hiccup destroy the red death by shooting fire into its mouth. hiccup is injured in the fight, losing his lower left leg. pick up later regains consciousness on Berk to find himself admired amongst the tribe. and by Astrid having successfully brought dragons and humans together. [Music] 