welcome to the man of recaps. these are the Best Picture nominees for the Oscars 2019. I've watched them all so you don't have to, and you can still sound smart in front of your friends. first up is Roma. it's a black and white artsy foreign language film, so I know you didn't watch this one. it follows a housekeeper back in 1970s Mexico. and it's pretty light on plot. it's more of a day-in-the-life type thing, so at any given time there is nothing interesting happening on screen. basically, she meets a guy and he demonstrates his epic naked bow staff skills. this move has never worked for me, but apparently she's into it. she gets pregnant, and he's like, oh, that's cool, baby. I'm gonna get some popcorn. be right back. and we have to sit through the whole end of this movie within a movie while. he never comes back. so she said the family she works for goes to their country house for Christmas, where there's a forest fire. and this guy dressed as Bigfoot sings for about two minutes. not sure what that symbolizes. eventually, the maid goes to her baby daddy's karate class where ponytail nacho libre is teaching. apparently it's very difficult to stand on one leg with your eyes closed. but anyway, the guy makes it clear he wants nothing to do with her or the baby. eventually, she gives birth, and we get to watch it in real time. so 30 minutes later, it turns out baby's still born, and she's sad. again, family she works for goes on a beach vacation, and the kids are dumb, so she has to swim out and save them. and then she realizes that even though she doesn't have her own kids, she's part of this family, and I guess, finds happiness. and that's how Romo ends. for my mini review, let me say that the movie opens with four minutes of a close-up shot of someone mopping the floor. and these are some of the more interesting minutes of the movie. I can only assume this director and all the critics are trolling us, unless it's actually a brilliant satire of boring, artsy, foreign language black-and-white films, in which case maybe it's amazing. next up is the favorite. it's basically Mean Girls set in jolly old England. Queen Anne is not much of a queen, so her BFF, rachel wise, basically runs the kingdom. one day, her cousin, emma stone shows up, and her family's lost all their money, so she needs a job, and rachel weisz takes her under her wing. but emma soon discovers that rachel keeps the Queen favored with some smoochin. so she starts courting the Queen's favor by petting her bunnies and then patting her body. so the two girls compete to be the Queen's favorite for a while, until eventually Hema Stone poisons Rachel's tea with her out of the way. Emma Stone is running the kingdom for a while. eventually Rachel makes it back, but emma stone fabricated that she was stealing or something, so she's kicked out. emma wins everything. Queen Anne is very annoying to be around, so it's not all that great. for my mini-review, well, there's a lot of fun times. there's a lot of boring times too. that would be better if it were about an hour shorter. next up is vice. it's a pseudo documentary style about Dick Cheney. vice president to George W. Bush. and it was the White House's worst kept secret. but Dick Cheney was the one really calling the shots. the main thing about this movie is that he's played by Christian Bale. yeah, that's Batman. long story short, he flunks out of Yale for partying too much, but his girlfriend kicks him into shape, so he gets an internship with Congress, where he meets a hustle. Scott, yeah, that's Steve Carell playing Donald Rumsfeld. rummy takes Cheney under his wing, and long story short, they rise the ranks real quick. jenny has a great decade in Congress being an ultra conservative douche bag. but when the numbers come in that he's not good enough to run for president, he retires from politics and becomes CEO of Halliburton, the oil company. years later, George W needs a vice president, and Cheney's like, I'll do it if you let me actually run everything. George is like, yeah, that's perfect for me. so Cheney is not so secretly running the country behind the scenes. and eventually 9/11 happens. Cheney and his oil buddies had already made plans of how to divvy up Iraq in case they ever got to invade. and this was a great opportunity. so Cheney hand-picked the sketchy evidence that barely linked the 9/11 attacks to Iraq and undisputably tricked America into going to war there, accidentally creating Isis in the process. my mini review, it was just okay, kind of fun watching if you're interested in politics and history. Christian Bale playing Dick Cheney, though, incredibly impressive. next up is black Klansmen. a young black guy becomes the first black police officer in Colorado Springs. they send him undercover with his partner, Steve Buscemi and kylo Ren. at first they have him watching the black community, making sure they don't get violent. but then he sees an ad in the newspaper recruiting for the Ku Klux Klan. he decides to do his best white guy voice and pretend to join. obviously, he can't meet them in person, so Adam driver pretends to be him a meetings while he keeps working him over the phone. and together they find out a lot of info on him. long story short, they discover a bomb plot and are able to stop it before it hurts anyone. so he saved the day. but of course, the Klan survives. and to this day, in 2018, the same kind of hate is still happening. it's sad. my mini review, this one was a great watch, a good balance of comedy and drama with some really important underlying themes. now, it's the Green Book, also in the 1970s, dealing with race. um Aragorn is a bouncer in New York. the club he works at is closed for renovations this summer. so first he joins a hot dog eating contest to make some money. but then he gets a driver slash bodyguard gig for this black concert pianist who's going on a tour of the south. the green book is the Travel Guide that tells you what hotels black people are allowed to stay at. at first they have this Odd Couple thing going on, white versus black, but also, uh, fancy educated versus, you know, street smarts. eventually they bond over fried chicken, which everyone can agree is delicious, and they become best friends. The Pianist faces racism both gentle and violent, but Tony lips got his back. and at the final concert, when they won't let him eat at the restaurant where he's playing. Tony convinces him to bail. they go next door to the black bar, where he plays the best concert of his life, then brings him home for Christmas dinner, and they live happily ever after. my mini-review, a real solid movie, a lot of fun moments along the way and a powerful message about embracing commonalities instead of differences. and of course, Viggo Mortensen and Maher Saleh Alief, fantastic actors. now it's black panther, the one you've actually seen. King T'Challa is the black panther, a superhero who dresses like a cat. he's king of Wakanda, a poor African nation. but secretly, it's a super advanced society because they got vibranium deep in their ground. his dad recently died, so before he's officially King, they have the whole challenge ceremony. long story short, Michael B Jordan shows up. he's the long-lost cousin. his dad was the King's brother, who was a trader, so he grew up alone in America. now he's back to claim the throne. they have an epic fight and all, but he wins throws to chala off the waterfall. and even though this is a crazy, outdated tradition, rules are rules. kill mongers. now King, his plan is to liberate black people around the world, which sounds good, but he's gonna do it by conquering the world. so not so good. the royal family escaped with Bilbo Baggins. they find T'Challa Anais and feed him the Black Panther flower. so, boom, Black Panthers back. he busts in to reclaim his kingdom and one-on-one fight, the hull stabs him. but it's kind of a sad victory, because he really understands kill mongers motivations. so he takes him up to see the Condon sunset, and he decides that what condo will help black people around the world, but in a peaceful way. my mini review, well, it's awesome. if you don't love the Marvel movies, I mean you should. it seems crazy that a superhero movie could win best picture. but it has a of complex themes and deep characters, and is just, you know, probably the most entertaining. next up, it's Bohemian Rhapsody, the story of Freddie Mercury, the lead singer of Queen. Freddie was blessed with an incredible voice and, maybe even more importantly, an incredible stage presence. eventually, Littlefinger comes and signs them, and boom, Queen is a big hit. they eventually record Bohemian Rhapsody, which everyone's skeptical about because it's a six minute, crazy rock opera. but of course, it becomes a classic and is incredibly popular. Freddie proposes to his girlfriend. wait a minute, is it Freddie Mercury, a queen famously gay? yeah, he eventually figures that out. so he and his wife agree to be just friends, and he goes full-on gay rock star party mode. his new manager slash boyfriend manipulates him into quitting the band, and he starts partying way too hard. yes, eventually gets the AIDS, so he fires that guy, apologizes to his band, and Queen reunites for an awesome save Africa concert. and the way the movie portrays it, Queen played so good they basically saved Africa. my mini-review, Bohemian Rhapsody is very mediocre. it wants to be an awesome rock and roll epic, like almost famous, but it just doesn't quite have the heart. and as a straight biopic, its kind of boring. I think it would have been a lot better as a rock and roll fantasy, like the new Elton John movie coming out. and finally, it's your mom's favorite, a star is born. director Bradley Cooper is a rock star. after a show one day, he stops by a random local bar for a drink because he is an alcoholic. and turns out Lady gaga is singing the open mic night. he's instantly smitten, and they have an incredible, impromptu first date where she sings an original song she wrote that you've heard on the radio about swimming in the deep end. he brings her to his next concert and has her come out on stage and sing her song, and she kills it. she joins him on tour, and they fall in love. he proposes with the little guitar string. it's super romantic. she blows up with her own singing career, and soon as just as biggest stars him, she wins the Grammy for Best New Artist. but Bradley still has a drinking problem, and that night he is pissed drunk, literally pieces pants onstage. but she loves him and stands by him. so he goes to rehab, and soon they're reunited. she wants them to tour together, but her managers like, no way. so she cancels her tour to be with the one she loves. but he realizes he's holding her down now, and he's a real tortured artist type anyway, so he decides to kill himself. no out of nowhere. this happy, singing movie is making me cry all over the place. and Gaga ends the movie with a super sad, emotional tribute song. my meaning it's great. Gaga had Bradley Cooper bring a ton of emotion to their characters, and it's a real nice love story with some great singing, and it'll make you cry at the end. there you have it, the Best Picture nominees for the 2019 Oscars. I know you guys are having a hard time finding a host this year. it's short notice, but I'm available. I've got the tux ready to go. [Music]. 