hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2015 film, The Hunger Games, Mockingjay part 2, the fourth and final film in The Hunger Games series. so let's get started. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see a summary, please check out the links below. the film picks up right where the previous film ended with Katniss recovering after being attacked by the brainwashed Peeta. the rebels fight in district 2, disabling their weapons while trying to rally the troops against the Capitol. Katniss is shot and injured. at first, the injured Katniss is told she cannot battle, but she sneaks on to a supply ship. anyway, Katniss is assigned to a group including Gale Finnick, a film crew and a variety of other soldiers. the goal is for the group to stay behind the main wave of troops and film propaganda footage to rally even more troops. the leader of the group, Boggs, carries a holographic map called the hollow, which is supposed to help them avoid various booby traps known as pods which are littered throughout the capital. Peeta is sent to join the squad, even though he has not fully recovered from his brainwashing. as the group travels into the capital, the trigger various pods, and several of the group members are killed, including its leader balls. before he dies, Boggs gives Katniss the holo in hopes that you will be able to avoid the majority of the remaining pods. Katniss convinces the surviving members that she is on a secret mission to kill snow. and they continue to push into the Capitol while being attacked by more pods and the Capitals peacekeepers. and more of the group continues to die. at one point, the Capitol believes that they are successful in killing Kevin, which they announced publicly, and president coin delivers a eulogy in order to rally the rebels. Katniss's group travels into the sewers in hopes of avoiding some of the pods, but they are attacked by genetically engineered creatures. some of the members of their group are killed, including Finnick, one of the previous hunger game winners. Katniss uses the holo self-destruct feature in order to take out a large portion of the creatures. once out of the sewers, the group is pursued by more peacekeepers, and they hide in the store owned by tigress, a former Hunger Games stylist, who provides them shelter in disguises. President Snow offers the fleeing capital citizens to take refuge at his mansion, which Katniss and Gale uses that an opportunity to enter the mansion. as they try to enter the mansion in disguise, the rebels arrive and begin fighting with the capital peacekeepers. a hovercraft flies overhead, dropping small parcels into an area with young children from the capital, which detonate, killing all the children. a team of rebel medics rush in to help, including Katniss's sister print. however, as the group rushes in to help, a second wave of bombs explodes, killing prim and knocking out Katniss. after Katniss recovers, she finds out that the Capitol has been taken over by the rebels and snow has been captured. Katniss meets with snow, where snow explains that the attack that killed prim was, in fact done by the rebels and president coin, not by the Capitol. Katniss doubts him, but snow reminds Katniss of an earlier promise he made not to lie to her. the scene actually relates back to a part earlier in the film where Gale describes a similar attack of causing a small explosion to take out a small group, then a big group of people rush in and cause a second explosion to maximize the casualties. this leads the viewers to think that the attack could possibly not be caused by the Capitol, but a vicious attack from the rebels, which caused casualties on both sides. this is important to consider, because, remember, the entire reason Katniss got involved with the Hunger Games was protect her sister, Prim, who may have just been killed by the rebels. who she was what? Katniss approaches Gale to ask him if the attack was really orchestrated by the rebels, and in Gale is unable to assure her that it wasn't from the rebels. Katniss then cuts off all ties with Gale, assuming that the attacker there was caused by them. president coin celebrates her victory and has the former Hunger Games winners come to a meeting where she proposes a new Hunger Games, where the former citizens the Capitol must send their own children in to in order to pay for what they did to the children and the district's they vote on the idea, and Katniss gives the swing vote in favor, in exchange that Katniss will be able to execute snow personally at the public execution instead of killing snow, Katniss shoots and kills coin in revenge for her sister, prims death. the rebels then arrest Katniss, while an angry mob kills snow. Katniss is eventually pardoned for her crime and has returned to district 12. a new president is elected. Katniss goes on to eventually marry Peeta as well as has two children with him. and the film ends as she reflects on the nightmares of her past, thinking on how there are much worse games to play. to add a quick point of clarification, this film doesn't really end on a happy note. Katniss lost her sister, the one who she was fighting for, and has pretty severe PTSD and trauma from the two Hunger Games she was in, as well as the rebellion that she bought it. while some found this ending to be a bit too satisfying, it definitely is more realistic for somebody who has participated and seen that the atrocities that Katniss did, as well as having lost the main person that she was fighting for. so that was the spoilers for the Hunger Games, Mockingjay part 2. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 