[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spider-man. and with the wall-crawler making his way across the world in more ways than one, it's time to break down whether this new movie is a home run or not. throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything that you need to know about spider-man far from home, as well as what it's ending means and what it teases for the future of phase 4. there will be heavy spoilers, so if you haven't seen the movie yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, with that out the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. and now sit back, relax, and let's get to my breakdown of spider-man far from home. far from home picks up immediately after the events of Avengers endgame, with the world mourning the loss of Iron Man after he sacrificed himself to save the universe. the film itself opens with Nick Fury and Maria Hill are finding themselves caught in the eye of the storm with a face and about to hit the dirt, literally when they go up against the earth elemental however, after they are saved out of nowhere by Mysterio, it seems like the world is finally in safe hands. on the surface, Mysterio is the perfect replacement for Tony, and he's more than willing to take on the position as the planets best protector. in stark contrast, excuse the pun, Peter isn't sure whether he still wants to deal with the responsibility that comes with his great power. every chance he gets he tries to ghost Nick Fury. and whilst he's happy still wearing the suit, it's clear that he's not ready to become the Next Iron Man. however, his powers are much sought after, and when fury tracks him down during the middle of a school trip through Europe, he slowly comes to the realization that he has to become the next Tony Stark. what I love about this acceptance is that Peter first gets a real hint of how he must look at the world when wearing Tony's glasses. and this begins to make him understand that this is more than just about him, and that when the earth is in danger, he has to answer the call that doesn't mean it's an easy ride, though, and along the way, peer teams up with Quentin Beck, aka Mysterio, who becomes somewhat of a mentor to the impressionable team. that puts a wealth of doubt in his mind as to whether he's cut out for the hero life or not. apparently comes from the multiverse and was transported to our timeline it due to the snap which tore through reality on his world, the elementals ravaged the planet. it seems like Bek selflessly wants to stop the same thing from happening here. however, if you have even a passing interest in spider-man, then you probably knew from the first trailer that the elementals would be fake, and that Mysterio is, in fact the bad guy, orchestrating the entire attack for fame and fortune. we learn that back as a master of illusions, and was an ex stock industries employee that helped the create both the augmented reality simulation from Captain America Civil War that he has been using to cast a shadow in Peters mind. we discovered that the multiverse, at least for now, doesn't exist, and that Bek was fired for being unstable in the wake of Stark's death, he finally sees an opportunity to rise to the forefront. and Peter unearths this during the movie. what I love about the villain is that it once again showcases the depth of stocks failure. ever since the first Iron Man film, the majority of enemies in the MCU have been brought forth due to Tony's a responsibility. and spider-man slowly learns that though he must follow in his mentors footsteps, it's imperative that he doesn't make the same mistakes. it's also in this movie that Peters relationship with MJ, really comes to fruition. and after the stellar performance by zendaya and Holland, it's clear to see why they are Marvel's new golden couple. the two put it together that Bek is faking it. and though the hero goes to face down his new arch-nemesis, he also has to battle with his self-doubt that Mysterio expertly put into his mind. what's masterful about the manipulator is that he really makes Peter not only doubt himself, but also those around him. but Peter realizes that he must rebuild himself, which really manifests with him creating a new suit that comes across as one of the coolest that he's worn in the film franchise so far. it's in this scene that I really felt like Peter stepped into the role of the new Iron Man as a co-star, creating a suit in the cave from the very first film. Peter rushes to London to take back head-on, who once again is attempting to unleash an illusion. however, Peter stops him, and Mysterio seemingly dies. but whether this is actually the case is another thing entirely. Mysterio is, of course, a master of illusion, and upon realizing that he's unable to beat Peter, I can definitely see him instead, faking his death in order to get out of the situation. bear in mind, Beth takes control of stocks tech in the film, so he's more than capable of making it appear that he's dead. the only thing that confirms that he's no longer alive is the machine that he himself had control over. and it's pretty safe to assume that he had a contingency plan built into the AI and case he needed to get out of the situation, to me, you don't cast Jake Gyllenhaal as you big bad to kill him off in the first film. and I can genuinely see him returning, which i think is confirmed by the post-credits scene, which I'll get into next. so the film wraps up neatly. Peter and MJ look like they're in love, and things go back to the status quo, until both characters swing into the post-credits scene. the first scene picks up with Peter gliding through New York with MJ. and after he drops her off and leaps to a lamp post overlooking Madison Square Garden, we see on a large screen that there's an incoming news report from the Daily Bugle. they've apparently acquired an exclusive clip that shows spider-man was, in fact behind the drone attack in London, and is a threat to the world, rather than its hero. the show is hosted by none other than Jay jonah Jameson, played by JK Simmons. and whilst this is an amazing moment, it's quickly sent bittersweet when the media mogul reveals the second part of the footage that shows that Peter Parker is spider-man. Peter is devastated. but just before we can see the repercussions of this reveal, the movie cuts to black, similar to the ending of homecoming, in which Aunt May discover that her nephew is the webhead. so what could happen going forward? well, if you're a fan of the comic books, then you'll know that this reveal to the world already happened in the pages of Civil War. with Peters identity out in the open, his enemies quickly close in on him. but after they realized he's very difficult to kill, they instead go after his friends and family. an assassin shoots Aunt May, and the story becomes about Peter tracking down the shooter and getting to the root of the hit, which is revealed to be the kingpin. well, I don't think that the MC will bring this in. it's very possible that in this incarnation, Mysterio could still be pulling the strings. after all, it seems likely that the villain edited and gave the fudge to Jameson to broadcast to the world. whilst I've seen a lot of people angry that Peters identity has been revealed so early, the MCU is no stranger to the heroes having public faces. and this has pretty being a staple of the universe since the first film in 2008. however, in the comics, the creators behind them did wreck on the reveal. and after Peter made a deal with Mephisto that altered reality, he was able to become anonymous once more in the storyline. one more day, Peter was able to return to the life of a masked hero. however, in exchange, he lost the love of his life, Mary Jane. what else does credit scene does is that it confirms the multiverse, with a slightly altered version of Jameson appearing in this universe, as opposed to the Raimi set of fillers. if j jonah Jameson is a constant year, then that means that there could also exist alternate versions of the character. and Holland and Garfield have recently confirmed that they would both love to do a live action version of into the spider-verse. if Sony managed to secure Tobey Maguire for this, then it could easily be the best spider-man movie of all time. with all three leads heading up the film, it would be interesting to see if Marvel adapts this, and if they do, how they rework the story to fit a return. it gets me really hyped for the future of the franchise, and I can't wait to see what happens down the line, especially with the next reveal. the second scene starts off with Nick Fury and Maria Hill are driving along, before they transform into Scrolls, which are none other than Talos and his wife from Captain Marvel. this means that, and far from home, the two shield agents have in fact, been Scrolls the entire time. and we discovered that the real hill in Fury, or, in fact, on vacation aboard a Skrull spaceship. we've had confirmation from Kevin Feige that the alien race would once again return to the Marvel Universe, and I have a feeling that we will definitely get more from them than just a credit scene. at this point in the MCU, it's been 30 years since the events of Captain Marvel, and it doesn't look like the scrolls have finally found a home yet. in the story, Secret Invasion, they invade the planet and assume the identities of several heroes in order to achieve their goals. now that the alien race are in orbit of the planet. I can definitely see some of them going rogue and trying to take over the earth whilst the Avengers are still dissembled. if we get that, it'll be amazing. but either way, this really gets me excited for what's to come down the line. now before we get into my review, I just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel, and leave your thoughts and the movie the comments below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to whoever gets the prize. best of luck to everyone who takes part. now let's get into the rest of the video. so what did I think of the movie overall? well, far from home, it's outstanding from start to finish, and really feels like the perfect follow-up to endgame. this brings the storyline back down to ground level and sets up several things that I know will have bigger consequences down the line. it's one of those movies that you walk out of and want to find out what happens next as soon as you can. every actor brings their a-game, and this movie is really doing its all to flesh out the Spidey verse in more ways than one. I really hope the next film is set in Australia and called spider-man Home &amp; Away. but even if it's not, I feel like this movie ticked all of the boxes, and that's why it gets a 9 out of 10. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on far from home and where you think the universe will go from here. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and make sure that you check out my full breakdown of the Avengers end game. we release new footage, which will be linked at the end. it covers all of the ins and outs of the added scenes, and it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know what happens without paying more money to see the same movie twice. I'll link that at the end, and hopefully I'll see you over there after this. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, could subscribe. thanks again. for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 