welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about crimson peak in buffalo, new york, 1887. american heiress edith cushing is the daughter of wealthy businessman carter cushing. one night, young edith is visited by her deceased mother's black, disfigured ghost, who warns her beware of crimson peak. in 1901, edith, now a budding author, meets sir thomas sharp, an english baronet who has come to the united states with his sister lucille. he seeks investors for his clay mining invention. edith notices that both siblings clothing is expensively made, but outdated and rather worn. unimpressed with sharp's previous failures to raise capital, mr cushing rejects thomas's proposal. when thomas and edith become romantically attached, edith's father and her childhood friend, dr alan mcmichael, disapprove. mr cushing hires a private detective who uncovers unsavory facts about the sharps. mr cushing then bribes the siblings to leave america, immediately ending thomas and edith's romance. thomas, however, sends edith a note explaining his actions and proposes to her after mr cushing's mysteriously gruesome death. edith and thomas marry and return to england. they arrive at allerdale hall, the sharps dilapidated mansion in cumberland, which is steadily sinking into the red clay mine it sits the top while being eroded by the weather. lucille is cold toward edith, while thomas remains physically distant. their marriage unconsummated. lucille obsessively plies edith with tea made from fire thorne berries. and thomas persuades her to obtain the first half of her late father's estate to continue construction on his mining machine. gruesome red ghosts begin appearing to edith throughout the mansion, frightening her and concerning the sharks. thomas takes edith on an outing to the local post office. the postal clerk gives edith a letter from italy addressed to e sharp. edith discovers that thomas had a connection to an italian woman whose first initial is also e. thomas and edith are snowed in for the night, and take the opportunity to finally make love lucille angrily lashes out after their return, seemingly upset that edith and thomas slept together, disturbing edith. while lucille is distracted, edith steals one of her many keys. by the time thomas mentions that the estate is referred to as crimson peak due to the warm red clay seeping through the snow, edith is growing weak and coughing up blood. edith explores the mansion and pieces clues together, discovering that thomas previously married three wealthy women, one an italian named enola seody, whose locked trunk is stored in the basement next to bats of blood red clay. a ghost lures her to a closet where she discovers wax cylinders in which one of thomas's previous wives recorded a message revealing the sharps poisoned her for her inheritance. edith realizes lucille is poisoning her, and that the siblings have had a years-long incestuous relationship, resulting in a sickly child that died shortly after birth. lucille, the more deranged sibling, also murdered their mother after she discovered her children's incest, thomas inherited the family manner that, like many aristocratic estates of the era, is no longer profitable. the sharps are virtually penniless. the siblings thus began a marriage and murder scheme to support themselves and finance thomas's inventions. when edith reveals her discoveries, lucille pushes her from a balcony, hoping to kill edith, but only breaking her leg. back in the united states, allen learns what mr cushing uncovered about the sharps prior to his death, thomas's multiple marriages and lucille being in a mental institution, he travels to allerdale hall in the dead of winter to rescue edith. when alan arrives, he finds edith nearly bedridden. lucille demands that thomas kill him. by now, thomas feels suffocated by lucille, wants to leave all this behind and has fallen in love with edith. wishing to protect her, he inflicts a non-fatal stab wound to alan and hides him. lucille forces edith to sign a transfer deed granting the sharp's ownership of her estate, and proclaims she murdered edith's father. edith stabs lucille and attempts to flee. thomas burns the transfers and begs his sister to leave the house so they can all be together. lucille realizes he also wants edith with them. upset and jealous that thomas loves edith, she kills him in a blind rage, then pursues edith. aided by thomas's ghost. edith kills lucille with a shovel. she silently bids thomas farewell before he vanishes. edith and alan are rescued by the villagers, whereas lucille becomes the black ghost of allerdale hall, trapped in the mansion, playing piano for all eternity. the end credits imply that edith has written a novel titled crimson peak based on her experiences. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 