welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this episode, we're going to be getting you up to speed on the birds of prey, the DC super team is making their way to the big screen for the first time this year. and throughout the video, we're going to be discussing the members of the group, the best stories and everything you need to know. there may be some spoilers here, so if you don't want any surprises about the group potentially roomed, then I highly suggest that you turn off. now. as of making this video, we haven't seen the movie yet, so these won't be in regards to its plot. but we also don't know if aspects of this video will pop up in the film. for the same reason. anyway, if you're still here, thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our birds of prey breakdown. birds of prey made their debut in 1996 in the one-shot comic book of Black Canary / Oracle. birds of prey by Chuck Dixon. the storyline featured the two titular members fighting crime throughout the world. it's an espionage type thriller featuring an Aston Martin and canary goes head-to-head with a group of assassins that wish to kill an apparent philanthropist named Nick Devine, who's building a dam into wonder. Nick turns out to be behind the entire thing. Oracle provides Intel, and the two make a great team up. readers loved it. and though initially the core team was made up of Batgirl / Oracle and Black Canary, they would go on to expand their ranks in several ways. but who's in the team? well, though the lineup in the film is made up of Holly Quinn, Cassie Kane, Renee Montoya, Huntress and Black Canary, a lot more have joined the ranks over the years. predominantly, Batgirl / Oracle and Black Canary lead the charge on most missions. before her paralysis was retconned. Oracle provided the Intel and technical support behind their missions, and predominantly, she worked as the voice in the head to guide them through crime fighting. the launch of the new 52 changed up the severity of her disability after the Joker's shot her in The Killing Joke. and since donning the cape and cowl once more, she has returned to active duty. Black Canary, the other founding member has been a staple of the group since the start, all the way up to present-day. Canary, real name Dinah Lance, is a martial arts expert, and she also has metahuman abilities that have gifted her with the ability to carry out a devastating sonic blast from a vocal chords. this high-pitched shrill cannot characters back and destroy objects, if used correctly. depending on whether you read the original Canon, the new 52 or rebirth, canary has been in an on-again, off-again relationship with costume vigilante Green Arrow, and the two have helped to build each other's skills throughout the decades. next up is Huntress. and similar to canary, depending on what run you read, massively changes up her origin story. at one point she was the daughter of Batman and Catwoman. and they have actually been several versions of the character in comic book Canon. for this video, we're going to be predominantly focusing on Helena Bertinelli, as this is the depiction that has been most widely accepted, and it's also the one that is being adapted on the big screen. Helena Rosa Bertinelli, to give her a full name, initially started off as an incarnation of Batgirl in the run no-man's land. Batman distrusted her and forced her to Don a new mantle, and she picked up the moniker Huntress, which she found criminals to be more receptive to. Huntress is the daughter of a mob boss, and after watching her family slaughtered in front of her eyes, she vowed to put an end to the Mafia. Huntress is an extremely skilled fighter, and she also is an amazing shot with a crossbow, which has made her a strong member of the team. the next member will be discussing his Harley Quinn. and boy, where do I even start? dr. Harleen Francis Quinzel, to give her a full title, first appeared in Batman, the Animated Series, all the way back in 1992. she made the leap to comic books the year after, and has been a mainstay since then. initially, the character was merely the Joker's girlfriend, but in more recent runs, she's broken free of the toxic relationship and has turned from a super villain into a sort of antihero. I was quite surprised that Holly was brought over to the birds of prey, as predominantly she's a member of The Suicide Squad and Gotham City sirens. what may happen is that she could be tied to their origin story, but end up going her own way at the end of the movie and leave the others to form the team. one of her best friends, poison ivy, has been a mainstay in the crew, and who the movie could even introduce her as being part of the group. poison ivy is, of course, one of Batman's most infamous enemies. and though she has also become an antihero in a more recent depictions, she's still one of the most powerful members of the teen ibeacon control plants, create terrifying ones that would scare you out of mowing the lawn and hypnotize people into doing her bidding. joining her in terms of the most powerful members of the group is big bada, a former member of the female Furies of Apocalypse. completely lethal Poirot, was one of Darkseid's best soldiers, and after straying from a master, she has become a defender of earth. bada makes appearances from time to time, and isn't a mainstay of the group, but she still makes an entrance whenever she appears. Lady Blackhawk has to be known to join the team from time to time. Black Hawk was hurtled through time after being part of the world war two team of the same name. and after landing in the present, she's become a valuable member due to her skills. katana has also made many notable appearances through the years, and I was expecting her as part of the group, especially after her introduction in Suicide Squad. after first appearing in 1983, katana has had a countless number of appearances. katana is a samurai who carries the sword that a husband's soul is trapped in. and she's a master at using the weapon most commonly associated with the outsiders. she's also jumped across several times to provide the birds of prey with assistance over the decades. Renee Montoya was initially a detective from the GCPD who was assigned to the major crime units. but after working alongside Batman over the course of her comic book history, she ended up joining the birds of prey. Renee Montoya is actually a gay character, and over the years, she's become a strong symbol for the LGBTQ community. Cassandra Cain, in the comic books, was the daughter of assassins David Cain and Lady Shiva. initially the character couldn't talk, but due to her understanding of body language, she was a master at martial arts. Cassy could pretty much predict the moves that you were going to make before you even made them, due to subtle movements in your body. unless she's one of the best hand-to-hand fighters in the DC Universe. Cassy became Batgirl, and now it looks like the depiction is different from this massively. I do hope it makes an appearance in some form or another. there was also misfit, who is a teenage teleporter that completely idolizes Oracle. she joined the group as its youngest member, and though not often listed as one of the most important, she definitely deserves her place there. Hawk and Dove are also big elements of the team, and Hawk is actually one of the only men to ever be included in the lineup. the two characters symbolized war and peace and bring a whole lot with them when it comes to fighting the forces of evil. those are the most notable team members. and before we get into the comic books you need to check out, I just want to let you know we're giving away a free copy of dr. sleep to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on birds-of-prey in the comments section below. the one is gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February in the cell be shipped out from the enter forgets the price. it's the best of luck to everyone. he takes part. okay, so if you're looking for a place in comics to start with the team that I highly recommend that you pick up birds of prey, the death of Oracle. although it predominantly centers around Oracle, who won't be in the film, and it doesn't feature Harley Quinn. this storyline delves into how the group operate and also the psychology behind them. as you may guess, it centers around the, quote unquote, death of Oracle, and I definitely recommend that you pick it up. it's got pretty much 5 stars across the board on Amazon. so if the group is piqued your interest and you haven't read a storyline with them before, then this is the best place to start. if you just want an introduction to them, then I also highly recommend beginning a Batman cataclysm and working your way through the wrote in no-man's land before tackling no-man's land itself. it's a massive arc that spans years and should keep you occupied for a long time. if you want something a little less weighty, then why not give the 2002 TV series a shot? though short-lived and only 13 episodes long, it's definitely worth diving into if you want to know more about the characters. the show brings in Ashley Scott as Huntress, and pulls from the origin story in which she was the daughter of Batman. catwoman. dynami appears as oracle, and is also rachel's Garston as black canary. the series had a really interesting premise, and they picked up in the midst of Catwoman's murder and Batman's disappearance. featured callbacks to The Killing Joke and a lot more. and you may have even seen this world make an appearance in the recent crisis on Infinite Earths crossover, before the world was wiped out. though it received a lot of bad reviews at the time, all in all, it's not actually that bad of a show. I definitely recommend that you give it a watch, as it's quite short, and it has enough of Batman and general DC callbacks that'll keep most fans interested. anyway, that's everything you need to know about the birds of prey. make sure you say lock to the channel for our full breakdown of the movie when it releases. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the birds of prey as well as which member of the team is your favorite. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you check out our full breakdown of the leaked plot on the movie. it's a lot more spoiler filled than this and definitely worth watching. if you can't wait till Friday. if you want to support the channel from as little this 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early and can suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it. it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you want to come chat to us after the show? either follow us a definition whitey, click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up-to-date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 