[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a comedy horror film, witching and bitching. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. adam's hormone partner, eva, rides a motorcycle through the forest in a cool and carefree way. she pulls up in front of a stump to meet up with two witches. eva's granny, a gray-haired witch, is using cards for divination and concludes that a good fortune is underway. in a spanish city, jose and his gaggle of accomplices show up to an event dressed in miscellaneous fancy costumes. jose comes as jesus with his body painted silver, while his partner in crime, antonio, thrives as a toy soldier resplendent in green. along with them are spongebob, minnie mouse's headless man and a few jose and antonio are moving towards their targeted pawn shop slowly. as soon as jose's son calls him from the pawn shop, jose steps inside to start the robbery. jose takes out a gun from his cross to fire at the glass shells and threatens the shop assistants to fill his bag with gold rings. antonio joins jose in the action and blames him for bringing his damn son. jose only gets custody of him once a week, so it seems logical to take him along on a pawn shop hold up. in fact, the robbery is staged to pay his alimony and provide for his son. at this moment, a security guard senses something is wrong and approaches the shop for inspection. to stop the guards intervention, spongebob dashes over to shoot the guard down. the tourists are thrown into chaos and evacuate in all directions. the policemen who are patrolling the street come at once and kill spongebob. patrick starr hugs spongebob and cries, while the rest of the characters flee the crime scene, distracted by various escapees. the cops do not notice the shop door, which opens quietly at gunpoint. jose antonio and son hijack a taxicab and take the police on a chase. the taxi initially carries the driver and a noisy, stout passenger, who ends up being thrown into the trunk. driver plans to escape the horrid journey, but after hearing jose and antonio's fear and hatred of women, he opts in for the risk. it turns out, jose is in conflict with his ex-wife over the custody of their son. antonio is terrified of his more horny girlfriend and unable to feed her hormone appetites. driver is also adamant being constantly bad mouthed by a team meeting conspiracy of his mother, sister and wife. united by a deep sense of unease and insecurity regarding women, the crew are heading to the spanish border. back to the police's investigation, the arrested culprits reveal more details for the armed robbery that happened previously. antonio first discovered many divorced couples selling their wedding rings at the gold exchange. so they kidnapped the original costume characters, dumped them into the sewer and replaced them for the show. with some clues found. the police notify ex-wife of the crime. she visits the police station and identifies her son from the surveillance video. however, as jose is painted from head to toe, the cops cannot recognize his face. therefore, they request ex-wife to provide some photos of jose to their dismay. ex-wife does not keep any traces of jose, even his faces, ripped out of every picture. in response to the police's slow actions, ex-wife goes after her son using her cell phone. two cops in charge of the case have to follow ex-wife in panic. after a bumpy ride, the crew come to the witch granny's restaurant. when driver goes to dump his [ __ ], he sees a rolling a staring at him in the toilet bowl and leaves the bathroom in terror. when asked which town they will ride into next, granny tells them it is zugar murdi. driver is more afraid now, for zugar mordea is an old village populated by witches. however, granny dismisses such myths. son alone, plays around outside the restaurant and is brought back by a grandpa. driver notices a woman handling a broken leg in the kitchen, and cannot wait to leave the restaurant. what is funny is that the two cops tailing ex-wife also lament their lot at the hands of women due to all the terrible things he knows about zugara murdi. driver refuses to go further. he recalls his uncomfortable experience at the restaurant, but jose slaps him and warns him not to scare his son with ghost stories. driver has no choice but drives the car slowly into the fog. all of a sudden, their car crashes into the wandering granny. antonio checks her health status by touching her neck. but driver and jose stop him. when they are debating what to do, the witch vanishes without their notice. jose learns from his son that the witch flies off in the dark. everyone hurries back to the cab and move on with their journey. as their car safely leaves the garment, another woman stands in their way. she is a 40 year old lady searching for her mother, and pleads for a hitchhike. the crew then sends her to a huge castle, where they are met with cool eva, adam's hormone partner. it turns out that the middle-aged lady is eva's mom. antonio immediately falls for eva, but eva is more interested in jose the jesus. they do not intend to stay, but his son disappears. jose enters the castle to look for him. antonio, fascinated by eva, wants to spend more time with her, so driver is forced to step into the castle with the rest. love sparks off between eva and jose, and they almost fall into a tongue massage in antonio's presence. antonio has to remind jose the sun missing in action. while the two enjoy their hormone interactions with eva. driver is filled with fears. alone. at the kitchen, they find sun being stripped off, his clothes, tied up and placed in the oven. granny even stuffs an apple into son's mouth, making him like a turkey to be roasted. jose rescues his son at once and leaves the castle, although eva apologizes to him on the way. they dump passenger on the side of the road. as their car approaches the custom jose orders driver to return to the witch's house for he has accidentally left the loot there. after they make the u-turn, they put the passenger back into the trunk. jose and antonio sneak into the castle, while sun and driver remain in the cab. while exploring the castle, antonio chances upon eva posing sultrily in her bikini. seeing antonio losing his senses, jose awakens him that they must find the golden rings. later, they realize that the bag of treasure is left in the kitchen. when jose grabs hold of the loot, he also grabs the attention of mom and granny. needless to say, the four of them start a fierce fight. mom and granny crawl on the ceiling freely like spiders. after firing a few shots, jose and antonio run to the exit, but are soon captured and tortured by the witches with their long, juicy tongues. there is no peace for the cab either. eva hops onto the window of the car, sending a shiver down the driver's spines. driver starts the car in an attempt to get rid of diva. unfortunately, they crash into a tree and are forced to a light. eva continues to pursue them and eventually brings back driver and passenger. on the other side, ex-wife visits the restaurant and talks with grandpa for information. however, she has to rush out due to the toilet harassment. the police officers want to call for help, but poor reception kills off their hope. so they continue to follow ex-wife with complaints and grumbles. in the castle, jose, antonio, driver and passenger, are tied up to the chairs in the dining hall. eva, adams hormone partner, does not forget to seduce jose. while setting the table, mom takes a stroll on the ceiling and invites her fellow witch friends to the dinner and mentions something about the holy child. son alone, walks out from the frost in a blanket and tries to flag down a car for help. in fact, it is ex-wife's car, but she is too busy to notice her own son. even worse, the policemen behind her also ignore the sun, mistaking him as a hairless wild boar. unfortunately, sun stops granny's car, and thus is kidnapped by granny and grandpa and pushed into the car loaded with frozen human limbs. in the castle, eva plucks out passengers teeth and almost strangles him to death. terrified by such violence, jose secretly takes a knife to cut antonio's rope. but because he cannot use his hand freely, he cuts into antonio's arm, and thus creating more pain for him. ex-wife finally notices her son sitting in the witch's car and alerts the cops to help out. the trio break into the castle via a secret passage and climbs all the way up to a space above the ceiling. at this time, eva is serving her guests with a plate of fried human fingers. seeing his fingers all turned into food, passenger groans with fear. and three other men squeeze their brains for solutions. driver advises jose to flirt with eva and win her over with hormones. shortly after, granny, grandpa, son and a dozen of other witches walk into the dining hall. as the host mom declares the opening of her dinner party. addressing the witches, she criticizes existing religions and condemns man for being useless creatures. they are looking forward to the holy child to be born through the holy virgin and overthrow the men's world by the holy child. previous rituals have all failed, and this will be the 30-second ritual they are holding. but mom is confident in the upcoming ceremony because the child has come with a full bag of wedding rings, the source of power which they need. now, the two officers and ex-wife have reached the ceiling above the dining hall. however, the ceiling is too weak to hold their weight, so they end up falling onto the dining table. in the chaos, jose, antonio and driver rip off the rope and fight their way out against many witches. the dinner is then turned into a fierce fight. unlucky ex-wife is captured by the witches and forced to consume some tainted toad juice and passengers smelly ear. by doing so, they successfully turn ex-wife into a witch. meanwhile, eva rescues jose, but she is disappointed with the frigidity of his manner. jose confesses his love to the horny eva, but she is not pleased, and she even slaps jose so hard that he almost falls over the railing. to calm her down, jose suddenly gives eva a passionate tongue massage. after the massage, however, eva is filled so full with hormones that she cannot release a tantrum anymore. so she rolls on the ground as hard as she could. jose then seizes the opportunity to flee the scene and makes his way into the underground chamber. in the meantime, antonio and driver are painstakingly finding their way out. little do they know that hordes of witches are waiting for them ahead in the underground chamber. jose runs into eva's brother, who has been imprisoned by mom for a few decades. constant humidity makes brothers skin rot and peel away. the lonely and poor man hugs jose and sheds tears of joy. back to the rituals, mom has put on her luxurious wizard robe, and other witches are busy making necessary preparations. enraged by eva's fall for jose, mom puts her in a coffin and leaves her in the tunnel. jose free's brother from his shackles, and the two of them rush to the event to save son. on the way, they discover eva and takes her out of the coffin. brother teases eva as she pays such a heavy price for her romance, but jose refuses to untie eva. at the ritual chamber, the two cops, antonio and driver, are put up on poles to be lit as human candles. at such a depressing moment, one cop declares his hormone fetish for another cop. mom makes fun of the bible verse and arouses the support of countless witches. moments later, grandpa places a huge plate and fork on the table, and ex-wife sets on on the plate. in the singing of the witches, mom flies up to wander above the cave. right then, with a ground shaking, an ugly goddess resembling a fertility statue makes her grand entry. brother and jose arrive in time to witness goddess swallowing down sun. right away, the struggling sun passes through her throat, chest, intestine and leaves her smelly body tainted with mucus. with this, mom declares that son is the hermaphrodite holy child who will lead them to victory over men. hearing son calling jose daddy, goddess picks up brother and swallows him in one gulp. to everyone surprised, eva appears without chains and claims that she knows how to defeat goddess. as soon as goddess grabs hold of jose, eva jumps up to her head and uncoils the rope around her head that makes the grotesque, gargantuan monster fall on the bonfire, naked and in agony. after spitting out brother, goddess stumbles her way out of the cave, crashing into the two cops, antonio and driver, before trampling granny to death. another battle between man and witches begins. jose tries to hold his son, but only to get mucus thrown up in his face and knocked off by mom's wand. but eva takes sun from mom and attacks her without mercy. in the end, eva manages to kill her mom by smashing her wand into pieces. as a result, all the witches scream hard at her death. strangely enough, ex-wife starts to punch jose without stop. when jose is on the verge of dying, brother saves him by hitting ex-wife with an iron cylinder. eventually, the survivors leave the hell raised by the witches. one month later, son and little girl are doing a magic show at school. jose and eva show up together to support son. antonio boldly tells his girlfriend to take a break from her crazy work schedule. the two cops are chatting about where to go for holidays. when the magic show ends, the little girl spits out green mucus from her mouth. ex-wife mom and granny also attend the show and enjoy it much. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 