[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul. in this video, we're breaking down the penultimate episode of lovecraft country. by this point, this series is really going off on its own tangent. and it's interesting for fans like me that love the book, but are also excited to see how things are going with this new direction. we're going to be breaking it all down, but obviously there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the episode yet, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you've been enjoying the coverage. thank you, as always, for clicking the video. now let's get into the breakdown. okay, so episode 9 is titled rewind in 1921, and it sees our cast of characters traveling back to the air in question to witness the tulsa massacre firsthand. it's a heartbreaking episode. i can imagine a lot of people, myself included, finding to be a very difficult watch. the massacre happened in tulsa, oklahoma on may 31st, and lasted for several days. it involved white racists descending on black owned businesses and residents. and the police and national guard actually enabled this, even deputising some members of the mob so that their attacks were classed as being operated within the law. they destroyed over 35 blocks in the area, injured over 800 people and led to the death of 36 members of the public. it was overlooked throughout history and kind of brushed under the rug, to the point that a lot of people, including me, thought that its inclusion in watchmen was 100 fictional. the episode very much carries the notion of generational violence committed against the black community. and several of the characters we encounter embody the past sacrificing themselves for the future. it's very much about accepting that we all have a responsibility to take accountability for things. and i thought that this was kind of hinted at in the opening of the episode, with everyone pointing fingers at each other over who was to blame for what happened to dee. after topsy and bopsy caught up to her, her arms started to wither, and we discovered throughout the century that she's transforming into a monster herself, as the group are out of their depth when it comes to handling magic. atticus says that he's going to reach out to christina and will hand over titus's pages, something which we know could spell death for him. however, letty informs him that she's already gave them to christina. i think it's quite ironic how she went to christina last week, trying to get protection for him, but ultimately may have just sealed his fate. the clues were there when christina refused to make tick invulnerable. and we do start to get more hints about her overall agenda in this century. tempers flare, and ruby steps in, saying that lady had to protect herself. but she doesn't reveal a pregnancy just yet, and instead puts herself forward as a way to contact christina. both sides already know about the pregnancy, and it further hammers home this idea of secrets, which has been laced throughout the season. we see a piece of paper with the ali assault from last week on it and the words, the captain's not going to ask you again girl. because of the detail in the work, christina is able to pinpoint exactly which pages it came from. and thus she realizes that lancaster is the only way to lift this spell. due to a lot of these texts no longer being available, christina says she will reset the process, but in exchange, tick must come to autumn on the night of the autonomal equinox. she states that dee needs the blood of her closest relative in order to perform this. and with hippolyta gone, and the way things stand, that is currently montrose. however, as we've been theorizing, george may actually be atticus's true father. and that would make him the closest relative, which puts montrose in a sticky position, as he doesn't know whether to fess up and put his son in danger or not. the pair shares several big scenes together, and though we don't know for definite yet, i do think that montrose will actually be revealed as his true father. i think that's how the show will end, with them embracing one another, finally able to know everything about one another. but it could really go either way. keep an eye out for next week. now, montrose drinks george's moonshine, titled road rash. and as we know, the character used to constantly travel in order to write his safe travel guide. therefore, the term road rash ties in with traveling. and in case you don't know, moonshine is pretty much a homemade alcohol that became popular due to prohibition. the term moonshine comes from england, where it got its name, because creating moonshine was typically done at night so people would not find out about it. now, george's last words would take care of our family. and this could also be a reason as to why montrose killed yahima. earlier in the season, we learned from letty that d is getting worse and worse, which is when hippolyta returns home. as we stated last week, the showrunners did clarify that h did not come back after the events of episode 7, and this is why dee was on her own in the last entry. it is good to see her back here. and yeah, i'm quite surprised that it's taken her this long to return. i cut across town to captain lancaster's forces, and we learned that the coloration on his body is because the character had been kidnapping black people and using them as sort of transplants. this magic is no longer working, and due to the amulet that ruby placed in his office. the captain's new bodies are constantly being torn apart. this is because regeneration can cause one to heal fully, or it can actually regenerate the wounds that one has. and thus its usage here has become a curse. the police very much view black people as disposable people that they can just kidnap and kill to further their agenda. it's quite a difficult scene to watch due to the language used. we did discover that hiram epstein, whom lancaster had been friends with, experimented on black people and changed their bodies in several ways. so it is possible that this knowledge is what gave lancaster his ability to do this. christina, or rather william, arrives and removes the amulet and states that she did this as revenge for william. as we know, lancaster killed him, and christina has had to almost face his death every time she transforms back from him into herself. he watches lancaster die, and it's a big diversion from the book once more, as in that lancaster was a huge part of the finale. but it does look like they are changing things up quite a bit for next week. now, christina could have saved lancaster in order to save d. so her doing this does show that she is indeed operating with ulterior motives. now, i've kind of done these bits out of order to streamline the video a bit. but from here we jump back to d being worked on by christina. h is now the closest blood relative, and thus they can restore her. we see that d is almost completely like topsy and bopsy, who last week we stated were riffing on the pick. in any stereotype, the scene is very much an exorcism of the curse. i don't know if it's just me, but i got a lot of vibes of the opening of constantine, though i'm sure that too is riffing on real-world performances of rituals like this. now, as christina exits, ruby goes with her, but letty tries to talk her out of it. i think ruby very much represents someone that is only really in it for themselves, and they will look the other way out what society does in order to have safety and security. it's at this point that letty deduces christina will kill tick. and ruby just doesn't really seem to care. at one point, when she learns more about dell, she also realizes that letty was right, but still doesn't do anything about it. instead, she turns off dull's machine and says she wants to be a redhead, enabling christina even more to carry out her plan to kill tick. now what's weird about their relationship is that ruby really thinks she's getting equality when becoming a white woman, and that all her problems will go away. however, we know from christina that that isn't the case. i find it really interesting that ruby wants to become a white woman more than anything, whereas christina, who is a white woman, wants to become a white man. even if she does get her wish, ruby will still be subservient to christina. and it's very much this illusion of power that christina is giving her, when in reality, she's still near the bottom of the ladder. django and chain did a brilliant job of bringing this to life, and it's very much a master and slave setup. but the slave here believes that they are equal to the master. ruby holds a full deck of cards at one point, and this could symbolize that she believes she holds all the cards, a saying that is often used to state that someone has power. that simply isn't true, though. ruby is pretty much at christina's beck and call, and will even lie to herself that she has her best interests at heart. now it is difficult fully describing the situation using understandable analogies. so apology for any offense caused with the master and slave usage as it's not intended, but i do think that's what the show is trying to portray. now we learn more about dell, and that she del into a coma after lettie hit her in the head. this should be a massive red flag to ruby, but it's not. and she believes that christina isn't using her. she might not be, but i don't take it that way, probably because of the way i have the book's story looming over my head. so let me know what you think in the comments section below. back with h tick letty and montrose, we learned that the time machine is actually a multiverse machine, and that hippolyta was in earth 504 for 200 years. and this is imbued her with an almost endless knowledge of the possibilities that they could have. h is still obviously angry that they lied about george, but they pack up and head out. now what's interesting is that they arrive in kentucky at the observatory, but the one in episode 7 was set in mayfield. maybe atticus actually traveled to another dimension. and that's what we've been seeing since the end of episode seven, as there are slight differences here. and i do think it goes beyond just a stupid continuity error. i don't really know much about american geography though, or english for that matter, so let me know if i brog as well, which i probably am. now, they fixed the multiverse machine, and montrose and letty discuss parenthood and what it means to protect one's child. both have done things they shouldn't have in order to make sure their kid is okay. and it's nice seeing the two understand one another better in this moment. h uses her new abilities to set the coordinates to tulsa, 1921. and they travel back through an almost bioshock, infinite like tear. i don't know why they couldn't just have avengers end game the book and got the pages from another reality, but, but never mind. now, montrose doesn't want to head back, and we know that he still suffers from ptsd. over the day, even the smell of burning reminds him of the massacre. however, he returns and we see the full depths of exactly what happened to him. the show does a fantastic job of recreating the era, and hats off to hbo for making just such a phenomenal season. i loved how letty couldn't find any shoes in the past, and so she just wore her normal sneakers. and there are nice little easter eggs started throughout the entry here and there that really, you know, give attention to detail. we also see a sign for buster keaton's the ghost. and this is a 1921 silent film in which a man is wrongly accused of a crime and must go on the run from the police. this could be a comment on how the massacres themselves started. and they began when 19 year old dick roland was accused of assaulting a 17 year old white woman. this was revealed not to be the case, but prejudice at the time led to him being jailed. almost instantly, rumors spread that he was going to be lynched, and 75 black men arrived at the jail where he was held, in order to stop this from happening. the sheriff assured them that it wouldn't. and as they were leaving, a group of white men tried to disarm them, which led to shots being fired. 12 people were killed, and this angered the white people of the city, who then descended on the black population mercilessly. montrose suffers from the memory over this, and take pretty much discerns him completely. we see firsthand why the past of tulsa is so harrowing. and learned that montrose's father beat him publicly in the street for wearing george's prom jacket and for putting a flower in his hair. we have theorized that montrose's dad beat him and avoided george most of the time because he knew he was gay. and this is pretty much confirmed here. dora tick's mother came to his rescue, and it's likely that she married montrose in order to save him from persecution. letty and tick are so caught up in this that they don't actually catch montrose running off, which they assume is to warn george about the future. they hot wire a car, and leddy says that they should name their son, george, which, as we know from tick's journey to the future, is what they call him the sun sets on the town. and as we know from the series so far, sundown metaphorically means that black people are in danger. we see this firsthand when lighty is chased and shot at by some of the white mob. she's protected by the invulnerability spell put on her by christina, as well as tick's grandfather and dora's dad. as we know, these people are doomed to die. and let you wrestles with it throughout their encounter. after she speaks to dora's sister, who's filled with the regret that she will never get to make things right. across town, we see montrose isn't actually there to warn george, and he is, in fact, there to save the first man he ever fell in love with, who we learn is called thomas. on that night, montrose met him to tell him that he couldn't be with him. and the elder version of the character views this as a chance to save him. however, tick won't let him, as it will change so much of the future. and thus he just has to stand there and watch the event play out. the younger montrose calls in the f-word, denies himself in order to fit in. i actually recently listened to the michael rosenborn podcast, inside of you with lance bass, and he discussed how when he was at school, he'd make gay jokes in order to avoid persecution. and it very much feels that that's the same sort of thing happening here. montrose thinks that, as he's not tick's father, this won't change anything. but in the end, he's held back from doing what he really wanted to, similar to his younger self. it's such a tough watch. and this show, it deserves all the emmys this year. now, thomas is, of course, shot by the mob. and across town, they assemble outside the house and throw molotov cocktails in to burn everything down. as we know from the stories we've heard of tulsa, a man arrived to save the young kids, swinging a baseball bat like jackie robinson. and tick takes up this mantle after realizing that he was always the person that did this. this story was so ingrained into his head that he even dreamt about it in the first episode. and it's amazing to see it happen first hand. here, bringing everything full circle. he utters the famous words, i got you, kid. and in the background, we hear sonia sanchez's poem, catch the fire that he gains the pages. and we very much get the idea of generational sacrifice, with the family having to remain behind in order to burn up in the property so that the future doesn't change. letty leaving the house through the flames is very similar to hannah escaping the lodge. i love the repetition here. as she walks back to the future, the town descends into a war zone, and we remember just how harrowing this event really was. it doesn't shy away from anything, naming names and the deaths that were caused by it. and i'm glad that this moment in history is finally getting the light it deserves. now, every one of the trio makes it out, but h has difficulty holding the portal open. eventually, she powers through it though, much like how dora's mother did the fire. and we witness as her hair turns blue, making her completely become orinthia blue. it's a great little conclusion. and that ends the episode and also seals atticus's fate. now, as for next week, spoilers ahead. for the trailer. but from the looks of it, they are indeed heading back to autumn. atticus gets baptized at one point, likely to protect himself from christina's magic. but it doesn't seem like it's really gonna help. she still seems to go ahead with her plan. and it seems like ruby is gonna be the one who has to decide who she wants to be with. she can either sacrifice christina or her family. and i really think that she's the character that's gonna have to make the tough decision next week. there's also one last secret, and though i don't know what it is, i think there's no secret that i love this episode, and i can't believe that the show somehow gets better and better every week. it's very bittersweet that our next episode will be on the finale. but thanks for sticking with me through all this so far. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the entry, so make sure you comment below, and let me know. if you missed our breakdown of last week, then make sure you check it out after this. and don't forget, we're also giving away three copies of the marvel phase one box set. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of october, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get the contents early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on a discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you been the best i've been. paul, i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 