welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode five. it's an episode about dwight and sherry enjoying their forever honeymoon. after finally finding each other a few episodes ago, sherry walks off and wait, weird noises. where'd she go? oh, dwight's kidnapped by creepy dudes in masks. these guys are living in a drained community pool. and turns out cherie is with them. she's like, yo, dwight, i was about to tell you, didn't realize they were going to kidnap you. these are a bunch of new friends i made. in fact, they're mostly outcasts from virginia's settlement who, you know, are being hunted down. their main goal is to kill virginia, and they know where the swat truck's going to be. they want to blow it up, but they've got al here too. she's like, yo, that used to be my truck. first of all, please don't blow it up. and second of all, that swat truck is tough. this dynamite won't do anything. so instead of blowing it up, they're gonna steal it. yes, it's fast and furious, walking dead edition. for idiotic reasons, they're sending the swat truck on a refueling mission alone, with just the driver guarding it. and he is super enough to waste all his ammo when he clearly can't hit them. but besides that, it's a cool action scene. as dwight jumps onto it, gets in there, indiana joneses this guy right out. when they go to pick him up, turns out someone else already got him. it is new epic cowboy, morgan, this new group's like, yo, we got the swat truck now, let's bust in there and take virginia out. but morgan's like, yo, a lot of our people are still inside. if we fail, like virginia will kill them. he tells them about the hidden valley they got. he's like, yo, let's go hide out there. we'll rescue the rest of our people one by one, and then we'll take on virginia. but dwight and sherry have a talk. she's like, yo, waiting's not the answer. we gotta act now. and he's like, alright, baby, i'm with you. so the next day, they interrogate the truck driver to find out where virginia will be. they threaten him with their scary pet dog. and dwight's going full interrogation mode, just like he used to be a bad guy under negan. morgan busts in to put a stop to it. he's like, yo, dwight. i thought you weren't that person anymore. we're all on redemption arcs here, on fear. they really didn't need this guy's info anyway, because, of course, dwight and al are supposed to check in with virginia. so they check in with the superiors. gonna try to learn virginia into a trap. they're afraid alan morgan will try to stop them, so they lock them up for now. but then sherry's like, hey, lock up dwight too. she's like, yo, dwighty. thanks for the support, but i don't want you to have to massacre people again. like, i'll do it this time. so a bunch of rangers show up. unfortunately, virginia's not with them, but they can still take these guys out. but dwight breaks himself out, goes to stop sherry. like, hey, i don't want you to be a killer. so sherry lets them all go, but she's pretty mad at dwight. he's like, yo, why do you hate virginia so much anyway? but she's like, look, it's not about virginia. i don't even know her. it comes back to negan. yes. finally addressing the negan elephant in the room. remember, that was their whole backstory. and even though virginia is much less scary than negan was when he was bad, it's still the same kind of thing. she's built this authoritarian community where she rules everyone. and shari's like, i feel bad. i didn't even try to stop negan back then. i'm going to help these people now. take out virginia, dwight. this is something i need to do, and to be honest, i don't want you here to be stopping me. so go on, get out of here for now. so dwight now not going back to virginia's settlement, gonna join morgan in the valley. they execute dwight's exit plan from a few episodes back, where they find some walkers that kind of look like them, dress them in their clothes and mess up their faces a little so you can't really tell. they leave them on the main road where virginia's rangers will eventually find them, so they fake their deaths. then they grab all the survivors from the bubonic plague office building. like, hey, this is our friend morgan. he's got a secret hidden valley somewhere. let's go make a new life. dwight leaves a message for sherry like she was doing for him. forever, honeymoon this way. and that's how the episode comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 