welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond episode one. it's the newest walking dead spin-off show, set ten years after the apocalypse, starring a bunch of teenagers. if you're a longtime adult walking dead fan who's kind of curious to see how this ties into the larger walking dead universe, including the helicopters that took rick grimes away, but you don't really want to invest the time to watch it because it looks like kind of a dumb teenage show. i got you. our story begins at nebraska state university, which is a real successful survivor's colony. these kids even have classes and stuff. though it's not all happy, fun times outside the walls, the zombie apocalypse is still raging. today's a very big day though, as they're welcoming a representative from the civic republic. yes, that's the group with the helicopters that theoretically has rick grimes. they're still very much a mystery, though. you see their three circle logo theoretically represents the alliance of three big survivor's colonies, omaha, of which this university campus is an offshoot. one in portland, but the civic republic, they won't even tell anyone where they're based. now our main character is iris, student council president and a real go-getter. her sister, hope, is the rebel type who's brewed an impressive amount of homemade alcohol and does not trust this civic republic. you see, their dad's a big-time scientist who left a few months ago to go help the civic republic do science stuff. but because they're so secretive about everything, they won't even let him contact his daughters. in fact, he set up a beeper attached to this old printer to let them know he's okay. in fact, that night, he sends a mysterious message, my safety not assured. now, the representative is lieutenant colonel elizabeth kubrick, who's trying to be real friendly, call me elizabeth, to try to build some trust with the girls. she shares a secret. their father's working somewhere in new york state on a super secret science thing. now, today's a big holiday. it's monument day that marks 10 years since the start of the zombie apocalypse. iris calls it the day the sky fell because like a plane fell out of the sky on her iris feels bad because she let her sister's hand go, which led to their mom dying. but hope's drama is worse. she's never told her sister this, but their mom wasn't killed by zombies. she was killed by another woman who shot her. and out of fear and rage, hope shot that woman. so, yeah, she's already been through the ringer. anyway, the girls got a follow-up message from their dad. things have gone bad here. he tells them to stay put, but, you know, they're going on an adventure to rescue him. but they're not going alone. they recruit their fellowship. it's this nerdy, smart kid named elton and this big, nice, socially awkward guy, silas. they've never really been outside the walls of the campus colony before, so they're off on an adventure to the world beyond. they find something interesting on their very first night. it's elton's old triceratops horn from when he was a kid. what? yes, his mom died the night of the zombie apocalypse. and turns out she was the woman that killed their mom, and then hope killed gonna be drama there later. but for now, he ties the horn to a stick and makes a good old-fashioned zombie killing weapon. by the way, there are two adults on the show, felix and huck, from campus security, who are on their own mission now to bring the kids back. but back at the campus colony, the civic republic has massacred everyone. guess they really are the bad guys. they tell elizabeth they can't find the kids, and she says, good so what's her deal? what's going on? find out next time on the walking dead, world beyond. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, hit the join button to support the channel as a member. 