welcome to slash forward. before we begin, i want to do a pre-video reminder that my website is now engorged with merch so check it out. in this episode, we're gonna keep the horror elements subtle. again, with cutthroat's nine rather than spiritual vibes. this spaghetti western just hits us with that hardcore, unnecessary violence if you understand the pain of having to duct tape your intestines back in. welcome to the channel. let's get to it. we open on a vast, wintry landscape with a credit scene that pinpoints for us the exact moment quentin tarantino would have [ __ ] his pants. there it is. we get an internal monologue from sergeant brown. he's leaving the golden sand mine and venturing 400 miles to fort green on a prison coach loaded with the most villainous scumbags ever to walk the earth, and also, appropriately, his young daughter. unfortunately, they still have 399 miles to go when old buddy strolls out to the trail for a parlay in which he offers an exchange of all their mined gold as payment to prevent his hidden posse from killing them all. disappointed to find nothing but these salty bastards, they start gut-butting everyone in sight, sending the soldiers back for gold and sending the carriage down the road a piece without a coachman. the sergeant and kathy bail out. after they all regained their composure, the men falsely assumed that, due to the low chance of survival, they'll all just be going their own way. sergeant brown is a man of integrity, and he has an order to fulfill, and he intends to do so. under threat of machete. he drives them on a forced march in which the men wish their injured compatriot would be so kind as to go ahead and just die to free them of his burden. but he hangs in there, requiring them to get clever, turning him into actual dead weight. this backfires though, when no one fesses up to the murder, despite being asked politely, and brown declines to release the corpse from their chain. as the provisions run out, the men begin to get restless and horny. when a rough trail requires brown to tend to the mayor, it provides an opportunity for dean to tend to cathy, this horrifies brown, so to instill a greater sense of danger in his naive daughter, he reveals later that one of these men killed her mother and are not to be trusted. when they wake later, he sees these enterprising men of science use their idle time to solve their problem in a novel way, and they're easily freed. following this theme, in a future span of idle time, they go tapping on the chains in the hope they may get a lucky strike, and soon realize that their shackles are made of the mind gold disguised as iron. recognizing they now hold some weight in this relationship, they attempt to renegotiate the terms, but brown doesn't hesitate to make an example of one of them. so they soon realize unless they want a grody looking eyeball, they better fall in line. unfortunately, kathy's strength wanes and she drags her father down with her. the fellows find an old storehouse in the woods, and brown gives out about 10 feet from the finish line. he wakes up later to them slapping the crap out of him. then the men fight for first rights to kathy. weasel comes out on top, and the men delight in their wickedness. in the morning, they taunt the sergeant about how he'll never know which of them killed his wife. and then they forget to untie him before burning the place down. as they continue along, dean becomes swollen with murderous rage and squeezes the life out of weasel without missing a step. joe doesn't take kindly to this betrayal and vows to take revenge at the first chance. when they come to a clearing and find a deer, dandy, tom is unable to get anywhere close to hitting it, so when given another opportunity, he has to turn the pistol over to dean, who finds his target. despite the influx of nourishment. kathy continues to swoon. they want to cut her loose, but dean's in control now, and he says she comes along. they meet up with the train tracks and lay across them, hoping the next train coming down the line will free them of their bonds, but leave their feet intact. and before long, they're laughing and swinging chains about their heads, just like when they were kids. at next camp, we learned dean was arrested for a robbery he didn't commit so he can be trusted. and they decide to go to the farmhouse outside fort greene to get supplies and release the shackles. however, this is too close to danger for rey, so he grabs all the provisions and goes off on his own. but in his weakened state, he doesn't make it far before he's taken to flailing about in the snow. while the others take the redhorn pass through the mountains, he ends up at the charred remains of the storehouse and begins hallucinating hard the ghost of sergeant brown drives him to a nearby road, where he's discovered by buddy and his gang, still searching for gold. after threatening him with his letter opener, they decide to bring him along to the farmhouse, but they make the mistake of sleeping on old ray, a wily old sucker who takes the first chance to escape. in the ensuing shootout, he dispatches the entire crew, but doesn't make it out unscathed. so he takes one last look at his chains and dies. the others arrive at the farmhouse at nightfall, finding themselves in a hateful aid scenario when they start ordering supplies caldwell gets nervous about payment, so they show off their anklets and start bossing people around. the soldiers have designs on them coming to fort greene to answer some questions about how they came across those bitching chains. but they turned the tables, compelling the men to drink themselves into a stupor before tying them up in the barn. the new plan is to wait for the supply coach from fort greene that comes every morning so they can acquire a means of escape to fill the boredom. joe decides to collect on an old dead from caldwell, leaving the man holding his guts in his hands and just barely getting the hay hook through his ultra thick cable knit sweater. and then dandy tom finds kathy freeing the soldiers, and is indelicate in how he handles her, causing his final triumvirate of rivalries to play out. as dean is knifed, he flashes back to when he drew the short straw, resulting in him being responsible for gutting mob brown examining her recently digested lunch because he's curious. in the morning, as the final two await the coach. kathy casually lights a dynamite surprise behind them and brings this long journey to a definitive conclusion. reminder that i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch donations earn an uncensored review of toby hooper's life force. and the merchandise is a combination of logo apparel, along with general horror themed items. a huge thank you to my donators, who will be memorialized in the hall of head shots. cutthroat's 9 is more horror adjacent than anything, but i think it earns a place through an excessive and unnecessary display of gore effects. if nothing else, at least it's interesting to watch a film that so clearly and directly influenced quentin tarantino. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 