[Music]. patient zero is an action horror film set against the outbreak of a deadly virus that threatens to wipe out the human race. we follow a group of survivors as they desperately try to find a cure for the disease, and watch as they are slowly torn apart by the new highly intelligent and ravenous creatures. throughout this video, I will be discussing the plot of patient zero, as well as the film's ending. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this video for now if you want to go into the film with fresh eyes, without the way I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. the virus, rabies has mutated and is even deadlier than before. highly contagious are now able to turn the infected rabid within 90 seconds. it seems that there is very little hope for humanity. we follow Morgan, played by Matt Smith, his wife Janet, and a doctor named Gina Rose, as they struggle to find the cure for the virus before becomes too late. Morgan seems to be immune to the disease, as he survived an attack which should have left him rabid. instead, now he possesses the ability to communicate with the infected and holds the key to curing it. with Morgan's communication ability, the survivors interrogate an infected man and known as patient zero. he is classified as this because he can speak and is unaffected by the music that has driven either infected into a rage. he tells Morgan that the infected or revolt humans, a more advanced species that will wipe the lesser one out. and reveals that he came to the underground base on purpose. and we discover that he is using a frequency detector so that the other infected can track him. they begin to storm the base, and a battle ensues between the survivors and the infected, in which several characters die. earlier in the film, we learned that dr. Rose had I'm pregnant, after having sex with Morgan, and this becomes the main thrust of the ending. aware that Morgan holds the Cure in his blood, patient zero organized the attack as a way to kill him because he is a threat to the survival of the infected. this makes Morgan patient zero for the infected. Morgan manages to kill patient zero. however, during the fight between the two, he calls out four other infected that are in the area, and they rushed to his aid. as they attempt to escape, Morgan's wife senses that dr. Rose is pregnant and sacrifices herself in order to save the baby. Morgan and dr. Rose managed to flee the base and escaped into the night, with Morgan making the silent promise that he will do whatever he can to protect the baby and make sure that the human race survives. it's highlighted throughout that Morgan's blood is the cure for disease, and therefore the baby will inherit his immunity. some may see this as setting up for a sequel, but I don't believe that this film needs one. whilst we don't get a definitive answer for their fate, I personally took the ending as confirmation that the humans will eventually end the disease. due to dr. Rosa's closeness to the child, she will be able to properly study it as it grows and manufacture a cure. this will either wipe out the plague or restore the infected back to sanity. so what did you think of patient zero? do you think that humanity will survive? and what was your favorite part of the film? do not say when the credits rolled, because I know this, films getting really bad reviews. anyway, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film, make sure you check out my ending explained video for the predator, linked at the end of this one. and thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 