i want to sleep in a house, in a bed like a real human you need to wake up and realize. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain the battery. this movie tells the story of two former baseball players who find their relationship strained as they struggle to survive each day. will they survive the zombie apocalypse? let's find out in the battery. the battery is set in the state of the world after a massive zombie invasion, and the small population of humankind on earth. the scene begins with mickey sitting on the front porch of a house, listening to music through headphones. mickey was waiting for his friend ben, who was in the house. not long after, ben came out running and shouted at him to get out of the house. mickey is a man who tries to live his life as normal as possible, as if there had never been a zombie attack in this world. mickey listens to music every day until the battery of his music player runs out. he didn't want to learn how to survive or deal with the zombies. he's very lazy and also a coward. he didn't even have the balls to her to fly. ben had always done the important tasks, like killing off zombies and making sure mickey had stayed alive. during this time, ben is a high fighting spirit. he is adapted to the harsh life against zombie attacks and is used to living a nomadic life. ben and mickey survive a zombie apocalypse by moving around, avoiding swarms of zombies and looting abandoned houses. they collect items that can still be used, such as food and medicine. one day, ben and mickey arrived at a meadow where a car was parked. after ben killed the zombies in the car, he then turned the ignition key, and it turned out that the car's engine was still alive and functioning properly. ben and mickey immediately got into the car and drove without a definite destination. after arriving at a house, they returned to their usual routine. while ben is busy calming in the garage, looking for used hoses and conductors for refueling the car, mickey invades a woman's room. he opened the drawer and took out a piece of underwear. he then kisses it and put the underwear in his pants pocket. after getting all the necessary items, he immediately left the house. long story short, ben and mickey are now resting in a field. mickey intends to try out a walkie-talkie device. he finds ben crept behind him. as he put the headphones on his head, he pretends to be a zombie and surprises his best friend. mickey is annoyed and then scolds ben. but ben says the headphones can kill mickey because he won't hear zombies coming from behind. ben and mickey are testing the reach of the walkie talkie when they overhear a conversation between two survivors named annie and frank. their conversation implied that there was a group of survivors called the orchard. mickey excitedly calls them again and asked to join. but he was rebuffed by frank, who told the man not to contact them again and hung up. mickey was still trying to reach the orchard line the next day, but to no avail. the scene switches when mickey is sleeping in the car and ben cleans himself under the pouring waterfall. then a female zombie walked up into mickey's car. the zombie pressed her plump body against the windshield slipped one arm through the slightly open car window, trying to reach the sleeping mickey. mickey woke up and distanced himself. he was going to call ben, but his friend had gone quite a distance because he had left a note on the car's dashboard. mickey gaped at the top of the zombie's plump breasts, clearly visible on the windshield of his car. the perverted man even took advantage of the precarious situation to satisfy his long simmered desire. he then lowered his pants and tried to reach the peak of pleasure using his hands, while looking at the zombie with lust. however, mickey's pleasure did not last that long. ben rushes over and blows off the zombie's head right in front of him. ben, who just realized what mickey was doing with the zombie, then burst out laughing and left his best friend again so he could continue his fun. after that, ben and mickey continued their journey. they found a car that stopped in the middle of the road. ben quickly pulled out his gear to retrieve the remaining fuel in the car, while mickey checked the hood and noticed that the hood was hot, indicating that the car had been running recently. when ben is careless, suddenly, a man holds mickey hostage with a knife and tells him to give up the car keys in exchange for mickey's life. but ben was smart enough to say that the keys were still in the car. the man then released mickey and got into the car. after realizing that bennet tricked him, he rushed to run away, but ben shot him dead. shortly after, another car came along and stopped there. ben pointed a gun at the car. a woman got out of the car. after reassuring ben that she had kept her gun, the woman asked where the owner of the black car was in the middle of the road. then a man got out of the car, took the equipment like ben's and checked the fuel tank. ben said that the car ran out of fuel, and he killed the owner of the car. both were ready to leave, but then mickey approached the woman, recognizing her voice, mickey said a name annie. and the woman got out of the car. the woman turned out to be annie. and he panics because mickey recognizes her, and shoots ben in the leg. annie and her partner are pointing guns at ben, and mickey and he threatens to kill them if ben doesn't hand over the car keys. ben, who fell in pain, was finally forced to give up his car keys. annie then threw the car keys into the wide meadow. she told ben and mickey not to follow her or call her again. she drove off immediately. mickey then looks for the lost car keys in the grass, while ben waits in the car and banishes the wound. after hours, mickey still couldn't find the key and stopped the search because it was night. night came and it was pitch dark. ben and mickey rushed into the car as the zombies approached. but until the next day, the hordes of zombies continued to surround the car, and there was no sign of them leaving there. ben and mickey couldn't help but have to stay in the car if they were to survive. a few days later, a swarm of zombies still surrounds them. bored, ben opens the sunroof and shoots some zombies, while mickey sticks to his headphones and plays music. food and clean water supplies are running low. they're frustrated because they're trapped in a car with many zombies surrounding them. they have a big fight. ben brings up the missing car keys in the shooting he experienced. mickey thinks that ben blames himself for all their misfortunes because he recognizes annie. if mickey hadn't offended annie, their situation might have been different. days passed and they were still cooped up there. mickey, who was starting to get annoyed with the disgusting face and growl by the zombie sound, then took the initiative to cover the car window with a blanket and turn up the music player's volume. they're getting more and more tormented by being trapped in the car. ben started raving by saying that they would start drinking their urine in the next few days. but then the two best friends decided to have fun by smoking and playing games. the next day, when ben and mickey have lost their will to live, the voices of the zombies are no longer heard and the zombies are finally gone, they then decide that mickey should go out looking for the car keys that they can get out of there as soon as possible. mickey came out through the sunroof and did a quest that took a long time. ben waited in the car anxiously, he hoped mickey would find his car key so they could get out of there, but he was worried about his best friend. he never took up a gun. after a long wait, mickey finally came back. he sat in the front seat with his back to ben. when ben approached him and asked for the key, mickey started crying hysterically. he said he couldn't find the key and showed his hand that had been bitten by a zombie. ben then distanced himself from mickey. he cries, begging ben to let him live. but ben is forced to kill his best friend before mickey turns into a zombie and bites him. then grabbed the gun that was nearby and shot mickey in the head. ben, devastated by the death of his best friend, suddenly hears a voice from the walkie-talkie, just as mickey had overheard frank and annie's conversation. he then decided to get out of the car. he packed up his rudimentary supplies and equipment and left the car with mickey's duffel bag and headphones behind. the man a swarm of zombies began to approach. ben looks back, and the film ends. [Music], so [Music] 