welcome to slash forward. for this episode, we're gonna review a movie that ended up being a bit on the nose given our current situation. it's the 2014 pandemic virus zombie comedy horror film, cooties. let's get to it. we open down some chickens getting riled up by an odd man. we learned they're very perceptive, and we're right to be concerned. we then learn about the majesty of chicken nugget production, and it's not great. however, I would still eat them. the next morning, we find Clint waking up bright and early to spend a little time on his novel, which sucks, frankly. I couldn't figure out the plot. it was kind of insulting. there was no specificity in the writing in terms of time and place. okay. he workshops some bad ideas on his way into his new job as a substitute teacher. he's welcomed in and learns the vice-principal is very enthusiastic about learning and has an egalitarian pedagogy, requiring his teachers to turn in their cell phones since the kids can't have them. he makes it to the teachers lounge, finding the adults as garbage as the children. but amidst the piles of hot, fleshy trash, a familiar, friendly face, Clint's 'el classmate, Lucy. she introduces him to her boyfriend, Wade, a rugged, no-nonsense fellow. and they enjoy an awkward conversation until the class bell goes off. he immediately fails to endear himself to his class, and the kids dose up in preparation. his casual demeanor also provides an opening for patriot to verbally dominate him. eventually, the learning portion of the day does get under way, but not for long, before some of the more entitled students start getting bitey. in the aftermath, we learned that Patriots assailant was left in gen-pop, which results in a fairly quick outbreak to the rest of the children's orders quickly lost. as the VP Institute's a strict rule against consuming teachers, but he finds his authority disrespected. it's only shortly after this that the teachers take notice, and Wade finally turns around. he views this as a prime opportunity to relive glory days past, grouping up with the others, where they find that their communications were eviscerated from the principal's office. shortly thereafter, Patriot confronts him in the lounge and does some snips snapping about. they're eventually able to confined him after sacrificing only one of their rank. they hunker down in an upstairs classroom where things calm momentarily, providing them an opportunity to begin planning an escape. but with no good prospects, they opted to wait for the parents to come and pick they're little filthy monsters. Clint's, having been scratched in the initial scuffle, then comes down with a wicked case of bubble gut. it is sequestered from the group. Doug instills confidence in them by noting that the symptoms seem to be presenting differently and that the virus doesn't appear to affect adults and children in the same way. they take a breather while the children play. and then the first parent eventually arrives. unfortunately, she's too distracted to notice the warnings or to even turn around while her child is murdering their sibling. they get plus one survivor, but she shows the others the way, forcing them back into hiding. they manage to accomplish this with only one child slaughtered in brutal fashion. Doug is curious about the youngsters black blood, and elects to dissect him, which is difficult without his normal tools. anybody makes it work. the radio confirms that news of the incident has spread and that the infected have breached the outside world. Lucy and Wade also capitalize on this Lowell to have some relational strife, during which Rainn Wilson 4 goes all of his characters vocal affectations. we then transitioned back to Doug, who uses his examination and information from their survivor to determine that the virus causes the hosts internals to go necrotic while they still move around, and that it's only dangerous to you if you haven't gone through puberty yet. well, internally dangerous. they run across a janitor, hatachi, who has a sweet bachelor pad set up in the basement, allowing them some more time for figurin. the new plan is to use the ducts to get Wade's keys and get to the truck. Clinton goes for it and loosely follows. they're nearly discovered, but the zombie child accepts the standard steering contest rules, declining to eat her opponents after a double elimination knocks her out of the tournament. they make it to the office and split up. Lucy deciding to look for a phone, she finds they've been destroyed, however, and they're forced to retreat quickly as they're pursued into the ducts. they detour to protect the others while they cram crap into the vent to seal it off. now we have another lull in which Clint admits to taking the teaching job knowing Lucy worked there. it comes across as a bit creepy, but she proves to be unperturbed by this. however, they get their wits about them and withdraw. when Wade raises them on the radio to apologize and to clear his love for Lucy, Clint boughs out respectfully and apologizes for getting in their way. then an idea, they search the kids backpacks and toss out some pills, which the kids instinctively grab for. while they wait for this to take effect, the others scavenge Hitachi's hideout and suit up. when the interior group has od'd, they meet up and head for the main door. unfortunately, they find the courtyard infested. katashi hangs back to eliminate a group trying to take them from the rear, while the others make their way into the crowd. they proceed tepidly at first, but soon find their strength and a degree of satisfaction, letting go of the normal social rules around harming children. Wade again, drunk with a reignited remembrance of his past glories, decides to hold them off on his own to better facilitate the group's escape. they hightail it out of Fort chicken, eventually arriving at nearby Danville, and find it to have suffered a similar fate. when they stare through the window of a small towns Circuit City, we learned the pandemic is at least nation wide. and there soon chased off, eventually finding an open door and emerging in a sort of play scape of horrors. but they're discovered by Hitachi and weighed somehow. and he proceeds to douse the children with a strange type of water that ignites when compelled by flame. the group then heads off to find a location free of children. and that was cooties, a horror comedy that seems like it flew pretty well under the radar, and could also potentially act as a conclusion to Elijah woods character arc, which started in the faculty. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 