before love again. let me start by saying, be like me. don't drink because you tell yourself you just have one, and then before you know it, you're an undead pirate locked in battle with your arch nemesis, fighting over the booty, while the pump all waiting outside to arrest y'all booty. actually, that sounds like a lot of fun. this class of our movie today. ah, have you ever played someone not crazy Legolas and Padme his body? devil. look at this shindig started. a story begins with some both little British girl named Elizabeth Swann singing about pirates because she started spending her days riding on foggy ships with a bunch of old English guys whose idea of partying is putting two extra sugar cubes in Nate tea Fleck. this guy Norrington thinking everybody that knows how to have a little fun ought to be hanged. that's why he's gonna wait until Elizabeth is legal before he starts creeping. and that's why she's gonna kick his to the curb. because don't nobody want to be with a man whose idea of living on the edge is fiddling with his croquet balls. can we get some excitement? full locust, are you ragged elephant? Oh, locust [ __ ] burnin to a crisp behind us, our ranking elephant. and Elizabeth assumes that just because this boy will turn I've got a gold chain, that he must be a pirate, His Royal mausoleum, pirate. okay, granted, for this sounds just like Bobby Brown, but, you know, I forget I said anything first. forward a few years, a lot less prickles and a whole lot more cleavage later, to the day of Norrington's promotion ceremony. and Big Daddy wants his little girl to look nice for the old creeper, so she got to squeeze her listen to a corset, and she don't think she's gonna be able to breathe in that damn thing. but Big Daddy says, Oh, fiddle-dee-dee. and who else would make the sword for Norrington's promotion and bring it to the governor's house, but also get bottom boy himself? and Elizabeth is like, well, I had a dream about you last night. and he's like, was uh, naked? and she's like, no, but you were really Paul, and that is like, oh, that reminds me. we got some more rich people to get to later. peasant, finally, the entertainment is here. and took Captain Jack Sparrow, who doesn't let the fact that he's sailing on the vessel equivalent of a Pinto keep him from having a good time. you just head on over and commandeer new ride from the dealers shield dealership. so while checks being talked to death by Laurel &amp; Hardy, the promotion ceremony goes off without a hitch. but hitched is exactly what Norrington wants to be. so he asks Elizabeth to marry him. and frankly, she'd rather die. and because the Kings Navy don't want to go in after her without the arm floaties, guess who's gonna be the one to do the right thing? the criminal. and this is what a bunch of dumb rules can do to a man. almost get killed for saving a woman. they get, thanks for saving the woman. didn't have to take the same woman you saved asses. so you don't get killed for being a criminal and saved a woman, didn't do a bunch of Cirque du Soleil Sh to get away while the Royal Navy uses y'all actors as a target practice. and who else would Jack run into after he breaks free from his handcuffs but old soggy bottom boy himself? and he's like, hello. my name is captain just Sparrow. I knew your father. prepare to die. so they have a long, ruling fight, full of wit and masterful swordsmanship that ends in Jack getting knocked out by a liquor bottle. but party animals are like cockroaches. if you find one, there's about a hundred more just waiting to come out. but they're really after the medallion that Elizabeth stole from will all those years ago. and this scary mother cook, Captain Barbossa, takes Elizabeth with them because she says, our last name is Turner. why does every party in like this? the whole damn town on fire? someone's taking you, woman, and you wake up in the middle of the street the next day next some farm animal, not knowing what happened last night. so will finds out - jack knows some [ __ ] about the Black Pearl that attacked the port, and he goes to find him and offers to free him if he'll help him track it down. and Jack's like, you offered to let me out of this cell after he was about to cut my damn head off yesterday. there must be titties involved. and then will tells Jack that his last name is Turner choo chain. and Jack and we'll start turtle frontin, and they mosey on over and commandeer ship with one flintlock pistol, because this British Navy full of boxes, but segments. we wanted this one later. toots, Oh, Shh. this is so and then will says, all my pops, man, he died when I was a wee lad, and I sure wish I could have known him. and Jack is like, well, your papa was a rollin stone. wherever he laid his hat was his home. and when he died, well, he ain't dead. he's doubly Undead on the Flying Dutchman. and we'll pulls out his sword, like, my daddy died trying to come back from the stove. don't make me get give me to come off your home to Tortuga. just look at Tortuga. people faced everywhere you look. titties hanging out all over the place. ain't nobody got teeth in the ones. they do have a brown bunch of fellas looking the horse. they Jolly Rogers on, some ladies, brothers. and I think I see a [ __ ] stamp off in the distance. kinda looks like my neighbourhood. and then a bunch of women walk up and just slap jack for yo-ho-ho. and definitely my neighbourhood. well, well, well, looks like we'll ain't the only one who got lucky last night into mr. baby back Gibbs over a drink that would turn your blood 100 proof. Jack tells mr. Gibbs, this Turner boy won't even notice me trading this sappy stuff for my ship, because he'll be too distracted by miss prissom panel. let's meanwhile on the boat of Barbossa Elizabeth discovers you ought not be taking gold off little boys, you like, because being abducted by pirates seems like all fun and games, until you find out you're the only one on the damn ship with lips. and Jack gathers up some party animals. I'm just saying, that parrot right there look like he know how to get down. and they help him. crew the Interceptor to the cursed booty and go to so they make the blood sacrifice to reverse the curse, but it ain't work. and they argue about it, blah, blah, blah. well, I will plays like a jack and rescues the damsel, and she thanks him by giving him the gold. you know, is gonna make another booty joke, ninja. he thought she was gonna give him the booty too. and as you can see by his face, he is not amused. and will says, why'd you take it? and Elizabeth's like, well, you ain't know, she had two dead. ain't in the habit of giving his daughter to a poverty-stricken pirate Punk whose only claim to fame is that his daddy faxed him some curse playing. so Bob Olsen, but his throw Jack in the clink, while the Black Pearl catches the Interceptor. and we'll sacrifices himself for his lady and dies a virgin tail. is all this time really damned? okay, not yet. but by now, surely y'all have seen all these movies. and know, this poor fellow must have felt like he wasn't never getting laid. I don't know why, we'll saving himself for Elizabeth I mean, Jack was like, he it up. and he's kind of pretty, but I guess will would prefer somebody he can kiss without it tasting like he's licking an ashtray. so Bob also keeps will as his little boy toy and locks them in a cage. and it scoots Jack and Elizabeth to their own little island affair, where they get drunk and Elizabeth starts a fire with the rum damn party pooping dude. apparently, Elizabeth would rather sacrifice a snobby to the stuffy, old thought Commodore of the Royal Navy and my Grandmama's wig to save a sweetheart, then to spend time swing your back shots from Sparrow. so Elizabeth promises to marry Norrington if he will go save will. and they sailed to Isla de Muerta, where Jack busts up in there just in time to stop the slaughter, sneak some curse bling and send by BOCES buddies into an awaiting ambush. hard. but these are several bits know how to Rick on the down low. so they go down low and climb up along the anchor ropes over the hull upon the poop deck. scaling the sails, maneuvering up the masts and into the captain's cabin. and then, but Elizabeth wants to save her man's so she escapes somehow. and potty time. but while they're all bringing down the ship, Jack is bringing down by Bowser. and while Jake is bringing down Barbosa, Big Daddy gets that bigwig snatched. and Jack turns lipless and shows off his bling. think of him like the pirate version of Elon Musk. and like Elon Musk, Jack Sparrow ain't never going to [ __ ] away. he stays and fights and says stupid even when he makes a fool out of himself, even when he's at risk of losing everything he's worked for. I'm not even sure which one of these two I'm talking about now, but it's just the right moment. Jake flings the bling to will inject, shoots Barbosa, and will replace his father's blood to the heathen gods. and Bob also goes up to the great pirate ship in the sky. and all these stinky scallywag suddenly starts shaking, because now they know that they too are immortal, yeah, bully. and they don't have fun when you can die. Lynn check goes back to Port Royal where the whole adventure began, to pay his debt to society for being a deranged, womanizing alcoholic, or, as I like to call it, Johnny Depp. but will once again risks dying a virgin to save someone he loves. while Elizabeth is overcome by the vapors, and Butch and Sundance fight the law and they win it. will gets his booty and Jack gets his ship. hey, you know what Johnny debates most after a body trying to find his underwear in the big pile? no, that's a joke. he probably don't even wear on the world. Oh, die. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of myth. you can expect me to upload videos whenever I feel like having a good time for movies. explain. fall. I'm Jeb. Oh, dad. so this move was all a mockery or sham. no crimes were committed at all. what a lot of fun. later. toots, 