[Applause], this is the moment you've waited for. I'll start this review by saying that I absolutely hate musicals, bar eight-mile, which is sort of a musical, I suppose. I find them corny, row and seriously lacking in character development. naturally, when my girlfriend informed me that she wanted to go see the greatest showman, I dragged my heels. but weeks and weeks that, came up with all manner of excuses as to why I couldn't go see the film. whether it was it's mixed reviews, January release or price, I put forward a reason as to why we couldn't go. eventually I gave in because I felt guilty that had forced her to see over 12 superhero films in the last year, women's rights in all that. and Hugh Jackman has, in my eyes, never really put in a less than stellar performance. as the film star had, in chance broke out, I thought, oh, he will go again. however, within the first 10 minutes, the movie completely swept me off my feet. sure, there was the usual over-the-top dancing and singing through the dialogue that I did tested in the genre, but beneath the surface there was something childlike, a promise of a better tomorrow for all, no matter color or creed. throughout the movie, I became enamored with its songs, being brought to almost the brink of tears by the absolutely outstanding never enough at the film's midsection, handling a wealth of subjects such as race, the class divided and deformity. the movie has a lot on its plate. to its credit, though, it never feels out of its depth, and every theme is handled with a wealth of sincerity. as always, Hugh Jackman put his all into the film, and it's not hard to be taken by his charisma and talent. the man simply loves what he's doing, and he's very, very good at it. he's aided by phenomenal supporting casts. in every character has their arc that strengthens them throughout I've seen many criticisms that the portrayal of PT Barnum is a little whitewashed, missing most of his manner at Disney face him and paint him as a lovable rogue. while some dislike this, I actually think that it ties in beautifully with the movie's overarching motif. the circus may have had its dark aside. but when the lights were on, that was all put to the side in favor of selling us a dream. that is what the greatest showman does. it presents an ideal and shiz away from the dark history that envelops Barnum. it's the perfect summation of its majestic appeal and AIDS the movie metaphorically in several ways. if like me, you dislike musicals, and try and put your prejudices to one side and enjoy this film, for it is pure escapism. much like the real Barnum, you will leave your troubles at the door and forget about life for a while. magic from start to finish. I give the greatest showman a nine out of ten. so what did you think of the film? I know this is sort of a bit different from the John Rowe that I normally cover, but it'd be great to hear your feedback on whether this movie won you round two. do you like musicals now? are you going to see chitty-chitty-bang-bang at the theater down the road? comment below. let me know and subscribe and like this video, please, please. thanks very much for checking this out. and you can see more of my movie game comic and TV reviews at definition code at UK. Cheers. 