[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition. and if the ending of Hobson show laughter you scratching your head, then fear not, because we might finally have some answers on one of the film's biggest mysteries. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down who I believe the mysterious voice behind a Theon is, as well as giving all the evidence to support this. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the film yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into who the voice behind etienne is. okay. so throughout Hobson, sure we learn of a mysterious organization named Etienne that are pretty much a huge thorn in the side for our heroes. Etienne are the group behind brixton law, the black Superman played by Idris Elba. and it's clear that this large, shadowy conglomerate have control over a vast network of spies and assassins. Etienne have a mysterious leader that pulls all of the strings in the film. and at the end, after killing Brixton, he announces that Hobbs and sure are now on his radar. and this teases the two sides going head-to-head down the line. but who exactly could this be? well, inspired by Hobson Shaw, I decided to do a little digging, and after looking up who voices the character on IMDB, I noticed the name champ nightingale. now if you've never heard of him, don't worry, because I hadn't either. and this is definitely no a Leicester, or is it? well, a quick google search of the name brings up a review that was written on Amazon for a brand of gin, left by none other than champ nightingale. this may seem like a weird thing to bring up in a video like this, however, the gin company is actually owned by none other than Ryan Reynolds, who admitted to leaving the review and trolling his own brand. so we have confirmation that in the past, Ryan Reynolds has used the name champ nightingale. Reynolds, of course, features massively in the and after we watching it with this knowledge in mind, I can definitely hear aspects of his voice in the distorted transmissions that we hear, one thing we learn about the voice is that he knows who Hobbs is, and he asks if he remembers him, which is very similar to how agent Locke, played by Reynolds, introduces himself in the first half hour of the film. in addition to this, in the movies post credit scene, we learned that Locke is a stone-cold killer. and whilst he's very jokey in his entire demeanor, he's more than capable of killing countless people. Locke also seems to want nothing more than to recruit Hobbes again. and this lines up with the voices desire to meet up with the character down the line, which is how he taunts him in the film's final few scenes. to me, this is all way too much of a coincidence, and a definitely thing that everything lines up just enough to make it so that Reynolds could easily be playing the big bad in a future film. after all, you don't really cast an actor have a statue for a side character. I can definitely see him going head to head with Hobbes and Shaw in the future. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on this theory. and if you agree with me or not, make sure you leave them in the comment section below. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the film, which you'll be linked at the end. in it, I'll go over all of the aspects of the movie. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. I also just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Hobson's sure in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then. whoever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hits. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 