hello. film seekers on this film explained. we are looking at source code. it's an american science fiction, action thriller film directed by duncan jones, released in 2011, where a u.s army captain is sent into a computed reality to find a bomber who planted a bomb in a train. we see a man sleeping, wakes up and finds himself in a train. he is confused. a woman in front of him tells she took his advice. he starts to look at everyone around him. a conductor asks for ticket. he is confused, and she takes it from his pocket and shows him and tells he is acting strange. he tells her that he is not sean. i don't know who you are. my name is captain colter stevens. i fly helicopters for the us. army in afghanistan. she laughs, not believing him, telling he feels sick. he gets out. as the train stop, he sees a teenager pick up a wallet and return it to a man who dropped it. he asks the boy which place it is. he tells there in chicago. he gets back in. as the train leaves, through the pillars of a bridge, he sees his reflection and is shocked. he goes to the bathroom and finds a reflection of different man in the mirror and gets worried. he opens his wallet and sees it belongs to a man named sean. he gets out, and the same woman asks if everything is all right and calls him sean. he tells her he don't know who shawn is, and nor does he know her, and this wallet doesn't belong to him. she tells him, we will get out in the next stop and figure out whatever's going on here. oncoming train passes by, and an explosion kills everyone. he wakes up strapped to a pilot seat. hears a woman's voice. she wants him to recall her name, but he struggles remembering so she recites a series of passages and shows him a pattern of cards. eventually he recalls her name is goodwin. then he sees some man type something on the keyboard and leave. he then asks her to let him talk to his father, but she is interested to know who bombed the train. he doesn't know. she tells him to try again, first, find the bomb, then the bomber, and he will have eight minutes, same as before. he goes back and sees everything repeating exactly like before. he starts to doubt everyone, but finding the bomber among them was next to impossible. so he remembers that last time the explosion came from behind him, where there was a bathroom. he begins searching there. he opens the air vents and finds the bomb there. not knowing what to do, he tries to ask goodwin what he should do, but doesn't get any reply. not wanting to let the bomb explode prematurely, he comes out and pretends to be from transit security and tells everyone to turn off all the personal electronics. but no one believes him. by then the explosion happens once again. he tells her that he found the bomb, but also demands to know what is happening here. so she calls her senior and receives permission to tell him something. so she tells him that today morning, a bomb exploded on a commuter train outside of chicago, killing everyone on board. a man named sean was on that train, and he is living the last eight minutes of sean's memory, the train explosion was the first attack of a series. there are going to be more. then he tells her he found the bomb in the restroom ventilation panel above the sink. she sends him back, telling to focus only on the mission, everything else is irrelevant. this time he asks the conductor if anybody looks suspicious. he replies, you look suspicious and leaves. then tells her to play a game to find out who looks the most suspicious. she finds everyone to be normal. he sees a man that looks unwell coming out of the bathroom where the bomb is. she tells that she saw him coming out of there too. so he doubts himself and starts to find something that can prove it, and finds out her name is christina. as that guy gets out, he asks her to get out here. she resists, so he kisses her and tells her of having a bad feeling about this train, and convinces her to get off with him. he asks her to sit down. then follows the man and sits beside him, talks to him. the guy feels he is following him, so he tries to leave. so sean grabs his suitcase, tears it apart to find the phone, but finds nothing. they also start to fight, and he sees the train blast, meaning it was not him. he continues, but gets pushed to the track where an oncoming train runs over him. he wakes up in that capsule, but it was freezing cold inside. he tries to contact goodwin, but unable to contact her. they too are trying to contact him, but hear no response. she sees some abnormalities in his vitals and tries to reconnect to him, but there's nothing they can do. he tries everything to get out from there, but after connecting some wires, they reconnect and the temperature gets to normal. he tells her that he saved a woman from the train. the man tells him he saved her, but only in the source code, not in the real world. he asks what that is? the man who created this explains him that with an example of a light bulb that produces a dim light after it's turned off. he compares it with the brain, telling that its electromagnetic charge remains charged briefly, even after death. it also contains a short-term memory track that's approximately eight minutes. he also cannot exist there after eight minutes. it isn't time travel, it gives them access to parallel reality. sean claims that he saved one girl that sits across me. he tells her name, and when they check and confirm she died on the train this morning, they tell him that soon there is going to be a second attack on downtown chicago, and more lives would be lost. so they need him to gather information about the bomber to prevent more attacks. she tells sean the location of a strongbox in the train. inside is a loaded gun. use it. this time. as he talks to christina, he predicts things as is happens. then asks her if she would trust him, if he would do something that is a bit dangerous. she says no. he appreciates her for being painfully honest. she's surprised, asking, who are you? what did you do to sean? it's the new me, he says. then tries to break in the security box, but right as he gets the gun, he gets tasered. he wakes up and sees he is handcuffed. so he pleads christina to give him a phone so he could talk to his dad and say sorry for having a bad time with his father before he left afghanistan. she tells him everything will be all right. before the train blows up once again, he wants to know how he is doing in this program and whether goodwin has participated in this. wanting to compare his performance with her. she is worried of wasting valuable time. he notices an acronym of that department. she tells no, she isn't a viable candidate. a very few can do what he is doing. he also asks to let him talk to his father, but she tells him they will let him after the mission, and tells him to focus on the mission. all this makes him more suspicious about the truth. he is sent back again, and this time he asks christina to find out what happened to his friend, who was in military. he was in afghanistan, and he disappeared and didn't hear anything about him. since his name is captain colter stevens, which is actually himself, but everyone here thinks he is sean. he finds out from a woman that the acronym belongs to the air force division. then takes her phone tries to contact rutledge, who has created the source code and leading this mission. the operator tells him to wait. christina comes to him. she is sad to say that his friend is dead. he thinks she must have looked for some wrong name. she confirms it's about the right person, but telling his name, his dad's name, his last mission and time of death, that is two months ago. during his last mission, he is shocked. how can he be here in the train when he is actually dead? he faints and recollects some memory of how he died. he wakes up in that capsule. asks her if he is dead. she tells that only a part of his brain is still alive. he asks about the rest of his body. he can see and feel his hands and feet. she tells it's just illusion, and this place, this capsule, is also an illusion. he tells rutledge that he called him from the train just before the explosion. rutledge tells him, even if he made a call, it will be received by a different dr rutledge, he is sent to a different reality. captain stevens tells what he is doing can't be legal. rutledge tells that it has been reviewed and sanctioned by military court. many soldiers would find this preferable to death, the opportunity to continue serving the country even after death. captain stevens asks how much time has he spent in battle? he's a scientist, so he hasn't. stephen tells that any soldier would say, one death a service enough for a country. so he let him have his death after completing this mission. then tells goodwin to not give any more rest periods. he is sent back repeatedly, but fails to find the bomber. each time he gives up, telling he can't find the bomber, rutledge tells him, you're a born hero, son. even your father thinks so. saving people is what you do best. and plays his father's recording during his funeral, which motivates him to try again. this time, he first takes the pistol, then go to the bomb and disconnects the cell phone connected to it, which was acting as a detonator. he calls back on its last number. someone receives it. he tells he will find him. comes to the compartment and tells him to turn around. a guy in front, who is also using phone, turns and he thinks that this guy is the bomber, and takes him into gunpoint. the guy is confused what he is talking about, and tells him that he is software engineer and he was talking to his wife. then asks him to dial it again. he calls again, but his phone doesn't ring. he notices that a guy who got out picks the phone, as he called a teenager, gives the wallet back to the man. stevens follows him and sees the guy go to another door and drops it off again. stevens picks it up and finds out that the person's name is derek frost. he jumps off the train, seeing which christina asks to stop the train. he follows the man, who was just about to leave in a white van. while approaching him, stephen sees the number plate, then points a gun at the man, but he denies of any involvement with the bomb. steven shows him the wallet, which he dropped twice on purpose, so that everybody would think you were dead and not a suspect. after the explosion, he smiles and proceeds to show him the bomb, which he created and plans to use to blow up chicago. he gets distracted when he sees that christina has followed him off the train, and gets shot. then the bomber shoots christina. the bomber sees that his name is sean and he is a teacher. steven was unable to move, but still conscious, and asks why he tells him that the world is hell, but we have a chance to start over in the rubble, but first there has to be rubble. then leaves. surprisingly, the train still explodes. stevens returns and informs dr rutledge the name of the bomber and the number plate on his van. he asks about the deal, which was to let him die after the mission. rutledge hoped that he might reconsider that for the sake of the program. stevens tells him that he has. he wants something else now. he still wants to die, but he wants to go back in and save all those people on that train first. he knows that it won't work, but still wants to try. on the other hand, the bomber is captured, and goodwin congratulates him. he tells her he missed something. the train shouldn't have blown up. there must have been a second detonator, something he couldn't see, a fail safe. she tells it's a computer program. the girl on the train, all the others, they're lost. he tells that she is wrong. she doesn't have to be dead. he asks her to send him back in and switch off the program. he manages to convince her telling him that she will terminate his life support after eight minutes, she sends him back. this time he removes both the cell phone detonators from the bomb, then steals the handcuff from the security officer, stops the bomber from getting off the train and handcuffs the bomber to the train. then calls police and, informing himself as derrick, which is the bomber's name, and tells them the location of the two bombs, one in the train and the other in a van. then calls his father and talks to him by introducing himself as shauna, friend of stevens. then returns to christina. turns out that stevens loves christina, and she too loves him. he bets his money to a comedian, claiming that he cannot make all the people on this train laugh. the comedian takes it and proceeds to make everyone laugh. he then takes christina to the other side of the compartment, asks her what she would do if it was her last one minute of life. she would make those seconds count. then kisses her as he runs out of time. and the time seems to stop to us. it turns out that the scientist never intended to let stevens rest, and plans to create more programs similar to this and reuse stevens again by wiping out his memories. however, goodwin decided to end stephen's life, disobeying the orders from the scientist. stevens is shocked to see him and everyone alive. even after his life support was removed. his consciousness now resides with sean in this universe, and he sends a message to this version of goodwin, informing her that today she will hear news about a failed terrorist attack on a commuter train near chicago. they too kept the bomb from going off. she goes to dr rutledge room and hers the same news. she leaves, and we see rutledge saying someday there will be a crisis, and source code will be useful on that day. stevens also tells her that they are not just creating eight minutes of a past event, but they are actually creating a whole new world. then asks her to take care of the captain stevens in this universe and tell him that everything will be okay. the movie ends here. since you watched till the end, you might like similar content. so do consider subscribing and turn on the bell to never miss out my videos. thanks for watching, and do leave a comment about what you felt about the movie. 