welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, season two, episode five. we start on a dark and gloomy night where these thugs are clearly hunting someone in the shadows. and it is a socatano. yes, she's got white lightsabers, going full ninja on these guys hiding in the shadows. then, wow, gosh, it is an epic scene. what a way to start. she wants some information from the woman who's the leader of this town, but it's like, yo, i'll execute a bunch of civilians, so go on, get out of here. the next day it's mando and baby yoda flying on in. baby yoda is cute as always. he still wants the little knobby thing he loves playing with, and he uses the force to get it. amanda goes into town and finds it's a very unhappy place. these people are horribly oppressed. being a super cool bounty hunter, though, he's invited to go in and see the leader, the magistrate. before amanda can say, hey, i'm looking for a jedi, she's like, hey, i need you to kill a jedi for me as payment. she offers him a spear. it looks very boring, but it is made out of pure besgar cool cemento goes out into the woods, and soon he's ambushed by predator asokatano coming in there. it's an epic, short little fight. pretty soon though, he's like, wait, hold up. i'm a friend. and she's like, wait a second. is that a baby yoda? she and baby yoda stare at each other for a while. apparently she's able to communicate telepathically with him a little bit. we don't get any more explanation on his species, like, is he yoda's son, or did you just, like, sprout from an egg? but we do learn two important things. he was a kid in training at the jedi temple back on coruscant. remember the one anakin slaughtered all of them? yeah. even though baby yoda's still a toddler, remember, he is 50 years old, so he was there. and also, this is big, but he has a name. it is gorgu. yeah, gorgu. will say it a bunch of times till it sounds normal. i'm still going to call him baby yoda for a while, i think. so the next day they do some basic jedi training to see how much he knows. she's like, hey, kid, move this rock, but he doesn't want to do it. she's like, here, mendo, you give it a try. and he still doesn't care about the rock, but he does care about the ball from the stick. shift, oh, pulls it right to him. ahsoka's like, hey, this kid really likes you. and that's not a good thing for a jedi. she refuses to train him because attachment to others is a path to the dark side. from the clone wars show, ahsoka was anakin skywalker's apprentice, so she saw firsthand how attachment turned her best friend and mentor into darth vader. but amanda's like, okay, i see where this is going. everyone i meet agrees to help me if i do their side quest for him. let's go save this village for ya. so that's night. ahsoka tano, wow, up there. gosh, yeah, so cool. bad guys chase after her, and they're going to execute the civilians, but mando busts in there and saves them. so there's more stealth fighting as ahsoka tries to take down the captain and his droids. but then amanda holds him off, while ahsoka goes to 1v1 duel the magistrate. yes, we're in a full-on samurai movie. now these two have an epic fight, lightsabers vs best car spear. yeah, he can block him. yes. this magistrate's a great fighter too. knocks one of ahsoka's lightsabers away. but in the end, oh, ahsoka gets her. she wants to know where her boss is. who's her boss? is it maf gideon? no, there's another name drop, grand admiral thrawn. yes, apparently he's an epic villain from rebels and the extended universe, super star wars. fans everywhere like blah. while they had their samurai duel, mando and the captain were having an old-fashioned western standoff. he pretended to surrender, but was going for another gun, so mando took him out, no problem. so the town is saved. hooray. ahsoka gives mando the best gar steel spear. like, hey, you need a sweet weapon to go with that sweet armor. and you know now we're gonna see an epic duel between mando and moff gideon, darksaber versus best guard steal spear. then mendo goes to get baby yoda, aka grogu, and say goodbye. yes, it would be heartbreaking. to separate these two. but apparently that's what his plan is. but ahsoka comes up like, yo, man, you're clearly this kid's dad. i don't want to train him anyway. if you're really committed to bringing them to other jedi, go to the planet tython. there's an ancient jedi temple there. bring him to the top and put him on the seeing stone, and maybe he'll, like, reach out through the force and find another jedi. this works for mendo. he didn't want to lose baby yoda anyway. and ahsoka's not coming with she's doing her own thing. it's awesome they're bringing in these other star wars characters, so cool to see them in live action. but it's also great they're not taking over the show. it's about mando and baby yoda, and i love that. where will dinjarin and gorgu go from here? find out next time on the mandalorian. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 