lay certain the lego movies have no damn ray being this good. you all saw what happened to the emoji movie. you all have seen other toy and kit properties get smurfed. but Chris Lord, Phil Miller and everyone besides Kathleen Kennedy have been busy crafting these animated combo prices that I personally think are genius. like if the first lego movie is about generations and how to connect with each other through shared passions, and the second one is about siblings and sharing viewpoints. let me explain. now, I really want to focus on the second part because that's the one that's fresh on my mind, and some people are hating on it. see, I think part of the genius between these two movies is that people keep forgetting how they're partly being told through the kids perspective, or at least an extension of their imagination. that's why we see fingerprints on the Legos and wear and tear on the Legos, cuz they're the ones who are technically moving the characters. everything happening is based off things around them. so whenever the dad, who's played by wolf arrow, consistently forgets his pants become something that the kids incorporate into the story. amid orders coffee, probably the same way that kids do. two coffees please, one black, one with just a touch of cream and 25 sugars. the speech and size for certain Legos change as the sister gets older, since it's from her perspective. so I guess you can kind of see the recasting of Jenny Slade, who was voicing Harley Quinn, to Margaux, who's voicing arlequin. is done having seen the movie, and I guess now they're picturing them as the voice. there's an also the plot that revolves around the crackle. in the first one, since they fear their dad would glue them together. and in the second one, it's the fear that the mom would take their Legos away, and causing our mom Magee, they're kids. they're not all gonna be that great. so what I love the most about the sequel is how the whole thing is just a fight between the brother and the sister. that's why the Lego characters think they're going through an apocalypse when it's just them fighting over Legos. that's why the new ones come from the sis star system. it's why characters are given certain names based off phrases they probably said a lot growing up. and while some fight a corny, I think the message of the sister just wanting to play with the brother because she was influenced by him his cue, that there never was a bad side, just different perspectives. a la RR martin. the credits even show you a montage of siblings who connected through Legos. but if you think that this sounds too much like Toy Story 2, well, the movie that has a whole bunch of other things, may it goes a little too overboard with other things and references that are completely sporadic. Emmet has a twin named rax, which really doesn't make any damn sense with the whole time-travel stuff. but it adds to the status quo aspect of the movie, that the hero doesn't have to be this brooding man in black who's always giving the audience what they want. and it also takes shots at Pratt's previous roles. like Rex is literally a parody of every brake role Chris has played, almost played, even those who have been as daddy in roles. obviously, it's also a sequel, poking fun at sequels, especially those that have a depressing ending and a cliffhanger, like many have had, those where the main heroes go down dark paths that audiences don't expect. Pratt also ruining things, like you did an infinity war and then causing everything to turn into pieces. I'm also aware that a lot of people just see this franchise and many others, is just a big commercial to sell more toys. and you know what, 100 percent that doesn't mean it can't be entertaining though. like if the joke is that they have to come up with another catchy song to sell as well as everything is awesome did for the first one, and they decide to be so on the nose that they just called a new song the catchy song. if it's actually getting stuck in my head, then I even met. I love the jokes about the DC characters being gone, and how Marvel won't answer their phone call, so they're kind of screwed, how the brainwashing machine is actually a smart phone, how they knew there were two sides to Liam Neeson this whole time. like, I know we've been getting a bunch of self-aware movies, but I really think this one worked, especially when it gets deep there's a storyline with Lucy, who's been keeping secrets from Emmet because she's holding up this tough persona. but her guard is so high that when she finally lets it down and reveals her true side to him, he doesn't believe it. he's actually grown to believe that the manipulated version of her decides she wanted him to see is the authentic version. and it disrupts their entire relationship. that idea that we don't reveal ourselves to the people closest to us and shut them out. in a kid's movie, I think a lot of people grew up playing with Legos, and that became the bond between them, between siblings, parents, cousins. but I think we all have our own version of Legos that keep us connected, that shared passion that brings us together. obviously, my Legos are movies, and they become the thing that I share with the people closest to me. and honestly, it's been the thing that's connected you and I. so I just asked, what happens when we put those Legos away? yo, also, Miller and Lord are the owners of credits. I thought they set the bar with the 22 Jump Street credits. but this lonely island song at the end was hilarious. they're calling out actors for working for our days. and poor souls, their only compensation is money. on how the best song in a movie soundtrack has to be played first in the credits that they're so good. people are coming in 90 minutes late to the movie. they're just keeping the whole movie because they just want to see the credits. I even love how they put Will Ferrell in a speech bubble, since he was just a voiceover for this movie. but again, I personally love the movie either way. I'm curious to know your guys thoughts on it. what did you think about wild fire actually being the one who wrote everything is awesome. do you finally get Radiohead? were you upset that they were making fun of Cinna bros out there? are there jokes that make no sense? does that? uh, you know what? I think is genius of it being from the perspective of the kids, even though sometimes they just go completely opposite to that. yeah, 100%. but I still think it's an enjoyable movie. I personally think that if this movie came out first, people would like it just as much as they liked the first lego movie. I think it is one of those where the quality, for me, is still the same. it's just the novelty of that big twist that we saw on the first movie being done here just doesn't hit as hard. but I still personally like both. they're equal to me, in my opinion. but who cares to know? your guys starts. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you Bionicles. 