welcome to the falcon and the winter soldier. episode two. graham, so we take a look at john walker, a u.s army soldier who's got a lot of expectations on his shoulders, with a little support from his misses. he's been drilled silly through senator meetings and press briefings, and wants to do his best. so for now, he's mostly a marketing tool, just like the early days of the first avenger. but he's a soldier with three medals of honor whose physical training may not be super strength, but is far above human average. he seems like a good guy, even if the ex-girlfriend club is feeling moody. bucky is angry at sam for giving up the shield, but the falcon is busy looking into the flag smashers. so they both fly over to germany and try to out macho each other with stupid displays to prove which one of them really loved steve rogers for most. they locate the enhanced group who is on the move, and bucky sprints in for a look at the medical cargo. but the flag smashers are able to keep pace with the white wolf of wakanda and even break redwing. but the new captain america and his boyfriend drop in to offer support, leaving everyone feeling a little conflicted. the fight doesn't go well, however, and the enhanced strength terrorists are on some kind of super serum, and the exes have to bail. and although john walker keeps an eye out for his friends, they too are repelled. and everyone gets an uncomfortable lift back to the airport. jw wants some respect. his job is to help the global repatriation council get the displaced, unsnapping refugees back on their feet and into the system, which is why they're trying to stop the flag smashers who would prefer a return to anarchy. but sam isn't looking to join forces, and bucky straight up wants to take the shield back from them. they head over to baltimore, where bucky meets an old enemy of his from the korean war called isaiah, a man who's managed to fend the hydra assassin off back in the day. because it turns out the us. had made other quiet attempts at super soldiers. but back then they locked up isaiah after his mission instead of praising him, and instead victimized him, with years of experimenting in prison, making sam furious. but bucky is arrested before they can investigate further for missing one of his government-mandated therapy sessions. so as part of the bail hosted by jw, they get to attend a couple's therapy session where dr kramer tells them to get in close and speak their truth. you see, if steve trusted sam with the shield, and he was wrong about that, then maybe steve was also wrong about believing in bucky. but the shield is none of his business, and they both feel awful outside. the new captain and his mate, omar, are still super keen to be friends, but he finally gets the hint from bucky that it's not gonna happen. john walker is a government agent who has to follow their rules, something steve fought against during civil war, unlike bucky and sam, who get to act a bit more flexibly as free agents. meanwhile, the flag smashers, led by carly morgenfore make it to a safe house. because it seems there are a lot of people in the world who believe in their cause, seeing them as freedom fighters, who experience the whole world as being finally unified after the horror of thanos, is snapping and view the global repatriation council as being just another system designed to keep people divided again and return the previous corrupt leaders back to their positions of power. but she might be on the run from a third party. they remain on the move with their cargo, and managed to escape the authorities once more, thanks to one of their members who sacrifices himself for his ideals. and in order to give the rest of them time to fly away. and short of any other leads regarding the super soldier program, falcon and the winter soldier go to meet with the one man who is responsible for successfully breaking the avengers apart back in phase three, former sokovian intelligence officer, helmut zemo. oh my god. so thanks a lot for watching, and make sure that you've hit the subscribe button. let me know what you think in the comments below. and for any other shows we need to be cramming, i'll see you next time. so take care. 