[Music] to the edge of the national forest, the heart. they knew exactly where to look. they've been sending spies across the board. i know a road sign when i see one. the spy you're looking for right here in your camp. yo, somebody let this credit just a little more. where's carol? you can take out half reward from here. you're gonna get yourself killed. we've got more skins. i deserve it. please. just say it to me. there's got to be another way in. the people you sent out, they're in trouble, trapped in a cave where alpha has placed her horde. [Applause], yes. any other way in or out? there are others in the area. i'm not sure where. [Music], oh, alpha wants me alive. i didn't betray you. i just, i drew him out here because he was gonna thank you. thank you. thank you for making me strong. let here. [Applause], there. where are the others? we got separated. most of us got out easy, easy. i'm no longer weak. i'm stronger than ever. truth is. stephanie, i just very much like to meet you. i'd really like to meet you too. okay, i'll talk to my people. not one of our enemies who wants to see my son. she's not an enemy. you don't know that. jerry and kelly made it back to hilltop. i heard what happened to the cave. i was worried about you. we gotta find our people. man, no, you can't go out there. my mother's coming. what happened? she blocked all the roads. it means they're closing in on us. we had a window to get out. we just missed it. what? oceanside? can't get here alexandria either. not in time, not after what happened. this is going to be the fight of our lives. seven rail yards about a mile south of the kanawha river. one week, can you be there? i'm never gonna hate you. [Music]. right. they will part of my stop. sorry. kids. before we knew it, we were in the horde. you are all doing great. you all are so good. and don't go near me again. okay. the thing you've been looking for, i found it. uh, families inland and the munitions, everything's inland. but i said i had to come home to my family. i meant it. family's still in there. that's why i asked you to come, but i never lied to you about the weapons. you said you'd seen them. i told you i could show you the spots. i got no reason to go in them getting washed up. i it washed up during the big storm. i don't know where the hell it came from. what are you doing? how are you talking about? if the others will help me, i think we can mod the engine and get it working again. i found something. i found something that belonged to the brave man. is he alive? i i don't know. but if you think he's alive, then you have to go find him. i love you and your brother so much. i love you too, mom. go get him. they won't wait for us, [Music], hoping that one day they'll forget. they won't, not unless you do something to make them forget. this is what you wanted. so you bring me off his head. and that's what the people remember you for. i go back there without you, there is a noose around my neck the second i step foot in there. i've been in radio communicado with someone outside our orbit, a new person. when we set up a time to meet, i simply ask that you spare me your derision. as a hopeful expectation of new, good people. is holy worth the risk masking in her head? i know i am getting to that. let me get to it. the whole reason i threw in with them was so i could get close enough to alpha to slit her throat. alpha's dead because of you. we kneel. it's the new offer. [Music], probably don't threaten me with a good time. more improbable than a baby born with a full set of teeth. oh, my god. hi. i haven't seen anyone in over a year, and the first ones i find seem like a bunch of meanies because we don't know you. oh, of course you do. princess. you mentioned you had access to some transportation, a whole garage full, tons of choices. i'll take you there. hey guys, uh, i need somebody to run an errand for me. i'll go. oh, sh they're heading toward orchard side as expected. not yet. we'll stay on them whales. yeah, not exactly the kind of ride i was picturing. but i was coming over here to see if you wanted to join us. wait for real? yeah, as long as you don't lie to us again. okay, you're breaking up. i can't hear you. come back. surrounded gabriel, you 