Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an American Romantic Thriller film called \xe2\x80\x9cSleeping with the Enemy\xe2\x80\x9d, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. The movie starts with Laura Burney, a charming woman enjoying her time on the beach, and her husband Martin Burney, a successful investment counselor in Boston. They seem like a perfect couple; she is gorgeous, and he is handsome. They live in his summer house; Laura is getting ready for a social gathering. Upon arrival, they don\xe2\x80\x99t spend long enough in the party and their eyes lock again, they definitely have a chemistry going on. He then takes her back to home, he is fond of listening to Berlioz Symphony Fantastique, which sounds like this The next day, martin is working out, maybe last night\xe2\x80\x99s workout wasn\xe2\x80\x99t enough. He then notices misplaced towels in the washroom, he then brings Laura there, and he reminds her not to do the mistake again. Afraid from consequences, she then aligns the canned goods in the cabinet with utmost accuracy, the way martin likes it. She then tells him about the menu for the supper, and he then leaves. Later, he meets their neighbour, the neighbour tells him that his wife is gorgeous, and he keeps looking at her, then they talk about sailing, and how much martin is fond of sailing and passionate about it. Then the neighbour gives him an invitation for sailing together but he denies it, by saying his wife Laura is afraid of water and she cannot even swim or go near the water. Later, Martin gets home, and he is not happy that the neighbour is having pleasure in seeing his wife, so he starts beating her, and he kicks her. Strangely he apologizes quickly, and then he tells her about the invitation from the neighbour for sailing that week. He assures her that he will be next to her, and then he leaves while Laura is in agonizing pain. At this point we can say that, Martin is an obsessive and controlling person who has physically and emotionally abused Laura. Outside, she notices light bulbs, and she starts taking them down. Later that night, Martin returns to home, and he apologizes again, and he showers her with flowers, then he gives her a red dress, his favourite color. He then undresses her and makes her wear that dress; it seems clear that she is not comfortable with this treatment, and she does not like it. Sooner, he forces himself on her, and her face says everything by now. The next day, they talk about Laura wanting to do a job in a library, but she is not allowed to do anything. She then mentions how she wasn\xe2\x80\x99t even allowed to visit her mom\xe2\x80\x99s funeral six months ago, Martin speculates that she is bringing it up, so they get into an argument and cancel the plan to sail that night. He then tells her that they\xe2\x80\x99ll always be together, and nothing can break them apart, then they get ready to go for sailing. Later that night, the weather starts getting severe and the neighbour assures Laura that nothing will happen, Martin looks at them in a creepy way. Then the weather gets worse and worse, Laura seems scared and nervous from her fears of water. Unexpectedly the boat jib opens up, and both Martin and the neighbour try to fix it, but the winds are too harsh. Sooner, Martin rolls out of the boat and the neighbour gets him back. However, Laura is missing, and she fell into the water, Martin starts freaking out since he knows she cannot swim. After an extensive Coast Guard search, they find the safety vest of Laura, suggesting Laura couldn\xe2\x80\x99t survive the waters. Martin returns home, and he is raging out and blaming himself for the Loss of his wife. Few days later, a funeral procession take place, and Laura is finally gone, a truly sad moment for Martin, and he is in disbelief. However, in the flashback, Laura swam through the water, and she survived the storm, and she says. At this point, we can say that she had it all planned, her UNO reverse card was saved till this moment to save herself from the beginning. Then she goes back to Martin\xe2\x80\x99s house, she grabs a bag that she had already prepared, she then cuts her hair, and out of rage, she takes her ring out and she dumps it in toilet. She then leaves the place for good. Laura is in the bus to Cedar Falls, Iowa. An old lady offers her some fruit, then they talk a bit, and Laura reveals that she is going to see her mom, and her mom is alive, so earlier when she mentioned that her mom is dead, it was a lie as well. She then tells her the story about her abusive husband, and how she was trapped in the house, and that she faked her own death. She explains further that she stayed with him for 3 years. The greyhound bus brings her to Iowa, and she can be seen smiling again, as if she was just released from a prison, enjoying the little things, and embracing the life. She then rents a house as Sara Waters. Her house rent is 700 dollars, and she takes it. She then starts organizing the house and coloring it. She looks at the sunset and cherishes everything she lost. She takes a shower, and after the shower, she misplaces the towels, as her sign of freedom. A young man, Ben Woodward, is outside in the lawn. He is her neighbour, and she smiles while looking at him. Back in Martin\xe2\x80\x99s house, he walks on the shore, and a broken piece of the lightbulb gets into his feet. He realizes that they all have been broken. At Laura\xe2\x80\x99s home, she goes outside, and she starts collecting apples from the yard, Ben shows up and tells her that she can be arrested for stealing. He then says we can make a deal and she replies, I don\xe2\x80\x99t make deals. Then he comes back to her, and he brings the apples, and he apologizes, that he didn\xe2\x80\x99t mean to scare her. He introduces himself and he tells her that he is a drama teacher at a local college. He wants to know her name, but she wants him to leave. He asks her for a date, and he leaves. Martin is at work, and he gets a call from a lady working at YWCA. She mentions Laura and gives her condolences, Martin is shocked since Laura never went to YWCA. The lady then reveals that she came there every morning to take swimming lessons and she became a very good swimmer. Upon hearing, that Martin gets out of control. He then drives back to home, and he starts going through her belongings for hours, he gets a cut while going through the stuff, and he notices the wedding ring she dumped earlier, which failed to flush in the toilet. He takes it out and he realizes she might be alive, and she faked her own death. Laura goes to Ben\xe2\x80\x99s house with the apple pie she made from his apples. He asks her to play some music while they eat dinner, she says play any music except Berlioz Symphony Fantastique, the song that Martin used to play. He found out that she is looking for a job, and he suggests that he can get her some work, but she denies it. He then notices a wound on Laura\xe2\x80\x99s head, he suspects that she had a troubled past. She then gives him her new name, Sara Waters. The next day, Martin starts investigating further about Laura. He goes to a retirement home where Laura\xe2\x80\x99s mother used to live. After talking a bit, it is revealed that Laura took her mother out of there 6 months ago. Ben helps Laura to get a job in library, he asks her what her real name is? Since when he calls her name as Sara, she is not affected. He expresses that he likes her, she denies it and heartbroken Ben leaves. Later, she calls her mom from a phonebooth to hear her voice. Martin hires a private investigator, and he offers him 20,000 dollars if he finds her. Few days later, the whole town is celebrating The Independence Day, Ben notices Laura in the celebration, he reaches out to her, and they both are happy to see each other. He apologizes about the other day, but she says we are good. Then they talk a bit about their personal lives, and Laura reveals that she misses her mom, and she didn\xe2\x80\x99t see her in the last 6 months. Chloe, mother of Laura is in a nursing home. Martin located her and he is standing next to her. Laura is at home, she hears a knock on the door, and Ben invites her to a special place. He takes her to a stage, and he showers her with his love, and he sings a song for her. They both have a lot of fun, and they both are clearly in Love. They both start dancing, they get back to home, and they both start kissing each other, and almost have a hormone sandwich on the stairs. She resists and she pushes him away, and she wants him to leave. The next day, Ben is sad, and disappointed from being rejected again and again. Laura goes to him, and she tells him about her ex-husband that he was abusive, and she had to escape from him, he assures her nothing will happen to her. Later, he helps her in disguising herself as a man, and then she goes to the nursing home. She goes to her Blind mother Chloe, and she starts singing her a lullaby that her mom used to sing for her, she then reveals to her that she left Martin, and she tells her about Ben as well. Chloe assures her to be strong and not to let anyone harm her again. Martin is in the same nursing home, and he is inquiring about Laura. Then he prepares to leave from there and Laura is drinking water from the fountain, and she leaves. A lady tells him about the visitor that they had today, and he runs outside to look for her. She gets home, and she is filled with joy, and she jumps in Ben\xe2\x80\x99s arms. Martin goes to Chloe, posing as a private detective, and he tells her that Martin is in the town, and they need to find Laura to warn her. She don\xe2\x80\x99t know where to find her, but she tells him about Ben and the college he teaches. He is about to kill her brutally, but he is interrupted by a nurse, and he leaves. The next day, he goes to the college, and he abducts a professor, but he learns it\xe2\x80\x99s not the right person. Ben is teaching his students in the college; he then spies on him. Later that night, he follows them, and he sees Ben and Laura happy, and he is in shock and jealousy has taken over his mind. At this point, we can say that if he can beat his wife, because the neighbour was looking at her, then what he will do when he found her kissing a man and faking her own death. Laura and Ben get back to home, she is taking a bath and relaxing. However, she notices the aligned towels and she jumps out, she then starts checking the house nervously, after checking the house, she finds the kitchen towels aligned as well. She opens the kitchen cabinets, and she is happy to see it messy, she then walks from there, and she notices an open window and Ben is seen walking in the house. She is clearly scared, then they both have dinner outside, and he gives her a kiss before leaving. She goes in the house, and she plays music, it plays Martin\xe2\x80\x99s favourite song, she then notices that the closet is open and fire alarm goes on, she breaks it because I think pressing a button would be too hard for hwe. She then goes to the kitchen cabinets, and she finds them rearranged to Martin\xe2\x80\x99s exact standards. She cries and laughs in a disappointing accepting manner, knowing her fears have come true and her husband chased her till there. He then shows up and gives her a kiss, Ben knocks the door, he then reminds her the time to meet tomorrow. Soon after closing the door, Ben breaks the door, and he attacks Martin. However, he overpowers him. Martin then shows her the wedding ring, then Laura knees him in his Marbles, making him drop the gun. She grabs Martin\xe2\x80\x99s gun and holds him at gunpoint. Martin says that even police won\xe2\x80\x99t be able to protect her, and he loves her. She calls the police, by informing them that she killed an intruder, and then she shoots Martin. She shoots him three times, and then he falls to the ground. Only to wake up as zombie and he tries to shoot her, but the gun is empty. Martin finally dies from his wounds, while Laura goes to Ben and they hug each other, while waiting for the police, And the movie ends. Please don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to like &amp; subscribe, it really helps the channel grow. 