welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where they all float. Pennywise, the dancing clown from Stephen King's Story. it is arguably one of the most fascinating villains in horror history. whether it's its creepy smile, shape-shifting ability or the sinister side that makes it one of the most evil monsters ever put to film, you have to agree that it has a certain allure about it. to celebrate the release of it chapter 2 this year, I thought I'd break down everything that you need to know about Pennywise, including its role in the book and its history. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want anything potentially ruin for yourself about the film, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give you a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of all things penny wise. ok, so the first question that I want to clear up that I've seen after my videos is, did penny wise used to be a real person? this is because in in chapter 2, we see Beverley looking at an old photograph that appears to show penny wise as a person in old dairy. well, to get rid of any confusion, this is in penny wise, or what we at least know it to be. whilst this man did exist, penny wise used its shape-shifting abilities to take this man's form in order to lure in the children of Derry. this old photograph in the trailer still has some significance, as it showcases how long penny wise has been in dairy for. Stephen King based its appearance on Ronald McDonald, Bozo the Clown, Clarabelle and John Wayne Gacy the serial killer. are sometimes donned a costume. it uses this appearance because it can quickly lead children into a false sense of security, which is why we see it appear as a clown so often. the creature it is actually billions of years old and is known as a glamour. it originates from another dimension outside of the universe known as the macro verse. its real name and species are called deadlights. but as the losers Club are unaware of this, they say refer to the creature as it there refers to itself as the eater of worlds which probably means that it has drifted through the galaxy, going planet to planet, carrying out the parasitic attacks until it's trained the location of all its resources. whilst most assume that Pennywise is male, it's actually a female. and in this story we discover the creature is pregnant, though it's killed before it can give birth. it landed in what would come to be known it's dairy thousands of years ago during an asteroid crash. and it lived in the area, allowing humans to build a town around it so that it had a regular food source. it is as much of dairy as dairy is it, and thus the creature cannot leave the town. it has a hibernation pattern of 30 years, and its awakening is normally marked by the huge tragedies, such as the Kitchener Iron Works explosion, which killed 88 children during an Easter egg hunt. it has the ability to shape-shift, and it uses this power to scare the humans which live in the area. according to it, frightened flesh tastes better, which is why it spends the majority of its time attempting to scare people. Pennywise primarily hunts children, as these are easier to frighten, and because the fears of adults, such as bills and money worries, are difficult to manifest. as whilst the creature seems complex, it's only goals are to sleep and eat. and when awakened, it tends to operate for roughly a year before returning to its slumber. it eventually becomes arrogant and begins to taunt and torture its prey for months before eating them, which ultimately leads to its downfall. if use humans as below it, and thus allows them to escape sometimes, as it doesn't really see any difficulty in taking them further down the line. due to its psychic abilities, it's able to carry on this pattern of behaviour as it can influence the police into not investigating the disappearances too deeply, and thus it flies under the radar. it can control minds as well, which is why the adults seem quite nonchalant to the missing children, and why Beverly's father cannot see the blood in the bathroom. along with the name Pennywise, the creature also uses the alias Robert gray, which is a nod to real-life child cannibal Albert Fish. whilst it can be horrifying at times. penny wise also sometimes uses its appearance to charm children. it does this to Georgie and Henry Bowers, both of whom manipulates. and the latest look at the film, we see that it has changed its appearance slightly, which showcases that is trying to lure children in, rather than scare them, as it probably still has regrets over the losers Club. now the main difference between the story and the film is that in the adaptation, it is barely able to pass as a human, whereas in the book, it can completely blend into society. it's famous phrase, you'll float - also differs in the movie. as in its lair, we see the children's bodies that it has taken floating in the air, whereas in the source material, the phrase, you'll float refers to the children's corpses floating in the water of the sewers. whilst we never see its true form, the creature manifests as a giant spider at the end of the story and shows its dead lights. these lights come from an interdimensional realm and send all those who look at them insane. it really doesn't have a true form, no, and its appearance is normally decided by the onlooker. in the source material, it appears as a werewolf - one child, whilst at the same time appearing as a clown. so it's difficult to decipher its actual appearance, as it has no true form. it cannot be killed by conventional means, and thus the only way to defeat it is through the ritual of chert. as the creature feeds on fear, only courage and love can overcome it. and when the losers Club reunite, their strong connection with one another allows them to form a psychic connection that destroys it. this rids the town of the creature, and the group are able to go their separate ways after finally foot building their oath. now there are more things that tie into the law of the creatures, such as the giant turtle, but that's for another video, as I just wanted to focus on Pennywise for this one. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Pennywise and what you think the scariest thing about the character is. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the recently released it. Chapter 2 trailer, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 