[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and we've just had a brush with death, as we've got an announcement that deathstroke will be appearing in zack snyder's justice league. now, earlier this week, thr reported that reshoots were currently underway on on the film and that jared leto would be returning as the joker. joe manginello did appear with a new haircut, and this sort of teased the fans that he could be making an appearance in the film. now, joe manginello was meant to be in the original theatrical release, but then joss whedon stepped in and pretty much reduced his entire role to to that crappy post-credits scene. this was a massive shame, as i'm sure, if you're like me, you really wanted to see him go head to head with batman. but for some reason they just took him out. now collider has dropped a massive report on this that i'm gonna link in the description. but before we get into it, make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. now, that stroke did, of course, appear in the post credit scene of 2017's justice league. and this saw him be recruited by jesse eisenberg's lex luthor manginello recently promised to his fans on instagram that the upcoming snyder cut would indeed include the original post-credits scene and that there would be some footage that we hadn't seen at all appearing in the film. now, according to collider, their source explicitly told them that manganello will be returning to shoot additional footage. i'm sorry if i'm butchering his name, by the way. yeah, it's very late in england right now, and i'm kind of rushing this video, but don't tell anyone yet. now in the report, collider says that a representative for hbo max did not confirm his return, though his source has seen a lot of evidence that makes it seem like this is indeed definite. manchinello did appear on twitch earlier in the week sporting a white blonde haircut, which is also deathstroke's look. so we know they're filming right now. and you don't have to be the world's greatest detective to put this all together. now, collider actually had the chance to speak with manchinella recently. and according to the article, when they asked if he was going to return, he said, if i was part of it, that wouldn't be my place to announce that. that would be zack's place. so whether or not that's happening, that is an answer that is below my nda level, or whatever you want to call it. so yeah, kind of giving it all the way there. and i'm absolutely, i'm buzzing about this. now, we do know that the snyder cut is going to be cut up into basically episodes, and it makes sense that they're sort of bringing back all these actors. so every single week we get hyped for the next episode, thinking, wow, this big character's gonna return. whether it's the joker, deathstroke, martian man hunter, probably green lantern, which i'm guessing is gonna be the next announcement, everything's really just pulling together. and i think that the show is going to be absolutely incredible. now, deathstroke is more of a niche villain, but for fans like me, i'm up absolutely over the moon. to me, this is more exciting than the joker news, as i wasn't too hot on on jared leto's performance. but i always wanted to see what man janello was going to do with the role, especially after after toby maguire beat his arse in in spider-man. but don't don't tell him i said that. yeah. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on this news. who else you want to see in the episodes? and if you're as excited as we are, make sure you comment below and let us know. and if you missed our breakdown of the joker news, then definitely check it out after this. don't forget, we're also giving away three copies of the marvel phase one box set. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment below the win. it's going to be chosen at random on the 30th of october, and the cell will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content like this early. then you can also join our membership program for as little as 99 cents a month. anyway, thank you for sticking with me until the end of the video. i've been paul. you've been the best i'll see you next time. take care. peace is you. 