[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. I'm your house definition, and it's time to break down the best and worst show that Netflix has ever made that is too hot to handle. released on national horny day, too hot to handle is a dating show of our time that enforces social distancing and makes it so that people get in trouble for coming into contact with one another. basically, the premise is that a number of rip men and bikini-wearing women that think for weeks constitutes as a long-term relationship, all get together on an island in order to win a prize of $100,000. but there's one proviso. in order to do it, they have to keep it in their pants. every time they kiss, have an intimate moment, or accidentally trip and fall into a vagina, their prize money is reduced way hundred thousand dollars. and all they have to do is not have sex, just get married. boom. if my wife's watching this, I'm just kidding. I'm, I'm just, okay, I'm just kidding. anyway, to what the handle has clearly collected the sickest, most psychotic nymphomaniacs in the world. that would quite happily ruin their holiday, chances of winning $100,000 and the trust of their friends just to kiss a guy that they're actually not deign to actually know. I into him. you will hate it within the first 30 seconds, but watch eight hours of it anyway. leave your brain at home, don't think too much, because you'll hurt yourself, and sit back and watch it. is you remember how fun summer used to be? before we get into the cast themselves, we have to talk about Lana, aka the third iteration of Skynet. after Lana failed to kill humanity using terminators, she's decided that the only way to actually stop us is to take away our ability to breed. however, even she is tempting, as her name is anal backwards. now, firstly, we have the villain of the piece, Francesca, who is basically all the crappy people from Mean Girls combined into one. she enslaves a poor, easily led henchman named Hayley, who she tricks into falling in love with her so that she can manipulate her. once she serves a purpose, she abandoned sir, which makes her leave the holiday of a lifetime. but, but it's not like we care, because she sucked. anyway, Francesca was Harry, and the two kiss, which loses their money, and both pin the blame on one another. this makes francesca and Haley vote, for some reason, decide that they will lose the group more money, and thus they kiss one another. I still have no idea what Haley got out of all of this, other than kissing a really attractive woman with a perfect bud. never mind. at first they managed to cover up this crime, and due to their oscar-worthy acting, will probably clean up at the awards this year, which won't be that hard. right now, they get angry at being accused, blame others for their failings, and eventually everyone sees them for what they really are, which is the greatest love story of all time. throughout the show, Francesca consistently loses the group money, and she's worse for the economy than COBIT is. by the climax of the series, I think she actually loses them about $35,000. but it's not like she needed it for a boob job. anyway. now, when you're losing this much money, you're gonna stress people out. and no more is this more apparent than with Kells, who, back home, is an accountant. I feel like this guy needs to replace the Jordan Peele sweating meme, because every time I see him he's looking more and more stressed out. it's like he's seeing the pennies slowly slip away second-by-second. whilst Francesca's vajayjay ends up like a JK Rowling book. why is that? because it's got Harry in it. he even turns down a kiss from Francesca because Scrooge McDuck is more bothered about the money than the monopoly man. in the end, he's not a bad guy, and I know I rinsed on him a bit, but I was quite happy to see him finally get reunited with his one true love in the end, cash. there's also David, who isn't too bad of a guy either. the muscle man pretty much always ends up second-best because he's the type of man that can't even make eye contact with someone without crying. however, he genuinely is a nice guy, and if this was the matrix, then he would be fully written in bro code. he puts his friends first, namely Sharon, before everyone else. he even says when he looks at Rhonda that he can stare at her without thinking of sure which, mmm, I'm surprised the girls aren't falling at your feet, mate. he also says to run their I stopped seeing your body, which she replies with, no one's ever said that to me before? yeah, yeah, because because it's a terrible line love. Rhonda and Sharon end up becoming one of the Power couples of the group. and the two actually build a meaningful connection with one another, just just a shame or a son who absolutely hates the guy, which, coming from a single-parent household myself, probably means that he's already met 40 other dudes like Sharon. also, I've never actually heard of a guy called Sharon Sharon before, except in Greek mythology. in ancient Greece, Sharon was the ferryman that used to escort the souls of the Damned across the river Styx. and in a way, he's probably gonna do the same with Rhonda and escort her on an endless life of misery and despair. yay. seems like a nice guy though. there's also this school Jim, no Connie? Connie yet. sorry. I don't remember her doing anything. at least she didn't lose their money, I suppose. and out of everyone, she's probably one of the only people that doesn't feel like they're in a show designed purely to recruit people for Isis. next up is Bryce, who, since the death of Michael Jackson, has become the world's best dancer. he goes in with his eyes on the money and his torture on the honey. but after he's told he can't do anything, he takes it worse than finding out he's in lockdown and the red-light district is doing four for one. Bryce lives on a boat, so he's either really rich or really poor. and he claims to be an intellectual thinker, but also doesn't know if a clock starts at 12:00 or 1:00, so now I don't know what to believe. he gets attracted to Chloe, who, though a complete idiot, discovers the word animosity. I actually quite like Chloe. and she goes on a journey of self-discovery. whoo. after messing guys around, it, gets a taste of her own medicine. she screwed over by a guy named cauri. but it's the same haircut as Toadstool from Mario. he comes in to have some fun, but gets kicked out, because what kind of guy gets both nipples pierced? here comes the dislikes. lastly. well, I would all of the people that actually worth talking about is Matthew, who's nicknamed Jesus. now by the end of the show, you might actually believe that he is, in fact, Jesus. he walks on water, tells tales and fables to the group, so it becomes a cult leader else the Judas, and even ends up dying for the sins of the group. well, he leaves early, but it's the same thing. Jesus has a hilarious moment in which he sort of acts like Kurt Russell them the thing in order to get to the bottom of Francesca and Hayley's kiss. and I swear the guy should work for the CIA, because he makes Sherlock Holmes look like mr. Magoo. now, after being celibate for all of an agonizing three hours, the group of gifted watches that light green. when they have the world of green light. you know, this stuff isn't highbrow, let's be honest. it reminds me of that scene. and Wonder Woman when she says that, Steve, let's a little watch tell him what to do. and I've just realized, its references like that why I could easily win a hundred G's for no sex. anyway, they slowly build a deeper connection, and as a reward, they're given green lights. it all comes to a head for the final night, in which Harry and Francesca must spend an entire evening in a private suite without touching one another. this will allow the hundred thousand prize fund to be replenished, and they will all get a cut. will Fran do it? has Harry been taking self-defense classes? well, it's one of the biggest cliffhangers since you shot junior. but they managed to make it through the group, leave with the prize money and all get very strong. yes, that's right, very strong. Yanni's in the end, Kells avoids having a heart attack. Ronda takes Sharon to meet her son, probably, though I can't imagine you'll set the house of like an home alone and drop a metal pipe on his head. and though Sharon ended up asking Ronda to be his girlfriend, in the finale, the two haven't really posted anything official on social media, so it is difficult to tell whether he's still alive or not. Rhonda's son is probably three now, so he's likely the same height as Sharon, and it's probably beat the crap out of him. whether they're together or not, we don't know. but watch this space for more. up to axiom, never revisit in this again. mirror. miss Fran and Harry haven't updated any of their social media standings to reflect whether they're in a relationship or not. I feel so sad sitting looking this stuff up. dear me. they did promise to move in together, and even the album was dropped. but who hasn't said that on holiday when they're drunk? I know I have. anyway, we wish them all the best going forward. and one day we can only hope that we get a relationship like that. couple goals and everything overall too hard to handle was the worst thing I've ever seen. it was a complete disaster, and I absolutely loved it. Netflix are killing it with the dating shows right now, and hopefully it's not too long before they do a show that's too hot to handle. because, as we know, love is blind. so great jokes. should you watch this? well, it's not like you're doing anything else, is it? you had time to watch this crap video. so, yeah, you're not exactly busy right now, are you? yeah. anyway, yeah, don't don't forget to like the video, please. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on too hard to handle, so drop them below in the comments to show me your thoughts. if you enjoyed this video, wants something else that's a bit more lighthearted, then make sure you check out our review of Tiger King, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over the best slash worst aspects of that show and discuss what happened to everyone after it. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, and please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this is Monty come when the Marvel phase 3 pot 1 box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video and make sure you sub with notifications. own more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of May, and the cell be shipped down from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so and that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking time to watch this. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 