hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alert. today we're talking about the 2015 film insurgent, the second film in the divergent series, which has another installment in the series coming out in March. so hopefully the summary will get you ready for the next film. if you haven't seen the summary for the previous film in this series, check out the link below for a quick overview. at the beginning of the film, we find Tris for Caleb and Peter, having survived the battle against the mind-controlled dauntless and defeating the erudite, have traveled to Amity to seek refuge. MD allows all factions who seek peace to take refuge there. however, dauntless traitors and erudite forces arrive at Amity to cert for abnegation members. Tris 4 and Caleb all escape before the dauntless traders can find them, boarding on to a train of factionless. they travel to a factionless safe zone where they meet the factionless leader, Evelyn, who is actually for his mother, who we thought was dead. Evelyn tells for to convince the dauntless to join the factionless. Caleb goes to a safe zone with some abnegation members and Tristan for travel to the candor headquarters. once they arrive at the candor headquarters, Tris and four are immediately arrested and are given a truth serum and put on trial, during which they are tried to see if there was any wrongdoing involved in their part with the erudite attacks, where Tris admits to having killed some of her friends who are mind-control, even though it was in self-defense. Tris has have been haunted by the killings of her mind controlled friends for and the other dauntless are surprised by this, as they did not know that this all happened. candor is suddenly attacked by dauntless traitors led by Erik. those at candor are knocked out by a new serum, except for those who are divergent. many of the standing divergent are killed by the dauntless traitors, and Tris is captured by Erik. Erik tries to take them back to the erudite headquarters under orders of the erudite leader, Jeanine. Triss is able to injure Eric and escape. and they discover that the new serum allows the erudite to control people from a much greater distance. after a brief exchange for kills Eric for being involved in the murders of hundreds of people, the Dauntless returned to their headquarters and foreign. Tris go to a meeting with fours mother Evelyn, where they make an agreement to ally with the factionless to destroy erudite and destroy the new government. however, tryst is not trust Evelyn, because Evelyn left for as a child to be alone with his abusive father. the erudite begin to activate dauntless members, making some commit suicide every day, until a divergent surrenders to the erudite. Tris, overcome by guilt, leaves for the erudite headquarters in order to stop the four suicides. Tris arrives in Jeanine wants to run tests on her, - which Tris agrees, so long as the four suicides stop. Tris also finds out that her brother, caleb is working for erudite. four tries to rescue her, but is captured. the tests are quite grueling upon Chris's body, and they revolve around simulations that will open some mysterious box. however, her body is no longer able to take the simulations an all vital signs stop. her body is taken away, but is revealed that Peter, her former nemesis, has actually helped fake her death with a sleep zero. Tris is determined, however, to open the mysterious box and find out what the message is. and Peter helps Tris and for gain access to the box. Tris finally gets the box open to where a woman reveals that the city of Chicago and the faction system was all an experiment, and that the divergence were considered to be successes of the experiment, and that there are others in the outside world waiting for them to join the rest of humanity. Jeanine, realizing that this revelation would cause her to lose all of her power, orders the box to be buried and for interest to be executed. the factionless and dauntless army burst in and rescue them and arrests both Jeanine and Caleb. the message from the box is broadcast to the entire city, and Tris is hailed as a hero. the film ends with Jeanine stating that there is no telling what waits for them outside of the city after being secluded for 200 years. Evelyn, the factionless leader appears behind Jeanine, sitting that Jeanine will never get the opportunity to find out an Jeanine is executed. so that was the spoilers for insurgent. if you have another film that you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alert, it's on our various forms of social media, listed below. and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 