brah. remember we used to have those crazy story ideas back in third grade? well, someone took one of those ideas and made it into a freakin movie, a movie about a high schooler and a dictator who are pen pals. and then I start having sleepovers. as you know, I give every movie a chance, even if, to me it's a very, very, very skippable stream. it's even if it's completely dumb, because really, I'm the one dumb enough to go rent them. let me explain. so we have an island dictator over here, who I guess is supposed to resemble Fidel Castro with no tan. he's played by Michael Caine, who, Michael? what are you doing? man? pretty much, he runs this country that revolts against them, so he's kind of, he has to run away. meanwhile, there's a girl back in the States who's writing him letters since her pie smashing teacher assigned him a project, and she said, you know what? I'm at a message British Kim jong-un over here. and that's how they start the relationship. now, no one likes this girl in school, right? she dresses like Bono and his gross. she has no friends. her mom's getting Tarantino by her boss, who's cheating with her. and her crush is worse than moral Orel it's okay, it's okay. it's just temptation. you can shun it. one day she goes home. and since Anton Vincent had to escape his country, that was like getting blown up, I guess he'd GPS one of the letters that he got from her. and he ends up becoming the boy in the striped overalls for her. he's living off a fun dippin redbull. he's bunking in the garage. and if he wasn't the kind and carry Michael Caine that we all know and love, then I would have found this dude sneaking into our teen girls closet to be kind of creepy. but then he also does other creepy stuff. they start vlogging to get him back home. they go on a shopping spree. they put this caterpillar on his Michael, what are you doing? obviously, the mom finds him, and in order to show her, in order to show her that he's not violence, he does this stuff school. oh, he's probably mad. I was gonna tell you about him. I swear, genius, the mom then starts fantasizing, oh, dear. the man then starts fantasizing about him as he starts doing chores around the house, like he's a Mexican, I'm Latino in spirit. and of course, him being the great dictator that he is, he is able to then pass down his lessons. and he teaches the girl how to manipulate the school so that she can be in charge. and she does so by throwing tampons. now I don't even know how to bring up all the other stuff that happens in the movie, so I'm just gonna list them. there's a, there's an episode of cooking with King that comes out of nowhere where he's making mole adder Reese's Cups. there's this kid who's her friend, who feels so guilty he kissed a girl and liked it that he starts carving himself. they start milk boarding Jason Biggs in one scene. this obviously gets the girl mad, so she eggs her own house. this kid again, messes up his second suicide. and then right at the end, right when the police finally come in to invade the house, they arrest the girl for bullying the school. that's the freakin dictator who's IDing right there. now, maybe I'm missing something right? maybe it's my mind. it's just not capable of understanding cinema the way that Roger Ebert calm was able to, since they gave this a three out of four. but what I know is that by the end, they just flash forward and he turns himself in. the girl and the man move on, and we get to learn one lesson that I think really stands out in this movie, and that's that pen pals can truly create lasting friendships, real friends. thank you guys for watching this video. as always, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I don't know, it's supposed to be a satirical comedy. I think they forgot about the comedy. but let me know your thoughts on this movie, or any other movies you want me to check out. comment them down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and I'll write you a letter. 