have you ever wondered what would happen if mr b's channel was a little more dangerous? no? well, too bad. welcome to squid. wait, wrong version. okay, here we go. we start things off focusing in on a loser in his apartment eating breakfast. relatable meets young gihon, a jobless, disrespectful lounger who still lives with his mom. listen, man, you're not alone. after withdrawing some money from an atm, we see gihon and his friend at a horse race, cheering away. after some initial failures, gehun's bets finally pay off, winning him four and a half million won over jord he shares some of the wealth of the perceptionists. before leaving outside, he calls his daughter, but in the middle of their conversation, a group of men call him, prompting him to run. as gihon runs, he knocks an inconspicuous girl down, who will definitely not be important. later, the men finally corner gihon in the bathroom, and it looks like he's been captured by some serious sigma males. after they threatened him concerning some money he owes, he reaches for it in his pocket but it's gone. wait a second, you little rascal. anyway, the lone shark toys with gihon smacking him around a bit before departing. after winning a mystery box of the arcade with the help of an alpha chad, we count to him enjoying a night out with his daughter, who seems just ecstatic to be there. gihon gives his daughter the mystery box, and after opening it, finds out that he just gifted his daughter a gun. don't worry though, it's just lighter, which means it's totally safe for 10 year old child. after that disastrous surprise, he gives her ride home to her mother. defeated by the day, gihun misses his train ride and must wait on a bench. suddenly, a mysterious fellow sits next to him and tries to strike up a conversation, but gets shot down by gihon, who thinks he's just a guy trying to breach his religion. that is, until the man opens up a briefcase with some origami and what jeff bezos made since this video started. beat me in this game and you win a hundred thousand won. but if i win, you must pay me the same amount. kihun considers it, but looks hesitant. oh, and did i mention you get to go first with that? kihun agrees and proceeds to give it his all, and fails miserably. seeing that gihon obviously can't pay the 100 000 won, the businessman gives him an alternative. every time i win, i will slap you to make up for the money. gehen agrees and proceeds to get the ever living beat out of him, until finally he manages to flip over the paper, prompting him to celebrate as if he just won the olympics. as kihun holds his newly earned cash like a discord moderator holds their body bellow, the businessman says, i know who you are, kihoon, and i know you owe millions to loan sharks and banks. play a game with me and i will give you all the money you will ever need. the man gives him a playstation, i mean business card with a phone number on the back, before getting on the newly arrived train and disappearing. giehun arrives at home, and after giving his mother the earnings from his game, learns that his daughter will have to move to the u.s with her mom and her husband. unless gihun can support her financially. well, guess i'm never seeing my daughter again. oh wait. he calls the number on the back of the card and waits outside. then a van pulls up with a hooded figure and some other sleepy passengers. i guess everyone's pretty tired. gihon gets in and is immediately knocked out by some sleepy go bye-bye. gas later, he awakens in a large room filled with beds and people. as a group of mass figures watches them through tiny cameras. gihon gets out of bed and meets an old man with a brain tumor. he wears a jumpsuit with the number 001, which is basically a lame version of double 07. gihon looks down to see that his number is 456, aligning with the number on a big tv. in the room. a fight breaks out between a large tattooed man and the money thief from earlier. oh yeah, she's here too. as gihon goes to confront the pickpocket, a group of armed men pull up and address the audience. welcome to the games. you will be playing six games over six days. if you win, we'll pay you hella cash. after the answer a few questions from the audience, they have the participants sign a consent form and then lead them to a picture room. afterwards, the participants are let out to the first game. red light, green light. as they are getting ready, gihon sees a man he knows by the name of sang wu, a super nerd who was supposedly in college. probably gotten death from tier 3 subbing to twitch streamers. typical. anyway, back to the game. their opponent this thing. it's like chucky, but with guns. a red line can be seen at the other end of the field, and if they cross it, they win. oh, i've already played this in roblox. shit's easy. the game starts, and they'll most take it slow. two guys try to race neck and neck recklessly, until one of them is caught by the doll. hey. panic breaks out. the terrified participants try to run, but are gunned down mercilessly. no fair. i'm pretty sure that thing has aimbot. as the last runners are mowed down by the hacker doll, the game continues with those who are left, which, well, isn't a lot, as the remaining players try to run in their likely piss soak jumpsuits. the demonic doll shows no mercy. wait a second, this guy doesn't give up. eventually, a few people make it, including the tumor boomer. and sang wu gihun tries to make a run for it, but slips right as the doll is turning around. huh? that's weird. usually gravity isn't supposed to work like that. oh wait, he realizes that he was saved by the biggest bro in the world. seriously, bless up to this guy. get yourself a man like this. giehun and his newfound bro make it right. as the timer goes off, cementing the fates of the other players who hadn't crossed the line, the episode ends with a zoom out reveal that, well, let's just say i don't think they're getting found anytime soon. the next episode begins with the surviving 201 players back in their bunk beds. they're getting ready for what's about to be the most depressing sleepover ever. the playstation mascots come back in, and the survivors beg to be let go. can i go home? even sangwoo chimes in reminding everyone of a rule in the consent form that states that they could vote to end the game. the hooded figures agree, but are sure to remind them what they have at stake. a giant piggy bank descends from the roof and begins filling up with cash equaling 25.5 billion won. hey, maybe this dying ain't so bad. they take it to a poll and decide that wants to stop the game. wins by a single vote. surprisingly, the games are actually stopped, and each participant is dropped off where they live. as these survivors are returned to society, they realize in their own ways just how greatly the gay money could benefit them later. giehun, the sussy snitch, tries to report the event, and he goes smooth as ever, just kidding. each participant realizes that without money, they can't afford netflix and like properly fixing their lives and stuff. bummer. meanwhile, gehun's bro ali, gives his boss a hand, or rather, takes it. bazinga. on gihon's end of things, we learned that his mom has diabetes and needs 2 million want for surgery. bet you wish you had stayed in the game now. huh? eventually, a detective hears from the police officers about gehun's crazy tale. huh? now that i think about it, my friend disappeared randomly too. the detective is beginning to see a connection. he confronts kihun, but gets blown off. but can you blame him? he's had kind of a crazy week. as gehun gets to his front door, he finds another playstation gift card. looks like the games are back on. and it seems at this time the survivors ain't so eager to leave. the episode ends with each player waiting outside as a familiar van pulls up to each of them. next up we catch up with one snoopy boy, wang junho, following the soccer mom vance their super secret hideout spot. juno makes his way under a van before sneaking inside. wow, this guy is a savage. killed this poor guy for no reason. then he realizes that the red jumpsuit is just his style, so he drips himself out. meanwhile, the players wake up, once again rocking those jumpsuits. while gihun and sengwu set up their team. the snake tattoo guy makes his own oh yeah. and this weirdo is important. now, later, pip-pock lady named sebiok sneaks into a vent in the bathroom and sees the red hood stirring sugar. weird, but it won't be important though. the next day, the players led to the next game located in a giant playground made for your mother. there are four doors with four symbols, a triangle, circle, star and umbrella. the players are instructed to line up at one of the doors. each player of giehun's squad picks a different shape. then the doors open to reveal tables full of tin containers. what's inside honeycomb, with corresponding shapes carved into each piece. each player is instructed to use their toothpicks to carve out their shapes. well, gee hoon, i think you're out of luck. i'm screwed. yeah, that is by far the hardest shape. soon enough, players start to break their honeycombs, but get free bullets as rewards, saying, woo. ally and sebiok make it. while gihun and tumor boomer are struggling. my man is seriously stressing. but then he realizes, wait a minute. doesn't honeycomb melt? he proceeds to show us why he's a hit with the ladies. he looks away like he's never licked before, like his life depends on it. oh, wait, it'd do be that way. after witnessing the brilliance of this absolute madman, the others start to do the same. and eventually, giehun is licked enough away to save himself. the old man triumphs as well. move over ally. looks like yohon found a better bromance. the timer concludes, and those remaining are left to die. however, this chad doesn't want to die, so he grabs a gun and holds a square mask guy hostage. the chad wants to see, and the masked man obliges. huh? he's so cute. i'll never be that cute. right in time to miss the main sigma mail of the entire game, the front man, he kills the square mass for unmasking. then a disguised junho, who was present at the game, takes the dead man's mask. yoink. giehun meets back up with the squad, where they see the piggy bank fill up with more money. 79 players were eliminated. so that means 7.9 billion won was just added to the prize pot. man. that's almost enough to avoid a single band-aid in the u.s. the players are given a glass of soda and an egg for their meal. unfortunately, a few are too late and their meal gets stolen by the tattoo guy. one of the tardy people gets mad and confronts him, but gets a not too pleasant gift in return. the players panic, until the piggy bank starts to glow and money is added to it. that can't be good. now that they know that they can kill players to increase the prize pot, people are quick to make alliances, and the once peaceful room is now full of tension. as lights out draws closer, kihun invites seibu yoke to his bed. bold go get him tiger. the lights go out and his scream can be heard. everyone panics. his tattoo guy isis lady who had snitched on him to the guards. during the chaos, dozens are killed brutally. but fortunately, our favorite old dude steps in. hey, kids, knock it off with all that killing, will ya? the lights come back on and the dead are hauled out. the survivors are tired, bloody and beaten. the next day, some familiar classical music plays over the speaker announcing that the next game will begin shortly. gihun and sengwu try to make a team of ten people, featuring seibiok ali, the old man and four random people. but wait, we only have nine. ah, there we go. the next game they play is tug of war. pull the opposing team over the edge and they die. simple, right? first up is tattoo guy's team versus some randoms. i wonder how fair this will uh, makes sense. next match is goohun's team versus a team full of some pretty strong guys. oh, guys, things ain't looking too good. hey, i have an idea. what if we just stop pulling? what? that's a terrible idea. no, trust me. try it. oh, almost died there. but in the process, they unbalanced the other team and were able to claim victory. ah, close call. afterwards, they can be seen resting in the sleeping quarters, much of the shock of the sigma male team that was already chilling after the games. gehun and his team decide to use their r r time to build a fort from pieces of the bunk beds. this attracts the attention of tattoo guy who laughs at his team. you really think this fort will keep you safe tonight? hey man, worry about yourself. do you really think your team is above betrayal? oh crap. kihun just hit him with the reverse uno, and it was super effective. tattoo guy smile quickly turns to shock as he realizes the trouble he could be in. looks like giuhun just bought a little time for himself. we catch our boy, juno, following a fellow guard into a secret area. we learned that a group of rider hoods has been using a player who is a surgeon to extract and sell the organs of newly deceased players to the black market for some dough. a smart business strategy, if i might add. then juno, who has clearly never played among us, is suspected of being an imposter. you sassy bacca. tell me who you are, unless you want to die. no, you now compromised, juno starts to search for a way out. bingo. he climbs through the hatch and enters a dusty old room full of archives of past squid games. they date all the way back to the 80s. eventually he finds his brother's name. apparently, he was the winner of the 2015 squid game. sus. meanwhile, the surgeon freaks out upon hearing that the red hoods, which have been telling him which game he'll be playing next in exchange for his help, do not know what game they'll be playing next. in response, the surgeon goes rogue. he takes his cable and kills a triangle. but before his kill cooldown can recharge, the other triangle the room tries to fight back. the surgeon runs away, and the triangle gives chase. eventually they run back into the giant playground, where the triangle tries to talk him down, even takes his mask off. hey, dummy, remember what happened to the last guy who did that? fortunately, the discord moderator bans him for disobeying the rules. then he addresses the other goons. i don't care that you guys were selling organs, but you can't be given out unfair advantages. as the front man leaves the scene, his buddies give the surgeon a nice helping of lead. because of the incident. the players are woken up by siren and forced to move to the center of the room. soldiers enter and one of them hassles the now sickled man for chilling in bed. fortunately, gihon comes to his aid. he ain't chilling. he's old. uh oh, peepee. don't worry. gihon is now a master of the bromance arts, and gives the old man a jacket to cover his upsie with. the players are led to their next game, where they must pick one partner to play with. gihon pairs up with our favorite senior citizen. after everyone picks a partner, except for her, they are directed upstairs with the front menace, but the surgeon and his accomplice on display. i guess he left them hanging. bazinga. the next game takes them to a room full of alleyways. each team is handed two bags full of marbles. interesting. this challenge is actually pretty terrifying. and how simple it is. the objective collect all your partner's marbles through a game of your choosing. that's right. the partners will be playing against each other for the right to live. and no violence is allowed. the games start, and each pair starts playing against each other, except for gihon. his partner has gone a little senile, or a lot. eventually he gets them to play a little game of guess how many marbles i have in my sack. i thought all guys had two, but i guess that's just me. gihon eventually gets down to his last marble, but saves himself with the clutch gas. in the background, people start to catch bullets. as the tensions heat up, though, looks like giehun has turned things around, regretfully taking advantage of the old man's declining mental state. our old boy can be seen talking about wanting to buy his son a toy robot for his birthday. i am very sad now, meanwhile, sengwu finds himself on the losing end of a game. though he's got an idea. maybe you could find teams that don't have a winner yet, and we can take their marbles. okay. ellie heads out, but not before leaving his marbles with sang woo for safe keeping. of course. a little bit later, ali returns and looks for his missing partner. as the timer draws near, ellie opens his sack and finds pebbles. oh no, sengwu did our man's dirty ally. the bro who saved giuhun's life has just lost the game. more and more people start to lose their friends of the game, including sabioke, whose partner willingly lost to her, and tattoo guy, who nearly won against one of his goons. back to gihon, he watches as the old man wanders off with his final marble, while recounting how he would watch his son play with his friends. the old man, smiling all the while, gives his final marble to gihon and says, we are best buds, and best buds share everything with each other no matter what. oh, i'm gonna cry giehun walks away as the intercom announces player one eliminated. rip in peace. the next episode starts with the front man requesting a status update on the intruder. juno, find them quickly. the discord nitro users will arrive soon fromman then walks down to his office and makes a phone call in english. weird. he hangs up the phone, and as he is about to leave, he turns around. i know you're here. this isn't how i left my phone. things don't look good for a hiding junho froman gets closer and closer to finding him, but juno is ultimately saved by the radio we found a body on the island coast. front man walks off to check out the body, leaving our favorite detective to breathe a sigh of relief. the players, now cut in half, wobble back into the sleeping quarters to find none other than player 212, the only person who couldn't find a partner last game. this especially affects tattoo guy, who uh had some intimate moments with her. then six men in golden mass arrive to the island, and inside, a seventh called the host, is acknowledged. the front man invites the six masked men called the vips to the facility. apparently they have been digitally watching the game up until this point, on twitch, of course, and are now here to watch the finale in person. even weirder, they all speak english, and most are european and american, hence the size of some of them. one of the vips asked about the whereabouts of the host, and is told that they were unable to attend the game due to an emergency. as the vips entered the spectator area, they see on a screen that player 69 is making a noose with a blanket. turns out one of them bet a lot of money, that he'd win so much for that what convinced you to bet so much on 69. oh, it's such a beautiful number. ah, a man of culture. in another part of the facility, a black mass waiter walks through a hallway and gets held up by juno, who proceeds to steal his drip and tie him up. back at the sleeping quarters, the lights come on as four men cough and dance their way into the room to deal with 69, who is indeed dead. he was unable to live with the guilt having killed his wife in the marbles game. later, the remaining 16 players are led to the penultimate game. each of them choose a number between 1 and 16 and are taken to a room with a glass bridge. the deal with the game is that you have to get to the other side, but there's a catch. there are two pieces of glass on every step. one is tempered and can hold the person, while the other is normal glass. oh, and one more thing. they have to go in numerical order, and it's timed. doesn't look too good for gee hoon, who picks 16. number one starts, and is doing a great job for the most part, as the players try to get across each getting farther and farther before falling. one of the vips makes some moves towards a disguised juno, forcing him to sit next to the tiger mask and get subjected to his weird romantic compliments. what pretty eyes you have. the tiger mask vip tries to get him to take his mask off, but gets rejected, which sends him into a rage. to calm him down, juno asks him to take the two of them to a private place. juno, you dirty dog. wow. really dirty. juno takes off the tiger mask to reveal, oh wow. who could have guessed. rich old guy. if you can satisfy me in five minutes, you might live. now tell me about the game. back to the game. more and more people are falling off, but as they do, the survivors get closer and closer to the end. one guy even starts to pray, holding off everyone else. the guy behind him isn't a big fan and tries to push him off. bruh. luckily, the next guy actually succeeds. the guy who pushed the priest out looks back. it was behind him. tattoo guy, please don't push me off. why would i? you need to cross so i can. finally, the players have been whittled down enough so that gihon can start. but with less than 10 minutes remaining, he better hope that nobody gets cold feet. the guy in front of tattoo guy finally falls, leaving tattoo guy without any backup. because of this, he refuses to move and tells the guy behind him to go ahead or they all die. but that's against the rules. and the guy behind him tries to get him to go, but gets pushed off himself by player 212. uh-oh. looks like you just got the worst possible person behind you. tattoo guy 212 jumps hot to him, holding him tightly. you betrayed me, now die. with that, she launches herself backwards, sacrificing herself to finally kill him. meanwhile, noticing that the tiger mask vip is still not back from his little retreat, frontman calls for someone to check on him, only to be told that he was found unconscious and that the waiter is missing. with this, frontman leaves to look for their intruder. going back into his office, he checks the trap door and sees juno at the bottom, smirking as he leaves with all the evidence in the world to take down the games. now, only four people remain at the glass game, a homeless dude, sang woo, sabiok and gihon. luckily for them, the homeless guy used to be a glass manufacturer. how convenient. because of this, he can tell which pain is tempered and which is not. he uses the strategy to get to the very last plane, and the vip's gawking strategy to counter this, a newly returned front man shuts off the lights to prevent him from looking at the refraction. as the timer hits one minute, the glass manufacturer panics, but he gets a helping hand from sengwu. thank you, sengwu. very cool. the three remaining survivors make it, but the timer runs out, making all of the other planes of glass behind them explode for literally no reason. each of them gets hit by glass, but not too badly, right say the oak. back to juno. the red hoods break into where frontman saw him, only to find nobody there and a diving tank missing. prepare the boat and get ready. after some time, juno makes it to the shore and starts his trek up a giant mountain to find service so he can check tick to, i mean, expose the games in their entirety. he makes it to the top of the mountain, but here's a gunshot in the distance. he turns around to see the front man in his goons who just destroyed his diving tank. oh well, who needs oxygen? anyways, juno sends his police friendly evidence and runs off, while the front man falls in pursuit. he gets cornered on the edge of a cliff and pulls out a revolver. the front man confronts him, do you really think you have the signal to send your evidence all the way out here? if you put your gun down and give me the phone, i might let you live. juno refuses and reads his pistol. but the front man has a fun fact to share, korean police can only hold three shots in their pistol, and you've already fired two. well, that's some anyway, juno posits that that's still more than enough to kill him. the front man takes a step forward and gets a new hole for his troubles. though it doesn't hit anything vital. but nonetheless, from man tells his men to stand down. now out of bullets, juno lowers his weapon. who the hell are you? anyway? the front man takes off his mask to reveal that he's, in fact, juno's brother inho. he offers out his hand, but gets rejected. azino raises his pistol. juno asks one question, brother, why? then inho shoots his brother in the shoulder, and he falls off the cliff, splashing into the waters below. meanwhile, sengwu, sebiok and giehun, the remaining survivors, are escorted back to the sleeping quarters. only three beds remain in the room now, leaving the place completely empty. gehun chastises sangui for killing the man and saying woo. counters saying that he told gihon he would do anything for that money, and that's why clickbait. before anything can come out of their argument, masked men come in and announce that they are the finalists. they brought them some cool suits as a gift. later in the bathroom, sabio tends to her minor flesh wound. she takes out the glass and wraps herself up. don't worry, i'm sure she'll be fine. the three phyllis donned their dripped out suits and enter a luxurious dining room. they all eat their steak, each eyeing one another sus viciously. this reminds me of that one game, can't remember the name though. after they finish their feast, the plates are taken away, and each of them are left with a single knife. afterwards, each player sits at their bed, trying hard not to doze off. kihoon goes over the saboku, who is looking a little worse for wear. he successfully defuses an untrustworthy saviok by showing her that he doesn't mean any harm. they sit down and talk about what they want to do with the money when they get out. she tells him about her brother, who lives in an orphanage. apparently they fled from the north and were separated as sapio didn't have the money to care for him. she tries to get giehun to swear to her that he'll take care of her brother if he wins. but gihon gets distracted by sengu who just fell asleep. as he draws his knife, sabiok falls to her injury, drawing him back to her. he sees her wound and runs to the door, trying to get help. the door surprisingly opens, and gihon is relieved, until he sees that they're carrying a coffin. he slowly turns around to see none other than sangwoo standing over sabjoke with a newly bloodied knife. furious, gehun lunges at sangwoo, but gets tackled before he can take revenge. only two remain, and one final game is yet to be played. oh and by the way, juno actually isn't dead. he was saved by his brother, who removed the bullet from his shoulder. so at least someone had a happy ending. moving on towards the final game, sengwu and giehun flip a coin to choose who plays offense and who plays defense. looks like gihon is on the attacking side. what exactly is the final game? none other than squid game. that's right. the game is named after the show. just kidding. it's the other way around. it's a children's game in korea. the vips watch on from a booth as the two are led back to the first game field where they played, red light, green light. basically, in this game, the attacker, otherwise known as the squid, must run past the defense and tap the area at the top of the arena to win. the defense, on the other hand, must get the attacker outside of the arena by any means necessary. the final catch, any violence is permitted, and they each still have their knives. if one of them dies, the one left standing is the victor. gehen looks at sang with a serious face and proceeds to enter the arena, but not before grabbing a handful of sand. giun hops on one foot, which is a handicap given to the squid. he must hop away until he crosses the squid's neck, whatever the heck that means. sengwu tries to stop kihun from crossing the neck, but before he can get a hit off, he's gifted with the face full of sand. sand gehun crosses the neck with both of his feet. and as the real game begins, the plot god decides to make it rain, creating the perfect dramatic atmosphere. then the two draw their knives and begin to duel. sengu gets his adversary in a choke hold, but gets swiped in the face. in return, gingham retaliates by kicking away his knife, but ends up getting his slapped away just moments later. now the two are left with nothing but their fists. they begin wailing on each other, each getting off solid hits on the other. the vips enjoy their version of ufc as the two brutally fight to the death. eventually, sangwoo finds kihon's knife and stabs him in the leg with it, sending him to the ground. so many played with us, and now they're dead. everyone but us kihoon. as sangwoo prepares for the final hit with the knife, gihon tanks the hit in his hand and uses the time he bought to walking dead sengwu in the ankle. he gets on top of sengwu and beats him down. you killed them. you killed them all. he takes the knife out of his hand and with a final look at his buddy's bloody face, charges the knife down his opponents. wait, gehun, i think you missed. unable to finish the job, he hobbles over to the top of the arena, but before he enters it, he turns around and tells the guard who's about to shoot sangwoo that he wants to end it. as the vips look on in shock. gihyun uses sengwu's strategy and recites clause 3 of their consent form, the game must end if the majority agrees. the masked man radios his revelation to the front man, much to the eye of the vips. he's so close to victory and he wants to end it. i guess rich people don't have morals. looking at you, jeff bezos, gihyun reaches a handout towards sangwoo. he almost accepts, but instead gives gihon the victory by going to heaven. and with that, gihon is the winner of the squid game. the brand new billionaire sits in a limo and, while blindfolded, talks to the front man, who are you anyway? the front man puts his mouse on and lets loose a smelly gas. later, giehun is dumped into the streets, still blindfolded. a holy looking fellow sees the beaten man and unties him. as gehun awakens, he spits out a yellow debit card. he goes to an atm and uses the card to extract 10 000 won. he looks at the machine in awe, reading the number on the screen, 45 gazillion billion, jillion won. congratulations. now you can afford an average ambulance ride in america. afterwards, gihon goes home in search of his mother. he finds her, but she's sleeping. okay, but really, she's gone. rest in peace. we fast forward one year later. it looks like not much has changed for kihun, besides a new look. he meets with a bank manager, but something doesn't seem right. while the bank manager tries to ask him about why he hasn't used any of his fortune, gihon stands up, may i please borrow ten thousand won? the bank manager, confused, gives it to him, and giehun leaves that night. he sits at the edge of the water, looking as if nothing has changed for him. then a woman comes up to him and asks him if he would like a flower. he buys one, and the lady puts it beside him before leaving. but wait, what's with that weird card in the flowers? and why is there a date, time and place on that card with some weird symbols on it? sus time to investigate. gihen enters the building and heads to the seventh floor, where he sees a figure sitting in a hospital bed by the window. but wait, that's not just any figure. that's right. it's kihun's supposed bro tumor boomer, aka illnom. the now bald man greets giuhun, who is just as confused as ever. he realizes that the old man was behind it all, and he begs for answers. ilnam calmly points to a homeless man in the street and makes a game. if someone helps him before midnight, you win. but if nobody helps him before midnight and he dies, i win. however, gihon has played enough games and decides he's tired of the old man. as he's about to ice him, he stops after illness offers an explanation. if giehun plays along, just to be sure, giehun puts up one final bet. if i win, i get to kill you. without a final thought, the pair watched a homeless man as ilnam gives his explanation. basically, while his name and his tumor were real, his status was not. he's actually a wealthy money lender. while he talks, someone could be seen almost helping the man in the street, but instead walks away. illnom continues, i had so much money that life just got boring. my clients all said the same thing eventually. so we decided to make the games to finally have some fun. kihun chastises him, but gets reminded everyone in the game chooses to participate. everyone who came back did so of their own volition. as the clock strikes closer to midnight, the man on the street gets closer and closer to freezing to death. why did you join us in the games? gihon asks, i just wanted to feel something one last time before i expired. dang, this guy had me fooled into rooting for him just so he could have some fun. that's cold, old man, almost as cold as the man on the street, who by now is covered in snow. right before the clock strikes midnight, the man who almost helped him earlier comes back with the police. hurrah, he is saved. as the clock chimes, the tumor finally overtakes the boomer as he flatlines. clearly he is a sore loser after that fiasco. gihon finally decides to use his money. first, he drips himself out, completing his transformation to protagonist by getting some serious anime hair. then he somehow finds sabio's brother and takes him to sangwoo's mom, asking her to take care of him. she accepts, and he gives her a suitcase for the child. she expects her to be closed inside, but instead finds a crap ton of money. and there's a note that reads, this is the money i owe sengwoo. good guy. giehun. later, he gets off a subway train and spots a familiar businessman slapping away. terrified, he races for the businessman, but finds that he's already got it on the train. he then turns to the other man, who has a brown card in his hand. giehun snatches the card from the guy and gives him a nice talking too. later, gehun is about to board a flight to the us. to see his daughter, but he stops hesitating. slowly, he pulls out his phone and makes a call. if you wish to play, state your name and birthdate. give an obliges before saying, i'm not a horse. i am a person. i want to know how you can do such horrible things to people on the other end. frontman answers the phone board that playing player 456. for your own good giehun, now a certified badass, hangs up and turns around, walking away from his plane. huh? guess he's gonna go kick some butt. hey guys, hope you enjoyed the video. i know i'm pretty late to the squid game trend, but i don't give up. 