hi everybody. today i want to recap a buddy cop action comedy movie called let's be cops. hope you enjoy. two longtime friends justin miller, a struggling video game designer, and ryan o'malley, an unemployed, washed-up former college quarterback, recall a pact they once made. if they hadn't made it in los angeles by the time they were 30, they would head back to their columbus hometown. as they leave a bar, their car is hit by a mercedes-benz g500 driven by an albanian gang who intimidate them into not retaliating, justin attempts to pitch a video game about policemen, but the idea is rudely dismissed by his boss, todd. later, ryan convinces him to use the police uniforms from his presentation as costumes for their college reunion party. upon attending, they meet many successful former classmates, and both are confronted with a sense of failure, and they mutually accept to honor their pact. as they walk home, they are treated like real cops and decide to enjoy the gag. freeze. everybody freeze. carry on. everybody. be safe. carry on. what do we have here? do not exhale, man. just keep it in genetics. hell. be cool. even the cops think we're cops. they kick the albanian gang out of georgie's, a local diner. it allows justin to finally get the attention of josie, a waitress to whom he is attracted and who works at georgie's. ryan decides to take the hoax further than one night. he learns official procedures on youtube and buys a used ford crown victoria police cruiser, modifying it with decals to resemble a real lapd car. although reluctant, justin agrees to continue the charade, and through it, begins a relationship with josie. during their many shenanigans, ryan and justin end up on a real distress call with patrol officer sagers, lapd. no, hold it, dude. just take off. all right, we're not gonna chase you. stay right here. we are. gonna pinky swear we will not chase you. he almost did it. the experience shakes justin, who realizes they face serious jail time if exposed. he tries to retire, but gets a phone call from josie about a man frequently harassing her at work. it turns out to be mossy kasich, the leader of the same albanian gang. can i talk to you for a second? my buddy's gonna handle this. okay, that's real steel. listen, you gotta leave her alone now. this is just me talking to you like a regular guy. so i'm a cop. now, you did it again. once more, the pair are intimidated into doing nothing. via seggers, ryan obtained surveillance equipment to gather evidence and put mossy away, along with an unidentified partner who has been investigating the pair. ryan convinces justin to do an undercover operation to obtain information on an incriminating shipment of crates. during the mission, they discover the crates full of swat equipment and weapons, along with secret tunnels that run between mossy's club and georgie's restaurant. this necessitates the acquisition of the restaurant, explaining the blackmail. fed up, justin insists on mailing the evidence anonymously. but ryan, finding purpose in his life again, is set on delivering it personally. they fight, and part ways. ryan brings his evidence to sagers, who recommends it go to the highest authority, which is detective brolin. unfortunately, brolin is actually masi's business partner. after instantly recognizing each other, ryan makes it out of the station, but his sudden threat has blown their cover. meanwhile, justin decides to man up and, in uniform, assertively pitches his game. again, one of brolin's officers shows up to try and kill him, inadvertently helping to sell the pitch. ryan is abducted, and mossy sends a threatening message to justin. overwhelmed, justin pleased to seggers for help. after admitting everything at the georgie's diner, he also confesses to josie that he is not a real cop, which he had made previous attempts to do, and she disgustedly leaves him. justin goes into the tunnels alone, while ryan pits mossy and brolin against each other, [Music], prompting mossy to shoot and kill the detective. justin attempts to save his friend, but is overpowered. saggers arrives, causing mossy and his crew to retreat. sagers admonishes the duo for their deception. and orders them to leave, before going after the mobsters without waiting for backup. ryan and justin agree they can't abandon him and suit up with the swat equipment. [Music] they save sagers, but he becomes incapacitated. [Music]. the pair then face mossy alone, during which the two reconciled. oh. [ __ ]. they fail to take him out, but luckily, seggers is able to show up and shoots mossy on the side of the neck, saving justin and ryan. thanks to the respective confidence and motivation gained during their impersonations, justin has become a successful game developer, while ryan graduates from the police academy as a true, fully fledged member of the lapd. justin apologizes to josie, and after she forgives him, they rekindle their relationship. ryan, however, still has not given up on their fun as cops together, and convinces justin to do the fake uniform once again and join him on patrol. thanks for watching. consider to subscribe and see you again in the next video. 