after two long years, mine hunter is finally returning to Netflix with its second season. it's been a while, so if you need a refresher, we've got you covered. here's everything you need to know about mine hunter season 1 to be prepared for season 2. mind hunter season 1 takes place in 1977, in a time where criminal psychology was in its infancy. FBI Special Agent Holden Ford becomes captivated with the human mind and is curious about how the criminal mind ticks. he teams up with fellow agent, built in ch and psychology professor Wendy Carr, to originate the FBI's behavioral science unit. throughout season one, the team conducts interviews with imprisoned murderers, even coining the serial killer term in the hopes that their findings on criminal thinking will lead to breakthroughs in future cases. real-life serial killers that give fictionalized interviews in season 1 include Richard Speck, Jerry brudos, monney Russell and most notably, Ed Kemper. kippur is the most pivotal and influential killer that the team, and in particular, Holden, interview for their study. the curious and obsessive interplay between holdman Kemper is a pivotal cornerstone for the series, and Kimber's musings are the most influential in solving active cases. using key indicators like a rough upbringing and an over willingness to talk to the police, Holden and tench are able to solve crimes, but it doesn't mean that justice is always served. they're working against a justice system that isn't changing as quickly to the times as they are, and begin to feel frustrated by the lack of overall progress. as the season and research progress, Holden grows more and more confident in his work, although it begins to border on obsessive and detrimental. he discusses sensitive topics with little thought and speaks to the worst criminals and ways that alarm those with outside perspectives. bill tries to rein Holden in, but it may be too little, too late. the unit is put under investigation by internal affairs when they try to cover up the vulgar language Holden uses to get serial killer Richard Speck to open up when being questioned by Internal Affairs agents. holdin his borderline antagonistic the research and its finding, no matter how well-meaning the intentions were beginning to get to Holden's head. he begins sabotaging his own personal relationships, causing his girlfriend, Debbie to break up with him, an act that barely phases him. this all culminates in a gang busters finale were EDM / attempts to commit suicide and lists Holden as his emergency contact. Holden goes to visit with Kemper, but the entire power dynamic between the two men has shifted. Kemper is freer to roam in his hospital room that he was in an interrogation room. and it's only now that Holden begins to realize just how dangerous this man really is. Kippur is not just cold data in a research case. he was a cold-blooded killer. it doesn't hit until now that the entire time Holden had been interviewing Kemper, he was staring into the eyes of pure evil. Holden leaves kippers room, but collapses onto the ground and has a full-blown panic attack. and that is where we leave things in season one. oh, and throughout season one were quick and short teases of someone who is revealed to be the BTK killer. season 2 is said to focus mainly on the Atlanta murders from 1979 to 1981. and the BTK killer wasn't caught until 2005. so there's no telling how much these teases might factor into the season 2 plot. what did you think of season 1? what were your favorite moments? what are you looking forward to seeing in season 2? let me know in the comments below. like this video, subscribe for more and I'll see you in the next one. 