welcome to the man of recaps. this is His Dark Materials, episode six. so lyre has been captured and brought to bold Angkar, where they've got all the missing kids hanging out, including her best friend Roger. every day they call in a kid to go to the back room, and they never come back. during a fire drill, which is something they bother having at this blackops kidnapping, illegal testing site, fire, and Roger gets a talking she tells him, hey, we got a bust on out of here. let's start ourselves a snowball fight. whoa, yeah. causing a riot. it's always the best distraction. they sneak through trying to find the way out, but instead they find the back room where there's a bunch of cages of demons without kids. in the other room they find the respective kids without demons. and yeah, like Billy Costa, they're just kind of like shells. they don't seem to react to anything. now, in airships coming in, its mrs. Coulter Larry's like, hey girls, you got to hide me. that's my mom. she'll recognize me. so she gets some of the bed and grabs onto the rugs, pulls herself up, that's a really hard thing to do. that's like, requires really good core strength. but all that work was for nothing, because liar is chosen to be the first new kid to be inter season. it's looking bleak for our hero. she and Pat are shoved into these cages, and there's a guillotine ping actually, between them. but when mrs. Coulter comes in, Lyra's screamin at her mother. mrs. Coulter hits that stop button and saves Lyra. she takes her back to her room, like, I'm so sorry, Lyra, I would never do that to you. liar is like, but you would do it to all these other kids. and mrs. Gulch is like, yeah, that doesn't bother me. she explains more about why they're doing the inter station. remember, it's all about dust. this goes back to Lord Asriel presentation in Episode one, how he took the photos and the human was like, all surrounded by dust, but the kid, it wasn't on him yet. the Magisterium thinks of dust as like a manifestation of sin. they figure maybe separating the demons from the kids before they hit puberty, the dust will never settle on them. and they'll be able to live happily forever after in a sin free world. I mean, sure, that sounds kind of nice. and you see, mrs. Coulter really believes in this. she believes she's doing the right thing. but clearly, kidnapping and experimenting on kids, a lot of them die. the others end up as shells sheet a bad guy. she also knows Lyra has the Alethea matera she got from Jordan College. it's like, hey, him that on over. of course, Lyra was kidnapped in her pajamas with no, there's no way she has it on her oh, no, I guess she does. wait a minute, rewind that. where did she pull that out of? it's alright, I'll forgive them that plot contrivance, I guess. wait a minute, what is this tin? it's like sealed shut. oh, that's not the aleady ometer. yeah, that's the spy fly that mrs. Coulter sent dad. are attacking. now causes a commotion, and Lyra runs out. this is a great moment, actually, yes. mother and daughter on opposite side of the door is just primally screaming at each other. I'm still trying to figure out why Lyra had that on her while she was sleeping. anyway, Larry hits that fire alarm and grabs the kids. it's time to bust out of here. she still doesn't know where the exit is, and they are, in fact, guarded by these tar tars. luckily, who's flying in on a balloon had Slee Scoresby and Egyptians. they got there just at the right time, and it's a big ol fight happening. whoa. the Egyptians look to be in trouble. but wait, there's more reinforcements coming. oh, it's the witch. and boom. she's like, teleport around stabbing dudes. humble. that's pretty cool. seen. definitely want to have the witches on your side. so the day is saved. the kids are rescued, except some of them have been sniped from their demons. Lima is like, hey, good job everyone. you've completed your main quest, but I've still got to keep going and rescue my father. lord has real she hops in the balloon, taking her friend Roger with her, and also the armored bear, who looks like he's way too heavy for a balloon ride. but I guess they make it work. but that night there's weird noises around. and oh, what's this little some sort of bat monsters there. cliff gasps and, yeah, they make really scary noises. actually, he scores me shooting them all up. it's gonna be okay, except Lyra accidentally unlatches the door. what? she falls out the balloon. you gotta be careful with latches on your balloon. they need to be like, super locked up when you're in flight, please. reaching down to rest your butt. oh, hello. IRA falls down into the darkness. and that's how episode six comes to an end. if you like my recaps, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 