welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy whose puns always crease people up with a crap sense of humor. and this video, we're breaking down 75 easter eggs in koba kai. obviously, full spoilers ahead here. so if you weren't one of the seven billion people to binge watch this in one day, then i highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this each and every day. and please show some mercy by clicking the thumbs up button without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the breakdown. okay. so the season opens with a news report that talks about the fight at all valley high from the ending of season 2. in it, we see a character known as leonard johnson being interviewed, and he says that he thought karate died out in the 80s. this is a fourth wall breaking comment, as karate kid was popular during the 80s, and it's seen a revival in recent years because of this show. cut to johnny in a bar, and he ends up having an argument with two guys, and this makes him punch through one of their car windows everyone's favorite, nice guy and staple of society, john crees actually did something similar in karate kid 2 when trying to attack mr miyagi. the next school easter egg happens when daniel goes to the school parents teacher conference. during it, the parents and panel are slamming karate, and when daniel tries to defend it, a voice comes in and says, i heard you were the real bully. this is actually the voice of cobra, kaiko created your shield. i think it's playing up the fan theory that basically says that dany was the bully. this has been online for a couple of years now, and it's seen as something that inspired the show to tackle a lot of the themes that it did in the first season. now, whether you agree with that or not, daniel was definitely bullied in high school, and at one point the cobra gang wore skeleton costumes. tori also done's a skeleton hoodie throughout the season, showing thematically that she is very much taking on the position of johnny, while sam takes on dany's huge. shout outs to superhero nexus for sending me that. and i think it just laces the show with a lot more subtext. amanda actually calls tori freddy krueger, and this is because in that final fight, she, of course, used claws. after johnny is arrested, he's taken to a cell where a man shows him his foot and asks if it looks infected. this might be a reach, but i think it's a nod to some 41 who made an album of the same name the band of big karate kid fans, and even tweeted ones that ralph macchio better return for the reboot. jump to daniel journey into cobra kai, and we see a sign that says, fear does not exist in this dojo. kris actually said this to his students in the first film, and it's very much a mantra of how he sees things. there's also a cardboard cutout of the character, which i think is sort of playing on the one that was present in the first movie. kris also tries to mess with daniel's mind a bit by saying that he doesn't blame robbie for the fight, as there's no such thing as a bad student. mr miyagi used to say that there's no such thing as a bad student. only a bad teacher. and daniel has also uttered this throughout the season, showing just how well that crease knows his enemies. daniel says he's not gonna fight him, but crease says it's inevitable. and this could be a play on the fan joke that creases a cross between thanos and david hasselhoff. hey, there's worse people to be compared with, namely me. now, chris also says that he will finish it. and though this might, again be a bit of a reach, it could be a call back to him telling johnny to finish daniel at the end of the first movie. this is, of course, something that never happened, and it's led to this decade spanning rivalry that's ruined everyone's lives, but it's made netflix a lot better, let's be honest. now, in the opening of episode 2, we catch a bully arriving at a diner with his friends. he says his car is a piece of junk and that he's going to get rid of it. and of course, this would end up becoming mr miyagi's now, this bully is deliberately put in place to make you think that it's a young john crease. to make this even more apparent, the bully is actually played by jesse covey, aka martin covey's son. now, the car appears throughout the series, and during episode 3, daniel talks about how it was a present from mr miyagi. this is a good example of art imitating life, as the studio actually gave ralph the call when filming wrapped. this bully tells his friend that you can't show people mercy. and is, of course, a mantra that crease would adopt, making the misdirect even more misdirectional, if that's even a word. now, when fighting them outside, crease sweeps one of the gang's legs. and this is something that he would tell johnny to do in karate kid1. this sweep the leg tactic is later used at the church when johnny goes to see his old buddy. opal episode 3 is called now you're gonna pay, which is what johnny said to daniel during the skeleton halloween fight. that the tory hoodie links back to. we catch robbie reading lord of the flies. and this book is basically about a gang of kids creating a new society in which they have certain rules in order. the kids are pretty much running amok at all valley high so maybe this is a reference to that. now, johnny goes to a job interview and has to admit to assaulting miners, which is, of course, a nod to his fight in the first season, during which he saved miguel. jump to episode 4, and we see the kobra kai kids trying to kick a bonsai tree off the top of a post. though hawk gets around this. bonsai trees are, of course, synonymous with mr miyagi, so kris getting them to do this further hammers home that miyagido and daniel are the enemy. hawk also does some football tricks, which are very similar to what daniel did in the first film. this idea of football and, and yeah, i'm calling it that and not soccer, don't at me, is laced throughout the episode, and it even leads to a big fight on the pitch, which further ties back to this easter egg. cobra kai also show up on motorbikes at the fundraiser, and this could be a nod to how they arrived on the beach in the first film. daniel also reunites with an old flame, who says that many tried to marry her, but none of them fought to the death. which is, of course, a reference to the fight that we see playing out in flashbacks. the pair go for a drink, and you might notice the ice cube holder, which looks very similar to the ice blocks that daniel had to break in karate kid 2. now this bit kind of segues across episode 4 and 5. and greece visits robbie and calls him son. i really wish he was my dad. however, he does tell him about his real father, namely, the time he drew a kid named vidal at the old valley. vidal won the 1981 tournament, but from that point onward, cobra kai dominated. this is actually part of the law that led up to the first film. and the actor behind vidal is credited with coming up with the crane technique. this martial arts master even doubled for mr miyagi at points during the film, so it's great that they're still giving him little nods here and there. chris tells robbie that the mumbo jumbo mr miyagi teaches might score on some points in the tournament, but that it's completely useless when used in real life. as we know from the films, cobra kai were big bullies outside of the ring, and used to be a lot of people up. however, dany managed to beat them in the tournament, which does kind of solidify that creases sort of telling the truth here. episode 4 and 5 has a return of the villain, chosen, but he becomes a good guy and actually tells daniel about the secrets to the pressure point technique, which is something that is laced throughout karate. i kind of feel like this is going to end up becoming the key to defeat increasing karbaka in season 4, but obviously let me know below if you have any other theories. daniel also uncovers a document that details the crane technique, which is something that, of course, popped up time and time again in the franchise. now you might notice that in these flashbacks a little one-handed drum is used, and miguel actually picks one of these up at miyagi doe. in episode nine, chozin gets danny back for honking his nose in the kill moment. and it's a hilarious little callback, even if you haven't seen the original there's also the 1988 swimsuit edition, which no doubt got johnny through some lonely nights without ali. you might want, we might not want to read that if the pages are stuck together. miguel. now, during the fun house fight, hawk breaks, yes, he breaks dimitri's arm. now, it's pretty brutal. and this is actually riffing on the miguel and robbie fight from the end of season 2. miguel could have done it, but instead he let robbie go, which led to him getting kicked over the railing. hawk doesn't leave anything to chance, and he breaks dimitri's arm, showing what could have happened to robbie had miguel have not been such a nice guy. now at the end of the episode, we also see a return of the sign fear does not exist in this dojo. when amanda goes to kobakai, she calls chris rambo. and carvey was actually in rambo first blood part two. so this is a nice little nod to his prior work greece. also says, i'll like that, which is something that he did in the first film. in episode 6, we also see miguel's rehabilitation. and to me, this is sort of riffing on the real life story of bruce lee. in 1969, bruce injured his back because he didn't warm up properly. this caused a lot of nerve damage, and he was actually told he could never practice martial arts again. however, lee healed, and over time, he went on to have the massive career that we all know him for. this journey is, of course, very similar to the one that miguel travels on. so i think they're kind of hinting here where things could possibly go in the future. we also catch danny and sam out fishing, and they talk about the time that sam lin balance. this is a reference to a similar scene in the first film when mr miyagi took dany out in a boat. daniel takes her to where the old valley tournament is and says that this is where he almost lost to fear. this is a big reference to the karate kid 3, which this season is clearly paying homage to. and i do kind of get the feeling that it's going to pay off even more in the next one. now, this season itself is actually littered with the villain from that namely terry silva. and for all those who are still in doubt whether the soldier is him or not, he's actually named dropped in the vietnam scenes. i kind of have a theory that silva actually started to done a ponytail as a tribute to his fallen friend. but, yeah, whether that's true or not, i really don't know. but alongside kris, silva was, of course, one of the big bads. and mike barnes was their student, which made danny almost lose to fear. not to go off too deep on the fan theories, but there are some that think tory will be revealed as being related to silver or bonds, but that still remains to be seen. we also see who krislin martial arts from, and his techniques are actually repeated in the karate kid johnny creates eagle fan karate. and even wears a red jacket at one point, which looks very similar to the one that you wore in the first film. i cut to episode 8, and this entry is called the good, the bad and the badass, which is, of course, a play on the film the good, the bad and the ugly. hey, they can't all be multi-layered easter eggs. yeah, just just let me have some easy ones. now, in this daniel says that mr miyagi used to tell him that if you're looking for revenge, you can start by digging two graves. not only did the characters say this in the first film, but this saying dates back to ancient chinese philosopher, confucius. the philosopher is credited with saying, seek revenge, and you should dig two graves. so it's clear this idea of doing things to get even are not laced in miyagi's teachings at all. jump to episode 9, titled feel the night. and this is actually a song from the soundtrack of the first film. it could be heard in the background of daniel and ali's first day at golf and stuff, which is mirrored here when johnny takes her out. you might also remember this location from the first season, as it's the same place that miguel and sam went for their first date before applying to ali. we can also see in johnny's messages that the names shane keller and mallory young appear amongst them. shane and mallory are both producers on kobakai, so this is a nice little nod to the creative team behind the series. ali's parents house is also exactly the same to how it was in the first movie. but hey, who wouldn't want to live there forever? now, not long after, sam says, it's not 1984 to a dad. and this is a reference to the air of the first film's release. speaking of that movie, johnny admits that he screwed up and not only ruined ali's friendship, but also her radio. johnny actually did this in the first movie, and it's one of the reasons that ali probably ended up with dany. radios weren't cheap back then. now, ali also jokes about punching him in the face, which you may remember from the first film. and hey, maybe she was the bully the whole time. now, when miguel meets daniel during this entry, they also discuss several moments from the first movie. this includes the illegal kick which danny used on johnny, something that's still up for debate, and his mention of the water hose incident, which, of course, is another one of danny's less less friendly moments. maybe he was the buddy after all. now, johnny arrives at the country club to find ally talking to dany. the position of this is very similar to the first film, except that the roles were reversed, with dany being the one who discovered them. however, unlike dany, johnny doesn't get covered in spaghetti. now this is actually referenced in the next episode, in which your waiter almost spills several bowls over his white suit. this is the first time that danny and ali have met in several decades, and she says that it's funny that this is the place the pair bumped into each other. now, episode 10 is called december 19th, and this is the day of the all valley tournament in the first film, however, where is that saw dany and johnny facing off against each other? this entry sees them joining up at the end, showing that things have come full circle. throughout the episode, hawk wears a red jacket, and this could be a call back to johnny's and it does sort of hint at the journey he goes on in this episode, realizing that kris is the bad guy. we see where chris got the idea of cobras from. and using them as a symbol could even be him conquering his fear and deeply rooted ptsd, the season ends with crease calling what i presume is silva. but obviously, let me know your thoughts below, and whether you agree with me or not. and you better agree with me or the bloody mouse gets it. anyway, that wraps up our list. and i just want to give a huge shout out to everyone who commented on our last video and dropped some of these easter eggs. i know there'll be a ton in this that i missed, so if you spotted some that i didn't, then please drop them in the comments below as a thank you for interacting with the video. you'll actually get entered into a prize draw for a copy of both the hobbit and lord of the rings 4k box set, which we'll be announcing on the 30th of january. like i said, you just have to make sure you subscribe to the channel with notifications on and leave a comment below. and hey, you entered into the prize draw. now, the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers if you just want to come chat to me, then the links to our socials are in the description and you can also support the channel by clicking the join button as a thank you. you get videos like this early. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the ending of cobra kai season 3, which will be linked on screen right now. we go over all the ins and outs of the series, so it's definitely worth checking out if you have any questions on where things could be going. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul, and i'll see you next time. and remember, no mercy strike first. just said you 