hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the brilliant fantasy, action horror movie called underworld. if you haven't seen it, then you're in for a treat. warning, guys, spoiler alert. yes, i'm afraid. i'm going to spill the facts about what the movie is about, including all the best bits, of which there are many. but that's half the fun with my recaps, at least you can then decide whether you want to watch the whole movie or not. let's start with some background. 1 400 years ago, vampires had decided that the best way to ensure the survival of their species was for the three elders, victor, marcus and amelia, to leapfrog through time, one ruling while the other two slept, each being awakened at their appointed time according to a never to be broken covenant. one thousand years ago, during the reign of victor, of the oldest and strongest of the elders, the vampire lichen war began. six hundred years ago, craven set the great blaze which killed lucian, the leader of the lykans. craven brought back a brand cut from lucian's arm as proof of his death, a d which earned craven high favor with victor, who put craven in charge of their coven. the great blaze caused the lycans to scatter. vampire death dealers armed with silver bullets and shuriken have been picking lycans off one by one until very few remain present time, three death dealers, selene, ridgel and nathaniel, follow two lycans into a subway station in an unnamed european city. a fiery gun battle ensues in which ridgel is killed, one of the lycans gets away, and nathaniel comes up missing. in the chaos, celly makes two discoveries. one, the lycans have devised an ultraviolet bullet that can kill vampires. in two, there appears to be a large band of lykans amassing under the subway. selling hurries back to alert the vampires at craven's luxurious mansion that sits on the outskirts of the city, but they are more interested in the clothes they are going to wear at tonight's formal party with the coven from across the great ocean in celebration of the upcoming awakening of marcus by emilia, the current reigning elder, not interested in her forthcoming festivities. selden views some digital photos rachel took of the lichens and notices that they appear to have been following a human. a computer search reveals the human as michael corvin, intern at local hospital. meanwhile, the wounded lichen has returned to the like and den with the bad news that he lost the candidate he was tailing, as well as to have the silver bullets ensure it can dug out his body so that he can regenerate. selene pays michael corbin's apartment a visit. while snooping, she overhears a phone message about his involvement in some shootout. now convinced that she is right about the lycan stalking michael, she tries to interrogate him, just as his apartment is raided by a pack of lichens. while sully holds them off, michael escapes in the elevator, but the door is open to a face-to-face confrontation with lucian, the current leader of the lycans. selene attempts to shoot lucia, but he is intent on fighting michael and spitting the blood into a vial, which he takes to singe, the likened doctor who has been researching humans with the last name of corbin so far with negative results. he analyzes michael's blood and pronounces it positive. selene and michael make a getaway together in her car, but selling gets stabbed in the shoulder by lucian as he chases after their car. she has lost a lot of blood. as a result, she passes out. the car flips over and lands into a river. michael saves her, binds her wound and passes out himself. when selene awakens, he takes the unconscious michael back to the vampire's mansion, incurring the wrath of craven, who wants celine to be his future queen and is jealous that she seems smitten with michael. when michael finally comes to, he is face to face with fellow vampire erika, who realizes that michael has been bitten and is becoming likened. erica leaves to the ceiling and starts hissing at him. terrified, michael jumps out a window and escapes the vampire's mansion. although it is forbidden to delve into the past. selin decides to do a little reading about the history of the vampire like in war, particularly the chapter on the fall of lucian. she notices that the lucian in one of the pictures is wearing the same medallion that she noticed the current lucian wearing during the fight at michael's apartment. could he and the lucian that craven supposedly killed 600 years ago be one and the same? could craven and lucian be conspiring together? could the fact that the lycans are amassing near the vampire coven mean an attack on the vampires? but erica informs selene that michael has been bitten and is turning like and selene has heard enough against the covenant rules. selling decides to awaken victor and ask for his guidance. michael has begun having hallucinations and wants to know what's happening to him. selling takes him to their likened interrogation room in the city so that he can hide for the night. she also gives him the good news he has been bitten by a lycan, and during the next four morning will turn into one the hallucinations, she tells him, are memories passed and from lucian. when michael asks excelling why she cares about what's happening to him, you intend to bite me too? seline explains that the lycanvirus and the vampire virus are incompatible, and no one has ever survived a bite by both species. when michael asks her why she hates lycan so much, she tells in how lycan slaughtered her entire family and how victor arrived just in time to save her from the same fate. victor made her a vampire and then raised her like his own daughter. selling then handcuffs michael to a chair, gives him a gun with silver bullets and advises him to use it on himself if she isn't back by tomorrow. night, after selene arrives back at the mansion, victor has fully awakened and is being briefed by craven. when victor learns that he's been awakened a full century ahead of schedule. he has lived. not even selling's attempts to explain her findings appease him. in fact, victor basically tells seline to let craven handle this and that she will be judged by the council for breaking the covenant. craven locks sully in her room. the next night, it is the night of the full moon. it is time for amelia's train to arrive, and craven has ordered soren and his team to fetch her. and the council members. erica, was wanted to be craven's mate for a long time, cuts the power to the main gate, allowing selling to run to michael. selene releases michael, but they are attacked by lykans. settling stays to fight while michael jumps out a window. when michael lands on his feet some five or six stories below, he is immediately captured by lycans posing as cops on the way to the like and dead, michael begins the change. the likens pull over and they dose michael with an enzyme to stop the change. selene has captured singed and brings him to victor where singh is forced to explain how, for years, the lycans have been trying to combine the bloodlines. they've been testing descendants of alexander corginus, a 5th century hungarian war ward who was the sole survivor of a plague that ravaged his village and turned him into the first immortal. from corbinus's offspring, one became the vampire line, one became the liken line, and one remained human, but carried the imprint of the original immortality virus hidden in its genetic code, in dormant form and passed down through the ages to michael. corbin lucian plans to inject himself with blood taken from michael and from a powerful vampire elder, creating hybrid both lycan and vampire was stronger than both. concerned that emilia has not yet arrived, a group of vampires are sent to find out what's taking so long. they find that emilia and the council members have all been assassinated, having been bitten by lycans. in addition, amelia's blood has been totally drained. when victor finds out, he orders selling to kill michael. meanwhile, michael is being held at the lycan den, where his visions have suddenly become clear. he now knows what started the vampire like in war many years ago, lykans were the slaves for vampires, but it was forbidden for vampires and likens to return eyes. lucian and victor's daughter, sonia, fell in love and made it, creating a hybrid child that victor would not allow. so he placed sonia, his own daughter, in the sun, where she poured to a crisp while lucian was made to watch his own daughter burn alive. just for loving me, says lucian poignantly. and victor has spent the last 600 years exterminating the lichen species so the bloodlines will never blend. craven knows he's been found out. he was indeed in league with lucian. together, they planned lucian's death 600 years ago so that lucian could lay low. now the agreement is for craven to gain control of both covens by obtaining an iron-clad peace treaty with the lycans, while lucian gets revenge on victor. now time to knock off a few main characters. the vampires, along with celine khan and victor, storm the likened dead in a climactic battle. craven shoots lucian with a silver nitrate bullet, a silver is in liquid form, so that it will go directly into the lycan's blood streams and cannot be dug out. when michael tries to escape, he is also shot by craven. as michael lays using silver nitrate from his wounds, craven tells selling the true story about her dark father, victor. her family wasn't killed by lykans, but by victor himself. seeing she didn't like the taste of livestock very much, so once in a while, he would engorge himself on human blood. since sully reminded him of sonja, he spared her and raised her as his own. selene is stunned when craven demands that selling go with him. she refuses. as he's about to shoot michael again. the dying lucian runs a sword through craven's leg and tells selene to bite michael. half empire, half-lichen, they're stronger than both. selene does it. craven finishes off lucian. [Music]. michael turns into a hybrid. and after michael and victor fight for a while, selling cuts off victor's head. [Music]. as selling flees the scene of the battle, she finds herself in a tough situation. she is now to be hunted by both her own people and lichens too. the end, don't forget to subscribe. see you again soon. 