there are no shocking images, no dramatic scenes, but whoever watches this film has a bit of a flutter. every sentence, every line is expensive. details, in particular, when they are written into lyrics, resounded with the same tones, all depict more clearly than ever the romantic, but tragic love story of the beautiful prostitute, sateen and the poor writer, christian. the motif may sound familiar, but believe me, you won't waste your time when watching this movie. released in 2001, moulin rouge successfully took away the tears of the audiences by its story. the film is also rated by film critics as one of the best musical theater films of the century, after romeo and juliet. up to now, moulin rouge is still a monument of the musical and the musical genre. christian is a depressed young writer who followed the bohemian regional movement of the 1900s. when he moved to the mont martra district paris, he met a group of performers led by toulouse lartek. here they recognized his talent, which helped them complete their proposed program spectacular spectacularly, this group wanted to sell this program to harold ziddler, the owner of the moulin rouge pub. they planned to let christian approach satine, the golden bird of zidler, and persuade her to ask her boss to buy this work. on the other hand, sidler and satine were also plotting a life-changing plan with the rich duke monroe, a potential investor for their pub. hot, beautiful female prostitute, sateen had a burning passion for acting, and she wanted to become a movie star. in addition to the musical aspects, lines and images, one element brings success to the movie, which must be mentioned here, is the actress, nicole kidman, with a beautiful, hot body that makes it hard for viewers to take their eyes off the screen. on the night of the festival, sateen confused christian as a duke. she danced with him and allowed him to go into a private room to talk. when she found out he was just a poor rider, that's when the duke monroe appeared. though satine did her best to help christian escape, they were caught seeing his crush lying next to another man. the duke was furious. at this point, sateen and christian were forced to lie that they were rehearsing for the play. spectacular. spectacular. with the help of ziddler, to lose in the troop, they pitched the show to the duke and improvised a plot about an evil maharajah attempting to woo an indian courtesan who loves a poor sitar player. the duke backed the program on the condition that he only made courts a team. but fate made christian and satine meet and fall in love. when the pub turned into a theater, they often met for the reason of rehearsal. seeing satine and christian too close, duke monroeth became jealous. he threatened to stop sponsoring the show. zidler arranged for satine to eat with the duke, but she fell ill from tuberculosis. ziddler told the duke monroe that satine had gone to confession and was unable to come. sidler learned from satine's doctor that she didn't have much longer to live, but kept this hidden from both sateen and christian. at the same time, after discovering their love, ziddler asks a teen to end with christian. she went to see the handsome writer and told him that their relationship endangered the show. but he wrote a song to affirm their love. once nene, a jealous geisha, revealed to the duke that the play was a metaphor for christian. satine and the duke, realizing that there was a conspiracy here, the duke demanded the ending to be changed to the courtesan, choosing the maharajah. satin offered to spend the night with him to keep the original in at the duke's quarters. satine saw christian on the streets below and realized she could not sleep with the duke. the duke attempted to rape her, but she was saved by the dancer, les chocolat. christian urged the team to run away with him. the duke told ziddler he would kill christian if sateen was not his. zidler warned satan, but she refused, until ziddler revealed that she could not live much longer. if she ran away with christian, this would only bring the young rider death. and satine compromised, she went to christian and said bitter words that hurt him very much. christian tried following her, but was denied entry to the moulin rouge and became depressed, even though toulouse insisted that sateen loved him. the night of the show, christians sneaked into the moulin rouge intended to pace a team to return his love, just as the duke paid for her. he confronted satan backstage, and suddenly they found themselves in the spotlight. zidler convinced the audience that christian was the disguised sitar player. he denounced the team and walked off the stage. [Music], i paid my heart at this point from the rafters to lose. cried out, the greatest thing you'll ever learn. [Music], aforementioned spurts the sateen to sing the song christian wrote to express their love. christian returned to the stage and joined with her in the song. the duke's bodyguard tried to kill christian, but was thwarted by zipper. the duke stormed out of the cabaret as christian and satine completed their song. after the curtain closed, sateen succumbed to tuberculosis. before she died, christian and satine affirmed their love. she told him to write their story a year later, the moulin rouge had closed out and was left in disrepair. and christian finished writing the tale of his love for satine, a love that will live forever. the film has an excellent reenactment of a romantic love story in the heart of the magnificent city of paris in the late 19th century. the beautiful love of a handsome rider and a beautiful prostitute does not have a beautiful ending. their love has overcome other forces, but cannot conquer their faith. on the other hand, aside from mourning the romantic love story, i also find the earl of monroth pitiful. as the ruling class at that time, he could easily find other beautiful girls. however, in the movie, we see him always having only a crush on the ambitious, beautiful prostitute. and in the end, the story between the three people cannot entire with anyone 