welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka the bad who's about to break down the first episode of the new star wars, clone wars spin-off. to celebrate, may the fourth be with you, disney plus has just dropped the first episode, which will be seeing its follow-up come friday. the 70-minute epic has a lot to unpack from it, and throughout this video, we'll be discussing all the ins and outs of its plot, the easter eggs, things you missed and what might be happening next time. now i know a lot of you are jumping on here as a starting point after missing the clone wars, so if you need a catch-up, i thought i'd do a quick character breakdown on everyone in this squad. as you can probably tell, the bad batch are clones of jango fett. but you might notice that they have different features and characteristics as opposed to the typical grunts. because django's dna strain was repeatedly used over and over, it meant that it became somewhat diluted. and thus the kamino cloners experimented on certain batches in order to see if they could make improvements to them. the group itself is made up of hunter, who is the leader of the team. he's pretty much the rambo of the bad batch, who's able to see electromagnetic frequencies. next is rekka, who is british and strong. and juxtaposing him is tech, who is a nerd. he's such a nerd. there's also crosshair, who is an expert marksman. and lastly is echo. now whilst echo looks like one of sid's toys in toy story, that's because he's been through a lot. he gained the nickname echo because at the training academy, he used to repeat every order upon being given it. he worked alongside captain rex, and ekko was apparently killed during the battle at the citadel. however, we discovered in season seven of the clone wars that he was actually kept in stasis, and his mind was harvested by the separatists. through him, they gained strategies and formations in order to help them in the war. and the bad batch in rex ultimately ended up rescuing him. now the episode itself starts off with the title screen for the clone wars. this is red hinting towards how the saga ended with vader and palpatine carrying out order 66. but the show itself actually picks up in the midst of the final battle of that saga. now the card then burns away to showcase the bad batch in imperial grey. however, there are touches of the rebel burgundy in there to hint at what direction we will be going with the group. the episode is called aftermath, and it starts off with a propaganda reel, much in the same vein that all the clone wars episodes did. i absolutely love these touches, and i'll let you know that this was a direct continuation of what had come before. the last time we saw the bad batch, they were rescuing echo. but we joined them on kolar in an assault being led by jedi master depa billaba. if this is your first time jumping onto the show, then you might recognize the character from the prequel trilogy. she actually served on the jedi council when qui-gon announced that he believed that anakin skywalker was the chosen one. and she has appeared throughout the saga. it's at this point where we introduced to her padawan, caleb doom who has served at his side for many years. he looks very similar to when we last saw him, and he's brought the bad batch along for the fight. i'll be talking about what he goes on to be later on, but he's a very important character in this show. and rebels. these guys need a big introduction, and they get one through rolling a bowler down a hill that takes out a large battalion of battle droids, so that they can swoop in and do what they do best. now, they're referred to as clone force 99, because they were the 99th batch of troopers using jango fett's dna. as you can see. if you're having dna problems, i feel bad for you, son. i got 99 clone forces and the batch is one hit me. now, they use the weight of the armored assault tanks against them, and much like how luke did with the 8080s, they apply cables to their hull in order to destroy them. wrecker pushes one over the edge, and this demonstrates just how strong he is compared to a regular clone. after the battle, the batch leave with caleb. but before we can celebrate the win, order 66 is sent out throughout the galaxy by palpatine. because the batch were given different strains of dna, the control chip implanted in their brains cannot fully override their free will. thus they don't carry the complete mindless drone mentality. that means they follow orders without question. speaking of following orders without question, it's at this point that you will carry out the order to like, comment, subscribe, and by my merch. now, there are other characters in the clone wars who too resisted this order, including captain rex. watch the last four episodes of the clone wars season seven if you want to see the arc play out, as well as the socatanos and where we last saw her, before, the mandalorian in the woods, the batch go looking for caleb, and crosshair, believing orders are orders, tries to kill him at several points. hunter takes a different approach though, and just as confused as caleb is, he tries to talk him around. instead, he flees, and the character would actually go on to become kanan, a big player in the series rebels, who ended up training ezra bridget. hunter states that he stunned the character and he died whilst jumping over the waterfall. but crosshair suspects that this is a lie, and even scans the area to check. i believe that he saw footprints on the other side of the ravine and knows that caleb survived, but let me know if you disagree. they return to camino and are approached by a pair of alpha 3 nimbus class viewing star fighters, which are slightly different in design to the v-wing airspeeder. yeah, make sure you remember the difference. yeah. wouldn't want you looking any dumber than you already do. now, the clones are just smurfing around, and with the war over, they're moving on to the next phase of the imperial takeover. the hunters, shock. they've got shock troopers on deck, and the bodies of the jedi are being silently snuck out, like when you try and get a one-night stand past your parents. clearly, the divide between them and the regular grunts is starting to grow. although echo was originally part of these because of the experimentation that was carried out on him, he doesn't feel the need to give into this pre-programming. we can also see that he's wearing an aj cyborg construct similar to the character lobot from the empire. strikes back, perhaps highlighting why he is able to advance beyond the typical grunts. palpatine holds a school assembly, and this has echoes of several dictator speeches from history. he announces the creation of the galactic empire, which will pretty much enforce a police state in the galaxy that all must answer to. the republic is now officially a dictatorship in which there will be no democracy, and palpatine will be able to rule without question. the jedi will be hunted down and destroyed. but clearly this doesn't sit well with the bad batch, who now view their peers as being mindless idiots who will happily follow a lie, lots of political subtext in it. and in the next scene, the character amiga, greets the bad batch, saying that she's a big fan. she's a curious medical assistant, and we know from the trailers that she's gonna play a big role in the show. hunter states that the day keeps getting weirder and weirder, and it definitely gets worse with the arrival of admiral talking. when we last saw him in the saga, he was overseeing the construction of the death star. and the character has, of course, appeared in many things, including a new hope in rogue one. he's brought some bad news with him. and now that the war is over, the empire has decided to cease all production to the clones. one of the big questions that always hung over the prequel and original trilogy was, why did the empire decide to stop using them? though this has been discussed several times throughout the law, i'm glad that they added in an answer here for people who might just have been sticking to the main saga so far. we learn that the cost and the fact that they can just enlist boys without giving them any choice, means that they'll be able to quickly create an empire. and thus it's pointless going through this process. just be careful though, mate, yeah, they're pretty crap shots. no wonder you had two death stars blow up your cheapskate. now we see the bad batch in the mess hall, which is, of course, very similar one that was showcased in attack of the clones. they're joined by amiga, and we quickly see that the prejudice mind state created by the empire has slowly started to seep into the other troops. they're even viewing the bad batch as the other and calling them horrendous, horrendous terms like the sad batch, because they can now operate without question, they will. and i like that they showcased a dark side to the clones, excuse the crap pun. now they make a mess in the mess hall, which is an even worse pun, and talking just so happens to be inspecting it at this time. echo is knocked out, and he wakes up to find that he's being scanned by az3459485793069. whilst amigo waits at his bedside. because of the experimentation that was carried out on him, he gets ptsd and smacks the scanner away. before he's calmed down, he's anxious that tarkin has arrived, and the last time he saw him was during the citadel mission that led to his apparent death. tarkin wants to test them, and they run a combat simulator which is very similar to the one in which we first met ekko. season 3, episode 1, titled clone cadets, introduced echo and his original squad. initially, they were unable to complete the mission because the team refused to work together. but after some guidance from another defective clone called 99. they managed to pull it off. it's a really good episode that sets up a lot in this one. and as always, it's like poetry, they rhyme. now, whereas in the episode the troops faced a lot of trouble, the bad match easily complete the mission. and thus tarkin makes the cloners switch to live rounds to truly test how strong they are. we see what i believe is an iteration or prototype for the dark troopers. and if i'm right, which i'm usually not, then you may recognize these as being some of the more terrifying droids in the mandalorian. the bad batch have to improvise in order to survive. and it's a great action scene that shows they're pretty well equipped to handle anything that the empire might throw at them. talking clearly views them as being superior soldiers, but is worried that they're disobedient. and we are left questioning crosshairs loyalty when we learn a report was filed stating that caleb escaped. tarkin sends them to the under on sector, which contains a jungle planet of the same name. during the clone wars, count dooku caused a lot of torment on this planet. and tarkin says there currently exists a separatist force which he wants talking out. eh. they go to head out, but amiga gives them a warning that tarkin has been talking to the kamino cloners, and that he doesn't trust clones. i'm sorry, that was shockingly bad. omega, scared of the change that she can see happening, wants to go with them, but hunter rejects this notion. they travel to under on and covertly scan the perimeter and discover that the camp isn't full of the separatist insurgents as they first thought. as tarkin said, he was questioning their loyalty and whether they would blindly follow orders. so he set this trap, which involved killing innocent people. they're ambushed by the republic fighters there, who refuse to join the empire. some of them are done in grey helmets with a red symbol in the middle. and the coloration of this is very similar to the logo of the bad batch itself. here we meet saw guerrera, who's looking a lot better than we last saw him in rogue. one, a key cog in the formation of the rebels. it's nice to come across him in his younger days and see how he started the fight against the imperials. so of course, commanded several people. and through his depiction, we really get the idea of why they would follow him. even the bad batch question what side they're on, and they decide to take arms with him, though this doesn't sit well amongst some of the members. i'm looking at you, crosshair. now, the term, i was just following orders is something that has been used throughout history. the nuremberg trials, which dealt justice to those complicit in the holocaust, saw the phrase being put across several times by the guilty. in that atrocious time, over 10 million innocent jews, poles and people of other demographics were systemically exterminated by the german forces. and those that carried it out clearly thought that what they were doing was just crosshair utters the phrase at one point to say why it's fine to murder innocent people. and it's a great line that hints towards the darker side of human history. now it turns out a probe droid was following them the entire time, and it has been reporting the status of their mission before crosshair can take leadership. hunter shoots it and recalls that amiga warned them not to return to kamino. it's at this point that we also get to confirm that amiga is actually a clone. and also, yeah, they call her omega and also pronounce it amiga in this episode, so i don't want to hear nothing in the comments yet about how i'm saying it wrong. i block you a pro i'll bloody block you. now, there's a lot of mystery around who she actually is, and theories that she might be a clone of the duchess, which is obi-wan's attempt at a child. it's also possible that she is a force-sensitive clone. and her hairstyle is similar to palpatine's in the phantom menace. so maybe the caminos were attempting to replicate people who possessed the force, hence her importance. now i'm not 100 and just off the accent, she might simply be a gender swap of fete. let me know below whatever your theories are. and the group mount a rescue mission to break her out of dodge. they return home for the third act of the episode. and here the plan is simple, break in, find amiga. click subscribe. meet back at the ship, and hi taylor out of there. things aren't that easy, though, and the bad batch end up being confronted by their own brothers and talking who accuse them of treason. the plan wasn't a complete failure, though, and they're reunited with amiga in jail. i also love how their armor is stripped away, and we can see the black clothing under the trooper uniform. i can sometimes be spotted through the slits. crosshair is still furious that they've been jailed, and clearly he is wrestling with his programming. he's called to be scanned, and we see that his neural implant is still active, which is making it so that he's more prone to the brainwashing carried out by it. amiga is able to climb through the hole in the cell, and she unlocks the door. they manage to get their weapons and start the rescue mission for crosshair, who we see now completely indoctrinated and leading a clone unit. he is wearing a black imperial uniform, and we watch as he hunter and the clones go head to head in a classic star wars shootout. wrecker uses metal paneling his cover, similar to what he did in the clone wars, season 7, and the caminos helped a bad batch to keep the door open so they can escape. amiga stuns crosshair, and the group managed to flee, likely to be pursued by him as the rest of the season goes on. now, i actually got given early access to the first episode, but i gave disney the wrong email address for the screening portal, so i didn't actually have an account to watch them on. feel like a bit of a clown or clone, hey. but i do think that this is the way that the series gonna continue. i imagine that they'll manage to disable a chip within crosshairs brain, but it's going to be interesting to see how it all plays out. we end with the group heading out for the first time without a mission, and amiga goes into space for the first time too. they want to lay low, but now their crosshair is behind them, and thus decide to go to j19. now they're likely going to be meeting the character laquain, who ended up settling on the planet and marrying a tweelek le. quaine was a clone trooper, but he deserted the army in order to have a life on his own. and he's pretty much an outcast. so yeah, the bad batch are gonna fit in with him. i can see this definitely being the next person that they come across. but if you disagree, let me know in the comments. now, as for my thoughts on the episode as a whole, have to say, yeah, really enjoyed it. it was a very sad day when the clone wars ended, as it's one of the best star wars animated shows out there. scratch that, the best star wars animated show out there. so seeing it come to an end, it was very bittersweet. however, i'm glad that disney have done a spin-off and are going with the bad batch and telling their journey in the expanded lore. it's a very fun opening. i love the dialogue between the group, and you really get the camaraderie that these soldiers have. it's basically the star wars version of band of brothers. and they are a band of brothers that are sort of a band of brothers because because they're clones. and it's great seeing them out on the battlefield, fighting it out with the forces of evil. i love how this is also telling offshoots of the star wars story. and it's going to be great to see more things focused around grand moff talking and of course, the stormtroopers. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the show, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 30th of may, in which we're giving away three copies of the godzilla vs kong collection. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the first entry. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the eternals trailer, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over some of the cool easter eggs in it, what you need to know about the characters. and it's basically the best video i've ever made in the space of five minutes, because it was a tight one. now, without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been poor i'll see you on friday. yeah, see you on friday. make sure you come back. take care and have a good week. until then, peace. 