you're a fine man, Bushnell. moments. I will not soon forget your kindness and decency. what about the FBI? I am really details back. subscribe and let's get started. just just go straight to it. welcome back everybody. this is our recap for part 16. Greg Ryan, we're gonna do things a little bit different this week. I want to focus a little bit on the things that we like the most about this episode. and then we're gonna sort of skip Easter eggs and go straight into some theories and predictions going into the two-part finale that's coming up. now, don't forget to subscribe to GameSpot universe. we got plenty more TV coverage out there. we got Game of Thrones, Rick and Morty, and of course, Twin Peaks. okay, so part 16 basically the set up for the final two parts of the two-hour finale. or is it? no, stop. nope, nope. we'll get into your crazy prediction. leader, not now. what's let's just move on. starting off, mr. Cooper, who has no reason to trust anyone, brings a trap meant for him using his own son, thus confirming that two of the three sets of coordinates he got were bogus and that Richard was his son with Audrey. goodbye, my son. well, it's good to finally put the mystery of Richard's paternity to rest. yeah, unfortunately, we're not gonna get the father-son road trip that I was hoping for. but here we are, and Richard's a scumbag anyway. so good riddance, later, buddy. also, one cool little side note too. you can bring up the Old Testament tale about God directing Abraham to take his son to the top of the mountain and sacrifice him on a stone altar. well, there you go. yeah, I can see it. alright. personally, I think there was something even more important that happened in this scene. people. Jerry came back. and for one, maybe two moments, it looks like he has sorted a situation out, as he gets out his binoculars to get a closer look. and then, yeah, Jerry's still totally fried. I doubt he even knew it was his own grand nephew that got electrocuted. of course, the presence of Jerry confirms that mr. Cooper has arrived in Twin Peaks, or nearby. yeah. to cap off the scene, mr. Cooper sends a cryptic text message to Diane. smileyface, oh, all right, okay, okay, sure. all right, yeah. Diane, as usual, is at the hotel bar where she receives mr. Cooper's message. she has this Manchurian Candidate esque reaction as though she's been activated. she messages back coordinates and heads upstairs. Gordon somehow knows she's outside the FBI's door and tells her to come in before she knocks. Diane takes her usual seat and proceeds to finally tell the three agents about the night mr. Cooper came to her many years ago. her description is harrowing and intense, and recalls the tone of Alice Harford's dramatic confession and Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut. Diane describes what we've suspected all along, that she was raped by mr. C after being disarmed by simply seeing coop again. afterward, he took her to an old gas station, which we presume is the convenience store gas station. next Diane glance is one more time at her phone, sees mr. Cooper's text message again, and starts to panic. she tells him that she gave Cooper the coordinates to the sheriff's apartment in that I'm not turns out she was a Tulpa. she appears in the Red Room where Mike tells her she was manufactured, and before she gets disintegrated, in typical Diane form, says, I know [ __ ] you. what was so cool about that scene is that Albert was ready to go. he was getting his gun before she even was reaching in there. she was having her malfunction. like, two weeks. two weeks. yeah, I think I'm ready to relinquish the Albert being bad theory. and, I mean, I kind of lost that one a little while ago, I gotta be honest. this sequence has actually been one of the hardest to unpack in the whole series, in terms of what is actually going on in it. yeah. but before we deal with that, I just want to sort of tack on that one. I think my favorite moment with Tammy Preston came in that scene, like, after they unload on Diane, and I anticipated she's a whoa, and she has that sort of elation. it reminds me of Dan Aykroyd and ghostbusters, right after the library sequence, where he's like, oh, man, we saw a ghost, guys. this is amazing. and that was just, it was right there. I loved it. let's back up now. there's been some chatter on welcome to Twin Peaks and Twitter about the coordinates. Cooper told Richard he had gotten too matched and won unmatched set of coordinates from three separate sources. we don't know who gave the bad coordinates, though, ray and Jeffries topped the list. but if Diane is just now sending him the coordinates she memorized from Ruth Davenport, who gave Cooper the third set, and when did they do it? for the record, Diane's text does appear to match the coordinates on Ruth's arm, even though they're heavily smudged. the next thing is that between the two scenes, the messages on her phone don't match. their received times are different. they have different punctuation. and in the second scene, her response with the coordinates isn't shown either. her bracelets also switch order on her arm. speculation going around is that these are two back-to-back scenes with two different Diane's. if you want to say that there's two Diane's, there just could be just multiple timelines. just different worlds. we saw that a couple episodes back, when Andy saves no hado, when we saw the one saying, what everyone's coming together, and there's different, you know, versions of the same person. I agree that there is. that there's not an accident, and it is not continuity error. I do think that the differences are intentional, but I'm not totally sure that a difference, the difference is carry meaning. like, I think that what Frost and Lynch like to do is create dream worlds. and in dreams, there can be inconsistency, without those inconsistencies barring any special meaning. it could just be that from space to space, things are slightly different. that doesn't mean that they are different spaces. I don't think we're gonna get an answer to this anyways, but I think it's just cool to bring out. and they might still be clues for further deciphering once all of this is done, the final dossier. personally, at this point, I don't think the discrepancies with every single text message sent between Cooper and Diane can be a coincidence. however, I think the most likely explanation is simply that Lynch and Frost are peddling dreams. and in dreams, things don't always need to be consistent. the bigger question to me is, who manufactured Diane? but we can get into that a little bit later. outside of it, Jones's home in Las Vegas, before Cooper comes back, I got one more dose of what I wanted, Chantel and hutch these two have been the frost Lynch channeling Tarantino characters. and boy do they go out with an awesome Tarantino style bang. the whole scene is set up to be a Mexican standoff between the Hutchins, the FBI and the mitchum brothers. I thought it was going to be a bloodbath, leaving the streets strewn with bullet casings and blood. instead, an accountant with a bad attitude intervenes and takes care of the duo himself in a crazed machine pistol frenzy. I loved this scene. I loved everything about it. it's how they should have gone out. and I didn't think he could get any better until Bradley Mitchum opened his mouth. so [ __ ] me, bro, dude, peeper. under a lot of stress, Bradley. I loved it. just another like Peckinpah mo me. just the gunshots and victim, don't go thump them. everything is perfect. they nailed that. I select that line from Mitchum, the people under a lot of stress, sort of like their their detached from the working-class people. but it's an opportunity for frost and Lynch to fit in one more little, kind of like commentary on the decaying middle class. afterwards, we return to dougie in the hospital room with Mullins standing beside him. and then we hear the strange humming that we last heard in the Great Northern Mullen steps out because he can't figure out where the hell that sounds coming from. and then the moment we've all been waiting for finally happens. 100%. I do have to say that after such a long period of time, I had pretty much just gotten on the Dougie train and also the mr. Cooper train, resigned to never seeing Dale Cooper again. but he came back, and it was so strong. he's, he's up. there's no where am I. what's going on? he knows exactly what's going on. yeah, get me some sandwiches. get the car. I'm gonna put my clothes on. we're getting out of here. how'd he come back? enough, like part three. this case, this would have been only way for parts, right? he would have flew right to Twin Peaks, and that would have been a quick note. Dale gets the al cave ring back from Mike, and Dale tells Mike to make another what we assume is dougie Jones. this actually, to me, raised the question of, did Dale manufactured dougie in the first place? we were talking about this being mr. see, the whole time, this was a, this was a plan by mr. C to keep himself out of the black lodge or the Red Room. and from this though, it almost seems like it was actually Dale who had it taking care of another woman. it's just right, like he knew he was gonna be going into dougie. he probably didn't think he would be a vegetable for so long, and was still gonna do all the same stuff, acquire the car, acquire the Mitchum's, like, do all the same things, just not with half a brain. so they all finished, is suiting up. he gets a snub nose from Mullins. then he gets on the phone with the Mitchell brothers because he's going back to Twin Peaks. we flip over the Mitchum's. Rodney's on phone with coop. Bradley's finishing up booking the plane. and then the magic moment happens. the twin peaks core kicks in, and we go back to Dale and Bushnell. he gives Bushnell a message for Gordon Cole. then the magic continues. I have to be honest, I got a little welled up. I think they brought Dale back perfectly, and this has come, this is coming from somebody who's been on the dougie train for like, eight, eight episodes, I was just stunned. everyone around us, we had a viewing party, and everyone started screaming and clapping, and I was just like, this whole part of the show is emotional. Dale, Janie ii and sonny jim go to the Mitchum's casino where they have to say their goodbyes. they all says, i have to go away for a while. and the bottle meant he kicks in again. he tells them, you've made my heart so full. and Dougie, I mean, I will be back. in that moment, Janie II realizes she hasn't been with her husband. but Dale tries to reassure them, and your dad, sweetie, it doesn't stop. it's so good. [Music], I think it's just maybe the right time to say Naomi Watts like, outstanding, outstanding. great performance in this series. if this is the last time we see Janie II, it's been a great journey. she was incredible. I don't know what the hell's in store for them for Emmys or anything like that. I really hope that Naomi wants gets a nomination. this is incredible. what kind of world are we living in where people can behave like this, treat other people this way without any compassion or feeling for their suffering? we are living in a dark, dark age, and you are part of the problem. we get Dale back in the limo with the Mitchum's and the Andy's one last time. I hope they also are in the final two hell, I think they are. I want to say that I think there's gonna be one more scene with all of them. it seems like they're on the trip together. and I love that scene. we get Dale getting his cup of coffee. we get Bradley getting his Bloody Mary and and Bradley is just like a kid. he gets his Bloody Mary, he just starts slurping it, just like sunny Jim was slurping a soda a few scenes back. and they're just off on their adventure. please. Mitchum Brothers spin-off, be good. please give me this, please. finally, eddie vedder appears at the Roadhouse to perform a long solo ballad. it was a nice way to round out the episode. okay, now I know our predictions and theories about how the return is going to end. that's not how it ended. nope. I think about half the people, though, at our viewing stood up, started to head to the kitchen, head to the bathroom, anything to get away from Eddie better. I was one of them. I got up to go get a drink. I saw Eddie Vedder. I was like, okay, the credits gonna roll any second. let me get a drink real quick. it's no a full two minutes go by before Audrey and Charlie show up at the Roadhouse. all I hear is a Oh from someone. and then I immediately run back in the room. I make them rewind it. oh, yeah, that was me. I was sitting there, I did not move, and I'm just staring. I was like, I remember the bosomy woman at the end of the last episode. I'm not gonna miss another detail. I'm sitting here until the song is over. we did so. after Eddie Vedder is finished, the emcee introduces Audrey's dance, octrees. all right. before that, everyone's thinking, oh, okay, so she's not nekoma is. everything's fine. this isn't a dream or anything. she's there in the Roadhouse. look. and even then, we're still taking a sip of my drink, looking around. then the MC sets that, and then all of a sudden the crowd car out, and then starts swaying as the classic Audrey Horne Twin Peaks music kicks in. it's pretty awesome. Audrey starts to dance, and they sway. and that image is gonna stay with me to the end of days. because if you really tell me, what do you want to see in Twin Peaks the return, that was it. bet it for me. [Music]. that honestly is the one of my favorite moments of the return in general. I don't think anything can really top that. but, uh, two more episodes ago, so I'm gonna shut up and just who knows, maybe they can give us more than that. it's one of the most haunting moments. it's one of the most beautiful moments. it's great fanservice, but it's also dramatic and cool. yeah. and you think for a minute that it's just gonna go on, and that's what's gonna waltz us out the door into the closing credits. but no, a fight breaks out. two guys. one guys sleeping with the others wife. a typical story of people who go to the Roadhouse. it breaks Audrey's concentration on her dance. she runs over to Charlie and says, and what was that? white lodge mental institution. waking up from some which she's still in a coma. I think somebody said alien spaceship is another possibility. she's on an alien spaceship with major Briggs. well, that would fit some of the frost secret history type stuff. yes. let's not delve too far into it, okay? because I think, okay, there's not enough. but let's to go. why? let's move over into the prediction, since that's what we've got time for here. yes, yeah. I just want to get my first very simple wingnut Theory out of the way, so everybody can groan, and then we can move on. part 17 and 18 will be prequels to Twin Peaks, the return, fire walk with me style. therefore, the last moment in the series timeline is Audrey waking up in the white place. it's ridiculous, I know, but we have to be prepared for some things never being resolved. maybe not everything, but some things. the return ends with Dale on his way to do his job, Audrey waking up. and then that you gotta wait for the book, or you gotta wait another 25 years or something. only because of fire walk with me that I would even think that's a possibility. yeah, use something like yeah. then we go back and we get a little bit more on Nadine story, and Stephen and Becky, and, you know, maybe a little bit more Bobby Briggs. speaking of things that could be addressed, I have a little list of things that somehow we may or may not get wrapped up in the final two episodes. so we got Cooper returning the Twin Peaks, Diane's fate, Audrey's fate, Becky's fate, Shelly in red, more candy and the Mitchum's Lodge mysteries. what's the symbol on the card and the map? what's going on with Nadeau? why Richard and Linda are two birds in one stone? what's happening with Sarah Palmer? is Laura coming back into the story? because she is the one will they show us what the mother is. what's Bob's fate? the glass box, the black box in Argentina? and this did. with all that said, the only thing I really think they are gonna go into, it's just the fates of mr. C and Cooper. honestly, that's the only safe bet you can have going into this. and I would personally just like to know what the hell was going on in that phone call in part one. RV Barbie, yeah, I don't think, you I don't think, I don't think that's coming i that it's not coming back. man, oh, you know, that's gonna be in processbook. you have to kiss that one goodbye. I would love if they just have one little thing on that, just the tiny thing, just give me something. give me another name. so you'd be careful what you wish for. man, you might get a 10-minute long scene or more. I'm fine with that. okay, so let's just say that my prequel theory is wrong. here are some of the things I think that are a little bit more likely. I think that mr. Cooper and Dale Cooper are actually gonna have to join forces. I don't think that they're actually gonna have a showdown. one of them does have to die. they might have a have a fight at one point, but I think they're got the joint forces against Judy or the mother, if in fact, Judy Sarah Palmer mother are the same. I like I said, I think that Dale was manufacturing the Tulpas. and the part of mr. C's plan that he was talking about originally was the glass box in New York. and that affected Dale's ability to come back, but it also did something to the experiment, which broke out and killed people in New York. now, we have to get to Twin Peaks. I think, you know, this is probably wrong, but I do think that what we were seeing was Audrey waking up. I think we're gonna get Audrey and coop at the same time, descending on Twin Peaks. and that's going to culminate, obviously, at the sheriff's station, where we already have NIDA. we already have Freddie Sykes with the green glove. so there's gonna be a massive confrontation there. and then, I don't know, how is it it's gonna resolve. another prediction to jump off of it, I think we are going to figure out who Judy is. speaking of Judy, we put it to the audience last week who they think Judy is, and we got some very interesting responses. hit it. I'm also thinking Judy is code for Garland Briggs. I think NATO is judy. judy has to be Sarah Palmer. it makes sense that way. Sarah is tied into the end game of this season. Judy is Norma's code name for her cherry pie recipe. us. mr. strawberry, I like a lot of those possibilities. NATO seems possible. Sarah Palmer. mr. strawberry, well, maybe not. mr. strawberry, I like us because that just fits in with who is the dreamer. they're all good. Monica Bellucci, all right, guys, thank you so much for watching. let us know in a comment section what your predictions are for the final two parts. and as always, you can hit us up on Twitter with some of your predictions. we'll be there all week. all right, guys, we'll see you on the other side. see you on the other side later. 