listen, music and movies just go together. I'm not saying that one medium is better than the other, cuz I clearly have a bias here with this movie channel, music channel reviving soon. but while westerns come and go, super heroes we all know will one day retire, musicals are still going strong every year. granted, there's not as much tap dancing as the old days, but there's not making it to the Oscars, regardless of if they're disrespected or we are. but like animation, it's a genrih within genres. all the musical needs to qualify as being a musical is music. the rest can vary by a lot. it can be a family film or a midnight called classic, a high school masterpiece or a zombie coming-of-age film. it can be an LSD trip or a demo REO. nowadays, it's even the people who you least expect it to be helping the soundtrack. me and flex looking in the index for buff net [ __ ], just for some hot butt sex. so I wanted to make a video covering the three big ones so far this year, all time-stamped, in case you don't want to, you know, get any slight spoilers that I might be talking around. so you could jump around between all of them, but I decided, or figured, I'd start with the one that's British. let me explain. so Rocket Man was easily my favorite one out of the bunch. Taryn had already worked with Elton on Kingsman - he even covered one of his songs as a cartoon already. so when it came to this rope, maybe he knocked it out of the park. of course, there's an entire list of things that were altered in this movie, but the fact they went for a more across the universe approach, instead of playing it straight like Bohemian, I think helps it. it probably would have made more money if it wasn't rated R, obviously. but I love that Elton was like, you know, my life's not pg-13, so neither is the movie. and yeah, he'd hold anything back from this [ __ ] kill myself. it's a trip where he's opened up completely about his childhood. and at no point do you feel like he was overlooking the production, as we've seen with other ones, where you can tell the producers looking at them, telling him to tone it down. but here it's like he was asking for more but sex. of course, that caused Russia to edit out all the gay scenes, and Samoa just straight-up banded. which is it just, it's crazy, considering that they do allow his music over there. so it just kind of reminds me of an argument I once had with a youth pastor about finding Dory, because he believed some random interaction between two cartoon females implied Disney had a gay agenda, and so he was gonna stick with the original, clearly not knowing who voices dory. but again, I loved how open Elton was about this. he starts the movie by calling himself out. we get to see his childhood, where his parents just ignored that he had this god-given talent and treated him like Mathilda, I'll see you tomorrow. do you know how disappointing it is to be your mother? the acting in the scene where he finally reveals to his mom that he's gay feels like a confession and more like he's waiting to be scorned with an i-told-you-so. but I'd rather you keep that sort of thing to yourself. I just hope you realize you're choosing a life of being alone forever. you'll never be loved properly. his dad even started a new family and said, second time's the charm, never giving Elton closure. but if nothing's worked out really well second time around, that I suppose I Oh, No, would you make it out to offer you, sir? one of the blokes from work, he's a big fan. and then he even gets screwed by Robb Stark, who, look, I'm straight, but he probably would have swooned me over. he actually did swill be over, because I didn't see the trailers to it. I didn't know how his real-life counterpart was, so I was pissed off when I realized he was the bad guy. you saying, contracts with me years ago, so I'll still be collecting my 20% along after you've killed yourself. I also really liked how they spend way more time on the struggle, you know, all the moments before he was famous. that makes the entire movie feel like a memory. and he is narrating it from a a so there is that point. but then there's all these creative decisions with the storytelling. they play with these black and white effects in order to make certain colors, pop. they respect the audience enough to know all the cliches, story beads that come with the rise to fame and Rehab marriage boys. they're really honing in on the magical side of this to the point that I almost forgot it was a biopic. honestly think this bad boy would kill as a Broadway play. and that's probably because some of the artistic choices in the movie, I think, wouldn't come off as whimsical. because there were some effects that, like, I loved Bryce Dallas Howard Chastain, she's gorgeous and everything she's in, but this motion-tracking aging effect that they put on her, but it looked like play-doh. it looked like the play-doh he put on lay out his face, really identical. I've got this in Dobby. so, you know, there were scenes where he was dancing and I thought I was with him, it was that good. but then there'd be a performance, obviously very stylized, clearly. it's meant to be the highlight of the movie, since he's singing, Rocket Man, and he turns into a rocket. I love the idea of it. I loved what they were going for. but boy, did it look like a shooting stars me. [Music]. overall, I clearly loved it, regardless of some of the effects. but Taryn was incredible. the final scene at the meeting where he gives his younger self a hug, showing her he's embracing his past and not letting it bring him down, yeah, that was incredible. and then the movie ends with this song. I really, really, really do like this movie, so check it out. check out more than twice. shout out to Elton for being 28 years sober and for finding proper love. you gotta kill the person you were born to be in order to become the person you want to be. I got this one at Sundance, and figured I'd talk about it a bit here - it's actually based on a memoir, which my dude also turned into a one-man show. Bruce Springsteen grew up in New Jersey, in Asbury Park. probably know that I grew up in Luton, in Barry Park. I think I'm beginning to convince some of you guys. I think if you're a fan of sing Street, you're gonna love this. I think both of these work you. but we're rock you. man uses as artists discography, I think the best plot wise to move it narrative Lee when it comes to how the music actually connects to a character, you would have sworn Bruce Springsteen was a minority with the way he connected with the working-class. yeah, at first I thought some of the lyrics sing along effects felt too much like a You Tube typography video, and I think they still kind of do. but really, when you're blasting music in private, it does kind of feel like that. you know, that every time you get caught jamming to a song, you look like a fool, unless you're wearing air pods, of course. but it's a certain level of joy that just becomes contagious, like you know when you really fall in love with a movie and you can't stop talking about it. a song and you can't stop singing about it, like there comes a point where only a psychologist can answer why you're connecting to it so much. I personally didn't grow up to Bruce Springsteen, so I didn't really sing along with all of the lyrics, but the themes still hold true. the son feels like his dad is holding him down, not realizing that he had his own dreams. he wasn't able to follow since they're of Pakistani descent. some movie does deal with location, and how even in his own home time, he doesn't feel like he's at home, and dreams of a better place like America. which, in the memoir, that bit is crazy, because a real authors dream of coming to America ends up clashing when 9/11 happens. and as he puts it, my mother was crying. those poor people. all they were doing was going to work. who would do such a thing? who are the idiots that would take innocent lives? do they not have a conscience taking father's from children? what are they saying? do they know who did this? and the guy had answered, they're saying it was Muslims. luckily, it's 2019. and yeah, America is so much better right now. but having filmmakers who know and have lived as perspective really shows like the show Ramy, which I've talked about, and his HBO special that I highly recommend, where you see the viewpoints of a group of people whose own home is made to feel like they're renting it by others. I'm curious to know what you guys think about this one. again, I may not have liked it the most. maybe I didn't connect to the music as much as I didn't grow up with him, but out of the three, I think it sparks the most post film discussion. [Music]. [Applause]. I don't want to say that this is my least favorite of the three, because then people automatically think like you hate it. when you do, think it's fine, it's good. but it is the least favorite of the three. this is the story of a struggling artist who, I mean, he's like, really struggling. not very attractive. no, you're out of shape. is your skinny? yet somehow round you have been profoundly unsuccessful for 10 years, Jim. and until about a month ago, we'd call you a complete failure. he bumps his head so hard he wakes up believing the Beatles never existed. he then becomes famous off of their music once ed Sheeran makes an extended cameo, inviting him on tour and causing him to become the next big sensation. and I think the movie had its moments. I like a lot of the alternative jokes that they made, like with Cokie. and I do think that the actor does a really good job singing the let it be bit was hilarious, because he's trying to introduce them to this song that he knows to be classic. so he's mad that they're disrespecting it. but to everyone else it just sounds like he's cocky as hell about his new song. wow, it's not Coldplay. it's not fixed yet. it's not, buddyfix you, Carol. it's a great, great work of art. Wow. somebody suddenly got very cocky. I also thought the idea of Ed Sheeran was gonna feel like, I don't like to corporate, if that makes any sense, because he's such a massive pop star. but they spend a half or the half of his scenes really just belittle that said, just like where the star is born, and how they use Willie Nelson's audience to be able to make that movie, I almost feel like he just needed a Ed Sheeran's audience for the big scenes. or also what it cost them a lot. okay enough. even if it is being Chris belting, we probably would have come to you and asked if we could film your audience. it is also kind of like Ed Sheeran in the best position possible, because him being here in a universe where the Beatles don't exist, shows that he kind of would have still made it without the Beatles influence or not. but at the same time, he's also saying that the Beatles are better than him. so it's like, it's an interesting thing, because in this world, ed Sheeran Coldplay One Direction. doesn't seem like any musicians have been affected. so, yeah, I don't really want to be a buzzkill to the movie. I know it's going for that magical aspect of what the beetles mean to people, but she's, yeah, well, the artist can still be there, then it kind of makes them replaceable, if that makes any sense. and it's kind of funny, because I love the movie Steve Jobs, which Danny Boyle did, and a lot of people always tell me that the ending to that movie wraps up too nicely. it's too cheesy. and I just don't see it. I see it here, I would be honest. while I I do want to give this movie another chance when I when I catch it, I just hated the way he treated his girlfriend, who was there from the start, and they both ela president. oh, my troubles. what am I saying? it's not even his girlfriend she just, she was like a girlfriend without any of the benefit that I wanted her to mid-summer him so bad. I have been waiting half my life you to wake up and love me, girl. why? overall, I loved Elton's story and rocky man, and can't wait to see it on Broadway one day. blinded by the lights, a cute movie, but make sure to check out the memoir it's based on also. and yesterday may have the best music, but it had Lily James waiting on yet again, another myth, that's that if Taryn doesn't get nominated, I'm okay with him losing. but nominated, I'm snatch and Rani Malik's chompers and scoping out the Academy members, starting with Tom Holland. thank you guys checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. which of these three are your favorite? what are the musicals would you like me to check out? I'd mention some like that. they're like really under the radar, but I usually think are really cute. I guess it's a difficult thing because, like, and in the apocalypse, none of the music related to me. but I did think it was a cute story. like, I thought it was interesting how they combined a musical into it. but it's this weird thing, and where, unless the music really pops off for you, like an artist, that usually doesn't make it that big. but musicals are always there on a yearly basis. I feel like it's the one genre that'll never go away. but again, cuz it's more like animation, it's not necessarily its own genre. it can be a scary movie or anything else. but I'm curious to know your recommendations. some of the other things I didn't want to mention, Jamie Bell was incredible in Rocket Man. just wanted to mention that, because I know I didn't cover it in the main part. there was also supposed to be a Freddie Mercury cameo, like, actually, Ramy Malick was supposed to appear as the same character, kind of doing like a cinematic universe on ocala, the the Tupac movie. what they did with that, that would have been weird. also, for yesterday, they had shot that John Lennon scene. and secret I thought that was an interesting choice. he was also crazy to hear that some people hated that scene, that that was, like, disrespectful. but it's 2019. man. you breathe, it's disrespectful. so I'm curious to know what your guys thoughts are on these movies. let me know down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a master of Abbey Road. 