[Music]. let's begin in 89, when casting and make up for it a line, cuz hat wells older. Slattery's untouched, but they made uncanny valley gutless. skip ahead to Pizarro, San Quentin, where inmates hug and Paul Rudd blends in. done his time. now he swears to be good, serving as fast as a basket. Robin and I are super quick. then he's back in the mix. Reese got tips from other people. flips ice time team. a quickie. bad man. whatever you like. clip you. Russian accent. great. this a phone with any scoop ice cream. find an old tooth that could probably use a dry clean honey. shook himself watch on the drain. of all, he kept incredibly and Michael Fay Mia locked up again and surprised him. Don Sassoon Academy ties him. tiny guy, not rich or immortal. and man, it just little superhero morsel. ant-man, the one that's after the avenged. the universe's harder to land like a great food, slice of pickle ginger, or a lemon sorbet. yes and - Liam - use a lemon sorbet pimp. am future in lawn Bay, invest in digs. but they don't use braid cuz Hank is a wacky side to person. using asses. indentured servants lucky they got time to kill to teach this stranger secret skills. suit stuff, bug stuff, tech stuff. MMA, but hope you all the stuff. anyway, they would have been away simpler. asked. she's smarter, stronger, up to the task. the second actor unpacked the past the family, and half the movie wouldn't be modeled of this yammering, like, seriously, it's like the entire middle of the movie is just vo of Gordon Gekkos spewing science BS. anyway, runs no longer clueless, leveled up bed. now he gotta prove it. start phase and why upstate battled the Avengers and bunch to pay. then it's back to the beta. round up the crew, which they wouldn't need to do a folklore the suit. she's sneaking the Pym kids derriere. but this movie in about breaking barriers, and I really should have been on to Aman. buggy things. he knows what he is doing. could have ended phase 2 on the true we would have been out. woman 2, bad guy is a former mentee like his bald head, morally empty and like Peter Russo, a super creep. but now he gets off and being mean to sheathe me. another heist. don't take phone to plan it, cuz, of relies on miraculous antics. son, Cody, room, it's a trap. that's the end of the rope, which wouldn't be the cases they just used, hope yet. Scottie, still too big to fail, though, in the briefcase on the magic railroad, gotta get smaller, go solve. atomic battery smoke. DeRozan motor chronically ill. a jacket crumbles in enough. and now Scott, he's tight with his ex and her husband. daughter's got a pet, and after all of this, they're gonna need a child psychologist. tonsil hockey, Scott, enough score cuz beat disease abdomen once before. but hey, new soup. we know that it fits cuz it has wings in gopher. is it alright? look, Paul Rudd lifts funny off the page. plus he's handsome and doesn't age. but his character is more than just silly, cuz what a time to blossom for Canada's lily. it wasn't in the comics in this series, all hindsight but hope could have been Marvel's first from the limelight. strong women need a stronger presence. and honestly, the irony here is has not been lost on me. that was a man. y'all. this is recap rats, and that was also our weirdest have to adapt our feminist ideals. anyway, see you next time. what's up, guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, click the box to the left to see another recap wrap, or pick the box to the right to see another dope video. alright, we see next 