the sun provides life on the entire planet. so what do you think happens when it starts to go out naturally? earth sends astronauts on a mission to re-ignite the sun. does that journey go smoothly? well, for the crew of 2007 sunshine, the mission is anything but smooth. spoiler alert. while i may give you my opinion on the film, that's no substitute for watching it for yourself. links to the film are in the description, mankind faces extinction. wow, i can already tell this is gonna be an uplifting, feel-good movie. yeah, no, i can literally feel myself getting amped up from anticipation. we open up on dr cyril, who is having a pleasant conversation with the ship herself, icarus. afterwards, he goes to the table where he explains his experience with the rest of the crew. on a side note, all of the actors and actresses had to live together so that they could create a palpable feeling that they knew each other throughout. it's also now that we find out from kineta that if they have any messages to send back home, they should do it now, as they're approaching the dead zone. earlier than anticipated. obviously, all the fun stuff will happen there where they can't reach out for help. that's how it always goes. right? here we meet the ever so humble kappa. i really hope he had another reason for going on this mission other than the approval of his parents. that'll get you in trouble every time. this visual is absolutely gorgeous. i'd go on the mission just to live in that room. next we get to meet corazon, who is about to deliver her report to canada in the observatory, she explains that oxygen levels are better than expected, and there's nothing to worry about. you're thinking about icarus one. wait a second. this is icarus too. what happened to the first one? well, as it turns out, no one knows what happened to icarus one, but they didn't make it to their destination. soon after, a brawl erupts between mason kappa that results in mace taking some time to remember home. after that, he delivers a very heartfelt apology. they really do behave like a couped up family. all of the cast members went through space training as well as scuba diving classes. danny brought the crew aboard a nuclear submarine so they could understand the feeling of living under crammed conditions. and he even had them experience weightlessness in zero g. moments later, harvey gathers everyone so they can listen to a transmission he picked up. it's the icarus one. we all know they're going to investigate it, but we all agree that they shouldn't write right? these sounds were partially actual sounds received from space by a midwestern university. this distress signal from icarus 1 was actually used later in 2011 for the prequel movie to the thing. after much deliberation, sore brings up the option of contacting icarus one to take the payload they were carrying as a second chance at a successful mission. the decision foster kappa, since he's the physicist for their journey, two last hopes are better than one. while we all know this is a terrible decision that will end terribly, his logic for making the decision is sound. at least they're thinking with their heads. the change in their approach to the sun ends up causing more problems. when the change in path was made, the shields weren't recalibrated for the new approach. to the sun, and the sun burned part of icarus too. kineta and kappa go outside of the ship to fix the damaged panels, but tragedy strikes when the oxygen garden catches fire. icarus ii tries to take over control, but that will put kappa and kineta in dangerous take control of the ship. we can't seriously be losing two of the biggest characters this early in the movie. can we go back? well, one is better than both. but no, not him. i actually kind of liked him. as icarus counts down to when the ship will be back on course, kinita finishes up the last panel, but he knows it's too late to try and make it back to the airlock. he turns to face and the last we see of him is engulfed in flame. cgi was a challenge when it came to creating the sun in the film. it ended up being the longest cgi sequencing ever done by a london production house, between the music and the visuals. this is such a stunning farewell to a character that actually seemed like he had two brain cells to rub together. as they assess the damage to icarus ii, harvey, who's now the captain explains that since the oxygen garden and reserve oxygen is gone, they won't have enough oxygen to make it to their mission. we now have no choice but to run over with icarus one. this sucks, because that was their plan this whole time. once about literally happened, just to kill kineta off. then they end up having to do it anyway. of course, right after hearing that information, corazon is already talking about how many people to get rid of so they do have enough oxygen. three to be exact. it would take getting rid of three people that are all necessary in their own way. everybody has their own job that makes them essential. and she's just ready to throw three of them out of the airlock. eventually, they hold it together long enough to reach icarus one, and the crew of icarus ii board it. and look around, 80 of all dust as human skin. well, now i'll never look at simple dust the same again. that means there's just pieces of human all over the place. these flash frames that happen whenever a crew member shines a flashlight at the screen are actually pictures of the original crew of icarus one. definitely threw me off. i thought i was looking at ghost for a second. after the crew explores the ship, they find that it has all of the oxygen they need, water, food and a running ship. there's no reason that the original crew shouldn't have made it to their destination. then a voice comes on over the computer, and he calls himself pinbacker. look at that distortion. so now that we've got some explanation on icarus one, we find out that a religious nut is the whole reason why they didn't make it in the first place. after the message finishes, mace finds out that the real reason they can't use the ship anymore is because someone has sabotaged the coolant system. and cyril finds the crew stroll explains that the whole crew actually burned themselves in the observation room with the shields fully down. oh god, what's wrong? now we are floating free from you can much more go completely wrong in such a short amount of time? i feel like not much time has passed, but everything has just gone wrong. after mace decides that kappa will take the one suit to get aboard icarus ii, he comes up with the brilliant idea of the other three being shot across space straight back to their ship with him. the temperature alone could kill them, but he rips insulation off of the ship to protect them during their free fly back to icarus ii. suro realizes that one person has to stay behind to handle the hatch operation, and he volunteers. well, goodbye, harvey. i've gotta say, for 2007, the effects and visuals for this are stunningly realistic. as the remaining crew members go over how they can save enough oxygen, they revisit the possibility of killing trey to make up for the three people they needed to get rid of before. mace takes it upon himself to kill trey, but when he goes out to do it, he sees that he won't have to after all. poor guy has been at risk for that ever since he caused the problems with the new trajectory. but at least none of the crew have to be murderers. now, may still blames kappa for making the initial decision to go off course to investigate icarus one, and he makes it very clear to everyone. i just want you to know that this belongs here. that's so cold. let's remember that kappa helped save mesa's life when they came back over. but mace just can't accept kappa's decision. shortly after, kappa decides to run diagnostics on all crew biometrics, and he discovers something terrifying. there are only four crew members, five crew members, what? [Music], pinbacker's design looks absolutely mortifying, like a burnt sack of potatoes. the last thing you want on your ship to save mankind is a man that thinks he's ready to see god. as kappa runs from pinbacker, he finally gets himself locked away from him. but pinbacker heads for icarus 2's coolant mainframe so he can repeat what he did on the first icarus. later, corazon discovers that not all of the plants were burnt in the fire, and she asked icarus to patch her through to the other characters. [Music], the sound of the scalpel going into her back was enough to make me go, oh damn. pinbacker continues on his quest to shut down icarus ii, and his next step is to cut the power. as cassie gets up to investigate, she notices pinbacker coming towards her in the hallway. mace gets to the control room where he brings back enough power to get in touch with kappa, who tells him of pinbacker's plan. mace takes it upon himself to get into the tank of coolant to try and save icarus. as mace reinstills power to icarus, cassie takes her shot at pinbacker. oh yeah. who knew cassie was so epic? mace gets icarus running a little more, but in order for him to break them out of orbit, he explains to kappa that he has to do it manually. mace isn't doing too well, but he forces himself back into the coolant to try and finish all of the repairs. as he tries to get out, his leg gets stuck under the mainframe. people are just dropping like flies at this point, and it's not looking too hopeful for humanity. at this point, kappa burns his way through the airlock that he's been locked behind, and he sends the other door careening into space along with the body of corazon. as kappa walks past the body of mace, he comes to the control panel that will allow him to deliver the payload, but without the option of propelling the ship away, he knows that he will not be able to survive the blast. as the timer counts down. kappa musters as much strength as he can to make his way to the end of the ship where he watches the bomb float in front of the sun. this is just stunning. between the visuals and the music, i'm so amazed. as the boosters on the bomb go off, we see icarus explode and burn from the sheer force of the payload. once kappa gets on board the payload, he rushes to the control so he can set it off manually. before he can make it, pinbacker grabs hold of kappa and tries to strangle him over the abyss. but that doesn't work out. why can't he just die? once they come to a stop, cassie tells kappa to finish the mission, and kappa makes it to the detonator of the bomb. i swear, i think every single way people have died in this movie are some of the absolute worst ways to go. they just look excruciating and nightmarish. back on earth, kappa's sister receives the message he sent before they enter the dead zone, and the sun shines radiantly across the planet, a sign that they did, in fact complete their mission. all in all, this film is a masterpiece, to be sure. the all-star cast is phenomenal, and the effects are mind-boggling, especially for the time the film came out. from a pure entertainment standpoint, sunshine is a gem for sure. i highly recommend this movie, and hopefully you'll enjoy it just as much as i did. thank you so much for watching this video, and i hope you enjoyed it. don't forget to like and subscribe if you'd like to see more videos like this one. definitely give the movie a shot, and don't forget to comment what you think i should watch next. i'll see you in the next video. 