before we begin, let me start by singing. let's discuss this, fine ladies apparel of this opening scene. it is not, in this area referred to as a muumuu. it is a gown. it may be worn anytime, morning, noon or night, which is why we also do not refer to it as a nightgown. maybe even one to church on Sunday morning, if your grandmom was too tired to put on her Sunday best, and you just sit in the pew praying this long enough that if she gets filled with the Holy Ghost, that thing don't fly up and show the whole flock her muumuu. Cameron, stop, mrs. Bing and the game over. man, man, please. our story begins in June 1969. co-writer with old buck while he and his wife puddin trying to save Joe, Joe and Toto. and ain't nobody here blessing two rings down in Oklahoma. hi mama. looks an awful lot like my grandmama and my stepmama, who may or may not be the same person. what here? you can see why the girl must be long. because you don't want this thing to fly up, because if it does, you're gonna wish that tornado it took killing us and down here in the cellar, which we all should have down here, but most of us can't afford so we just stand out on our front porch chill and hit our neighbors life. it sure is nice out here. well, somebody garbage can't get blowed over. and you laugh, because you know, somebody's baby diaper go end up. it's somebody gotten on the nice side of town. and on this rare occasion, our daddy in the South get taken away by a tornado instead of just not coming back from the stove. fast forward to the present day. see houses right there. and wow, these graphics aren't really, really bad. out here among all the miles of nothing. bill played by Bill and his fictional vampire of a girlfriend, on their way to meet his emotional vampire other wife. her name is Joe, as in the same Joe with Mama puddin and daddy buck, who was slipped up by that f5 tornado faster than mama puddin could slurp gravy up with a biscuit. Joe has a band of social, a distance, socially rejected miss friends. bill breaks the bad news to Joe that he's getting remarried, and she needs to hand over their divorce papers in a quickness. and Joe, Joe's welcome to Belle's fiance like, hi, I'm Joe. and Bill's fiance is like, Joe ho. and Joe's like, Joe worst nightmare. and Bill's fiance, henceforth referred to as dr. Melissa Reeves, is like, bail, make the bits and the paper boots. surprise. Joe has four of Bill's babies, Dorothy, Dorothy jr. Dorothy the third, and Dorothy's the fourth, which are all equipped with flashing lights and sirens. so when you put one of them she's in the way of a tornado, and somebody comes up on it who didn't otherwise see the big spinning cloud of death, doom and destruction dropping down on that says, Dorothy or junior or the third or the Falls, can flash and scream as if to say, move [ __ ]. get out the way. and they find out you're NATO about to blow us some trails somewhere or something, and they take off. and dammit, Jill worst nightmare never gave dr. Melissa Ricci on, say, the bloomin divorce papers. and Bill's like, once I catch you up with a llama hook up with Joe, worst nightmare. I mean, get it divorce papers signed, and you take my dodging, get the [ __ ] out of Dodge. and she's like, now, honey, I think spending a day with your crazy wife will be good for our relationship. I won't take long. didn't they see Bill's arrival Jonas Miller, who specializes in corporate butt-kissing. and dr. Melissa Reeves is like, honey, his diet. and Bill's like, if a piece of tuchus and that's wanting to get rich chasing tornadoes him. didn't stop to take us. and bill finds out Jonah stole his idea for Dorothy and named her do tea. don't doubt what a girl he got. when bill sees you stole his idea, he gonna get hot. and then inside, dr. Melissa Reeve says, I know what you're thinking. you're thinking, bill still wants getting Joe pants. [Music], there's another tornado blowing over some old trailer somewhere or something. and nothing lemonade. damn it. middle of a spat where bill tries to show Joel sighs his balls and Billy Joe, almost dad, but didn't, they don't. and dr. Melissa Reeves, almost dad's but did she don't. and everybody's worried, but Joe don't gush. so they take the Dodge and load her up with Dalton jr. and dr. Melissa Reeves is like, you gon go chasing you another one at that first one almost ripped you. it's a new wind tunnel. then another tornado blowing over some old trailer somewhere or something. and then I almost died. and then they don't. and everybody's like, you know, who lives near here, Joe? and then they go see Joe on and your uncle's them up a mess of something. but did she don't make no pudding because she don't want her to. my joy of her dead mama. they buried her in her gown. puddin bill. another tornado blowing over some old trailer somewhere or something. and I just want y'all to know, this is the coolest shot you ever gonna see of a small southern town. but this sprayer, all they're gonna do is make your sneeze, stick your head out the window and breathing, y'all. don't be picking falling boogers to the cows. come home. and then the crop duster comes. she can't even go outside. can cornfields. next time you go for your fruit, fruit coffee with some cold therapy. sweden's remember everybody down here now. she's had to suffer for it. and then elbows dad. and then they don't, but does. the junior takes a final trip down the yellow brick road, and then make a little stop at a motel connected to a drive-in theater. there another tornado blowing over some old trailer somewhere or something. and intervals, Jack and you need jump. then dr. Melissa Reeves is like, Bill, I love you, but I just can't live up to Joe tornado fetish. I may not be a smart woman, but I know what love is. [Music]. so we get the word - and Meg's in the path of another tornado blowing over some old trailer somewhere or something. and Joe sees the ghost of Mama's muumuus past. and then Joe almost dies. and this she don't. and then Joe, aren't dog almost dies. and did it. don't. there's no tornado blowing over some old trailer somewhere or something. then they decorate all the little Dulce balls with pinwheels. and then Elmo's dad, and then they don't. and then Elmo's dad, and then they don't. and then Elmo's job, and then they don't. so Jonah shows up, and bill tries to save the dumb bit and the toenails, like, good night, Wesley. good work. sleep well, I'll most likely kill you in the morning. or now, [Music], they're billing, don't get determined to save the day. looking at tornado, gonna update cornfield. ah. and then elbows dad. and then they don't. and then elbows jab, and then they don't. and then Elmo's dad, and then they don't. and then elbows dot. and then they don't. invent a couple of losing dose a dose of junior dosing. the third bill drives the dodge right into the damn thing. their bills. baby don't say the folktales that don't nail to suck her balls. and there's a long chains skip. and then they almost died. and then they do just plain they don't. oh, look another family, if it looks exactly like her family, because everybody loves the same down here. and Billy Joe discussed a future, and she's like, since we almost died and they were didn't, how'd you like a little flight through my joke, NATO perverts the end. be sure to like, share, subscribe for Joe regular fix of Mel thank you to these special patrons who donate ten dollars or more every month to keep messing up your favorite movies. Jennifer fee, Mario star kiddin dissing. Chris old, Dan W, whiskey. melissa s mie Maria T. Michelle W, granny L. Donna be Michelle see. David see fat cat. Sylvia and Kelly L for movies. explain fall. I'm Jeb a dial. Shanno, muffins. shine on 