wait a minute. what is your iq? do you sometimes wish you had even a higher iq than the one you currently possess? let's take things even higher. what do you think it takes to bring up a child with even a higher iq, which is exceptional? and what would you do to have such a child in your possession? today i will explain a drama comedy movie called gifted. frank adler, chris evans, is trying to get his niece, mary mckenna grace, to come out of the bathroom. she is not fond of the outfit she has to wear for what is to be her first day of school. frank and mary live in a small home with their one-eyed cat, fred. frank then goes to drop mary off at the bus stop. after she's gone, frank is spotted by his neighbor, roberta. octavia spencer. roberta follows frank into his house and tells him that he needs to do something for mary, or else he will lose her. mary begins her first day of first grade in math class taught by ms bonnie stevenson, jenny slate. bonnie asks basic math questions, but mary is displeased, since she knows more advanced math than the rest of the class. she solves a multiplication problem on her own and even states the square root of the number. principal davis elizabeth marvel enters the room, and mary shouts at her to call frank and get her out of class after school. frank picks mary up. bonnie runs outside to catch him and discuss mary's incredible knowledge of math. frank says that mary studied the trachtenberg method to allow herself to memorize equations and arithmetic computations. bonnie later looks up the trachtenberg method to see what frank was talking about. she also looks up mary's mother, frank's sister, diane, who was a brilliant mathematician until she committed suicide when mary was only six months old. frank takes mary out for a day at the beach on a boat, while also lecturing her on why she shouldn't have yelled at the principal. mary does appear to show remorse. later, frank goes to a bar he visits every every friday night, and finds bonnie coming in to approach him. she confronts frank about what he did and did not tell her truthfully about mary. frank explains how diane came to him one night, and he did not realize what she would do later. he found diane on the bathroom floor and has had mary ever since. mary is on the school bus and sees her classmate justin, michael kendall kaplan, walking with a zoo diorama that mary finds better than the one she made. another kid named ricky brody rose trips justin and causes him to break his diorama, mocking the poor boy in front of the other kids. mary yells at ricky for what he did, and when he asks what she'll do, mary grabs a textbook from another kid and whacks ricky in the face, breaking his nose. frank is called in after the incident. principal davis considers expelling mary, but then suggests granting her a scholarship to attend the oaks academy for gifted education, as someone with mary's intellect would be more suited for that environment. however, frank refuses to allow it, feeling that mary needs a normal education and childhood. mary later apologizes to her class for hitting ricky, but then takes the opportunity to mention how great justin's diorama was, leading the class to applaud the boy. frank and mary receive an unexpected visit from frank's estranged mother, evelyn lindsey duncan. she gives mary a laptop as a gift. evelyn then takes the time to criticize frank's living arrangements and mary's form of education, which doesn't surprise frank. she claims she is looking out for mary's best interest and asks frank what diane would think if she saw how mary lives now. evelyn wants to take mary and put give her the best education she can get to put more potential in her future. frank and evelyn then become involved in a custody battle. evelyn brings her lawyer, aubry highsmith, john finn, while frank is represented by greg cullen glenn plummer. highsmith argues that frank illegally gained custody of mary, while cullen defends frank's living conditions. it is settled that frank and mary will be checked on, while evelyn will have some time to herself with mary. frank leaves mary with roberta for the evening, while he goes out for drinks with bonnie. they eventually hook up, although bonnie is initially hesitant. the two sleep together, and mary unexpectedly goes over to her house the next morning. while bonnie is there wrapped in a bed sheet, mary catches her, and bonnie leaves extremely embarrassed. frank scolds mary for leaving roberta's home when she wasn't supposed to. so mary thinks frank can't have a personal life because of her. evelyn takes mary to boston. she shows mary pictures of diane and tells her about diane's research into the 