I sew models about to reach their 20th movie, which is freakin insane. of course, you could be out there studying real history, you know, learning about the Mesopotamian era and stuff it. since I'm not lynda.com, you know, I'm just gonna recap this fictional universe, catch you up on all the storylines that you need to know, get you caught up on all three phases, since there's always a lot of time in between. and since waiting for the next Marvel flick can give you anxiety, and you start missing all these characters, that's why you can always trust an Marvel Puzzle quest to fill that void while you wait. not only are they the sponsor for this video, you know, they're giving you this recap right here, but they're also Marvel's only official match three puzzle RPG for your phone. you can click that link down below and get this bad boy for free. that's right, I'll hook you up with the free apps. you can get this for your Android, your iPhone, Amazon store, steam, if you still got room in there. and again, zero six easy payments of nothing. you can create your own custom team with Ironman, Black Panther, ant-man, pretty much everyone who has movie and even Hawkeye. puzzle quest is over 150 characters, so you can even play as Deadpool and the x-men. there's a story mode and weekly events written by actual Marvel writers, tournaments and even an alliance feature. those of you, those of you who have friends out there. like I said, not only is it free and easy to play, but if you click the link down below, you can join the LME alliance and try to beat me, but also get some free tokens from the partners in crime vault. so you can, like, unlock characters such as ant-man, get a heads up on the game and get a bunch of other extra stuff. so shout out to marvel puzzle quests, are sponsoring this franchise recap for keeping you entertained on the go to the next one, because there's a lot of them out there. let me explain. so in the beginning, God created Adam and Eve. but then, like, in a completely other side, there was these six stones that appeared. of course, you got rounds, and you got planets and elders and all these other crazy stuff happening in space. but I'm just gonna fast-forward to the first avenger world war 2 times are happening. and we got Steve Rogers becoming a super soldier, becoming Captain America. and he just, he takes a super dive. his best friend, Bucky, eventually gets brainwashed after he too takes a super dive. and Hydra operative with a red face, loses as so as he gets beamed up by Scotty. moving a little bit forward in 1949, Poppa Stark and Peggy Carter, who never got that dance from Steve launch shield, which right away gets infiltrated by the bad guys at Hydra. that's like buying an iPhone without Apple care and dropping it as soon as you get out of the store. these news Hydra orchestrated a bunch of stuff, like the Vietnam War, Cuban Missile Crisis, they shot JFK. and we even learned that eventually they got Bucky in there to ruin Tonya Harding's life. there everywhere. the 60s and 70s is just a whole era of people getting jiggy with it, and then having a bunch of these superhero babies being born, 80s and 90s is all meant to set up future movies like he got Peter Quill's mom dying of cancer, which is owned dead. who's a planet cause? Bucky. Bruce waning tody by offing his parents when he was young, kill mongers. dad being killed by his own uncle, causing him to seek vengeance. it's there's just a lot of orphans in the MCU. in 2005 is when you get Bruce Banner, one of the, oh geez, in my opinion, becoming the first superhero. he goes from nerdy scientists too angry, or Shrek. but it's in 2010 when the first iron man is supposed to take place, as it was retconned, and nick fury's big week, the week we pretty much just recruits all of the Avengers. Tony Stark becomes Iron Man, publicly makes new friends. felt like an only child learning he's about to have a sibling. has to get along with his new partners. no hard feelings, Point Break. you got a mean swing. there's Thor, who starts off as a super boring bro dude, but after a haircut, will become your favorite. his parents were also liars. he had to kill his own sister, whole planet gets destroyed. and his brother, who's a super villain, and I'm pretty sure a heroin addict tries to take over the world. see you. so you kind of feel bad for the guy. The Hulk gets recast, yeah, huh? and then gets to like, pick and choose when he can use his powers. that's my secret. I'm always a Steve Rogers gets the Walt Disney treatment, and he's been cryogenically frozen. and, you know, besides supporting his buns in spandex, he's pretty much your grandpa who's trying to fit in with the times. I understood that reference black widow was that be a girl that everyone, I mean, everyone tries to copy. and Hawkeye is um Mel Katniss, but he's married to Linda Carter Nelly, so, you know, he still gets a pass. so now you got the team assembled, and the first person they fight is Loki, and they win. then they'd have to fight Tony's Terminator machine that he created. and they went, they then fight each other, and they also win, because in his universe, even when people die, they still come back in a snap. by Phase three, they copy the sokovia accords from The Incredibles, which is meant to ban superheroes all over the place. more superheroes pop out a man legally named Doctor Strange, of course, becomes a wizard who can control time. a teenager who's been rebooted three times finally has a right to hang out with the Avengers and get a hot aunts. you got the Avengers from space appearing an entire technologically advanced African country people didn't even know about, appearing. and Deadpool, not yet, but trust me, one day, he's gonna break before long. come in. because he done so far was when purple Barney, who's been binging the Left Behind series, it's super obsessed with rapturing up half of the population, and he actually does that, pulls a little John and then, poof. now, considering that the superheroes who disappeared, you know, they have upcoming movies, I'm pretty sure they won't just toss those storylines to the TV shows to be forgotten, like they've done in the past. but instead, are just gonna introduce more superheroes to appear out of nowhere to save the day for Marvel, where who are literally called Captain Marvel. thank you guys for watching this video. I know that there's gonna be some people are gonna say, oh, you missed this little detail. you missed this point right here. all this is more important. all this is a recap. I'll tell you this right here. there's it. there's a secret trick you can do to get every single detail from these Marvel movies, right? pretty much you go out, you rent, you buy the movie, and then you press that play button. of course, I got that mm video coming out for the sequel, so it'll definitely stay tuned for that. but if you like these franchise recaps, right? there's a lot of big franchise movies that are coming out, and I want to do these recap type of videos covering all those films. and that's a big things, of course, to the sponsor, Marvel Puzzle Quest. you know, you guys like the show, sharing, commenting, all that helps. but of course, sponsors like this that can hook you up with a free app, just click that link down below, that helps the channel, especially because I want to do more of these franchise recaps, but at the same time, you know, recapping a lot of these movies. boy, those claims out, those claims come out of nowhere all the time. so sponsors like this help keep the channel flow. and you guys who watch all the videos, so don't forget to comment, like, subscribe, share all that good stuff, and I will assemble more videos. 