hey, what's up guys. explanation pro is here. today i'll explain one of the most confusing movie title, tenet. so let's start the explanation without any delay. the movie begins in an opera house in kiev. while the orchestra is playing in front of a packed audience, armed men enter the scene and take the audience hostage. in a parked van outside, a group of undercover cia agents prepare to enter the opera house. they plan to blend with the rest of the police. as they enter the opera house, the main character, an unnamed protagonist, has a mission to extract a person in a box-like object. the protagonist manages to retrieve both safely. but he returns to the opera house to remove some bombs. he gets almost killed while removing a bomb, but a mysterious man strangely saves him. the bullet that the mysterious man fired seems to go in reverse. the protagonist manages to escape, but some men capture him on a railway. the men torture him, wanting him to tell the identity of his colleagues. but the protagonist remained silent after seeing a window of opportunity that his friend provided, the protagonist swallows a suicide pill and dies after that. however, the protagonist wakes up in a hospital bed. he learns from his boss that the pill is actually a test on whether he is loyal or not. of course, he passed. disheartened by what happened to him and his team, the protagonist wants to quit, but his boss gives him another assignment. his boss tells him to join an unknown organization named tenet. the protagonist prepares for his mission inside of a windmill. after that, the protagonist travels to a facility via ship and a car. once he gets there, a scientist meets and briefs him about the nature of inverted bullets. the scientist explains that the bullet's entropy is inverted, which means that it goes backward instead of forward. when a gun is fired, the gun is catching bullets. the protagonist asks the scientist where the bullets came from, and she replies by saying that they came from the future. she adds that the possibility of inverting a bullet could be catastrophic for the world, because it means that everything could be inverted or reversed. the protagonist traces the origin of the bullets from an arms dealer in mumbai named sanjay singh. the place where singh lives proves to be a challenge, and so the protagonist receives help from a man named neil. despite it being their first meeting, neil knows many things about the protagonist, which shocks the protagonist. together, the two of them enter sings place by bungie jumping upwards. there, the protagonist locates singh, who is talking to his wife. the protagonist threatens singh for information about the origin of the inverted bullets. singh's wife, priya, reveals that she is the arms dealer and that his husband is only a front of the business. priya tells him that she knows about tenet and that she sold the inverted bullets to a russian man named andre sater. she also tells him to talk to his contact that is out of seder's reach. after gathering the information needed, the protagonist and neil escaped by bungie jumping again. the protagonist immediately travels to britain to talk to priya's contact, sir michael crosby. while eating, crosby tells the protagonist that he can reach satyr through his estranged wife, catherine barton, or cat crosby, adds that the protagonist can approach cat if he shows her a fake goya painting, a forgery made by a man named areppo. kat and areppo were close, and sader knew about their relationship. after checking the fake goya painting and telling her about a repo, cat agrees to talk to the protagonist about the painting. cat tells the protagonist that the fake painting, which he auctioned to sader, is being used by his husband to blackmail cat, threatening her about being put to prison. cat also tells her about their time on ayat in vietnam, where sader offers cat her freedom, but as an exchange. cat will never see her son again because of this. kat finds the whole situation inescapable. soon after, sader's men arrive in the restaurant and immediately surround the two. cat leaves the restaurant through the kitchen. the protagonist attempts to follow her, but he is surrounded again by seder's men. the protagonist successfully fights his way off of the restaurant, but cat already left. when he's finished, the next day, the protagonist talks to kat again and asks her where sader keeps the drawing. kat tells him that the drawing is held inside a freeport storage facility in an airport at oslo. after neal successfully scouted the storage facility, he and the protagonist draws a plan to steal the drawing there. the plan is that they will pretend to enter the facility as rich men. at the same time, neil's connections will drive an airplane full of gold bars toward the storage facility. at first, the plan is going well as neil and the protagonist maneuvers the various rooms. after reaching the final room, the protagonist and neil get attacked by two mysterious men that emerged from a device. one of them is moving in reverse. neil chases the other one, while the protagonist fights the man moving in reverse, after defeating and catching one of them, the protagonist attempts to interview the mysterious man, shooting him in his right arm. but the man manages to escape. after what happened in oslo, the protagonist meets with priya again. she tells him that the device they saw in oslo is an inverting device called turnstile, which explains why one of the men is moving in reverse. priya also tells him that seder is gathering plutonium. the protagonist meets with cat again, lying to her about finding and destroying the drawing. he then asks her if she could introduce him to her husband, sader. kat is understandably hesitant, but the protagonist provides her with a well-researched alibi. afterward, the protagonist delivers cat to sader's yacht. there, sader asks cat about who the protagonist is. cat tells him that he is a friend of hers. that night, the protagonist meets sader over a dinner. seder orders for his execution, but later spares him when the protagonist picks his interest. sader then asks him to meet him tomorrow at 8 in the morning. the following day, sader reveals to kat that the drawing had not been destroyed on the oslo incident, which means that the protagonist had lied to cat. afterward, sader and kat meet up with the protagonist on a boat. cat removes sader's safety harness and throws him to the sea. in the middle of a boating activity, the protagonist saves sader's life. in the yacht, cat confronts the protagonist on his lie about the painting. she also misunderstands the protagonist's mission, as she thinks he's only there to make a deal with seder. regarding weapons, the protagonist tells her cryptically that satyr holds all of their lives, not just cats, in her son's lives. after seder summons him, the protagonist, before leaving the room, gives cat a gun to protect herself. in seder's room, seder talks to the protagonist about plutonium. here, sader reveals to the protagonist about his backstory, that he grew up in a secret soviet city called stock 12, and that he saw a box that contained a future message in bars of gold. after their talk, sader goes to his room and intends to punish cat for attempting to kill him. but before he can do any significant damage, his men inform him that a box had arrived outside. the protagonist witnesses a helicopter dropping a metal box to the yacht. seder opens the box and sees bars of gold. after noticing that one of it is missing, he sees one of his men had stashed it. sater then promptly beats him to death with the gold the protagonist is unaware that he has already seen sader's guard beats the protagonist up and delivers him to satyr. sader orders him to go to tallinn and steal an important object from a truck. after that, the protagonist meets up with neil to talk about a highway heist. meanwhile, seder brings his wife to a warehouse. cat threatened seder by pointing a gun at him, the same gun given by the protagonist earlier. but sader knows that cat cannot shoot him, and violently takes it off of here. he then beats her up. the protagonist and neil successfully pull the heist off by surrounding the truck with four different trucks. after noticing that the object inside the briefcase is not plutonium, but rather something else. they see a car driving backwards on the highway. the car shoots at them, misses, and then chases them. afterward, the backward car's passenger shows himself to be sader, pointing a gun at her wife's head. seder threatens the protagonist that if he does not hand off the object, he will shoot cat. the protagonist, having no choice, gives him the object, bouncing the briefcase on the hood of another backward moving white car. but this is a ruse, as the object is instead thrown inside of the white car. seder, however, leaves his wife in the car. after getting what he wants without its driver. and because cat is handcuffed, the protagonist jumps to the backward moving car and stops it before colliding with other vehicles. after saving cat, they get immediately surrounded by seder's men. after neil tells the protagonist that his allies are coming, the protagonist and cat gets kidnapped by seder's men, bringing them to warehouse shown earlier. inside there is a turnstile, and on the other side of the room, seder threatens the protagonist that he will kill her if he does not reveal the object's whereabouts. the protagonist tells sader that it is inside the glove box of their car. sader, despite of this, still shoots cat in the stomach. after this, neil's allies, who are actually the tenant, come in and save the protagonist. seder manages to escape. frustrated that seder seems to know all of their moves, the protagonist threatens neil one of neil's allies tells him that seder knows these things because he sends half of his men back in time to save cat. the protagonist decides to enter the turnstile along with cat and neal and move back in time to when the oslo incident happened. neil's allies brief him about what to do when he is inverted. he must wear an oxygen mask filled with inverted air, and the effects of temperatures are in reverse. the protagonist enters the turnstile, turns himself inverted and goes outside the warehouse to witness the world moving in reverse. he drives a white car and goes to the scene of the exchange. there, the inverted seder finds out that the protagonist has placed the object on the white car. after crashing the white car, sater successfully retrieves the object. the protagonist wakes up inside a cargo heading to oslo in reverse. here, neil tells both cat and the protagonist about the principle of inversion. he also tells them about sader's plan, which is to invert the world's entropy, thus making the whole world move back in time and then destroying it. they finally reach oslo on the night of the incident. but the protagonist finds a bullet hole in his right arm. before neal could heal it, they hear that the airplane had already hit the facility, signaling that they have to move. while dressed in police uniforms, the protagonist and neal carry cat inside the burning facility. the protagonist enters first, but finds out soon that he was actually the mysterious man he fought before. a fight ensues between the protagonist and his own self. it is also revealed that neil found out about the man's identity while he was chasing him. the protagonist successfully reaches the turnstile and signals neil tamu. after neil and kat also successfully used the turnstile, all of them escaped via an ambulance. now that they are not inverted, the protagonist sets up a meeting with priya in oslo. priya tells her that sader is collecting nine objects from the future to assemble an algorithm that will enable the inverse entropy of the world. the protagonist decides to stop sader, but not before he lets priya promise that both cat and her son will not be hurt. while aboard a ship the protagonist, neil, and cat, are planning how to handle seder. cat reveals that sader is dying from cancer. they then connect the dots that seder intends to kill himself during their trip to vietnam, and he wants to take the whole world with him. after this, the protagonist informs the tenant about their plan to go back in time on the day of cad and seder's vacation in vietnam. on that day, the tenant will go to seder's hometown, while cat distracts sader in vietnam. before leaving for the mission, the protagonist gives kat a phone to call him if she ever feels unsafe, instructing her to state her time and place. tenet splits into two teams, red team and blue team. the red team will comprise of troops that moves in regular time, while the blue team will comprise of inverted troops. the plan is that both teams will simultaneously go to the battlefield. the protagonist and the leader of red team ives will split from their team and handle the algorithm. on the day of the mission, cat goes to vietnam and manages to convince sader that she is her past self. meanwhile, a great battle ensues in stock 12 as both regular and inverted troops stormstock twelve. the protagonists and knives manage to split off. however, the entrance closes after they walk through a tripwire. inside the underground facility, the protagonist sees a dead blue team soldier on the ground. they struggle to open the door. on the other side, one of sader's henchmen handles the algorithm outside. neil, who is inverted, tries to warn the protagonist about the tripwire. he removes his inversion and reinverts a couple of times to warn them, but he fails again and again. the protagonist talks to sader to stop his plan, but sader is stubborn. he then orders his henchman to kill the protagonist, but this gets blocked by the dead blue soldier on the ground that returned to life and then runs away in reverse. afterward, then the protagonist attacks the henchmen and defeats him. he also manages to secure the algorithm. meanwhile, in vietnam, cat shoots sader, killing him. she then dives to the sea and leaves on a boat. after securing the algorithm, the three men the protagonist, neil and ives decide at first to separate the object and then kill themselves so that no one can find it. however, neil gives his peace to the protagonist. he also reveals that the protagonist is the one that recruited him to be part of the tenet in the future. he adds that they actually knew each other for a long time. but this doesn't happen yet. as neil is leaving, the protagonist notices his backpack is the same as the inverted, dead blue soldier that saves him earlier. the protagonist asks him if things will change in the future, to which neil answers that what's happened happened back in britain. priya attempts to assassinate cat for knowing too much, but the protagonist stops her by killing her after guessing what priya will do and receiving cat's call of her exact location in time. the movie ends with the protagonist concluding that he is the mastermind behind tenet. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 