welcome to the men of recaps. this is arrow season 5. in season 5, Oliver Queen is now the mayor of star city, but at night he still puts on the hood and beats up bad guys. team arrow is now just him in Felicity, who finally gets her own superhero name overwatch. his sister, Thea, is done with the vigilante life. she's now his full-time mayoral chief of staff. and John Diggle quit to to rejoin the army for some reason. there's a couple new vigilantes in town that team arrow could recruit. but Oliver doesn't play well with others. but when a new crime boss, Tobias Church, takes over all of her admits it's good to have some backup. so meet the new team arrow Renee Ramirez, his wild dog. he's the renegade that doesn't follow orders. you remember Curtis? he's already half on Team arrow, helping Felicity with computer stuff. but now he goes out in the field as mr. terrific. there's a teenage girl, Evelyn, who they briefly call Artemis. and Ragman. weirdest of all, it's thought he was a villain at first, but turns out he's just a kid with an ancient magical suit of rags. but Ragman has to use his rags to stop a nuclear bomb. it works, but it does destroy the suit. so he's out. there's another vigilante whose name is just vigilante. he doesn't join the team because he likes to kill bad guys. it's a very daredevil Punisher thing. more on him next season. pretty soon, John Diggle comes back. there's a corrupt general tried to frame him for stuff, and Oliver's got to break him out of prison. it's a whole thing. and also coming back is Laurel Lance. I told you, no one stays dead on this show. apparently she was rescued by the legends of tomorrow, cuz they're doing all sorts of time-travel stuff. but turns out the truth is even crazier. she's the super villain, black siren. laurels evil doppelganger from the parallel earth - you can blame the flash for that one. he gets into all sorts of multiverse shenanigans. in fact, remember John diggle's daughter, Sara? well, he's now his son, John jr. cuz the flash messed with the timeline on the big crossover event this season, they fight aliens. I'm not even gonna get into that. in any case, even Laurel makes it clear that she's bad to the bone. no chance of a Redemption arc, at least not till next season. by the way. good laurels father, Quentin Lance, is off the wagon. he's drinking again after Laurel died. belongs to a short Thea convinces him to sober up, and they make him deputy mayor. now there is a girl on this earth who got the Black Canary screen power. it's bad assets, cop Dinah Drake. she and her partner were undercover in Central City when the arc reactor exploded, giving her superpowers. long story short, the arrow recruits her, and they've got a new black canary. so Oliver gets all these new recruits trained up, and now team arrow is pretty huge. working together, they take down Tobias Church no problem. but turns out the real villain this season is Prometheus, the cleaner. his mom. his beef with the arrow is personal. his father was one of the corrupt businessmen that Oliver killed in season one. and turns out Evelyn is working for him. she blames green arrow for her parents deaths or something. so Prometheus lers arrow into a trap and tricks him into killing a police officer, the one that's been dating felicity yapple. Oliver is still broken up. and so that's an awkward conversation. eventually, we learned from me theses identity. he's new District Attorney Adrian chase, who's actually been friends with Oliver. Oliver can't just take him down. prometheus is always ten steps ahead. he's got the city turned on the green arrow for killing a cop and Plus in a fight. these two are evenly matched. and he's working with friends like Talia al Ghul. Ra's al Ghul's other daughter, who liked her father. so she hates Oliver for killing him. chase captures all of her and tortures him for a bit. he doesn't want to kill him, he wants to break him. so he makes Oliver admit to himself that he enjoys killing. so now feeling totally broken, all of her disbands team arrow and turns to an old friend, Anatoly of the Bratva. we learned Oliver was part of the Russian mob back in season one. how the heck did that happen. anyway, it's time for an island flashback. last season, he promised this girl that he would save her village by killing some bad guy. so this season's Island flashbacks takes place in Russia. Oliver meets up with his Russian best friend, Anatoly, who he met on the prison ship back on season 2. long story short, and it totally matches for him and all of her joins the Bratva. the guy he needs to kill is konstantin Kovar, played by Dolph Lundgren. but turns out this one Bravo captain is working for Kovar. so Oliver finds himself in the middle of a Bratva Civil War. but now Oliver is fully Jason Bourne John wick, badass. takes out all the guys. sometimes, while wearing the hood Cobar, almost gasps is the Russian government and takes over. but Oliver puts a stop to that and kills him. so now Oliver is finally ready to go home. he has Anatoly drop him off back on Lian Yu. he's gonna pretend he was shipwrecked here the whole time. instead of being a super spy, The Epoch castaway Beauty has was actually fake. and so finally, the island flashbacks have caught up to season one. so in the present, all of her calls on the Bratva to kill Prometheus. in exchange, he'll let them steal a bunch of drugs or something. but Diggle gives Oliver one of his famous John Diggle pep talks, like, hey, maybe you shouldn't be in the Russian mob. so Oliver reneged on his deal and quits the Bratva for good, which makes anatoly really mad. meanwhile, Felicity makes a new friend. it's a young hacktivist, just like she was. she's part of a super hacker group called helix, and she'll help Felicity get Prometheus in exchange for Felicity helping helix rescue their leader, Kayden James. more on him next season. and so they find the evidence they need to put Adrian chase away. but turns out that's all part of his plan. his friends on the outside kidnap all of all of his friends, including his son William. so to keep them safe, Oliver's gotta break Adrian out of prison and let him get away. now, anytime Thea's in danger, you know who shows up. it's Malcolm Merlyn. he's still real mad at Oliver for cutting off his hand last season, but he's always down to help Thea. Oliver also calls in Nyssa al Ghul who still technically his wife, and they fly off for the final showdown on Lian Yu. Oliver recruits another old enemy here, mother-effing slade wilson. he's had a long time now to sober up from his mirakuru madness. he apologizes for killing Oliver's mom and stuff. so Slade Wilson's a good guy again. god, I love him. together, they rescue all of his friends, and he and Felicity start smooching full Oliver's back on Thea has a complicated relationship with her father. she mostly hates him cuz he's evil. but when she steps on a landmine, Merlyn knocks her off and takes her place. he stays behind so they can get away, and blows himself up. no, Merlyn, yeah, don't cry. I don't believe for one second that he's gonna stay dad. if nothing else, he can always cameo on legends of tomorrow. then the al Ghul sisters have an al Ghul duel. long story, short, Nyssa wins. so Oliver's rescued everyone, except for his son, where there's my son. so they have their final showdown on a boat where he has william captive. now prometheus is crazy. his whole thing is that he wants all of her to kill him, to prove that he's a killer. but he's rigged explosives to go off when he dies, covering the entire island. so Oliver has to choose between all of his friends and family or the son that he barely knows, a difficult dilemma, to be sure. but Oliver cheats by shooting from atheists in the foot. smart move, that would have worked. but Prometheus shoots himself, and, boom, all of Lian Yu explodes, killing everyone on the show. and that's how season 5 comes to an end. [Music], 