we start the movie, and we know that dom spends his honeymoon with letty in cuba, and then starts a race with his cousin's slow car. and the car is burning. and in the end, dom win the race. and in some day, dom meets cipher, who is considered one of the most powerful hackers. and she threatens him because she kidnapped elena and made him work for her against his team. at the same time, hobbs know about the magnetic wave weapon that exist in berlin, and this is the same weapon that cipher wants. so they went to their mission and completed the task. but they were shocked by dom, who turned against them and took the weapon after hitting hobbs. after that, hobbs went to jail, and he refused the help from mr nobody. [Music]. but he did not sit much in prison, because they put him in front of deckard shaw. and mr nobody helped them. he opened the prison doors, and it became a long fight. [Music]. and they were shocked that mr nobody was waiting for them. and he took them to his new base and explained to them more about cipher and her cooperation with dom. and they were surprised that deckard would work with them. and they used the god's eye to know the location of cipher. and suddenly, cipher and dom attacked them, and she was talked from them the god's eye device. and she threatened dom more after shocked him with his son, who did not know anything about him. and she used the god's eye and located the location of the russian minister of defense, who has the code of activation nuclear bombs. and dom began his mission and took five minutes to meet with deckard show mother, who agreed with her on a certain plan. returned to complete his mission. and cipher controlling many cars and besieging the russian minister up defense. and dom took the code, and his mission succeeded. and a meeting took place between him and his old team, and they tried to stop him, and it became a violent fight between them. but dom got rid of them and he completed his mission. but unfortunately, cipher killed elena, and dom cried. and after the investigations they made that were able to know cipher's intentions, which wants to control the russian submarine with the bomb. so they gathered at the russian military base dom came and turn on the electromagnetic wave weapon. and he enter and cipher began to hacking the submarine. at the same time, the team intervened and controlled the situation of the bombs after they pulled out the control chip. so their plans were to close the dam and prevent the submarine from getting out of this place. [Music]. in the same time, dick and his brother owen get into cipher plane. [Music], and owen was able to control the plane, and his brother, deckard was able to take dom's son and start the action and defend the boy. finally, he reached cipher, but unfortunately, she jumped out of the plane and ran away. dom returned back to his team, and he helped them and directed the missile that was directed at them to the submarine. and they blew up the submarine. and their mission succeeded. [Music]. and they reconciled with deckard shaw. and dom announced the name of his son, brian, and they clapped and began to pray. [Music], you 