welcome to synopsis recap. today we are going to tell the story of a movie called the day the earth stood still. have fun and enjoy. of course, there are spoilers ahead. in a snowstorm, a mountain climber gets out of his tent and notices something strange from afar. he walks towards what appears to be a glowing sphere and makes contact with the surface. then the bright light shines towards him, and he becomes unconscious. when he wakes up, he notices a scar on his hand where his dna is taken, and the glowing object has disappeared. we meet helen, who is an astrobiologist and a professor that lives alone with her eight-year-old stepson, jacob. while making dinner, she receives a phone call where the government requires her assistance. immediately she opens the front door and sees government agents surrounding her house. with no choice, she leaves her son with her neighbor and gets in the car. she demands to know what's going on, but the agent can't tell her, as he doesn't know either. she arrives in the military base and enters a helicopter where a group of scientists are being gathered too. she is then greeted by maiko, a nasa official and old friend of hers, who brings her to the debriefing about what's going on. apparently, an object moving one-tenth the speed of light has entered our solar system and altered its direction towards earth just moments ago. they have about 70 minutes before impact, and the government plans to launch missiles at it in order to stop the collision with earth. worried about her son, helen calls jacob and tells them to hide in the basement. but she realizes that if impact occurs, there is nowhere anyone can hide from this disaster. the military takes the scientists close to the projected impact zone, but as the object gets closer to the earth, their missile launch system malfunctions, crippling their only defense. surprisingly, the object is slowing down as it approaches earth. a massive glowing light appears in the sky and flies towards the public park, where it lands in front of everyone. they move closer to the object, and it appears to be the same sphere that was in the beginning of the film. the military arrives and surrounds the object, pointing their guns at it and ready to fire. a sphere glows with bright light, and a silhouette of the creature appears. ellen moves forward and tries to make contact, but a gunshot fired and the creature drops to the ground. bulhelm holds it in her arms. suddenly, a tall figure walks out and begins shutting off all the weapons and systems, then paralyzing everyone. it tries to attack helen, but stops at the alien's command and proceeds to move back. the military brings the alien back into their laboratory and tries their best to save the creature. although they succeeded at stabilizing its heartbeat, the outer skin begins peeling off, and they're shocked to see a human lying inside. while many spheres have landed on earth, spreading in every corner of the world, the doctors learned that the alien took samples of animals dna and was essentially reborn into the body of a human being in order to survive. by this time, they approach the now conscious alien and demands to know his business on earth. we learn that he represents a collection of civilizations that exists all around earth, and his name is kladu, and he wants to speak to the united nations. regina, united states secretary of defense, refuses to allow him. she asks him what he wants from our planet, to which the alien responds that the earth does not belong to humans. frustrated at his apparent disobedience, regina plans to have clatu sedated and tortured. at the great disapproval from everyone else. ellen disobeys her order to sedate claddo and only injected water into his system rather than sedating him, while telling him to run. vladio manages to set himself free and breaks out of the military facility. he arrives at the train station and plans to leave, but faints to the ground from the gun wounds earlier. he manages to call helen, who comes quickly to the station to pick him up with jacob. she wants to know if he's a friend to humans, to which clatter replies that he's a friend to earth. on the other side, the military tries their best efforts to destroy the giant humanoid, but their attacks are useless at making any damages as the machine destroys all the human weapons. plato has a conversation with jacob. while helen is driving, jacob shows extreme hostility towards the alien and believes that humans should kill him right away. he wants to know what claddy thinks that humans should do to this alien, but kladu doesn't believe that humans have any choice. they stop at the mcdonald's and clatter meets another alien from their civilization. they talk about the violent nature of humanity and how human seems to be incapable of change. but this confirmation in his prior experience, cladu decides to proceed with the plan of destroying human civilization. surprisingly, the other alien refuses to leave earth, even though he will die alongside humanity. he believes that with all the negative aspects humans display, they also have a side which deserves to be treasured. he loves the family he's built on this planet, and can no longer leave them for anything else. ellen drives the alien to another location. while they wait in the car, cladoo goes towards the pond and summons a sphere, which appears from underwater. all the animals from everywhere around the world begins going into the spheres, and they all eventually levitate away from earth into the atmosphere with glowing lights. the only sphere that doesn't appear to have left is the largest one where the humanoid machine is guarding over. platu comes out from the forest, and helen asks him to tell her what is really going on. he explains that humans are killing the earth, and he's here to save the planet. there are very few planets in the universe that can support life, and earth is too valuable to be destroyed. as they argue about what to do with humanity, a police officer manages to find their location, but when he tries to arrest the alien clad who kills him immediately. however, he was able to resurrect him, as he only wanted the officer out of the way and did not want to kill him. his actions shock and frightens both helen and jacob. helen begs him to spare humanity, as she believes that human beings can change. clady disagrees, as he tried to speak with the human leaders with reason, but only resulted in violence. ellen quickly explains that regina does not represent humanity, and she would gladly take him to someone who does. on the other side, the government agents finally figured out that the spheres are ships which attempts to save the animals on earth, but they fear that what comes after may wipe out humanity. they manage to capture the humanoid machine by not using any violence, and proceeds to bring it to their underground facility. ellen takes claddoo to meet a nobel prize winning physicist. and claddy demonstrates his understanding of the universe by solving the equations easily on the blackboard. the man immediately realizes that he's the alien from the news, and they begin a deep conversation about human nature. the physicist thinks that humanity can change and learn from their lessons, but only if they're pushed to the brink of destruction. we also know that claudio civilization undergone dramatic changes when they had to salvage their dying son. the physicists pleased for claddo to not take away this moment from humanity where human civilization can finally transcend into something greater. their debate is cut short when the military shows up around the facility. as jacob called them because of his hatred to the alien. they tried to escape away from the house and into the forest, but helen is captured by the helicopters and taken away. two more helicopters arrive towards them and prepares to shoot a cladoo, but he manages to disable them with his powers. frightened at what he just witnessed, jacob runs to the opposite direction, but trips and nearly falls to his death. pladue saves the boy and calmly tells him to move forwards away from the danger. daca pleads for the alien to bring him home, to which clado agrees. ellen is brought to the secretary of defense and tries to convince her to let her go. helen states that the only way to save humanity is to let her convince kladu that they can change. regina refuses her pleads and proceeds to try and destroy the humanoid robot. the scientists try to continue to run experiments on the alien machine, but their attempts have failed. suddenly, the worker inside the room begins bleeding as his suit is being chewed up by nanoscopic robots from the humanoid a panic and tries to incinerate everything. but the robot stands unharmed, while everything around it begins to break down in the molecular level. the nanobits rush out of the military base and proceeds to destroy everything, while becoming larger as it consumes and replicates. after receiving news that their facility is destroyed, regina chooses to allow helen to leave as a last attempt to save humanity from destruction. ellen manages to call her son, and jacob arranges for them to meet in a location that he has chosen. being saved by the alien, jacob began seeing him from a different perspective and apologizes for trying to kill him earlier. jacob brings claddu to where they'll meet his mother, which turns out to be the cemetery where his father is buried. he begs the alien to revive his father, but kladu tells the boy that there are some things that he can't do. he tells jacob not be sad, as nothing in this universe truly dies. they simply transform into something else. instead, feeling hopeless, jacob tells claddu to leave as he kneels in despair, crying in front of the gravestone. as his mother finally arrives to him and tries to comfort him, they both admit that they miss jacob's father a great deal, and they embrace as tears fall from their eyes. plato watches the man begins empathizing for their loss. he starts to understand that there is more to humans than just destruction. he decides to give humans a second chance, but is unsure whether if he can stop the nanobits. michael takes them towards the sphere. missiles are fired towards their vehicle, which flips their car. michael dies in the accident, while claddo escapes with helen and jacob into shelter. banana bits swarm towards the park as their numbers block out the sunlight. jacob becomes weak and faint as the nanobits have entered his body. helen begs claddu to save her son, which claddy manages to do by containing the nanobits in his own body. he looks at helen and tells her that the physicist was right about humans. vladio then proceeds to enter the cloud of nanobits, trying to disable them. clatter glows in a bright light and gets consumed by the nanobits, which triggers a large shock wave that disables everything around them, all the nanobits fall from the sky as everything electronic on the planet has become disabled as well. helen and jacob walks towards the park as they stare at the sphere while it levitates and leaves the earth, giving humans a second chance. and here is where our movie's story ends. if you like the video, please subscribe, leave a like and turn on the notification. thank you for watching. 