Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you An American thriller film called Contagion, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. This Movie is about a virus that spreads like wildfire, and it infected many parts of the world, and a group of people whose lives are affected by it. The movie starts with Day-2 written and we see Beth Emhoff, she is at an airport in Chicago, she gets a call from John, her ex-boyfriend, they both had a hormone sandwich, and he says it was a good sandwich. In Hong Kong, we see a man who seems dizzy, he then goes to home and he is sweating crazily. In London, England, Same thing is happening with a girl. Few hours later, her family finds her dead in their washroom. In Minnesota, U.S, Beth comes back to their family from her trip. In Tokyo Japan, a man is seen having similar symptoms. The man in Hong Kong seems to be feeling dizzy as he walks in an animal meat market, and he cannot walk properly, and he gets hit by a truck. Day 3, In Atlanta, Georgia, at Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we see Morpheus, I mean Dr. Ellis helping a Janitor in finding a good doctor for his son. In San Francisco California, there are two people watching news, in which people are dying due to sudden sickness, A guy named Alan, speculates that this sickness is due to contaminated fish, and soon it will take the entire planet, he tries to convince his boss to write on this, but she is not buying it and he leaves. Later, we see Mitch Emhoff, husband of Beth, he is there to pick up his son, who is coughing and has a fever. Day 4, Beth looks like she\xe2\x80\x99s sick, suddenly she feels dizzy, and she drops on the floor, and she has seizure, their son watches all this, Mitch takes her to hospital. She gets seizure there again. Later, the doctor comes to him and says that her heart stopped working and she is dead, Mitch cannot process this, and he says can I talk to her now, Doctor tries to explain, he says she only had a fever, doctor says they don\xe2\x80\x99t know the cause of death, and they wish to do autopsy. Soon, Mitch yells at him to do something. Later, in car Mitch gets a call from their babysitter, he gets to home and rushes to room of his son, unfortunately he finds his son dead. Day 5, In Geneva Switzerland, we see Dr. Leonora, going to the headquarters of W.H.O. In China, a lady is found dead in a bus. The virus has infected the highly populated area in Kowloon Hong Kong, the health experts talk about how it can spread like wildfire if not contained properly withing few days. They also have 5 people dead in London. In Chicago, A man named Neo is taken to hospital, doctors start doing autopsy of Beth, they open her skull, then they stop, a doctor says if he should call someone, the doctor says call everyone. Day 6, Dr. Ellis, and Dr. Erin Mears are trying to track down every person who might be exposed to the virus and they think it might be a bioweapon. Later, Erin goes to Minnesota from Atlanta to get some samples and meet a team of experts. In Minnesota, Mitch is quarantined in a closed room doctors find him naturally immune, and he talks to his daughter, Jory, on a phone, he assures her that he is fine, and nothing will happen to him. He\xe2\x80\x99s glad that his daughter wasn\xe2\x80\x99t at home to be exposed to it. Erin meets Department of Homeland Security representatives, Erin speculates this virus might be spreading through fomites, a transmission through surfaces like, elevator buttons, doorknobs, and those things. A representative says that people will freak out if they release this news and she is against releasing the information to people. Then Erin tries to explain them by giving examples of similar diseases, she says Flu can transmit the disease to 1 person, Smallpox multiplies it to 3 people, and Polio without vaccine multiplies and infect 4 to 6 people, but this new virus is way ahead of that transmission rate, and she\xe2\x80\x99s afraid sometimes healthy people can transmit it without getting infected as well. In a CDC Lab, Ian and Ally are examining the virus as they speak to each other that 60 people are dead and around 600 people are infected. She tries to understand it that it has characteristics of a novel virus and appears to be primary in origin and it mutates as well. Alan tries to ask some questions like is it a Bioweapon to the head of CDC, Dr. Ian. Day 7, Dr. Ellis is stopped by Dennis from Homeland Security, they want him to go with him. The group of Intelligence officers see the pictures and they think there might be a connection of it not being a natural virus. They think it might be an attack, they are closing down the schools by saying they\xe2\x80\x99re closing them for few days only. Later, Erin goes to Beth\xe2\x80\x99s workplace, and she talk to them to see if anyone was also exposed to the virus, none of them interacted directly with Beth after she came back from China, but they mention that one co-worker Barnes picked her form the airport, she rushes and she asks him to get off the bus immediately, that he might be infected. He seems to be coughing and he looks sick, sooner, the crew of doctors arrives there. Later, a doctor goes to Mitch to ask some questions about Beth, the doctor reveals she spent five hours in Chicago, and they want to know if she met anyone when she left the airport, Mitch seems to be shocked, and he realizes she only knew one person in Chicago which is her ex-boyfriend, John. Later, a lab scientist explains to Dr. Ellis that the virus infects humans, and the virus has protein that is from a Bat and a Pig, they\xe2\x80\x99re confused, and she speculates that this kind of hybrid virus might have been developed in a Lab. The virus has 20% mortality rate, and the virus is mutating drastically. Dr. Ellis orders that only their group will work on it, since they don\xe2\x80\x99t want the virus to leak outside the lab. Then Ally calls Ian, who is working on the virus himself to find a cure to stop his research immediately. Day 8, Dr. Ellis makes a news conference and announces the virus infecting people in California, Illinois, and other states. As of now the infected people worldwide are 89 thousand and expected to be 287,000 in 1 week. They decide to send Dr. Leonora to Hong Kong, so they can investigate the origin of the virus, upon arrival, she is met by Sun Feng. They track down the credit card statements of Beth and go to a casino and make a list of people she might have interacted with. In the conference, they estimate the virus to grow 2 times in 14 days, reporters ask them if they found any cure, but they say no. In Hong Kong, they find traces of virus on many surfaces. Later, Ian is in a restaurant he says people coughing, so goes against the order of Dr. Ally and keeps working on it, fortunately he grew the virus in a particular bat cell, which is the first step of making a vaccine. Dr. Ellis tracks it down from their system. Day 12, the news spread everywhere that Dr. Ian found a way that might lead in discovering a vaccine. As of Today, the virus has infected 8 million people worldwide. Alan the blogger is in a park with a guy from pharmaceutical company, where Alan claims that he knows what the cure is, and it is Forsythia, and he wants 2 million for it. Later, Dr. Erin tells Mitch that he is immune to the virus, he asks then why they don\xe2\x80\x99t make vaccine from his blood cells, the doctors say it can take very long that way. Later, Dr. Erin goes with her co-worker to convert stadium into an emergency care hospital. Dr. Ellis calls Erin, they talk a bit and Erin feels bad that they haven\xe2\x80\x99t told Mitch that his wife was cheating on him before she died, he suggests her to take some rest. The next day, Andrew, boyfriend of Jory, is there to give some flowers but Mitch sends him away and he suggests that they shouldn't meet each other. Later Leonora is watching the casino footage again and Beth is seen enjoying her time, she also sees her first interaction with the casino chips. Leonora speculates that virus was originated from the casino not from Russia, but the Hong Kong officials make fun of her that she can\xe2\x80\x99t see a virus through a footage. Day 14, Erin wakes up coughing, sooner she realizes that she has the virus, so she asks the hotel staff to give her the list of everyone who served room, since they might be infected as well. She then calls Dr. Ellis and unfortunately, she tells him that she is infected too, he assures her nothing will happen to her and to Hang in there. Later, Mitch meets a guy from funeral services and Mitch wants to bury his wife and his son, but the guy denies him by saying he can no longer get their bodies. Later, in casino tapes we see, Beth calling John that she can take early flight so she can meet him for 5 hours if he is ready to spend some time, and then she takes cocktails but forgets her phone so the Ukrainian lady gives it to her, and they speculate she might have infected her, or she might be infected from her, after she leaves, we see a waiter grabbing her glass, and the waiter is the same guy who passed away earlier and had symptoms in him. Sooner, Sun Feng claims he read on the internet that Americans and French Governments have found the cure but they\xe2\x80\x99re hiding it. She then leaves and he makes a phone call. The car stops suddenly and few people from van come out and they abduct her, Sun feng says this is the only way, then they take her to an isolated village, he shows them his villagers, and he says he is going to use her as a leverage to get vaccines for his people. Later, Erin is coughing on a bed in the same stadium she planned to use as emergency ward. Later that night, Dr. Ellis tries to convince the authorities to move her from there to a better hospital room, but the homeland security guy says its waste of resources. We see Alan making a video and he claims that he is infected, and he is taking Forsythia, claiming again that it is the cure. Dr. Ellis sees this video, he then calls his wife and tells her that the government is planning to quarantine the city and abandon It from other cities to stop the spread of virus, so he asks her to immediately leave Chicago and drive by herself to Atlanta city to his place and do not say it to anyone. We see the janitor from earlier, he says he got family in Chicago and leaves. Later, wife of Ellis is picking up supplies, and she gets a call from her friend, and she spills the beans. The military prepares to lockdown the city. Day 18, after the viral blog of Alan, there is a huge lineup outside Pharmacy to get Forsythia, they inform that they will only distribute 50 doses and people start panicking and attacking the facility. Mitch and his daughter go to a convenient store, but the city is in chaos and sick people walking and coughing. He then tries to go to another city but finds out that the border is sealed so they move back.. The next day, Alan is distributing flyers that government is lying to people and Forsythia is the cure. He notices his boss sitting outside a house, earlier we saw him convincing her that the virus is a bioweapon, and she didn\xe2\x80\x99t believe him, she then asks him if he has any Forsythia and she is pregnant and dying, she offers him money, but he says he will bring it to her when he gets it. In the stadium, Erin sees a man shivering from cold and they ran out of blankets, so she tries to help him, but she is too weak, and she dies. Dr. Ellis goes to a news channel, the reporter asks him what he thinks about Forsythia, he suggests that the drugs are being evaluated and the best thing people can do is wash their hands and social distance. Alan works for the same channel, he says that the cure is being taken from the world by C.D.C and W.H.O, to allow friends and family of authorities to benefit financially from it. Ellis insists that they are working on with pharmaceutical companies to find a vaccine, and there is no science to backup Forsythia. Alan claims that on Facebook wife of Ellis posted that the city will be under full lockdown few hours before the government announcing it. The homeland security officials are disappointed about the leak of news, but they don\xe2\x80\x99t have anyone to replace him with. Day 21, Ally discovers that the virus is mutating, and the new strain is more deadly, and it spreads 4 times more faster. They\xe2\x80\x99ve been testing on monkeys, but they haven\xe2\x80\x99t found any new achievement yet. The mortality rate is 25 to 30% and without the vaccine approximately 1 in 10 people will contract the disease. Alan comes across the picture of his boss, she died due to the virus, and he walks away from there. Day 26, the military is distributing rations and Mitch is there too, they announce they ran out of supplies and people start attacking and panicking and they take over military truck. Later that night, Mitch hears gun shots in their neighbour\xe2\x80\x99s house he decides to call 911 but the line is busy due to the chaos. Day 29, Mitch decides to break into their neighbour\xe2\x80\x99s house, he goes to the garage and takes a gun and comes back. He sees that Jory is in the backyard with Andrew, he gets up on her and leans for a kiss, but Mitch comes there and throws him away, and orders him to go home. Back in CDC, Ally calls Ellis and updates him on the status of vaccine that it still needs many trials and monkeys keep dying, Ellis suggests that when found they should mix it in water supplies of the city so they can cure everyone at once, she wishes him merry Christmas and hangs up. Later, she looks at a scared monkey and she opens the box, and she decides to inject herself with it. She then goes to a hospital, and she meets her father, she removes the masks, he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want her to get infected, but she assures him that she is just following her dad\xe2\x80\x99s path who found a vaccine to a disease and tested it on himself. Later, we see FDA approving it and producing it in mass quantity, but the first dose will take 90 days and it will take one year for everyone in world to get it. Day 131, We see a group of people broke into house of Ellis and his wife is tied up, they\xe2\x80\x99re looking for the vaccine there since he works for CDC. Later, Ellis comes back to home, and he asks her if they harmed her. The next day, Alan is talking to the pharmaceutical guy, and he claims that when Spanish flu came millions of people got rich from it, and he is doing the same, and he does not care if Forsythia works or not. He asks him if he did it on purpose, he says he did it to get rich like the bigger companies. He then notices a suspicious man and realizes he\xe2\x80\x99s been watched; they arrest him for security fraud and for possible manslaughter. Day 133, In a news conference, the Officer from Homeland security announces that there not enough vaccines available for everyone yet, so they are having a lottery to distribute it fairy, and they choose a date of birth, March 10, and it will be distributed to people born on that day, Jory and Mitch watches it from their home and Jory thinks she might be immune like her dad. She then texts Andrew from Nostalgic iPhone. In Hong Kong, is teaching the village kids and she seems like she got adjusted to the captivity. Sun Fend informs her that the government has agreed to give them 100 doses of vaccine in exchange of her. They take her to the site and meet a man from the embassy. They make the exchange and Leonora is free now. When they\xe2\x80\x99re at the airport the man from embassy reveals that they gave the villagers poison instead of the real one and they can\xe2\x80\x99t afford to negotiate with kidnappers. Leonora is in shock, and she runs from there knowing that the children in village will take it. Later, we see a person scanning the barcode on Mitch\xe2\x80\x99s hand as a new rule to see who is immune and vaccinated. Later, an officer tells Alan that his blood result shows that he was never infected, which means he faked being sick and pushed everyone to take Forsythia, which made him over 4.5 million dollars and that now people don\xe2\x80\x99t trust on government, one of his followers bails him out. Later we see that finally, Dr. Ellis is given two doses one for his wife and one for him, but he gracefully gives it to the son the Janitor that works with him. Later that night, he gives another shot to his wife, and gives her that bracelet. Day 135, Alan resumed is daily activities to spread conspiracy theories. In the lab, Dr. Ally puts the virus in a box in liquid nitrogen storage with other deadly viruses as a part of history now and they leave. Mitch turns on the camera of Beth that he found and looks at the pictures she took there, Jory is dressed for prom and her father lets her meet Andrew that he is vaccinated now, in the room Mitch breaks down. Then the movies goes back to Day 1, where it is shown that in a pig farm, a but dropped its poo and one of the pig ate it, and got infected, then that pig was touched by a chef and Beth wanted to take picture with him, and it infected her from there. And the movie Ends, let me know in the comments what do you think about the movie and please like &amp; subscribe it really helps the channel. 