welcome back to movietella. first of all, thank you for your continued support. your support is the reason i keep making movie recap videos. spoiler alert, movie plot and twists will be revealed, so you may want to go see the movie first. this time i'm going to treat you to a 2006 dystopian science fiction comedy film called idiocracy. in 2005, u.s army librarian corporal joe bowers is selected for a suspended animation experiment as the most average individual in the entire armed forces. lacking a suitable female candidate, the military hires a prostitute named rita by bribing her pimp upgrade. when the officer in charge is arrested for running his own prostitution ring under upgrade's tutelage, the experiment is forgotten. over the next five centuries, societal expectations lead the most intelligent humans to choose not to have children, while the least intelligent reproduce indiscriminately, creating increasingly dumber generations. in 2505, joe and rita's suspension chambers are unearthed by the collapse of a mountain-sized garbage pile. joe's chamber crashes into the apartment of frito-pendiho. wandering around what was once washington, d.c, joe finds a population that has become profoundly anti-intellectual, speaking only low registers of english and wallowing in over-consumption and crass popular entertainment. technology is advanced, but often malfunctioning, driven by garish commercialism. believing he is hallucinating, after a year of hibernation, joe enters a hospital and realizes the truth. arrested for not having a barcode tattoo to pay for his doctor's appointment, he is sent to prison after being assigned the grossly incompetent pendiho as his lawyer. rita also leaves her chamber, resuming work as a prostitute, but soon realizes that people have become so stupid that she can charge customers money without actual services. joe is renamed, not sure, by a faulty speech recognition, tattooing machine, and takes a rudimentary iq test, then tricks a guard by claiming that he is meant to be released, and simply runs out the door, successfully escaping prison in one piece. he finds fredo, who reveals that a time machine exists to return him to 2005. and joe bribes him with promises of riches through compound interest on a bank account he will open for frito in the 21st century, leading joe and rita to the time machine, frito takes them into a gigantic costco store, where joe is identified by a tattoo scanner and apprehended to the white house. joe is appointed secretary of the interior as the iq test identifies him as the most intelligent person alive. president camacho introduces joe to the cabinet and gives him the impossible job of fixing the nationwide food shortages, dust bowls and crippled economy. within a week, joe discovers that the nation's crops are irrigated with brondo, a thirst mutilator whose parent corporation owns the fda, fcc and usda. when joe has the irrigation system replaced with water, brondo's stock drops to zero, and half of the population lose their jobs, causing mass riots. joe is sentenced to die in a monster truck demolition derby featuring undefeated rehabilitation officer beef supreme. however, beef's oversized vehicle is crushed trying to enter the arena, and joe manages to defeat the other vehicles. rita and frito discover that joe's reintroduction of water to the soil has allowed vegetation to grow. showing the sprouting crops on the stadium's jumbotron prompts camacho's presidential pardon. joe and rita decide to stay in the future, although later they discover they had no choice, as the time machine frido mentioned is merely a childishly inaccurate history-themed amusement ride. following camacho's term, joe is elected president and marries rita. they conceive the world's three smartest children, while new vice president frito takes eight wives and fathers 32 of the world's stupidest children. in a post-credit scene, upgrade awakens from a suspension chamber, setting off in search of rita. if you enjoyed this video, help me grow my channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 