welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. and after over 500 days of no new marvel content, the mcu is back with one division. the disney plus series has a lot to unpack from it. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down episodes one and two, pointing out all the easter eggs, giving our theories and explaining the ending. up top, we're going to be dropping some big fan theories, and then we'll continue with our more traditional breakdown. but it's all going to be time coded in the description below, if you want to skip ahead, don't know yet. now, the last time we saw vision, he was giving a piece of his mind to thanos, and wanda was moping around after the avengers saved the universe. cheer up, love, it's a funeral. the series itself picks up with us having very little idea over what it is exactly that's going on and why the characters are in this strange 1950s sitcom. now, in death, vision actually turned gray, and this was similar to his silver costume in the comics. that became a big part of the character, though we know from the trailers that that won't remain. i love the black and white aesthetic here that sort of ties into that easter egg. and who knows, he may turn back to being grey at some point. as for wonder, she's clearly created this pocket dimension. and though we don't know exactly what's going on just yet, there was a big clue in one of the tv spots that was recently released. now i just want to give a huge shout outs to aqui stats on twitter for sending me this through. and the trailer ends, like most do, with a voice over announcing when it's coming out. however, instead of saying, streaming friday, it sounds like he says, dreaming friday. and when you turn on the closed captions, you can see that that is indeed the case, an original series streaming friday exclusively on disney plus. swan division, an original series streaming friday exclusively on disney plus. the mistake seems deliberate. and to me, it's hinting that wonder is actually dreaming this entire reality, and due to her powers, it may have manifested. this could mean that the character is actually asleep at the center of it all, and the reality is building up around her. the characters that we see throughout the episodes could have been sucked into this, and this is why they're unable to remember exactly what's going on outside. the people that the pair interact with could have been doctors or psychologists on the outside, trying to help her with their grief, and they've become trapped in this dimension and are unable to escape from it. visions tie could also be hinting at people being enclosed in something. and from what we see on it, it has a rectangle with two dots inside of it. these two dots could represent both wonder and vision who are stuck inside this box that the former has dreamt up. anyway, this streaming instead of streaming is a small thing, so i may have nothing going on, but i definitely thought that i'd drop it in before we got deeper into the episode. there are rumors that nightmare is actually going to be a big villain in doctor strange 2, and that this show will tie directly into that. so dreams and nightmares in general could reflect the way that things are going forward. now that brings us to another big character who could, in fact have helped wonder create this reality. catherine harness playing a nosy neighbor. and we now know that her name is definitely agnes. throughout the trailers, we've seen that she actually appears as a witch at one point. and to me, this solidifies the theory that she is agatha hawkness. if you take the first syllable of her name, i.e ag and then add the last syllable of her surname, i.e ness, and push them together, you get agnes. so to me, yeah, it definitely lines up. now now recently she was shown in the posters wearing a stone around her neck, which is also a common motif of agatha harkness. so it's all starting to fall into place, isn't it? she just seems to be having a blast. and in case you don't know, agatha herself is a witch that's over thousands of years old. in the comics, she's been both an ally in villain to wonder, but she could have helped her to create the reality and have ulterior motives behind it. hell, she may even be working for nightmare herself. and perhaps what they're doing will be similar to how loki was the big bad of the avengers, but thanos was actually the one behind the scenes who was controlling it all. so lots and lots of theories there. and if you're enjoying these points so far, then i'd love it if you click the thumbs up button. i think i'm one of the only big channels that didn't get early access to one division, which i found a bit weird. so even if you just do that little thing, it massively supports me. there was a bit of drama behind the scenes that i might talk about in an upcoming video, but you'll have to subscribe to stick around and hear what that is. hey, lord, you're in right there. now, as for the episodes themselves, they actually call back to several old sitcoms from the 50s and 60s. the dick van dyke show, never bathed on a saturday features a dress that wonder wears at one point. and there's also an episode of bewitch that has a variety act, which is similar to what wonder and vision dress up as. sorry, nice that they're paying homage to what's come before. we join them as they drive towards west view. having just been married in infinity war, the pair's dream was always to run away together, so it makes sense that they'd escape to the fictional location of west view. now, in story writing, when things go west, it means that they've either fallen apart or have changed from what they originally were. this term originates from the first world war, and thus it carries some significance. here, a west view of the world would mean that things have changed drastically, which is likely why the dimension is the way that it is. could be reaching there. now, i don't know what tv shows wonder got growing up, but clearly they influenced her into creating this idyllic world. vision is a character that could not be brought back because of the snap. and thus wanda has likely held a grudge against reality, so this is why she has created her own. now, on top of the tv shows, this setting is also inspired by the graphic novel vision from tom king, in that the character lived out the ideal life with a manufactured family, but things slowly started to fall apart. in the background, we can hear a jolly old theme tune, and vision heights face from the mailman, purely because he's not in his human form. they enter the house, which is numbered to 800. and this could be a reference to earth 2 800 from the marvel comics, though that's that's probably also a reach. now, though they are married at this point, we discover later on that they don't have rings, which shows the contradictions in the world and where things don't line up. in a complete opposite of the mcu. we see vision with a newspaper. and when you look at the headline, it states, little baby jane's first words tickle her mother. on earth, 616 people have been dead for five years and then were mysteriously brought back. so this taking up the front page shows how disconnected everything is. it also shows how pristine and perfect that this world is, even though everyone should be very miserable. yay, depression. now, vision's dress code in general, is very similar to the husband from bewitched, and it's nice that they've paid this close attention to detail, even down to the costume design. we discover on the calendar that their anniversary is on the 23rd. and this number 23 could also be a reference to the 23 mcu films that have come before this series. on top of the number is a heart. and this ties in divisions boss coming over for dinner, who just so happens to be called mr hot. now, the name mr hart could be a reference to agent heart, or jonathan hart from the comics. both are quite high powered beings. and though i don't think this guy will go forward to be a super powered hero, it could be setting things up. now, agnes comes over and discusses her anniversary being on june 2nd. and this is actually the day that the marvel digital store closed. and it just so happens to be my dad's birthday as well. so, you know, it's, it's all connected. now we see that vision's work, that he can move at super speed. and at the end of the second episode, discover that wonder is pregnant. from the trailers, we know that the pair are having twins, and these will likely be wicking in speed. the super speed that vision displays here will clearly be inherited. and thus it's laying the groundwork for a lot of things to come throughout. both entries are these commercials that kind of play on advertisements at the time, but they also have some subtext which which does kind of hint out what's going on. in the first one, we see a stock industries toaster, which carries a lot with it from wander's backstory, we know that a stock missile landed in front of her when she was a child, and because it didn't explode, her and her brother were forced to look at it for days. stark holds a lot of things over her young life, as does strzoker, whose watch appears as a commercial in the second entry that has a hydra logo on it. and he was being revealed as one of their agents who had been experimenting on both wonder and pietro. therefore, we can gather that these products are somewhat influenced by her subconscious and it does further confirm that she is the one controlling the reality. now, the toaster starts to flash red. and i believe that this is the outside world, namely the agents of sword, trying to infiltrate the dimension. they would likely be using stock tech in order to do this, as the industry is laced throughout the majority of 616 society. in case you don't know who the agents of sword are, they basically deal with space and interdimensional issues, whereas the agents of shield deal with problems on earth. they go beyond that. but they're likely doing this on our planet because marvel studios just hate the agents of shield for for some reason. bring back daisy. now, mr and mrs hart arrive at the visions, and the latter is played by deborah joe rupp, who you may know from the sitcom, that 70s show, which the series will likely be riffing on. agnes comes over and helps wander to prepare food. and when the table is getting made, we can see a wine bottle with the letter m on the neck. on the label itself is maison du maypri. and this translates to house of contempt, the use of m here. and house, of course, ties into house of m which is a story that relates heavily to this series. at the end of the run, wanda actually wiped out the majority of mutants on earth. however, here it could be possible that she births them into existence, which could mean that the x-men can feature in the show going forward, or just the the marvel universe in general. now, the group will sit around and have dinner, and the boss starts to go wild when trying to find out what their history is. again, this could tie into him being a doctor or psychologist, and he is remembering his life outside the dimension in which he was trying to find out what was going on. the last time my boss spoke to me i quit my job to do youtube full-time, and i tell you what, i would have made him choke as well one day. clearly isn't too happy about them asking deep questions either. and the last she starts to go wild. now it is rumored that in doctor strange too, that the madness in the title, in the multiverse of madness, will indeed be her. mrs harp pretty much breaks through the illusion in order to tell her to stop making him choke. and it's clear that she wants to remain in this reality and will cause issues for those that try and take her out of this. the pair leave seemingly even unable to remember the events that have just transpired, showing that wonder can also alter the consciousness of those trapped in this space. the end of the episode has his cut to the agents of sword watching things play out on screen. and in episode 2, they send in what looks like a drone, before a beekeeper climbs out of a sewer. at the end. on his back is the logo of the agency. so we do know that they are indeed one in the same. now jump over to episode 2, and this time we see an animated intro for the series this is extremely similar the one used for i dream of genie, which this episode is clearly riffing upon. now we watch wonder envision preparing for a magic show that they perform later on in the episode. on the cabinet that the pair use, we can see the mind stone, which is, of course, a big part of vision's character. the extent of what's going on also stretches beyond that, as we discover the axe name is glamour and illusion. everything going on in the show is, of course, an illusion, and this could hint that wonder is even subconsciously aware of what's going on. now, the people in and around her could either be trapped or be part of the illusion. there are rumors that both the grim reaper and mephisto will be appearing in the show. and if i had to put money on who they are, i would probably guess the mailman, dennis and maybe dottie. there are a range of possibilities over who they could all be, but for the meantime, yeah, that that's, that's my guess. i swear i don't know for definite. now, dennis, of course, travels to town, looking in on people through the guise of being a mailman, and dottie pretty much controls all the ins and outs of the city. from agnes, we learn that she's infiltrated all parts of society and is the key to everything, making me believe that she is a higher power. however, she does bleed, showing that she's not actually in control of the reality. so maybe her being being that is just simply a misdirect. now at the meeting, we're also introduced to monica rambo, who he last saw as a kid in captain marvel. from the behind the scenes images, we know that she's actually an agent of sword. and if you know her from the comics, then you'll be well aware that there's a lot in store for her. in the source material, rambo is actually a hero known as photon, and thus it is possible that she ends up gaining these abilities by being in this reality. now, vision ends up eating chewing gum, and this gets clogged in his gears and makes him seem drunk. honestly, this performance really didn't gel with me that much. and i have to say that on the whole, i'm still a bit unsure of the whole concept. i'm not sure if this is gonna work for nine episodes, and to me, it feels like a bit of a weird art project that's going on far too long. it's really hard to kind of vibe with it right now because we don't really know what's happening behind the scenes. and i wish that we had at least some setup to give context to the event, because i feel like a lot of people will become lost due to the strangeness of it. however, these are only the first two episodes, so it may grow on me as things progress. marvel are often accused of not taking chances, and they do hear, but i just feel like the whole concept is a bit too short to sustain interest without knowing more about what's going on in the background. anyway, the pair do a magic show in which vision actually carries out miracles, and wonder must cover for him so that they don't stand out. i guess they never saw the prestige, because a magic show is actually the only place you can get away with stuff like this. but they cover it up to the point that even the dude who looks like david schwimmer doesn't realize what's going on. i think i feel kind of bad calling him david schumer, i may get to all the time. and if you're watching this, mate, uh, i'm sorry for for doing such a played out joke. that's, that's probably ruined your life. my bad. now, after the gum is pulled out from vision, they're awarded the prize from dutty, and it looks like things are gonna be just swell. the pair return to their house, and wanda wishes herself into pregnancy after saying that the children will need popcorn. the pair are interrupted by a noise from outside, and this is where they encounter the beekeeper. now, there are a lot of theories that this is mephisto, but as we've said, yeah, he's got a sword logo on the back, so he's not. mate, you can shut the hell up. they'll be swarming around him all creepy as hell though. but i just feel like this is part of the costume and nothing more. of course, let me know if i'm wrong, though. now wonder then rewinds time and completely changes the reality to be a 70s show. a 70s show? is that even a pun? we don't know. but we know that going forward, the era in which episode 3 takes place will be that one. and it'll finally add a bit of color to the proceedings. now, as mentioned earlier, the twins will be born, and these will be the mutants wiccan and speed. this opens the door, not only to the mutants in the mcu, but it, of course, sets up the x-men, who likely appear in phase 5, i'm guessing. now we end with the radio broadcast saying, who's doing this to you wonder? which does confirm that there is an outside force. but due to the dreaming comment, i think that they may have just enabled wanda to bring on herself, rather than forcing her through it. as a whole, i did feel like this was a bit all over the place. and even judging some of them, the early social media reactions, it just seems very divisive. marvel have made 23 great films though, so i'll give them the benefit of the doubt for now, but we'll see what happens in the next one. anyway, that wraps up the first two episodes. and i'd, of course, love to hear your thoughts on it. i've seen a lot of people say that they loved it, a lot of people confused, and some are just saying that this is the worst mcu thing that they've ever seen. what matters though, is what you think. and as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw in which we're giving away three copies of the hobbit and lord of the rings, 4k box sets to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on you and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episodes. you want to follow us on twitter, instagram, or come chat to us on discord, and that's going to be linked in the description below. and we'd love to have you as part of the family. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the theories on the season, which will be linked on screen right now. we go over the best of them. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. anyway, if not, thanks for watching. until the end of the video, i've been paul. you been the best. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 