[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2008 superhero film Ironman. so let's get started. the film opens with genius billionaire and playboy Tony Stark, owner of Stark Industries, a weapons company, and his friend, Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes, demonstrating a new Jericho missile. the demonstration is ambushed and Stark is wounded and captured by a terrorist group. the ten rings another prisoner, inson, grabs an electromagnet into Tony's chest to keep shrapnel shards from reaching his heart. the two prisoners refused to build the Jericho missile in exchange for freedom, and instead build an arc reactor, power source and a suit of armor to escape. their plans are discovered. an instant sacrifices himself. while the suit is completed. stark battles his way out of the cave, burns the terrorists weapons and crashes in the desert, destroying the suit. after being rescued by Rhodes, Stark announces that his company will no longer manufacture weapons. Obadiah Stane, his father's old partner in the company's manager, advises stark against this. and his home workshop, Stark built a sleeker, more powerful version of the armored suit, as well as a more powerful arc reactor for his chest. Stark is then informed that his company's weapons were delivered to ten rings and are being used to attack instance home village. Stark also learned Stane is trying to replace him as head of the company. Stark uses his new armor and saves the villagers. while flying home, Stark is shot by fighter jets, who reveals his secret identity Rhodes to end the attack. meanwhile, ten rings gather the prototype suit and meet with Stane, who has the group executed. state has a massive new suit engineered from the wreckage. Stark sends his assistant, Pepper Potts, to hack into staines computer. she discovers stains has been supplying the terrorists and hired them to kill Stark. at the beginning of the film, Potts meets with agent Phil Coulson of shield to inform him of stains a these stains scientists cannot duplicate Starks arc reactor, so stain confronts Stark at his home and takes the one from his chest. Stark replaces it with his original reactor. pots and shield agents attempt her arrest stain, but he uses the suit and attacks them. stark fights stain, but is outmatched without his new reactor. the fight carries stark and stained the top the stark industry building. and star construct spots to overload the large arc reactor powering the building. this unleashes a massive electrical surge that causes staining his armor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him. the next day, at a press conference, stark Papa Liam it's to being the superhero Ironman. in a post-credits scene, shield director Nick Fury visits stark at his home wanting to discuss the Avenger initiative. so that was the spoilers for Iron Man. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 