welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to start a string of bacon rich films with a 1999 ghost story stir of echoes. the next time you find yourself in a highly suggestible state, watch this video and subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open on a house with a boy and a bath talking to no one we can see, while the baconator strums his guitar in the background as he sets up for bedtime stories. we learn jake is one of those kinds of kids, does it hurt to be dead? you know? perceptive. downstairs, we learn through maggie's sister lisa, that maggie is with child, and we see from tom's behavior that he's a bit of a dick. his motivation seems to be that he's driven by feelings of inadequacy derived from the high and unrequited expectations he's set for his life path. with the stage set, the young couple heads across the street to a house party full of thirsty midlifers. as it eventually winds down, lisa fills the conversational lull by over sharing about her interest in hypnosis. this salty, blue-collar gang of materialists are initially unimpressed, but after poking at tommy's sore spot, regarding his limited life experience, she goads him into being a test subject. she takes him through a visualization exercise that puts him in a deep state of suggestiveness, and he wakes up to find that they've been poking him with needles and uproariously laughing at his childhood traumas. so you know, these guys like the party. that night, they have some clothes on, sex interrupted by violent visions. tom tries to push through, but goes limp at the thought of fingernails coming out. he tries to find a consumable fluid that will clear his mind, but the visions persist, and jake knowingly offers him creepy comfort, don't be afraid of it, daddy. when he manages to circle back with lisa on this, she admits to leaving a vague post-hypnotic suggestion about keeping his mind open, which sounds responsible. that friday, debbie, the sitter, shows up, and thomas some strange visions that leave him unsettled and eventually cause him to run back home. meanwhile, debbie hears jake talking to who he identifies as samantha, prompting her to exert her babysitter authority to remove him from the home. so when tom returns to the empty house, he has to follow the red eventually finding them at the train station. as they sort it, we learned debbie was bringing jake to her mom to answer questions about samantha, her sister, who's been missing for six months. tom recognizes her from his hallucinations, but says nothing. at home, they have some questions for jake, who, like all children who speak with dead persons, decides to play it super cash and mostly ignores them. as tom becomes obsessed with this, he checks with harry, his landlord, to verify if samantha ever lived in the house. he confirms that she has not. then tom has a vision of his buddy frank, telling him he's in danger. when he wakes up and pursues the sequence of his vision, he finds frank's son with a bullet lodged in his chesticles. later on, as they engage in normal activities, samantha's icy presence turns maggie's hot steamer into a polar plunge, directing her toward the basement. when she emerges, she finds tom deep in another vision, quest this one with physical manifestations. this drives tom to lisa's house desperate for a follow-up session to drive this crap out of his mind hole. unfortunately, this time he's unable to rid himself those who have taken residence in his consciousness, and the exercise does little more than leave him with a new directive. maggie comes home later with groceries and discovers the boys getting up to their new hobby. she has several questions, some about his activities and some about his tats. he insists he has to dig, he's just not sure where. and he impolitely declines her request that he cease and desist. he recognizes his harshness and tries to make it up to her by guzzling juice and apologizing. but then awkwardly premonites that maggie's grandmother has died, right before she gets the call. the tragedy initially unites them again, only to be torn asunder when he's surprised that she expects him to pause his project to attend the funeral. i mean, it's not his grandma, and he's making such good progress here. so they leave the dirt ball to his work. but fairly soon thereafter, his water cuts off, forcing him into the basement. now while there, he gets a little tickle in his ball sack, prompting him to take on a more significant project. after a trip to the tool rental shop, he lugs an air compressor inside and gets to jacket on that concrete pad. when maggie calls to check in later, he lies and says he's feeling fine and basically done digging. but then he attempts to sidestep any suggestions about coming to the funeral, so she announces her intent to come pick him up. this forces him to hurry up and try to finish before she gets there. through this effort, he accidentally knocks the facade off a fake wall, revealing a void that contains a desiccated corpse. he touches its hand and gets a full multi-camera flashback, revealing some of the neighborhood boys lured her into the house and then escalated the situation. in classic shit-bag fashion, tom decides to give frank the courtesy of letting him know about his son's activities firsthand before calling the police. and even invites him back to view the body. turns out frank's seen it before, as the fathers were complicit in protecting their sons. then frank warns him away, and a shot rings out. all this noise has attracted harry's attention, who arrives under the auspices of coming to check on his property. they pounce on tom in short order, but are delayed in their murderous intent by maggie's arrival. sensing something is off, she arms herself and enters, eventually being forced to stab some fools before frank returns from the dead to finish them off, having achieved full closure. now samantha wanders off into the light, and the family moves out, as jake soaks in the secret whispers of the neighborhood. just a quick reminder that i've created a website that allows you to make donations to support the channel. any donation earns you a link to an uncensored, 10 minute video featuring toby hooper's life force. any support is greatly appreciated. stir of echoes was a competently constructed ghost thriller, but it also indulged in some common tropes and has a very distinctly 90s feel to it, although that's something many people are probably nostalgic for. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 