hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2019 superhero thriller film glass. so let's get started. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see a summary for them, please check out the link in the cards above. superhuman David Dunn and his son Joseph, have been working together to take down criminals. they set out to save for cheerleaders that Kevin Wendel crumb has abducted. David free is the girls, but is attacked by Kevin's superhuman alter ego, the Beast. their fight spills onto the streets for the police, led by dr. Ellie staple, arrest them. David and Kevin are sent to an institution where Elijah Prince, David's sworn enemy, known as mr. glass, was sent 19 years ago. dr. staple claims that they have been given three days to persuade David, Kevin and Elijah that they are normal people, otherwise they will have to be turned over for trial. Elijah breaks in a Kevin's cell, promising to break him and David out. the following night, Elijah convinces the Beast to battle David to reveal the existence of superhumans to the world. he tells David he plans to kill hundreds of people unless David escapes his cell and stops him. meanwhile, Joseph miss price, Elijah's mom and Cassie, a survivor from the Beast, arrive at the hospital. David and the beasts fight outside the hospital. Joseph reveals to the bees that Elijah created the train wreck that killed Kevin's father, which is the same train crash that Elijah caused to find David in the first unbreakable film. the Beast attacks Elijah. he throws David into a water tank and begins to strangle him. David regains enough strength to escape. Casey confronts the beasts, turning him back into the personality Kevin, and he is killed by dr. stables team. David is also killed by being drowned in water. as Elijah dies, dr. stable reveals to him that she is part of a global network that has masterminded the suppression and genocide of superhumans for several millennia. dr. staple deletes the security footage and reports her mission as a success. Elijah had been live streaming the footage to his mother, mispriced, and joseph and casey released the footage, revealing the existence of superhumans the public as the film ends. so that was the spoilers for glass. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 