welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host. definition in this video, were breaking down the haunting of Hill House. when the show first aired on Netflix in 2018, it completely blew me away, and today, it stands as my favorite TV show of all time. it was expertly written, had a ton of hidden things in it, and with the release of its sequel to you later this year, now is the perfect time to revisit it. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down the show's hidden twist, ending, pointing out all the background ghosts, and also giving our theories on how it could all just be in the characters minds. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, and I highly recommend that you turn off now, make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy it. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of the haunting of Hill House. okay. so the haunting of Hill House sent us around the crane family, and it takes place over two time periods. initially, we join them in 1992 as they purchased the property with the goal of renovating and selling it. however, strange things began to happen. and slowly the group are haunted by the mysterious ghosts that have it the walls of the home. the mother of the family, Olivia, tormented by the spirits, has a complete mental breakdown. one night, she tries to poison a children, Nell and Luke, and also Luke's best friend, Abigail Dudley. she succeeds in killing the latter, and Hugh, the father of the family, flees with the children into the night. the second time period is set 26 years later, and it focuses on the cranes dealing with their childhood trauma. Nell returns to the home and apparently hangs herself. and the group are forced to reunite with one another in order to save Luke. they returned to the house, and in the end, Hugh gives himself up to it in order to free them from its grasp. and he's reunited with his wife and daughter in the afterlife. the rest of the cranes all go on to confront their demons, and they all lived happily ever after. that's a basic plot. overview. but there's actually a lot of things going on in the series that really make it stand out. firstly are the hidden ghosts, which pop up throughout the season in the background of scenes. I've taken a ton of notes and watched the entire series on a large projector. I think I caught them all. but if I didn't, make sure you comment below and let us know if we missed any of the hidden ghouls. I've also used screenshots as opposed to footage on the whole, because some of these literally appear on screen for a split second. anyway, the first one doesn't appear until 33 minutes and 33 seconds into the first episode. throughout the scene in which huge talks to Steve about escaping the property, you can barely make out someone in the corner of the room. however, when Hugh picks Steve up and turns to face the door, you can quite clearly make out a woman standing there and watching them as they go to leave the property. we can actually see three standing in the door frames as they run down the stairs. the first is a woman standing under the archway, and the other two are a man and woman who are standing on the opposite side. the final one in the episode happens at the 50 minute and 44 second mark, and we can see a man's face behind some furniture, looking over live shoulder. he moves backwards as the conversation goes on, but it's just so creepy seeing him staring over them. in episode 2, early on, at the full minute marker, we can see a woman standing behind a tree in the garden. there's also a figure that can be seen standing in the dining room. it looks really blurred and it is difficult to make out. however, in the next shot of a live shoulder, we see that the figure has disappeared. so we can tell that it was a ghost. now, the next one isn't a ghost per se, but it does indicate that there may be one that we just can't see. at the 36 minute and 36 second mark, we can see that Olivia's hair falls very strangely, almost like it's being pulled. it's a very subtle detail, and one that doesn't pop up again through the series, but I just thought I'd include it in here as it is. yeah, it's just very strange. now, episode 3 has the most ghosts in it, and this may be because the episode centers around Theo, who, he learned, possesses a sixth sense. the first one is in a real blink in your missing moment that happens as she walks into the kitchen. and in the top window of the door, we can see a creepy figure staring at her. when she exits the kitchen with Luke. later on, we can also see the figure of man standing in front of a mirror. it's very difficult to see as it is quite obscured, but in motion, the person is clearly there. now at the 28 minute and 25 second mark, we can see Theo investigating the boiler, and clearly there is no one standing in the room with however, in the reverse shot, we can see that there is indeed someone in the room, standing in the corner. not long after, Theo opens the trapdoor, and in a blink in your missing moment, we can see someone standing behind the ladder to get down there. and another blink in your miss at moment at the 38th minute and seventeen second mark, we can see a woman standing beside the dining room table. 39 minutes and 41 seconds in, has a man standing in a doorway as Theo walks past it. and seconds later, we can then see a woman standing under an archway, looking at Theo and live. the final one for the episode comes at the 50 minute and 52 second mark, and it takes place roughly over a second. as the family run out to meet one another, you can see a man standing behind a lampshade. episode 4 has a couple in it, and at 8 minutes we get the appearance of two. firstly, we see an extremely blurry figure standing behind a chair. and then later in the same minute, we see a woman standing at the bottom of the corridor. she's still quite blurry, but she's a bit easier to make out than the one that preceded her. at the 14 and a half minute mark, we can see two standing in a doorway as Luke runs down the stairs. similar to Luke, they both have bowler hats. and I'll discuss how this ties in to each person's individual terror later in the video. at the three minute mark of episode 5, we can see a woman standing behind lips shoulder. it's very dark in the actual show, but if you turn the brightness up, you can clearly make out the figure. Nell. it's late a stalk by your figure under the piano. and though, again, it's difficult to make out its face and body. you can see its hands pressed against the floor as it listens in on their talking with their mother. we also see a figure standing behind the character at the 23 minute mark, and this one just creeps the hell out of me. episode 6 has a kind of obvious warn at the 14 and a half minute mark, with Nell standing behind the family as they look over her body. this one is a bit more subtle, but at the 41 minute mark, as live enters the room looking for now, we can see that the statue heads are facing a certain way. however, we can later see that one of them turns when Liv goes back into the corridor. at 42 minutes and 13 seconds. we can also see a woman sat on the bed as live continues a search for now. episode 7 has a very brief one, as Hugh clears out the mold, and we can see a woman staring at him from behind a pillar. later, the same woman appears in the same room with a hand behind a police officer. I guess she must have had a free schedule that day. now, episode 8 doesn't really have many ghosts in it, and this may be because we see it from Steve's POV. and he doesn't really believe in them. however, at the six minute and 45 second mark, he does pass a clock repairman on the stairs that we later learn as a ghost episode 9, has a lot more than the prior entry. and at the 1 minute 15 mark, we can see a man standing under an archway. at 8:09, the clock fixer is back on the stairs. and at the 8:12 mark, we can see a woman in the kitchen looking at the children through a window. that one, that one is designed to give you nightmares. 22 minutes and 48 seconds in, and the clock repair guy is back on the stairs for the final time. and at 35 minutes and 55 seconds, we can see a man standing under an archway as they say goodbye to live also, the motel that Olivia stays in is the same one that Nell did before she made a final visit to the house. at 39 34, we can see the shadow of a woman standing under an archway. and as we know, this is a prominent place for ghosts to stand about in Olivia also calls Shirley her kitten, which may be a reference to the dead kittens that Shirley looked after, which we'll talk about in just a bit. episode 10 doesn't really have any hidden ghosts, but there are a craft and that follows Steve out as he exits the property. this showcases all of the victims that the house is claiming over the heirs, and lets us know that this isn't a very nice place. now there are a ton of other moments of foreshadowing throughout the piece as well. for example, when Nell hangs herself, though we don't discover this until much later, all of the cranes wake up at the exact same moment that it happens and clasp their throats. this is most noticeable in Luke, who has a shared empathy with his twin sister, and therefore he feels it more. Olivia also tells the children that when the porch light is on that it's time to come home. when Nell returns home, the lights flare up, signaling her to do this. she also sees them at the vending machine before making the trip back to the house. in Episode two, the porch light on the forever house model flashes to indicate this. and in Episode four, when the man with the bowler hat stalks Luke, it is revealed to be Olivia who shines light in his face. at one point in the series, Theo gets asked if she can feel the cold spot in the house. cold spots and fiction often indicate that ghosts are present. but Thea replies by saying that the whole house is cold. this doesn't mean that the temperature is bad and that they need to get some radiators, but it actually means that it's full of ghosts, which Theo would be more susceptible to, as she has psychic abilities. as children surely in Thea or in a room and they hear banging on the walls indoors, which scares the life out of them later. this is repeated in the funeral home when they're arguing a Halloween. and it shows the house often brings things back to torment the family. in Episode four, Olivia also points the stairway and states that she doesn't like the ropes there, as she can picture bodies hanging from it. this would of course, be the spot at which Yunel ended a life in the very same manner. there's probably a hell of a lot more, but those are the main hidden aspects within the show. but what about the hidden aspects of its ending? well, in order to discuss that, we have to discuss the house itself. now from the offer, we get the sense that Hill House is just pure evil. it torches its occupants and feeds them with hallucinations that slowly drive them insane. it can bend space and time, resurrect the dead. and because of the mold that exists within the house, even the air itself is a poisonous gas. the houses main goal is to feed upon the living through driving them to take their own lives. and it does this through carefully curated ghosts, inspectors that prey on the crane family's worst fears. each ghoul an apparition has been designed with one goal in mind, to bring the family back to the Red Room, which is the houses stomach, so that can feast on them. during the show, the house purposely twists and changes the Red Room so that it appears to be a safe area in which each member of the crane family can relax and be digested. teluk, it's a tree house. Theo sees a dance studio. Steve sees a game room. Olivia gets a reading room and so on. it is a room which is tailor-made towards them, so that it can feel some sense of sanity was also being driven insane. there are hints that each member is in the Red Room throughout the season, as the window is always the same the door is the same shape whenever is seen from the inside, and the handle is - there are also subtle lines that show the scenarios that the room takes on are also false. when Luke's treehouse is brought up, Olivia says, very funny. is discussing his games room with mrs. Dudley, she seems confused and doesn't know what he's talking about in the room, there are also subtle red choices, such as Steve having a big red beanbag, the netting of the tree house being red and the big red cover over Olivia's reading chair. in the finale, the group are also given hallucinations when in the Red Room, and there are several clues that these are indeed fake. there is a red Fry's box, a red cardigan. Steve's wife wears a red necklace, and Shirley also wears a red shirt. she also sees red roses when imagining Nell's funeral. Theo's girlfriend is also seen wearing red underwear, and yet put it away lads. so it is safe to say that the house slowly attracts the family to the room and then piles them with hallucinations in order to feed upon them. we learned throughout the show that the house is operated in this exact same manner for decades. we discovered that the property was originally home to the hell family, and it managed to eat most of them. it even went so far to cause William Hill the brick himself behind a wall out of fear. which brings me to my next point. the houses greatest trick is that it makes people wall themselves off from the outside world and tricks them into believing that they're safe within it, so that they refuse to leave. does this successfully to Olivia, and almost fools her into murdering her two youngest children. she does, however, managed to get the Dudley's daughter, Abigail, which, in the long run, helps it to stay standing. and the final episode, we learn that you almost burn the house down, but was stayed from doing so by the Dudley's. after Abigail's ghost appeared to them, they realized that the house had kept his spirit alive, and if it were to be destroyed, their daughter would go with it. so they made a deal with the devil and convinced you to abstain from setting it alight. though by the end of the season, the house is portrayed as a happy place that one can live on forever. within it is clearly all a ruse. just as it's about to be destroyed, it manages to manipulate the dirt leads into pulling at the heartstrings of Hugh. and they put him in a position where he would have to be a monster to deny them. it's a smart move that I haven't seen many people pick up upon, and also allows the house to continue to lure Nell into returning, and thus the cranes follow. not long after, when Nell arrives, she is given a fantasy in which her deceased husband is no longer dead. and this sets off a chain reaction, and we the rest of the cranes would return, and he would be forced to give himself over in exchange for their lives. similar to the fantasy that now got, we were tricked into believing that we got a happy ending when we really didn't. the saying that the house always wins is definitely true here. to me, this is hammered home by the fact that the house is a clear control over time. we discover that the bent neck lady that haunts Nell is actually a version of her from the future. the last-ditch attempt, at the moment of a death, knell travels back in time to warn herself. but ultimately this ends up making her return to the house to commit the act that would lead to her doing it. Nell obviously did not possess the power to control time itself, so this was the house playing its hand to cause her to return that so that it could feed upon her once more. it's a brilliant reveal, and it definitely stands as one of the strongest moments in the show. so in the end, though the cranes believe that they won, they really didn't. it took their mother, father, Nell and the Dudley's daughter. we see in the end that the Dudley's returned there and died in the property. so also took them to we learned throughout the season that the entire Dudley family worked as the grounds keepers for the house, and thus they were pretty much slaves to it. the cranes will likely return to the house to see their family when it's their time to die, and thus they will be taken by it too, though we don't know what's gonna happen in season two yet. those are my main thoughts on the house and how it operates. but there may be a plausible explanation for everything, and that is the black mold. now, like all good Horrors, you can really take the events of the series as being supernatural or not. and the mold really gives us an indication that the events in the show can be explained away. the black mold is first found by the family in Episode seven, during which Hugh discovers it's spreading behind the walls of the house. the father discusses how dangerous that it is, and stipulates that it can cause problems both physically and mentally. the mold keeps them in the house for longer than intended, as Hugh knows he must fix it before listing it for sale. now it could be concluded that the mold is, in fact, causing all of the health and hallucination problems that are rampant throughout the family. the Red Room is said to be the source of the mold, and this is why the problems of the house stem from there when we finally get a look inside of it at the end of episode 10, we can see it is heavily and best with mold. and this could also be the reasoning behind this being labeled as the houses stomach. the mold even makes an appearance in Shirley's model house when we join the group as adults. when it is found in pieces, Shirley turns it over to find the inner walls rotting. and this could also be attributed as a cause of the hallucinations that happen in her home. Luke witnesses the ghost of William Hale outside of a mold infested area. however, he is an addict, and these visions could be put down to his substance abuse. when he returns to the house in the show's climax, the ghost of Olivia informs him that the other visions he's had of her during his life, or in fact, all in his head. this showcases that he can still hallucinate without there being need for a ghost present. the kittens that are found died of poor health. and as they're only young, they would be more susceptible to the mold, and therefore their deaths could be put down to it. even in the first episode, when Steve is investigating a ghost at one of his fans houses, he states that there is clearly a leak, and that if the person doesn't get it looked at, it can cause serious damage. a lot of the banging in the house is explained away as being the pipe work within. and should this burst, that the mold would spread quicker. in Episode nine, we discover Olivia's mental illness came from when her mother and father died when she was very young. she suppressed the grief, and then it hit her all at once. and the mold could have made these memories resurface. you also learn about poppy Hills, a previous occupier of the home that went insane, as did a husband. Steve finds a dresser in Episode eight, and the underneath is laced with mold, perhaps showcasing the cause of her insanity. the Dudley's two mentioned that their parents that worked in the house went insane that their first child was stillborn, which could be a side effect of the mold. even the bent neck lady can be explained away by sleep paralysis. and Nell's eventual death could be because she stopped taking her antidepressants. Steve explains away all of the phenomena in the opening of the season through showing the audience that supernatural things often have a rational element to them, and elevates the show, in my opinion, having this side to it. well, I love about it is that season really works either way. and the best ghost stories always offer a way for skeptics to put the events aside. and whilst I do believe that the apparitions were real, it is fun to consider that they may, in fact not be. perhaps the family is, as Steve states, suffering from a mental illness that was brought on by the house infecting them. there's a lot to digest, but I'll let you decide that. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you leave your thoughts in the comments below. you want something else to watch, then check out our insane details in hereditary, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over all of the hidden figures and that, and the things you missed. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 