so it's dirty queen's necklace. it's auctioning next week. seems it's going to exceed 20 million. i can see where we are. less, of course, you may have to shrug. weekend, i will change, with a little bit of delay, the alimony and where my money, I do not have. these will pass the [ __ ] you propose. I explain to you how to raise a lot becomes cochin a foundation, which will put up for auction with necklace, a parcel which belonged to marie antoinette. and we go to the shutter. you enter. in addition, we leave you led while nourish our skin. you, you do what me, me, I did know it is here that you work, sai baba, because new drivers of your husband. we are not going. and you, you come from where? from Senegal, Madame. not very far from Thi\xc3\xa8s and then it is acquired by the Pellegrini family, which is stolen 25 years ago. I ask you to welcome the daughter of its owner, the delicious juliette pellegrini on thank you every year. \xc3\xa9e with for the queen's necklace has a price of 17 min have called an auction at 33 million euros. on the beard. to be impregnable, you have to be a son. yes, you chose ars\xc3\xa8ne lupine, the kalman jeans burglary. very good choice. winner of the time. I am at 60 million euros. 60 I sold 60 million euros. well, that's what I have the time. of course, that your transfer on the idea obviously me. whose the necklace systematically in the safe? do you have access to wi? the truth. inspectors of the world know that mister diop is in a precarious situation, which she sees as an injustice to take revenge. he stole the necklace from me. [Music] andyou, [Applause ] usually. [Music], I have years, as you joke, mister sardine is a victim. you do not realize to start again if you have roughed it up to us. martine pin, gentleman, burglar. [Music], here is the copy. [Music], you enter sweeper and you leave. millionaire e. [Music], that's not class. I said, everything. what a gift. you want original clasp, original setting. there is no mark on the stones. I guarantee you that this necklace has never been dismantled. g after for the tombeur's necklace, a copy that I found. I want answers. I do not see that mouth. why I do not hear anything there. it is you who wanted parcel. it is me who asks questions. okay. damn. they know each other. look at me. that this, it is old. [ __ ]. and I'm pulling money that I didn't know you you teach me. arrested are he was guilty. he signed a confession account. and this guilty of what I'm accused. I wanted to offer a better life. I failed. [Music] the time with my father in prison. he even detained who was called etienne like and you go out and I give you back. you have your place. I know at first it's difficult here, but I'm sure you have killed. my father was called babacar diop. you were in jail together. i They were only signed in June. but a book like I have better colleges prices in France. someone apparently wants you to go next year. [Music], I took the water without kevin kelly vanished. 25 years old. is ej my father I know m guilty and free. who we are now sign them. think of your son. after the death of your father, I was and d assab throw and symbols. is it who swore to me that he was going to help him here? that's all. that's it. the story thual public lied about the world, respectively. worried? not that's exactly what is planned. it's a scorer. who are those of men? but why? I ask to be focused on the partnership. mister diop continues denied the facts. no wonder he is as smart as a monkey. you had the collar insurance policy reassessed upwards a few days before the flight the hurricane at all. if i your name is everywhere, what does a commissioner do if 7000 euros per month, end of career, even with a lot of overtime, contain per year in the bumps heard seeing I had to dig a little bit. that's more what it was. banking secrecy. someone put pressure on you to trap his hassan webs. yeah, my name is claire sang clear. just the truth. I have already told the truth. walk witness. why hide my father from you? [Music], the commissioner? I am well with you not hurting, not at 25. he is the commissioner of the world. that changes. and 24 of the first flight of the collar. [Music], check his schedule on the day of the theft. it's impossible. that saves no one in metz is pointed on my safe bullet equal. the analyst thinks that we put them there to incriminate the suspect. all that c he is a young game inspector with rules, and I am the one who fixes them. you proposed to my wife to ask her for it against a comfortable, guaranteed discount. is all very happy. fuzhou speaks. it is about babacar diop on these August 11 in oslo about their top class lessons are I do not understand. because these people talk, if I give you to us every day, that you stop today. you want to bring down pellegrini. is a woman called fabienne periot who can help you. [Music], I am found facing an army of lawyers. I had no means of defending and I got run over. so we have a friend in common. he's pellegrini, the 25 years old tricked him my father. he traps your father and gets the money in insurance and his empire. here are the bars. everyone around him. we loved him. weapons will have to pay double. no. but what is these blackmail? but you were engaged with him. I don't care who buys the weapons and in what hands they are going to land. are weapons sold by pellegrini to attack embassies of France. and if it happens, it is with the money that the parcel insurance, which htc, comes then. 6th, salvatore to burst me a scandal. he is convinced that what he said is the truth, was coming out from behind your keyboard. show us. I have nothing to hide if there isn't one who looks like the guy who kidnapped me. and above all, it looks like he was an accomplice. to differentiate our heavy that is slow to help us, was very precise in its description. cd, when I showed the last carried robot, I'm not crazy. what do you think there? I think something super weird. we agree past would not only have the commissioners with us tonight. salvatore. salvatore, good evening. good evening. you came this evening with a document, a case, this chance, and we will see it be compromising the situation evolves. and from my side, that does not please me more than you, but that 's how you prefer them to be done. you must hold on your word. understand. there is nothing compromising in this tape. to shoot the whole building, i have to finally, i think it's hassan. assane diop, you know, the babacar son without fabienne. [music], mister pellegrini, would like to know the address of hassan diab. last chance in dresde. insane jobs. and you never give up, in spite of the dangers, the forces which try to dry up. only a few lucky ones from france. either it is the greatest of the thieves in nantua batimed not either or less cheerful duration the sight a track that lasted. it is safer do it. you tell me you want to join him. [Music], the train in an hour. but which train shows i dressed for you. i do n't even know. in fact, if i'm in love with him, because it's been so long. we laughing. we went through all together. it's no you have it so quiet. but have definitely got rid of it. I did not know. and to Mr. [Music] field center. [Music], finally, I'm going to be a dad. [Music], you too are going to be a very big face. and paul sermine contracts. manage to have, in two minutes, we have a little coffee. I have a name allows thanks to a goal for gravelines. and it is not to play smart with you. how to boost the traveler as soon as I leave A coffee at his place. there [Music] then low others, because she puts that the pen are fixed to clerk. has happened an important, the important tightened or roofs. two months. one thing this year, 2 kg. all to believe that if the old stones of the necklace. so we will look for it on the web. we bring it back to Paris. and we ask that he had the stone. he was armed with a clean weapon, and he has an alibi for the evening of the breakage. so the stone was screwed to him in the pocket. it's all going their mother left. [Music], damn. [Music]. 