[Music], hi guys. so this is a slightly more informal video than I normally do, but I just had to cover 2019 serenity, which arguably has the worst movie twist of all time in it. don't worry, fans, a Firefly. this has nothing to do with the other serenity movie, and if you're smart, you'll stay well away from this. there's, of course, going to be huge spoilers in this video, but I imagine, if you're watching this that you've already seen the Rotten Tomatoes score for the film, so you don't really care. anyway, with that out of the way, I'm definition, and welcome to the channel where I watch it, so you don't have to. serenity centers around fishermen, baker dill, who lives on a fishing Island called Plymouth. no, fellow Brits, not that Plymouth, though there are probably about the same amount of boats. anyway, throughout the film, the character receives strange visions. but if he could really tell the future, then he wouldn't have greenlit this movie where. anyway, dil is an Iraq war veteran, and now makes ends meet by taking people out on his boat named serenity. there's a whole prostitution subplot that I don't really want to get into that basically paints out that dill is broke. ah, he needs to get some dildo like, dildo like money. I approached her mother. anyway, the woman that he regularly sleeps with has a son that dill says is welcome to come back and work on his boat once more, as you'll give him a job, even though he doesn't have any money, which he did. look this aspect of the movie probably makes the most sense out of everything else. anyway, throughout the film, dill is tracked down by his ex-wife, Karen, and left him for a rich man, because why not? and now she wants dill to kill him because he's an abusive husband. Karen and Frank, as he's called, have a son together who likes to play video games, which normally I wouldn't cover that kind of pointless detail in a video, but it plays massively into the stupid twist. so, yep, it's in there. anyway, Karen and her husband are going to be having a holiday on the island, and the former ones del to kill him and dump his body into the ocean. something Dell refuses this, but he keeps getting visions of their son, Patrick, sitting in his room playing video games. you wouldn't know what games you could be playing on instead this weekend. I mean, Resident Evil 2 is out. that's a good one. make sure you watch my video on Resident Evil 2. yeah. safe. anyway, Karen's husband, Frank, shows up. they go for a trip, which is when he tells Baker that his son, Patrick, loves playing fishing games. for some stupid reason. you mustn't know that Resident Evil twos out. anyway, he loves playing those fishing games. and that place into the end, this businessman who's been chasing dil down for the whole movie finally catches up with him and gives him this fishfinder radar thing that dil can use to catch a massive tuna, which, throughout the film's all that he's really, really wanted, and he's finally gonna get it. guys, yeah. the businessman called Reed doesn't really seem to want anything in return for giving him this tech. and he says he's just playing his part in the game to get it. game. listen closely. it's a bit all a big game. anyway, didn't it turns out that this entire island is actually part of a video game. that's it. I'm not lying. bill is a video game character in a fishing game. it turns out that Karen's son, Patrick is the programmer and that he's making this simulation. we find out that the real dill died in a rack, and that his son, Patrick's reprogrammed a fishing game to live out a fantasy of killing his abusive stepfather. dill kind of goes back and forth on whether to kill M&amp;R and the island really try to rally together to stop him from doing it, because they just want to go back to playing the game, you know, plain catching lovely big tunas and stuff like it used to be in the good old days. anyway, because of video games of violent and turned people into murderers, apparently, for some reason it, dill decides to kill the father. and then we cook to the real world where Patrick, it turns out, he's actually killed his abusive stepfather during another one of his attacks. just ridiculous, really. we learned that Patrick withdrew into this digital world and created a paradise. and because of this, and the whole self-defense thing, with his abusive father. he's pretty much gotten away with murder. and the movie ends with Patrick and ring the digital world where he embraces with his father. which indicates that Patrick has made a digital version of himself to spend time with his dad like he never got to in the real world. it's so touching. I mean, just brilliant to screen right in there. basically, it's just a big mess. like twists can often make a break movies, and this one does the latter. I get what they were going forward, the whole making a real father to replace his step one, but it's, it's just terrible. I've got a lot of hate for saying that I enjoyed replicas. so I want some apologies from you guys here, cuz, sheesh, this is the worst movie of the year. I don't want to hear anything about our beloved Keanu Reeves. anyway, let me know your thoughts on the film in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of Resident Evil 2 remake at the end of this video, which it's inspired me. it go kill some zombies. yeah, this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. sorry. oh, went into a bit of a rant. but I hope you enjoyed it. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 