[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna take the fuchsia color to highway directly to help with the 2018 avant-garde Gore fest. Amanda, let's get to it. the movie opens with credits over sweeping shots of trees, which sets a real chill tone and makes me feel like a mellow dude. but then we find this is actually part of a large-scale deforestation project. and there's nothing mellow about deforestation, my friends. we soon learned that someone unwisely gave Nick Cage a chainsaw, but it seems to be working out ok. they clock out and leave work for the day, giving the woodland animals their evening respite. Rhett arrives at his cozy mountain bungalow, greeted by the titular Mandy, his best girl, who's working on her art. they developed their relationship for us by staring longingly into each other's eyes and talking about the heavens. and then we see the heavens. this transitions into flame, which is part of a camping excursion made. he approaches the flames like a feral beast, making life in the woods look frickin awesome. but let us not forget that nature is also a cruel mistress. the next day, as Mandy takes for morning constitutional, she crosses paths briefly with the band of hippie weirdos, and they observe each other as they pass. we then transitioned to the cult leader Jeremiah. he's feeling unwell and is giving his eldest advisor a hard time. she just doesn't understand the intricate complexities of being a man with blue balls. you see, despite the brevity of their encounter, he's found himself smitten with Mandy, and he requires her company on his crotch. he sends for brother Swann, who's charged with fetching the Maiden. Swan doesn't hesitate to comply, and they share a good laugh and a platonic face caress, as some men do. the next day, mother Marlene tries to get back in his good graces by locating Mandy and using her doll charms to lower Mandy's guard and collect precious intel about the general location of her home. we later find the brothers preparing for the evening events. brother Swann blows his ocarina, summoning a roving ATV gang from hell, although it's too dark to tell. with their cosplay, their assistance comes with a price, so they're provided a mason jar full of goo and the promise of a future sacrifice. in stark contrast with this, red and Mandy are engaged in the most normal evening we've seen so far. after bedtime, the gang moves in, as though someone had to open the lament configuration. they subdue red and allow the cult to take mandy. after securing their tribute, Mandie awakes. mother Marlene is there to reassure her. she lets her know it's all good and her husband is fine. it's just that she belongs to them now. is all after being prepared with some of the most organic, free-range hallucinogens possible. Mandy floats off to a wonderful dreamland that's unfortunately occupied by these [ __ ]. Jeremiah presents himself and apologizes for the fuss. he explains that she silently called out to him, and he's just following her command. his rundown of their operation is somewhat pretentious. basically, it's a music themed love cult. Jeremiah, the charismatic leader, was blessed with a vision in which he was granted authority to take whatever he wanted. so, you see, it's been ordained. however, he makes the rookie mistake of putting himself in a vulnerable position, standing in front of her and his followers naked, with his own music playing, allowing her to wither him to nothing through the power of laughter. as a consequence of this, we find them outside Reds house, with red bound to a tree. Jeremiah insists upon, jealously belittling the love that red and Mandy share. he attempts to demonstrate true love by compelling Lucy to play Russian roulette for him. brother Swann then shows off another cool artifact, which is used to inflict a ceremonial pain. they then hoist up a bag of Mandi and light it on fire, removing Reds only tethered to reality in a brutal and gruesome display of their ambivalence. when the excitement of the evening dies down, the group packs up their things and returns to their compound. now on his own, red begins working to free himself from his barbed-wire restraints. he returns to his house and do wildermann. but the cheddar goblin knows what he must do and speaks the unspeakable into his soul. he starts in the bathroom, quickly processing his despair and then healing and preparing his battered body. he goes to his buddy's trailer to meet up with some old friends. he confides in Carruthers, which works in his favor, because he's able to share some rumors he's heard about a psycho biker gang roaming the mountains. the gang is comprised of the shells of what were once people, hollowed-out and desiccated by the purest of LSD now ruined, they thrive on pain, lapping it up like thirsty dogs. okay, bye, I guess. just to be safe, red forges a special weapon of vengeance that is usable in some way. he'll figure it out when he gets there. it is sharp and pointy, after all. he drives off into the wilderness that evening. although I wonder if the bikers would be as scary in the daytime. it doesn't take long to come across the gang and get to work. he picks off a straggler and intends to finish the job with his truck, but it's a mixed bag of results mostly in that he ends up unconscious and wakes up with his hand nailed to the floor. he has a brief in Iraq with this slippery fellow. it manages to save himself as a result of a code violation. he grabs some new utensils of carnage and begins his descent downstairs. he finds more bikers. he engages in a knife fight and has a relatively easy time breaking this guy's neck. he then gets a little afternoon pick-me-up and reacquaint himself with his gear. we then discovered that the jar of goo was that previously mentioned LSD. we know this because just a little taster melts his face off. and now he's ready for anything. he goes into the night to inflict pain, which the bikers are fairly casual about. so he finishes him off. in order to move on to the cult, he follows the road to an outpost where he finds the chemist. they have a one-sided conversation where the chemist shows off his skills as an empath in two itting Reds desires. he points him in the correct direction and gives him a firm smack on the ass to send him on his way. red rides all night until he comes upon the compound. his first trap sneers brother Swann and Lucy. Swann tries to say some hardcore stuff, so red interrupts him with a fitting punishment for silver-tongued sinners. Lucy, the only character sympathetic to Reds pain, is let go. he works his way through the grounds until he comes across the tool of his trade and approaches this cult member, who demonstrates he's more than game by whipping out his own obnoxious chainsaw. turns out, a 6-foot chain saws at tremendous hindrance to mobility, so he takes the first chance to grab the shorty, but red had already called no tradesies. so he whips out a log chain. it initiates a reset on the workplace accident calendar. he then bypasses all this subtle imagery to find Jeremiah in the final chamber and delivers mother's head to him. Jeremiah does his best to seduce red with offers of soul saving, before resorting to flat-out begging. red responds by crushing his skull and cleansing the sanctuary with fire. we end on a flashback to a simpler time, a time before LSD, biker clubs and charismatic love cults were burning us alive, and the world was full of hot pain and unfired. and that was maybe a 2018 film that happened. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 