This is the ultimate match. You're trapped on an abandoned island, forced to fight against your friends, and the only way you're escaping is eliminating everyone you meet. What do you do when you can be blown at any time, and you must choose to either lie or get rid of all your friends? I'm going to break down the mistakes made, explain what you should do, and how to beat the government's Death Game in Battle Royale. This class of high school students are living the last free moments of their lives. None of them have any idea that they've been selected for this year's Battle Royale, a government-sponsored programme, where every year, a class of students is selected to fight to the death, but it's too late for them to do anything about it. Shuya here wakes up in a dark classroom with a high-tech collar locked to his neck. Okay, permission to freak out now. Groggy or not, we need to realise something important. This took a lot of planning, deception, military involvement, remote locations, in coordination with the government. So the biggest mistake we can make is to think we have any control over what happens next. These collars are enough for me to realise that attempting to escape won't work and could just get us killed. So, if it's me, I'm hiding in the back of the room until we know more about the situation. The more information we have, the better decisions we can make. Their old teacher, Mr. Kitano, suddenly arrives in the classroom with a fully-armed military escort, and he introduces them to the Battle Royale, a death match designed for rebellious students in Japan, and they watch a video that explains the rules. They've been brought to an abandoned island, which has been divided into quadrants and danger zones that change daily. And if there isn't a single winner by the end of three days, everyone dies. Okay, this is life or death. We have valuable information here, and if we memorise this information to build a strategy before even leaving the classroom, we'll have a better chance of surviving by far. This place has mountains, cliffs, valleys, and I would be analysing which areas would give me the best geographic advantage. Personally, I would start in a low-lying valley that has good forest coverage to hide in or enough water from the mountain to drink, and a flat terrain for easier travel. Suddenly, the teacher spots one of the students whispering and kills her with a throwing knife. If there was any doubt where this was going, now there's no question. The students freak out and try to escape as the soldiers block off the exit, but the teacher isn't finished. A soldier grabs one of the kids, and remotely triggers his collar, causing it to explode. It's absolutely terrifying. But this is actually the best news so far tonight because this teacher has just revealed a huge flaw with the collar. Since these could be exploded anywhere on the island remotely, we can assume these devices use either radio or microwave frequencies, and the good news is, these frequencies can be blocked. Radio and microwaves are extremely sensitive to interference of metal objects, and if we find aluminum foil in any of these abandoned buildings on the island, we could wrap it around the front of the collar to block the frequency and take it off. Each student is called up by their number one by one, taking a rucksack of random supplies before leaving the class. But there are two students that stand out among the rest. The bandana-wearing transfer student is very focused, getting out of the room as quickly as possible, while the other transfer student is way too relaxed about this death match. These two simple reactions tell me all I need to know, that I do not wanna mess with them, but they both just made the same mistake as the rest. Everyone is running through the door without even checking their bag. I just know, if I was the first to leave, I would be waiting outside behind a wall or a bush and killing every student before they even have the time to reach for their weapons. So, if I'm not the first one out the door, I'm opening my bag inside the room to get my weapon out before leaving. Finally, Shuya here is called up, running out of the class and right into a bush to hide. Very brave. He immediately realises the games have begun, as a student appears with a bolt lodged in her throat and her killer running towards them. He sees his friend Noriko and runs away with her, leaving the killer behind as he falls down the hill. Escaping the madness, the two take shelter in some caves, where they check their rucksacks to find they have no weapons, only a pot lid and a pair of binoculars. This is completely unfair. It's important to safely assess what you have in your bag as soon as you can because it could completely change your strategy for survival. If you're stuck with useless weapons, you need to find something better. We could scavenge for weapons from dead students, but if you're found carrying only a pot lid, you're screwed. At this point, nature is our best weapon. Take a sock off and put rocks inside it, giving you a hard-hitting close range weapon, and in the other hand, a loose rock to throw at any oncoming threats. Using these, I would go scouting for a better weapon after the sun rises, once the students have had time to spread further out, leaving the dead bodies behind to scavenge. In the northern end of the island, a gang has a transfer student surrounded as he discovers his weapon is a paper fan, that's even worse than a pot lid. They all think he's harmless until he distracts one of the students, steals his gun, and kills them all in seconds. He takes all their gear, including a revolver and some hand grenades, before leaving. This is the most dangerous kid on the island. Now, if it wasn't for his lightning-fast reflexes, these guys could have easily taken him out. Teaming up and outnumbering your classmates to kill might seem like a better strategy, but it becomes a lot more risky in the long-term because every member of the group is extremely vulnerable to betrayal. It's a trade-off some might be willing to make, but there's more to consider. Large groups are noisier, they're easier to track, and they require more food and water. So any resources found must be shared or else there will be infighting. Ultimately, it's fool's gold. Stay away from this idea and hunt alone. A girl is hiding in an abandoned shed, looking at photos, when someone comes in. If you see someone shine their flashlight like this, don't trust them. Mitsuko here is one of the meanest girls on the island, and she's going to have one of the highest body counts of anyone, starting with this girl here. Now, some are cut out for this kind of scenario, and some are not. These four have offed themselves as soon as the game start. This is a sad waste of life, but I'm not crying because there's four less people to kill and they've handed us an amazing opportunity, their collars, because I can learn more about what's possible without risking my own life. I'd also test if any metal I find will block the radio waves or not. If it works on theirs, it will work on mine too, and I can break it off and hide until everyone is dead. Early the next morning, the teacher announces who's been killed and where the danger zones are. These two are currently standing in one of them, and they've got an hour to leave or else they're dead. They want to force us to move so we don't hide and stagnate the Death Game, but I would counter this by lining myself up on the intersection of four grids. So while everyone else is scrambling to escape the zones, I barely have to move or venture far away from a hidey-hole that I would set up nearby. I can make better use of my time setting up traps, alarms, or gathering more resources. They walk through the forest and get attacked by a hatchet-wielding student. Shuya here wrestles with him and ends up in a fight, cleverly using his pot lid as a shield, but in their scuffle, the hatchet lodges itself in the other kid's head and he dies. This guy has the right idea, but he made two mistakes right away. First, if you're going to ambush someone, don't jump into their faces, it's just dumb. The whole point of an ambush is to attack when they're in a bad position to fight back or deflect. I would have waited for them to pass and attack them from behind. The second thing he did wrong was hiding in something that's noisy. These people are already on high alert and you're giving them advance warning. Leaves rustle, so I would have covered the hiding area with mud because it's silent and still blends in with the environment. That's when the class president comes out of the woods and threatens them with his gun, but their shade from the transfer student with a bandana appears, shooting him full of buck shot. Surprisingly, he doesn't kill the other two, instead taking the hatchet out of the other kid's head. Why did he spare their lives in a Death Game where there can only be one winner? There is a lot more to this guy than meets the eye. That's when they hear someone speaking over a megaphone and the girl finds two students calling for everyone to stop fighting and talk it through, letting everyone know where they are, including the other transfer student who shoots them in the back. Man, this guy is nasty, but these two girls were asking for it. They broadcasted their location, but easy kills like this won't come often. There are 26 students left to kill and many of them will be in hiding. Finding them all will be exhausting unless you know where they're going to be, but a lack of vital resources will draw them out of hiding. I would wait where there's either food, clean water, or shelter and stake it out. Now, you can wait for them to come to you and conserve your energy for killing. Just like this girl does when she catches her classmate Mitsuko unprepared. The girl is mad because Mitsuko here stole her boyfriend, and now she wants revenge. She starts beating her to the floor but gets tased and drops her gun. They both rush in to grab it, but she's faster and shoots the other girl in the back. It's unfortunate, but we're not going to escape petty high school drama on this island. Now, unless you're already a terrible person, the mind will be forced to justify the killing as a coping mechanism for survival, and hatred is always an incredible motivator to rationalise murder. So, if someone has a grudge against you, you better believe you're first on their list and they'll be seeking you out.I would be paying close attention every day to the announcement to check if my high school enemies were still alive because it may change my planning if I knew someone was coming specifically for me and me alone. Trekking across the island, the girl falls unconscious from a fever. The map says there's a clinic nearby and Shuya here carries her all the way to this building. He doesn't see anyone around, but accidentally trips an alarm. The transfer student with a bandana comes out of hiding and lets them inside, treating the girl with the clinic's medicine. They got lucky. One of the toughest guys in the game is also one of the nicest, or is he? Okay, this is dangerous. I don't know anything about this guy and just because he let us in for a rest doesn't mean he won't kill us or use us for his own survival. If I saw someone with a sick girl and a pot lid, I wouldn't consider them a threat, and could be more useful alive by keeping watch for enemies or even as a human shield in combat. That's why if I were them, I would take advantage of his trust, make a trade for better weapons, shoot him and run away. I'm not here to make more friends, I'm here to kill them. Meanwhile, this student finds three others trying to carry this generator up the stairs and these guys have a pretty high-tech setup, linking cell phones to this laptop. The kid reveals he was given a collar tracker as his weapon, which he is using to find other players. These guys didn't know what they're doing, and getting power from a generator is smart, but it's also going to attract a lot of unwanted attention. We can expect students to gravitate towards shelters like abandoned buildings, factories, and lighthouses, both to get out of the weather and also to find students hiding there that you can kill. If you're first to one of these, you'll have to defend it and likely from more than one at a time, so it's not the best strategy. I would stay outside and build my own shelter out of mud, leaves, and branches, so I'm covered from the weather and camouflaged. The hacker learns there are microphones in the collars, and that's how the Battle Royale's administrators know what they're up to. Using his laptop, he tells his friends to find fertiliser, pesticide, charcoal, sulphur, and kerosene before he starts coding his hacking program. These sound like a strange collection, but together, the effects can make an explosive difference. Now, this is a great idea. Unfortunately, you still need to find people to use it on. Bigger weapons are useful, but it's strategy that wins this Death Game. I would be trying to predict people's movements. Since we know they have to leave the danger zones that are announced each morning, the geography and terrain will tell me their likelihood of movement from one sector to another. They're less likely to climb up mountains than down and they're more likely to be pushed into low-lying terrain for water and flat terrain for ease of travel. Predicting other's movements is a great way to hunt them. This is death chess and we need to be one step ahead. Meanwhile, this athletic girl gets back to her shelter after a run and bumps into a student with a crossbow. He wants to get freaky with her, but she's not feeling it today. With the most brutal move of the game, she stabs him straight in the dick. That's a one hell of a cock block. But suddenly, Mitsuko appears and shoots her dead. Now, this brings up an important point. These are young high school students, many of whom will die before they've had certain experiences that nobody wants to die without. I'm not gonna lie, if I were a girl, I would weaponise this desire against the males for the sake of survival. If she dangled the carrot, that boy would have had the motivation to defend her. That night, the transfer student reveals that, three years ago, he had been the winner of a past Battle Royale. He also tells them that he knows a way off the island, but he can only tell them when the time comes. He gives the other boy a gun and some ammo to convince him he's telling the truth, but all of a sudden, they hear gunfire outside. Outside the clinic, the other transfer student corners another kid and shoots him, except he's wearing a bulletproof vest. But the guy comes back with a Samurai sword and finishes him off, and that's not even the worst thing he does to him. The transfer student throws the kid's head through the window with a grenade lodged in his mouth and they all run for cover. Shuya here leaps out of the window and runs for it, leading the psycho student on a foot chase to the coast. With nowhere to run, he throws himself into the sea moments before the other student catches up and blasts the water with gunfire. Okay, this seems like a terrible idea because you can't evade bullets while in water, but it's actually the best move you can make. When a bullet hits the water, it slows down due to drag and even veers off-target. In the case of heavy-calibre ammo, the bullet will decelerate so fast in the water that it shatters into pieces. You could be as close as three feet below the surface and you're totally safe. It's the second day and he's woken up by a girl who tells him four more students have died, and that his friend, the hacker, is waiting for him in the west. The girls downstairs are getting lunch ready, but one of them is very uncomfortable with the boy's presence and decides to poison him, and that's when things go wrong. Another girl eats the poisoned spaghetti, shocking everyone when she suddenly dies. They freak out and start accusing each other, grab their guns and start firing, killing everyone in the room. The boy runs down to find six more dead, and lunch is ruined. Okay, this is a great example of how a group collaboration can go all wrong. Even if it's all smiles and rainbows, these girls do not trust each other, and all it takes is one ounce of suspicion to throw everyone out of control. If you're going to kill your homies, kill them all at the same time in their sleep, so no one can alert the others of your betrayal. Shuya meets up with the other two, decide to make the long journey west to met the hacker. They're injured, exhausted, and need food and water, but they press on. Okay, now students aren't the only killers, nature can be a harsh mistress too. They're exposed to heat stroke, dehydration, dysentery, hunger and blood loss. These are all killers in the wilderness, if not taken care of quickly. Food can be found from fruit trees, berries and mushrooms, but only if you know what to look for. But that's not even your biggest problem. This is an island and it's hot and mountainous. Trekking across this place will make you sweat profusely and you'll need water very quickly. Now, most of what makes water dangerous isn't visible. Rain can create dirty runoff and eutrophication and dead animals upstream can affect the water. The best way to tell is to look for animal tracks, bugs and green vegetation nearby. If other living things are drinking from it, you probably can too. The best place to look is in valleys and low points, because water always runs downwards, then follow it upstream to get the cleanest water possible. Another option is to make a solar still. By digging a hole in the ground, putting a clear sheet over the hole, the sun will evaporate the groundwater, causing condensation in the sheet, and you can collect it from the centre, as it drips into your cup. You'll get less and it takes longer, but it will be cleaner than running water. The kid with the GPS tracker arrives at an abandoned warehouse, looking for his high school crush, but the girl empties her gun on him. Regretfully, she only finds out afterwards that he came to save her. She could have really used that extra protection because Mitsuko here sneaks up and guns her down, and the death cycle continues as she's suddenly attacked and killed by the psycho transfer student. Across the island, the hacker finalises the code to his hacking program, while his two friends mix the chemicals together to create bombs. Impressively resourceful. They activate the software and sabotage the computers of the Battle Royale administrators, and for a brief moment, there's no GPS tracking and no collar activation for any student. The only way for the administrators to stop it is to pull the hard reset. Okay, this is a big deal. It proved that cheating is actually a viable option at beating this game, and that there's a scenario here where our real survival depends on defeating the teachers, not our fellow students. It's time to start strategising against the game itself. Now, we know that the collars are triggered by wave frequencies, and we're on an island that there must be a local antenna to transmit the signals through. GPS tracking works by emitting microwave signals that go through these relays to reach the satellites above. These waves pass through nearly everything, except for metal, which reflects the signal. Destroying the antenna's receiver won't just nullify your own collar, but everyone's collar on the island. This gives us the chance to work together for our collective survival, and totally eliminates the need to kill each other. And if that happens, we can focus on the real enemy, the government. The students begin loading their gear into a truck, intent on ramming the school with explosives, but just as they're about to leave, they get attacked by the one and only psycho transfer student. He kills them and sets off the bombs in the truck. The last few survivors arrive, they see the psycho student is still alive. Kawada here finishes him off with a shot to the collar, blowing him into smithereens. Okay, this is awkward, because now there's no bad guy, and there can only be one winner. It's time to start planning your friends' deaths. There's no doubt that all three have the same thought, but no one will openly admit it because it will scatter them, making them harder to kill and you might not find them before the time runs out and everyone is dead. If it's me, I'm suggesting we make a temporary pact to discard all weapons while we discuss what to do, but conceal a knife or a rope. The ploy forces all three people to pretend to be friends for as long as possible, while you disarm them, which makes them more vulnerable to kill. It's the final day. They head to the coast of the transfer student's escape route, but he reveals it was all a lie. They are his ticket out, and he shoots them both, making him this year's winner of the Battle Royale. Cold-blooded. Later, he'll reunite to the teacher back at the school, who discovers that the kid's collar has somehow been deactivated, and that he didn't shoot the other students. It was a trick, and the boy shoots the teacher dead. It's finally over as the three students throw away their explosive collars and relax. Their friend Kawada dies on his way back to the mainland, and the other two are declared wanted fugitives by the government. They might have beaten the Battle Royale, but they can't escape the law. What do you think? How would you beat Battle Royale? Let me know with a comment down below. Thank you so much for watching, leave a like and subscribe, and check out the 'How To Beat' playlist for more videos like this. Until next time, have a damn good day. 