before we begin, let me start by saying this is the story of elliot ness, an accountant, stone malone and capone. the stars of our movie today are dances with wolves and robin hood. double 07 and robin hood, vito's grandson, vincent and vito play. our story begins in 1930s. right now, prohibition has transformed chicago into a city of oil. rival gangs compete for control of the city's billion dollar empire of illegal alcohol, enforcing their will with the hand grenade and tommy gun. is the time of the gang lords. is the time of al capone. so, yes, that's right now, al capone getting himself a mani petty. and reporters standing around observing this primp and are like, is it true when people don't buy your liquor, you play wacka fool? then obama puts a big slice right across that crime boss cheek, and he's like, oh, [ __ ]. [ __ ]. you just lost yourself a chance to make an extra buck shaving my ass. meanwhile, here's somebody who don't buy al's liquor. and i know what you're thinking. you're thinking that case contains a bomb. but you're wrong. it's just a case, and this nice little child gonna take it back to that nice young man. and then, [Music]. over here in pleasantville, mrs ness is packing a sack lunch for mr ness to let him know how proud she is of her lovely, guilt-free husband on his first day as special agent in the bureau of prohibition. and here he is on his first day as special agent in the bureau of prohibition. and here he is on the first rate as special agent in the bureau of prohibition. and i know what you're thinking. you're thinking, them cases contain bootleg booze. but you're wrong again. burn there's less interesting this raid on al capone's liquor shed than geraldo found in al capone's vault, all thanks to some crooked po-po keeping out on the down-low and making a mess of mr nelson. and walk some random cop on the beat questioning elliot about why he's a little bug and why he's packing heat. and so elliot tells him, i'm a special agent. i just made a damn fool of myself in front of god and everybody. so the cops like, well, far be it from me to interrupt your little pity party. then ellie's like, why are you gonna turn your back on an iron man? what if i'm not really a special agent? and the damn cop is like, i already seen the paper full, and the only thing worse than your gig as a special agent is your robin hood accent. and because he so greatly appreciates mr connery's honest assessment of his bad acting, he pays him a little visit and requests his assistance. he's like, i appreciate the advice, and i'm not even going to mention how, even though i made robin hood sound american, you made robin hood and king arthur sound scottish. because i need help. so malone tells elliot that the first thing he gotta do is find himself some cops who ain't already got capone's hand down their pants, front or back. so they go to the po-po training center where they can teach you how to think and how to feel, where they find an italian played by a cuban. and they exchange a few racial slurs before the italian, played by a cuban, pulls a gun on the irishman played by scott and malone be like, oh, he's hot. and finally they recruit this bad the assassin, i mean, accountant. well, good to see this. a team is found near mr t. so he kind of little. so they conduct that first successful raid, have a little den, den and pose for a kodak moment. pause for criminal soliloquy. and i guess i don't have to tell you he ain't impersonating samuel sosa in this scene. pet free plus. std, so remember that smooth criminal from the opening scene that left the case in the place with to somebody who don't buy house liquor? well now here he is again, threatening another child, the child of eliot ness, who abruptly places his family into one very pimpin cop car to be escorted off to who the hell knows where. and off they trot, all the way to the canadian border, where they team up with dudley. do right to do what do right? so dudley dumps up on the mountain shouting their plans like he don't even give a good god damn if the gang hears them or not. which reminds me, did you know old dude wright was played by brendan frazier? and his decisions like that, which explained why he, to this day, ain't got no career. but i digress. and in this scene where, if you turn the volume way down on your tv, sean connery makes the following inspirational speech, laura met from dollar settlement concerto to the serpent elter said, um [Music], dumb as an eager beaver. so then the untouchables proceed to kick some serious ass. pew, pew, and boom. [ __ ], boom. so mr nice has to do some shooting, and then gets pissed about it and yells out of dead man, but he's still breathing. see it. sit and look at what we have here, george, mr capone's money man. because if you can't get that crook on his serious crimes against humanity, get that fit on tax evasion. but of course, the loyal crony won't sing, so they gotta do something to make george turn his through the looms into a fudge factory, breaking news. smooth criminal disguised as cop, worms evil into elevator with george and mr little t so what have we learned? when you win, you still lose. and sometimes you'll lose and then you lose again. so you're either gonna lose and then lose again, or you're gonna win and then lose. but you're never gonna win, win, lose, lose or win lose. so you might as well grin and bear it and go make yourself some chicken ramen noodles. and then ellie gets up and capone's face, and he's like, they teach you that in the cia, they teach that. and then i'll just turn around like she got me all frazzled. but you know, malone got connections, like the corrupt police chief. he needs him to tell him where capone's stashed his head bookkeeper. and when he won't talk, we see what happens at the nursing home one day. down to one prune pudding. his gaze has gone wild. shawsha touch. and then the smooth criminal is standing outside malone's window and casually takes a match from a book, which shows you where he wrote the address of my loans apartment. convenient, i know. i wish this cameraman stopped hiding so we can see what the we're looking at. oh, there he is. and instead of shooting the belt with the weapon, he just shoots him a racial slur runs his right out the apartment and runs his own right into an ambush. and as much as i would like to believe malone crawled all the way down the hall by shia, scottish will, iris will, whatever, but something tells me it's just bad writing. then elliott and faith show up at malone's apartment and find him still alive. and malone reaches for something, and then it's like, you little saint. and malone's like, tahoe. and ellie is screaming, the bookkeeper, the bookkeeper, he's on this train. and malone's like, quit yelling. i'm dying, not deaf. i want you to do one last thing for me, pop their cherries. so they go to the train station, and ella looks at a clock, then he looks at this baby, then look at the doe, then he looks at this baby, then he looks at some sailor. they look at the door. they look at this baby, they look at the clock. they look at this baby, then look at this man looking at his watch. then look at this baby, then look at the doe, then look at the man looking at this woman. then you think about looking at the dog but then he looks at this baby, then he looks at the dog, then he looks at this baby, then back to the dog, then back to the baby, then looks at the clock, then losing this baby. and of course, mr nice is like, look, i'm gonna help you with this baby. then he rolls the carriage up the steps while looking at this baby. perfect timing. and i could have sworn he got this baby up the top step. but y'all gotta stop expecting brian de palma's movie to make sense. and then more pew pews, and more pew views and more pew views. damn it. okay, pause. were you just trying to be a good mother, but you getting in the way of a cop trying to pop some crime loads cherries? and somehow vincent and elliot take approximately 18 minutes and 23 seconds to kill all the mobsters and save this baby while taking one last look at the doe just playing. and meanwhile, the bookkeeper is screaming like, i'll tell you what you want to talk about. he do say that. okay, paul's how can a man look this cool on his back holding a gun and this baby in a carriage? must be the hat. and the hairy hands. and then stone just goes ahead and off the fella. and this is the face of a man who looks like he ain't gonna ever be able to eat a plate of spaghetti again. they'll get you on the witness stand pain and tell on your boss. but capone, looking awfully chill. what's that note say? do you like me? circle, yes. no. what it don't say is, i'm packing heat. and what i also don't say is, the chief of police is my [ __ ]. but this note right here does so, at least like i need a smoke and oh [ __ ]. sickles elliot finds the matchbook with the address to malone's. what does he still have matches in that same matchbook? i don't know, because he's just a casual smoker. he's a dumbass. he enjoys keeping mementos of his killings. sicko. and there's a long chase, skip. and after he admits to kill him alone and makes a racial slur, he's, how can i say this delicately, instead of sleeping with the fishes, he's flying with the pigeons. well, it ain't supposed to rhyme, mama, dammit, but then stone brings in that love note with a list of 12 jurors who done being set up by capone to save capone's awesome and maybe shave it too, and compose the lawyer free stuff out and enter a plea of guilty. that looked like one crazy mofo. and then ellie is like, yeah, well, what the hell you know about it? capone back in his office, elliot reminiscing over some headlines. ah, good times. then he looks at his kodak moment of him and his partners in crime fighting. and the saddest part of this scene is, you know, everybody's just looking at him alone. and then forgot all about poor little walter, i mean, wally, i mean william. see, that's why i didn't mention his damn name. i knew you wouldn't remember it. so now he's locked up capone, and he gives stone to saint him alone. and he walks out the office all sad. and then the reporter who's been nagging that's the whole damn movie, but wasn't worth mentioning, is like, they say they're gonna repeal prohibition. what are you going to do next? and then it's like i'm going to disney world. no, i'm just playing. take it back he said. i'ma get faced the end. be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular shout out. meth join me in offering a big how-to do. and thank you to these fine patrons. you can expect me to upload more videos every time i feel like keeping it real. for movies explained. for i'm jab do ride or die. mama, you got my spaghetti ready 