before we began, lemons start by saying, if you ever wondered what it would look like if a Francis Ford Coppola film had a lovechild with a Hitchcock film, and then said love child came out a little slow, that's this booth style survived over today. ah, some woman who played a rancher's wife in a movie that starred Marlon Brando. that's gotta count for something. some guy who was in - John Wayne films and Elvis movie, getting worse, but still gotta count for something. oh, there you go. he was Vincent prices friend and the mask of the Red Death. that's a big deal. all right, enough dropping names play. our store begins late one night with this lovely married couple, John and Louise, taking a romantic boat ride together, when Louise recommends that they talk John's mother into changing her will, because Mama's wanting to leave all the family's money to charity in the name of John's dead sister, Kathleen, because she's bachelor crazy. this gets John all in a tizzy, so he starts rowing too hard, and Louise offers to row for him because of his bad heart. and John says, you only trying to be nice to me, because, you know, if I die before my mom puts you in the will, you're just gonna be some broken blonde looking for a handout. and conveniently enough, as he's saying this, he plops over Stas having a heart attack, right down the decadent ingot. Louise loosened John's pocket for his bottle of magical in case of heart-attack pills, but she says, his empty, you idiot. so John croaks, and then she just starts slapping the [ __ ] out of him. I've always heard that the best way to go was in the company of loved ones. in a moment of widow desperation, Louise throws his body overboard and is like, and takeo Elvis Presley ripoff music with you. I hope Coppola never reused the same Lakes fulfillment. afraid all gonna be joining that fall in a few years. so in an attempt to keep from becoming some broke blonde just looking for a handout, louise writes a letter to John's mother, saying he's away on business and that louise is coming to visit the family council after which she gathers up all the SH she knows John would take on a business trip. oh, don't forget the newspaper with the $40,000 in it. no, but I mean Louise. and she throws it all in the lake where John is sleeping with the fishes. well, the laser wasn't a swamp. a little while later, louise is having a lovely dinner with the inlaws, mama, Richard, Billie and Richard's fiance, Kane. and while they're all sitting there, Louise learns the Kathleen dad buying capability to grow Gail's Billy did it. and every year mama repeats the damn funeral because she's been crazy. so the next day they repeat the damn funeral, and just like every year, mama faints because she's been crazy. and Richard and villagers sit there like saw that coming. so Louise carries Mama's bet crazy it's up to her room, and she stops screwing with the old lady. I hear Kathleen talking to men. what's he saying? she keeps saying, to change that damn will you bet crazy a bit. we just have to wait for signing what side? I'll let you know once I finish setting it up. so Louise is just like, no bigot. I'll just pop in the Kathleen's old room, grab some of our old toys. Oh, tip you Jesus Christ ain't go lied. that one got me. where was I? all right, grab some of her old toys, tied him to this wrench, take them down to the bottom of the pond, so tomorrow they'll float to the surface and a very spooky way, magically change the color of my underwear when I go into the pond, see the cups of my dead sister-in-law, freak the [ __ ] out and almost lose my Fig Newtons and get killed by some silhouetted Jason ball. he's Burton axe murderer, is Billy, and died. something tells me that wasn't her original plan, hmm. the leading actress dang halfway through the movie. I wonder why nobody had thought of that yet. here comes the good family doctor, Caleb, to try and straighten these people's problems out. he probably could have fixed them all years ago, but that's not an effective way to stay in business. so thanks to Louise the dolls that she put at the bottom of the pond float to the surface, right in the middle of breakfast, because nothing progresses a plot like convenience. and while he's getting all the dolls out of the pond, Billy, who killed Kathleen, has a flashback to staring at the pond as a child, you know, after he killed Kathleen. later that night, a local poacher named Simon gets his damn head cut off. and the only reason I told y'all about this scene is because I'm like getting to say Billy did it. meanwhile, dr. caleb has the pond drain because he thinks something fishy is going on down there. [Music]. and while the pond is draining, mama goes out and gets attacked by that crazy fool with the ax, but survives, leaving everyone to wonder who did it. I'm not gonna say Billy did it. it. Billy did. the next day, after the pond is drained, they see a stone shrine at the bottom that says, forgive me, Kathleen, leaving everyone to wonder who made it. Oh, Billy made it, so Richard. and kinda like, well, a bunch of bad, crazy happening. let's have our wedding. you know what? let's just leave the wedding to stop the honeymoon early. and some itchy obtain at this point. the only one who's being logical is dr. caleb, who looks around in their state and finds Louisa's dead body and a wax figure of Kathleen. so while dick is trying to show Kane his low Richard, dr. caleb puts the wax Kathleen front and figure in the middle of the yard. they all crowd around it. Billy attacks King with an X, and dr. Caleb shoots Billy. and after Billy is shot, he has a flashback to when Kathleen drowned. he was just trying to wrestle with a fork toy, and then she fell in, and apparently she couldn't float. and then immediately after said flashback, Billa dated. the moral of this story is, was more the story, you should be willing to give your life for your family, because it might just be your family that take it. oh, and Billy did it. no. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you could expect me to upload videos more regularly. now that I'm over the streptococcus in the influenza. stop for movies. explained for I'm jab ability to the dire. good evening. 