Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an action, adventure, and fantasy film called "Coma." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. An architect wakes up in his room, which appears normal to him initially, but everything is not what it seems. As he begins to look around, he sees disintegrated parts of the room. But to his confusion, it regenerates as soon as it comes into his view. He becomes more bewildered when he gets outside, where he comes across people who appear to be missing parts of their bodies. On the streets, the arrangement of the roads and buildings are in disarray. Some are upside down, while others are tilted in different directions. As the Architect goes further, he comes across a decayed structure and begins imagining what it used to look like. As he stares at it, the building starts restoring itself right before his eyes. Suddenly, a monstrous black creature jumps down from a building and starts running towards him. Before the beast could reach him, he is stunned by a powerful blast. With the monster gone, two men and a woman rush over to him and carry him to safety. They all start running as other creatures continue to chase them. The group manages to kill another monster, but another soon corners them. Seeing no other way to escape, the man they call Pilot decides to activate an explosive device and blows himself up next to the creature. With the monsters no longer in pursuit, the Architect starts asking questions about what happened to him. The woman, who calls herself Fly, reveals that they are all in a coma. She explains that all the structures around them are memories of comatose people. The people who are missing parts of their bodies are also memories. As she continues to explain their situation, Fly notices a wound on the Architect's face and heals it by hovering her hand over his head. They get inside a dilapidated bus that functions as a wormhole that transports them directly to their base. As soon as the team gets out of the vehicle, a woman named Spirit starts asking them about Pilot. Phantom, who leads the squad in their missions, tells Spirit that Pilot sacrificed himself to kill one of the monsters they refer to as Reapers. As the group argues over Pilot's loss, their top leader, Yan, emerges and assures them that the sacrifice was worth it. As Fly shows the Architect around the base, she explains how they keep themselves safe from the Reapers. The paths leading up to the building are always blown up so the creatures wouldn't find them. However, the routes always reappear because someone would remember them. Fly notes that their leader is searching for an island that would keep them safe from the Reapers, so they have to go out to look for people who can help them get there. The Architect comes across a room and sees large holes with a view that seems out of place. Fly tells him that those are dreams that materialize when they go to sleep. As she shows the Architect his room, she reveals that newcomers usually go through an initiation. Yan, however, already decided to let the Architect join without the initiation. Fly says that Yan had been able to leave the coma before, and he's the one who taught the group to survive. After the Architect goes to sleep, he starts dreaming about the last moments before an accident that seemed to have caused his coma. He wakes up to find an overturned vehicle in his room, along with a hole that gives him a view of the building that he saw in his dream. As he approaches the hole, Phantom warns him that he could get lost in there if he goes inside. He tries to make the Architect feel at ease in his new surroundings. However, Phantom senses that the Architect and Fly seem to be getting too close to each other, so he tells him to stay away from her. Phantom is not in a romantic relationship with Fly, but he thinks that he's getting close. The Architect tells Phantom to let Fly make her own decisions, so the squad leader gets angry and takes the newcomer outside. In the yard, Phantom points out that some people in coma develop extraordinary abilities, which usually manifest when they're in grave danger. He orders a man named Gnome to shoot him with a makeshift cannon to demonstrate his ability. When Gnome fires, Phantom immediately catches the projectile with his bare hand. Gnome proceeds to shoot two rounds at the Architect, hitting him each time. Gnome then brings out a training machine that the Phantom operates with remote control. The robot hits the Architect several times, making him fall to the ground. As he tries to block the attacks from the machine, faint glowing lines appear over him, but they fade away quickly. Phantom stops attacking him and assigns him to a team led by a man named Cable. The following day, Phantom prepares a team to retrieve explosives from a submarine from Cable's dream. The Architect sulks in a corner because he wasn't allowed to join the team. Cable tells the Architect that they're lucky they don't have to come with Phantom because they're a lot safer staying behind. As Cable advises the Architect, Yan interrupts him and explains what he discovered about their strange world. He found out that time moves much slower in a coma compared to the waking world. Yan surmises that months could pass by in their current state, but only one day had elapsed in reality. Yan claims that he had been there for fifteen years and asserts that people can even survive for thousands more. He tells the Architect that he'll be able to do what he wants in this strange world. After speaking with Yan, The Architect approaches the Phantom and tells him that he wants to come with them. On their way to the submarine, a man they call the Astronomer starts telling the Architect about his theory about dreams. The Astronomer explains that dreams contain their memories about their real lives even though they don't remember their past. He believes that they will be able to wake up from the coma when they explore their dreams. Spirit detects the Reapers in their vicinity, but the Astronomer assures them that they are out of the monsters' reach. They explain to the Architect that Reapers can sense humans through a particular signal they emit. Gnome points out that he created the "whistle" so one of them can use it to lure the creatures and blow themselves up. The Astronomer tells the Architect that Reapers are coma patients who are brain-dead and only kept alive by life-support. They soon arrive at the submarine port, which is guarded by armed men from Cable's memories. Spirit creates a diversion by using her ability to conjure up an illusion. They wait for the other guards to finish their rounds, but Phantom gets impatient and throws an explosive at them. The explosion alerts the other guards, forcing the squad to engage them in a firefight. The team manages to take out all the guards, but the Astronomer fears that the firefight might have attracted the attention of the Reapers. The group starts retrieving the torpedo from the submarine, with four of them holding the chains to lift the armament while Cable detaches it from the ship. With minutes more to go, Spirit suddenly senses Reapers within the vicinity. Phantom orders the group to take care of the Reapers and leave Gnome behind to hold down the chains. The chain, however, is too heavy for one person to hold, so the Architect asks for help. In his frustration, Phantom shoots the chain and breaks it, causing Cable and the torpedo to slip from the submarine. Due to the distressful situation, the Architect suddenly manifests his ability and saves Cable by creating a ramp out of thin air, allowing him and the armament to slide down safely. The squad evades the Reapers and takes the torpedo back to their base. That night, Phantom asks the Architect whether he can use his ability to build a wall that would protect them in combat or even a bridge that would allow them to go anywhere. Yan contends that there's a better way they can use the Architect's abilities. He suggests that the Architect can build an entirely new island for them instead of using the sites that have been constructed from their memories. He argues that a new place built from scratch, unattached from any memory, would be safe from the Reapers. The Architect agrees to build the place and assures them that he can do it. Yan announces that they'll be leaving their base in the morning. He then appoints the Astronomer as the new squad leader due to Phantom's recklessness. Furious from losing his position, Phantom threatens to reveal Yan's secrets to the whole group. While everyone else sleeps, the Architect tries to create something with his mind but fails. Fly sees him and realizes that he hasn't learned to control his abilities yet, so she chastises him for telling Yan that he can build the island. She points out that the Architect was able to come up with a blueprint when he was concentrating and moving his hand, so the Architect tries again. He starts thinking of a 3D layout until it manifests and slowly turns into a model of a spiral-shaped building. Fly inspects the model and asks the Architect if she could see his memories. When they get to his room, she notices the overturned car and surmises that the Architect had been in an accident. The Architect reveals that before he fell into a coma, he was in the car to meet with a potential client, but the meeting turned out to be a trap. He had previously wanted to wake up, but he had since changed his mind, knowing that he is free to do whatever he wants in the coma. Fly says she only has a few memories of her past, but she remembers that she can't be with the person she loves. She leans in to kiss the Architect, saying that the coma has made it possible. The following day, the residents prepare for the journey to the new site. While the others are busy, Phantom takes a whistle from Gnome's bag and hides it in his jacket. As they go on their way to the new location, Spirit detects the presence of Reapers. The group splits up and tries to look for a different route. The Astronomer asks the Architect to go up the hill and get back to them when he sees an airplane. When the Architect gets there, a Reaper slowly approaches him from behind. A man named Tank fights off the creature and takes the Architect back to the group. Phantom intercepts them and tries to plant the whistle on the Architect. The squad, however, figures out that the Phantom planted the explosive. When they confront him, they notice that his body is disintegrating. Finding himself in a desperate situation, the Phantom tells the residents that Yan was responsible for putting them all in the coma. Yan shoots the Phantom, but he is still able to run away despite the fatal shot. A Reaper catches Gnome and kills him, causing other members of the group to panic. The Architect tries to protect the group, but Yan pulls him and orders him to return to the bus. Phantom, realizing that his body is already falling apart, tries to call the attention of a Reaper using the whistle, but the creature ignores him. The squad gets cornered by Reapers as they approach the bus, so they run in another direction. As the Architect runs after the group, he starts waking up. As he opens his eyes, he sees a picture of an Egyptian temple on the wall. He starts recalling the events that led to his coma and found himself going through his architectural designs as Fly drives him to his client. Fly warns him that the client is a notorious sect that might use his designs malevolently. When they reach the gates of the sect's headquarters, a man, who introduces himself as a disciple, approaches them and tells them that only the Architect can go inside. Fly hands him a taser as he gets out of the car. Inside the building, the disciple tells him that their headquarters was once a hospital before their organization took over. They soon walk into a hall where the Architect meets the sect's Teacher, Yan. After discussing his designs, Yan leads him to a ward the organization keeps coma patients. The Teacher hints that he wants to give his followers a new life by putting them in a coma. When he asks the Architect to be a part of the experiment, he refuses and tries to leave. Two doctors try to subdue him, so he uses the taser on one of them and runs back to the car. As Fly drives away from the headquarters, they collide with a truck. The Architect, now fully awake, finds himself and Fly in the ward with other patients. Yan explains that Fly was put in a coma just a couple of hours before the Architect, but months had already passed when he got there. He reveals that the religious sect was only a cover to help them raise funds for their operation. He assures the Architect that his plan to build a new city was real. Yan walks over to Phantom's bed and discloses that he had fully recovered his memory, but he decided to stay in a coma until a Reaper caught him. The Architect begs Yan to let him and the others go, but the leader insists on putting him back in a coma to finish building the island. The Teacher swears that he won't keep anyone against their will if the Architect returns. As soon as the Architect agrees to Yan's terms, the doctors inject the man with a drug to stimulate his brain to recover his memory faster once he's comatose. Yan promised to show the back door to the Architect if he does everything he asks. After waking up in his apartment, the Architect uses his abilities to get back to the field and help the squad. As they walk on their way to the site, the Architect tells them about their comatose state. But before the Architect could reveal any more of Yan's plans, the leader arrives and tells him to start building the island. Once the Architect finished, Yan starts revealing what each squad member was doing before they went into a coma. Spirit had been experiencing hallucinations and convulsions almost daily, so she has been sent to an asylum. Tank had lost his family in an accident, and he almost got locked up for trying to shoot his neighbors. The Astronomer is an autistic who cannot leave his house and has to be cared for by his aging parents. Yan points out that the Architect had problems of his own. He hasn't made any money from his beautiful designs because potential clients think that they're way ahead of their time. He reveals that Fly intends to leave him because he was becoming moody due to the lack of interest in his creations. Spirit and the Astronomer express their desire to stay in a coma, but Yan says he can't let them be a part of it because they might reveal what they know to his other followers. They promise to keep the secret, but the leader refuses to take the risk. Tank starts to disintegrate as a disciple turns off his life support. The leader advises them to bid each other goodbye before the disciple unplugs another machine. When he goes outside, the Architect sees the Egyptian temple depicted in the picture he saw in front of his bed. Waiting for them outside the temple is Yan, who stops them from escaping. The Architect uses his ability to drop a large slab on Yan, but he breaks it before it hits him. Fly's body starts to wither away while the leader strangles the Architect. As Yan uses his ability to disintegrate the Architect, a Reaper stabs the leader in the back. After Yan disappeared, the Reaper starts morphing its shape to resemble Phantom and refrains from harming either the Architect or Fly. When he goes outside, the Architect sees the Egyptian temple depicted in the picture he saw in front of his bed. Waiting for them outside the temple is Yan, who stops them from escaping. The Architect uses his ability to drop a large slab on Yan, but he breaks it before it lands on him. Fly's body starts to wither away while the leader strangles the Architect. As Yan uses his ability to disintegrate the Architect, a Reaper stabs the leader in the back. The Reaper morphs its shape to resemble Phantom and refrains from harming either the Architect or Fly. The Architect walks towards the temple and wakes up, leaving Fly behind as she starts to disintegrate. After becoming fully conscious, the Architect goes straight to Fly's bed and wakes her up. As they get up to leave the hospital, the disciples arrive in the ward, only to find that the Teacher has passed away. Back at home, the Architect has started to design ordinary buildings to attract potential clients. Although no one has contacted him about his proposals, he assures Fly that there's no need to worry about money because he has another job. The couple soon learns that there will be no charges against Yan's sect due to a lack of evidence against them. Furthermore, the religious organization is still growing steadily despite the allegations against its leaders. The Architect says he's not worried about the sect anymore. As they prepare to go out, Fly tells him there was a letter addressed to him. The Architect tells her that he already saw it and it only contained documents from an old project. He sees a leaflet from Yan's organization and locks it away in his drawer. 