cow business recap traps, weekend French rope and stranger things. you go. 83 Hopkins, Indiana, a sleepy little town that's about to get bananas. a D&amp;D campaign happens IOL when the bike path home becomes the highway to hell, where a super secret government wars when to use superpower kids with methods of Bullivant. they were just fine trying to win the Cold War. and freedom forest poodles and the devil go ahead. and the telekinetic hangs with Davey club kids and humiliates the school bully in public blog. Wade gets a run Mikey's checklist. but think she loves the most is low cause breakfast. there's joy, some Winona Ryder time, hanging Christmas lights for Supernatural Skype and hover pill buffer on the beat is good and bad. cop cold cockin so hot and rockets add dadbod mean wild Nancy wheelers waiver in between the young chief owner and the one and only Harrington and hooba kid. and he's a teenage dreams, but she needed cleanser BFF, and turns her into a me. she was taken super south to aka the upside down, a monster with so many enough control this freaky, underground treatment through the ceiling. not a creature. you should mess it. but Louisville Slugger is remarkably effective. cranking 211. van flipped and brain squish and gory. brownie wins, and that demon back to purgatory. look at you. Sahaj seems chill enough until he pukes a slug. blood death and demonic dangers. commie off guard. there was no disclaimer, but when they do any stuff, I feel safer from house pages. [Music] got me less things we are still had. [Music], eighty-four and more. IP gets plugged when Mad Max sets records on Dig Dug renfa skating. Cali girl boys fight for her affection, and the ladies want her bro who's like cocaine. that's Ascension. bad about she was Lily's new therapist, and he's also Shady. honey. don't say there's a twist. Winona story with her doom the news feed. and hopper hides away with his Newton broom leave an elegant angsty tries to run from the pain though her birth. mama's toast recently, the shifts it up. the shy should be super-powered action, but as more or less a showcase for some eighties Punk fashion. the tinfoil hat, sport and vodka shots. John and Nancy get busy in Azad garage. what news reporter Steve haters stealing his thunder so he fires up a bromance with the toothless wonder. he found a creature in the trash named the dark fetid nougat. Bennet gutted his cat. he's fighting Lucas for mass like he's pining for el put those hormones. I'm holes. cut that vagina to hell. the demon inside buildings. major weakness is a sauna. so they follow all the messes, as magellan up and rana chamoy sacrifices, as the Laskin father figure le levitates and shufflin came from still the darkest leaders too scary. that's a big fat no, bro. let's slow dance to old jams in slow mo. and preference, they like city la Poma, todo Buster's Reagan. second turn and stop. hair disaffected that cigarettes in this mess the town and smash the town. that me [Music] same things we used to have. that was stranger things. season 22, y'all, at this recap rap. hope y'all enjoyed that. Joseph 80s nostalgia. enjoy your present daylight. we'll see you next time. WAP. hey everyone. Brian here. thanks so much for watching. I am very happy to announce that you can now stream and download all of our recap rap songs by clicking the link right here. and you can also watch another dope video by clicking the box right there. anyway, I'm gonna go dance to toto some more in the upside-down. [Music]. 