welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode two. we begin at what is apparently one of virginia's prison camps, where these prisoners are given one last chance to earn their freedom by killing a bunch of zombies. the door gets caught, which should make it easier to kill these zombies on the floor, but they're all covered in goo for some reason. and, oh, it's all slippery. people getting pulled in. yeah. these zombies are the raptors from jurassic park. now, alicia clark and victor strand are on cleaning latrine duty. remember, at the end of last season, regina split our whole group up among different colonies to do different jobs. some rangers roll up and our group's old swat truck, and this one's a huge dick to strand for no reason. and stran talks right back. he's not taking that. so they're brought into the main settlement, lawton, a happy western town. they befriend this teenager, dakota, who looks exactly like virginia. copied her signature bangs. in fact, right now, virginia's getting those bangs cut by our groups. daniel salazar, master barber and also special forces badass. but right now he's acting like the meek old man barber says, he doesn't remember, at least you're a strand at all. yeah, he's claiming to have amnesia when she's gone. strands like, okay, daniel, we know you're faking. what's your plan? but he's like, no, i promise i'm not faking. yeah, he's definitely faking. when they get to the prison camp, they find another member of our group, charlie. yeah. she's here because she kept running away. also, janice is here, who i completely forgot about. she's a newish member of the group. she's the sister of the guy who got herself killed while filming on the bridge in season five. anyway, strand looks around and realizes they got a bunch of badasses here. the prisoners outnumber the guards. it's time to kill them all and stage a prison break. the guards do have automatic rifles, though, and our group's just given spears to kill zombies. so alicia's like, yo, i don't think that's the best idea. there's a stowaway on the truck, their new friend, dakota. and turns out she didn't just copy virginia's hairstyle. she is virginia's little sister. she wants to help to escape her sister, i guess, because she realizes virginia's generally the bad guy, and she knows the secret that can help. the reason virginia needs those zombies cleared is because there's a weapon in there, something they could use against virginia. first, strand and alicia have a little heart to heart. remember, he gave up the keys to the swap man to virginia to curry favor with her at the end of last season. he used that favor, when everyone was getting split up, to keep alicia with him, because she reminds him that he's really a good guy these days. she's like, yeah, man, i got you. you're my uncle. strand. season one, og's gotta stick together. and so it's zombie clearing time. they built this big ramp fence thing to funnel the zombies into a narrow point. work smarter, not harder. charlie's still dumb, though, and gets herself crap. alicia's got to go in for the rescue. and also, dakota comes in to savor new bffs. just then, though, the rangers come in and find dakota. but also, just then the fence gives out, and we got a horde of zombies flopping towards us. so there's some more zombie killing. our gang is smart again, makes riot shields, but the rangers are dumb, get themselves eaten. still, there's too many. they need a distraction. so strand gets to the rv and honks the horn. but these zombies won't be distracted by anything but fresh meat. this one prisoner, sanjay, is a totally useless coward. but strand thinks of a way he can help. oh, he stabs him. what throws him to the zombies. yeah, they're turning around now. this is some season two shane, hardcore, walking dead stuff with distraction. our girls get the rangers guns and mow down the rest of the zombies. that's how our group handles problems. they go in the warehouse to get the big weapon. but there's no big weapon here, so when virginia arrives in force, they can't fight her. they gotta keep playing nice. for now, virginia reveals there was a weapon in there. it's the classic trope, you were the weapon all along. yeah, she was looking for a leader in a group smart and strong enough to clear these zombies. and now she's found them. congratulations, victor, you just formed us an army. so she gives strand one of the key pins they all wear. yeah, he's moving up in the villain's ranks. so arguing shipping out to do army training, i guess, except for janice, who he said to stay here and do laundry duty. part of his master plan, i assume, will find out. and strand and alicia have another heart to heart. he's like, hey, i actually transferred you away from me. i've got to go full dark side, and i don't want to bring you with me. but alicia's like, yo, uncle strand. i can handle the dark side. i've been right there with you before. but he's like, look, i don't want you to have to go there again. she went through a whole thing in season five where she wouldn't kill even zombies, because she's like, becoming a better person. he gives her the same christopher necklace that daniel gave to him earlier, to help remember who you are. and darkseid strands got some master plan. speaking of daniel, he's really sticking to the amnesia act, even when charlie plays him the guitar song that he taught her. but that night, as he's being moved to some other colony, he's like, oh, guard, i forgot my good barber scissors. so when the guard goes back to get him, daniel whistles the song that the whole group loved, or whatever, and he gets a whistle call back from the wilderness. a zombie comes out, and, oh, it's killed by the coolest new character on the show. yes, it's morgan. oh, i love his new style. daniel immediately recognizes morgan. yeah, of course he was faking. and that's how the episode comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 