[Music]. Harry Potter awakens from a nightmare. we're in Frank Bryce is killed after overhearing Lord Voldemort conspiring with Peter Pettigrew and another man. Harry attends the Quidditch World Cup between Ireland and Bulgaria with Ron Weasley and his family. after the game, Death Eaters terrorized the camp. and the man who appeared in Harry's dream summons the dark mark, which is the mark of Voldemort and Death Eaters at Hogwarts. Albus Dumbledore introduces Alastor mad-eye moody as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, an ex Aurora. Aurora's are employed by the ministry to pursue dark wizards. he also announces that the school will host the legendary event known as the Triwizard Tournament, in which three magical schools compete by facing three dangerous challenges. the Goblet of Fire selects champions to take part in the competition, Cedric Diggory of Hufflepuff representing Hogwarts. Viktor Krum representing the durmstrang Institute from Central Europe and Florida. liqueur representing Bhutan Academy of magic from France. the Goblet unexpectedly chooses a fourth champion, Harry Potter. Dumbledore cannot pull the underage harry out of the tournament, as ministry official, Barty Crouch senior insists that after being selected, the champions are bound by a contract. for the first task, each champion must retrieve a golden egg guarded by a dragon. Harry succeeds in retrieving the egg, which contains information about the second challenge. shortly after, another event known as the Yule Ball, a formal dance takes place. Harry's crush, Cho Chang, attends with Cedric, and Hermione Granger, attends with Victor, making Ron jealous. during the second task, the champions must dive under water to rescue their mates. Harry comes out in third place, but his placed second behind Cedric due to his moral fiber. after saving fleurs, sister Gabrielle, as well as Ron, afterwards, Harry discovers the corpse of Barty Crouch senior in the forest. later, while waiting for Dumbledore in his office, Harry discovers a pensive which holds Dumbledore's memories. Harry witnesses a trial in which Igor Karkaroff durmstrang Institute's headmaster confesses to the Ministry of Magic names of other Death Eaters after Voldemort's defeat, when he named Severus Snape as one Dumbledore vouches for Snape's innocence. Snape became a spy against Voldemort. before Voldemort's downfall, as Karkaroff named Barty Crouch jr. a devastated Barty Crouch senior and prisons his son in Azkaban. exiting the pensive, Harry realizes the man he saw in his dream is Barty Crouch jr. for the final task, the champions enter a hedge maze and must reach the Triwizard Cup. victor, under the influence of the Imperius curse, incapacitates floor after Harry save Cedric, when the maze attacks him. the to claim a draw and together grab the Cup, which turns out to be a portkey and transports them to a graveyard where Pettigrew and Voldemort are waiting. Pettigrew kills Cedric with the killing curse and performs a ritual that rejuvenates Voldemort, who then summons the Death Eaters. Voldemort releases Harry in order to beat him in a duel to prove he is the better wizard. unable to defend himself, Harry tries the expel er miss charm. at the same moment, the valta Mort attempts to kill e curse the beams from their wands in twine. and voldemort's wand discourages the last spells of performed. the spirits of the people he murdered materialized in the graveyard, including Harry's parents and Cedric Baltimore. and his Death Eaters are distracted, allowing Harry to escape a Cedric's body by grabbing the port key. Harry tells Dumbledore that Voldemort returned and killed Cedric. moody takes Harry back to his office to interrogate him about Lord Voldemort, inadvertently blowing his cover when he asks Harry whether there were others in the graveyard, though Harry never mentioned in graveyard. moody reveals that he submitted Harry's name to the Goblet of Fire and manipulated Harry throughout the tournament to ensure he would win. moody attempts to attack Harry, but Dumbledore, Snape and Minerva McGonagall intervene and subdue him. the teachers forced moody to drink Veritaserum, a truth-telling potion, and he reveals that the real moody is imprisoned in a magical trunk. the false Moody's Polyjuice potion wears off, revealing him as Barty Crouch jr. Crouch jr. is returned to Azkaban. Dumbledore reveals to the students that Voldemort killed Cedric, although the Ministry of Magic opposes the revelation. later, Dumbledore visits Harry in his dormitory, apologizing to him for the dangers he endured. Harry reveals that he saw his parents in the graveyard. soon after, all three schools bid farewell to each other. [Music] 