welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka mr. marvel. and the same day that Avengers endgame surpasses avatar to become the highest-grossing movie of all time, they announced their universe shattering face for lineup. now, unlike most of my videos that are heavily scripted, I'm just gonna sort a freestyle this one and give my reaction to the face for announcements. I haven't read all of them, and I just kind of want to go through each one and give you my thoughts. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here about some of the movies and things that were discussed at the panels. so if you don't want to know anything about the films, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now let's get into the phase four breakdown. okay. so the panel started with Kevin Feige revealing the infinity Saga logo. I'm sure many of you don't really care about that, so I'll skip past it. it is a nice logo, but yeah, nothing earth-shattering there. then they went on to reveal the official logo for Marvel Studios the Eternals movie. and that's gonna be confirmed to be released on the 6th of November 2020. the Eternals were a group that I never really read that much. whenever I did, it was always because they featured in other people's comics. so my knowledge isn't that amazing on them. and it is getting a lot of hype around this film now, and I definitely think that, you know, if they take the right steps, this could become another huge blockbuster that sort of catapults them from the D and the C list into the a-list. the main cast has been announced, and it's gonna be Lauren red laughs, Brian Terry, Henry, Richard Madden, Lia McHugh, Don Lee, Angelina Jolie and Kumail Nanjiani. how I pronounce that right? a lot of this has been rumored, especially the Richard Madden thing, so it's great to see that they lock this down. they have a clear vision. they got who they wanted, and they're gonna steamroll the head with it. I definitely think it's gonna be a great movie, and I can't wait to see what happens with it now. next up was an official logo for the Falcon and Winter Soldier that's gonna be released in the fall of 2020 on Disney Plus. and yet, apparently Anthony Mackie right now is getting fitted for his captain Tamara a suit. I'm very, very excited about this, especially if the John Cena casting rumors are true, that's gonna have him as a u.s. agent. apparently the the plot is gonna focus on them basically on the run from the law, and US. agents trying to track them down, because he's basically a government-appointed Captain America. I think it's gonna add a lot of diversity to the Marvel Universe. and, yeah, it's gonna be a really thrilling show. the next announcement was shang-chi and the legend of the ten rings, which is set to release on February the 12th, 2021. yeah. obviously, the ten rings, they kind of got sidelined a bit in the Marvel Universe, so it's great to see that they're bringing them back. Octus. emily has been officially cast as shang-chi. it's obvious, you know, that they're, they're definitely aiming towards a Chinese demographic on this, especially with the casting choices. and this is sort of set to take the bad taste out of your mouth from Iron Man 3, in regards to the Mandarin, as actor Tony Luang has been officially cast as the in bracket reel Mandarin. and we'll see how that goes down. it does feel like a bit of retconning, but I actually quite like dying man 3, but we'll see if this is more authentic Mandarin, yeah. but I'm very excited for that as well. now, the next announcement was the 1 division at Disney Plus TV series that's been confirmed to take place after the events of endgame, which is interesting, as obviously vision was killed in infinity war am. so I do, I do have my theories on how they're gonna bring him back, but I'll, I'll save you from them for the moment. and that's set to release in spring 2021 on Disney Plus. and the follow up announcement was also a massive Disney Plus advert which is Loki. and that's gonna be dropping spring 2021. they also give the logo for that. and yet, obviously, if you've seen Avengers endgame, you're very curious to know what happened to Loki in that movie, because he got out of there really fast, and we're kind of left with an open-ended thing of what could have happened to him. I think this is gonna be great. it's gonna be a massive seller for the Disney Plus platform. and obviously, you know I'm it's not getting released in the UK, but I'll find a way to watch it and give you a full breakdown of it. now, the next line up was Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness, which is set to release on May 7, 20:21. this is gonna be a massive, massive movie, I think, for the MCU. obviously, the multiverse is sort of being paid lip-service to in spider-man far from home, but now that we have an official film set around it, it's really gonna delve into all of the alternate realities. and I think it's massively gonna open up the Marvel Universe to different possibilities and different ways of looking at things. Scarlet Witch is also set to appear in that, so hopefully that'll sort of build on her role in one division, and show that these characters are really something else. Lord Nightmare is also set to be the villain. and I've heard casting rumors that they're looking for either Christian Bale or Matt Smith, but there was no official announcement about who who's gonna play that role. but yeah, if they manage to get either one of those, I think it'll really work. now, after this, the Hawkeye Disney Plus series was officially announced, and that's set to premiere in the fall of 2021. it's going to start Jeremy Renner in the lead role, and it's also going to introduce Kate Bishop to the MCU. so this is massive news for Marvel comic fans. I've actually seen this retreated quite a lot um it seems like quite a big story. so if you're in in the comics, then this is just pure fanservice for you. and yeah, I think it's really gonna work. it's, it's a nice passing of the torch sort of thing, and I'm really looking forward to it. and again, it's another reason to find a way to watch Disney Plus shows. then the next announcement, which, in my opinion, is the biggest film from the phase four lineup, is Thor love and thunder. that's gonna be released on November 5th, 2021. and it's also going to have Valkyrie be reveal as the first LGBTQ hero in the Marvel Universe. now, this is big, big news. and it's sort of strange that they've announced door before guardians of the galaxy as well. as you know, there's been a lot of sort of back and forth behind the scenes with James Gunn being fired by Disney, then going to work out Warner Brothers to start work on the Suicide Squad, then being rehired by Disney. and that kind of delayed guardians of the galaxy. so I'm not sure exactly how they're gonna pick up from the events of Avengers endgame, as obviously Thor and that kind of went off with the Guardians. and I'm guessing they're gonna have to change the script for guardians galaxy 3. there's been no mention of beta ray bill either. and so, yeah, we'll see how this goes. obviously they're kind of rushing the cell. this was meant to be after guardians of the galaxy 3. so we'll see how it works. and they'll obviously have to adjust it to fit a new storyline. we also got confirmation that actress and Natalie Portman will be returning as Jane Foster, and she will wield Manya as the first female Thor in Thor love and thunder. which I went crazy for this news. this is absolutely outstanding. I think it's brilliant that they managed to get her back. and everyone was over the moon to see her in Avengers and game, even if it was edited footage. but yeah, this is gonna be something else, and I'm really excited for it. now, after this, the Black Widow movie was confirmed for May 1st, 2020, with the official logo now being revealed. they hadn't actually confirmed this and film, even though we all knew it was being made. but yeah, it's great to see that they finally locked this in place. now, this is being confirmed to be partially set after the events of Captain America Civil War. so it will be interesting to see how the back and forth time jumps take place. personally, I think Black Widow will be revealed to be alive at the end after the events of Avengers endgame, and that'll be the post-credits scene. and yeah, I'm really interested to see how that goes down. they did actually show some footage of the Black Widow movie. and I'm gonna be doing a video later today that kind of breaks that all down, so keep an eye out for that, and make sure you stayed locked on the channel. but for now, yet, really excited to see what happens next, was the announcement that we officially getting blade back. he's been cast as the guy who played cottonmouth in Luke Cage. so I don't know how that's gonna work. I guess they're kind of pretending those shows never happened. but this is amazing, amazing news. I've always been a massive fan of blade. maybe not blade Trinity, but the first two are absolutely stellar. and he has felt like a bit of a miss in the MCU. I've always, when I went back and done watch throughs of the Marvel movies, I've always started off at blade, because I feel like they are part of this. and so it's great that we're finally getting him in some form or another. they then announced the first animated MCU series called Marvel Studios what-if, which will feature voices of people like samuel l.jackson, josh brolin, Hayley Atwell, karen gillan, jeremy renner, yeah, it's just gonna be massive. it's, if you've been following Marvel Comics, you obviously know that what ifs are a big part of their universe, and they sort of show alternate events that could have played out, and the way things could have happened differently and had a huge effect on the world. after this, though we didn't get an announcement of the official day, we did get confirmation that the Fantastic Four movie is now in development. this is massive, massive news. Marvel have wanted these characters for decades, and it's great that they finally got them now, and they're gonna start with something big. I'm really, really excited for the Fantastic Four. I think once you sort of bring Doctor Doom into that, you've just got an amazing billing for the MCU going forward. we didn't get an x-men confirmation, however, we did get Kevin Feige teased that mutants are coming to the MCU, which is, you know, massive news. I'm very, very excited to see how that goes down. and that's pretty much all of the updates. though they didn't get confirmed on the slate, there is rumors that black panther - Captain Marvel - spider-man, homeless guardians of the galaxy, vol 3. so yeah, there's so much to look forward to. and I don't feel like this panel had perhaps the big hitters, like The Avengers or the New Avengers, or the Dark Avengers, or The Young Avengers, or any kind of Avengers. but there's so much here that's still amazing. and I really think Marvel are going to knock it out of the park once more. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this news. has it's got you excited for phase 4? or do you feel like it was a bit of a disappointment? just comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the marvel's avengers leaked gameplay footage that i'll be linked at the end. in that video, i'll show clips of all the leaked gameplay, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to see what that game looks like in action. I'll leave that linked at the end, and hopefully I'll see you over there after this. also, just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the face-full panel in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from there. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 