welcome to the man of recaps. this is the bachelor episode - last week. Peter was having an intense conversation with Hannah brown. it was, although maybe I shouldn't have let you go. I still kind of got feelings for you. he invited her to come back on the show. they'll give it another shot. but obviously that doesn't happen. they're basically like, yeah, I mean, we kind of like each other still, but it didn't work out. I think it's time to move on. so that's probably the last we'll see of Hannah Brown this season, unless somehow the big twist they're teasing at the end involves her. it's hard to go from that sort of a serious talk to a fun-loving group date. so Peters like, let's cancel this afternoon. I'll see you guys tonight. Peters like, sorry about all that. I mean, I was in love with her, and so emotions are complicated, but I just want to move on. the girls, though, are skeptical, but they are moving on. and Peter makes good connections with some of the girls who haven't gotten as much time yet. natasha is super cool, and McKenna, the fashion blogger from Canada, gets some sexy time. but the date Rose goes to Sydney. she and Peter connected. she talked about how growing up in Alabama was tough being mixed-race. back at the mansion, there's even more girls. Lexi, the cute redhead, has a good time with Peter, and Peter reinforces his deep connection with Madison, who he took on the 101 family date last week. but the big drama of the episode is with Kelsey. she brought some special bottle of champagne with her all the way from back home to have this moment with Peter. but Hannah and finds this setup, and it's like, Oh, champagne. let's pop this. Kelsey has a complete meltdown. she's convinced that Hannah Anne knew this was her special bottle, and she's purposely sabotaging her. Hanna's like, yo, they've got champagne set up all around this mansion, like I just assumed this was one of them. her defense is totally valid. they've got another champagne set up, literally right there. Peter takes Kelsey to that one to make it up to her, and as a cutesy thing, they decide to drink straight from the bottle, which leads to this hilarious moment. Oh, over the face. I almost feel bad for Kelsey, but on the other hand, she overreacts like crazy, so I'm just gonna laugh at her. then it's time for the rose ceremony. a couple more randos go home. Peter picks Hannah and and it looks like Kelsey's on the outs. but with the final rose, he decides to keep her too. if I were the bachelor, I would want to split up any pairs causing drama immediately. but then again, where's the fun in that? the next day, it's time for a fun group date. he brings them to a clothing store, revolve. and based on the girls reactions, I guess it's a real cool one. they get to pick some outfits cuz it's time for a fashion show. the winner gets a ton of new revolve clothes. maybe even more exciting than impressing Peter. the show goes on though. it's a lot of fun. Hannah Ann comes out, you know, wedding dress. kind of a bold move. some girls are totally at home in this challenge, like the model and the fashion blogger. but Victoria does not feel as comfortable she's not as much of an extrovert that shines in a televised competition like this. Victoria's freaking out backstage, but she goes out there and kills it. yeah, girl. her second outfit his straight-up lingerie. she shows off her rock and body and steals a kiss from Peter. so Victoria's got her confidence back. and the final two are her and Hannah Ann. but Hannah Ann does not like losing, and she wins this one. Victoria's confidence is ruined again, and she threatens to walk off the show. and based off the full season previews, looks like she's gonna do that a few more times. Victoria has a heart-to-heart with Peter about having this big personality is just not her. but Peter comforts her, like, hey, I like you for who you are. so Victoria is feeling good again. and for stepping out of her comfort zone, Peter gives her the date. rose Kelsey redeems herself, shows she does know how to drink champagne. it seems like we've moved past that whole drama. but Hannah Ann's not letting it go. she tells Peter about how after the champagne Fiasco Kelsey was bullying her. he calls and Kelsey like, hey, it's not cool. you're bullying and from her point of view, this is ridiculous. it's Hannah, and that's the bully purposefully stole her champagne and is now trying to twist it around on her. but Peter is totally smitten by Hannah, and he clearly believes her. so emotions in the house are incredibly tense. and that's where this episode comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 