this boy thought he was an orphan, but was actually a billionaire. remy was abandoned by his parents when he was six months. barbarian found the boy's clothes expensive, so he took him home. he thought remy's parents would come to redeem the child, and he would receive a large sum of money. but barbaran's wife, madame, was a kind person, so she wholeheartedly took care of the boy. remy was an 11 year old boy. now, the boy's life was very comfortable. at night, he was lulled to sleep by his mother. in the morning, he took the cow to graze. life was very happy and innocent. but unfortunately, barbarian fell and broke his leg while working in paris. he asked his wife to send 400 euros to find a lawyer. because she had no money left. madam had to sell the cows to her neighbor. remy was very sad. he often went to the neighbor's house to visit them. one day, while remy was singing to the cows, a strange man suddenly appeared. caused the boy to panic and run away. after coming back home, remy found barbarian angry because madam did not collect enough money. he did not receive compensation from the company. he wanted to kick remy out of the house because his parents did not come. so remy was now out of value. madam had to tell remy the truth, that he was an abandoned child. she showed him the expensive newborn clothes that he wore. after learning of his true identity, remy was unable to sleep. he thought his life was extremely peaceful and happy. but unexpectedly, it was full of unhappiness. the next morning, madam told remy that he was not being taken to the orphanage. they would ask for the mayor's aid. remy was glad. he and barbaran came to town, but barbaran still wanted to take the boy into the orphanage. remy was angry. ran to a restaurant. he met the mysterious man who was at the barn the day before. next to him was a dog and a monkey. he was vitilis, a street performer. he wanted to hire remy with a salary of 30 euros last year. the greedy barbarian agreed, took the money and left. when vitalys led remy through his house, the boy screamed for help from his adoptive mother, but she was stopped by the greedy husband. remy realized that his life would change from now on. after accompanying videls, remy realized he was a good man. he not only shared his meager portion of bread for dog and monkey, but also protected remy. vitili said he recognized remy's singing ability. the boy had a beautiful and pure voice. the praise of vitili surprised remy. the boy just thought of himself as an orphan. that day, vidalies and his animal went to the town to perform. everyone applauded. vitilis told remy to sing, but the boy was very shy. even carelessly fell that made his clothes full of mud. remy was disappointed and angry with himself. he found himself unsuitable for singing. the dog brought remy a newspaper. the picture on the newspaper showed vidalies was performing the violin. he told remy that he used to be a musician. reluctantly, he had to wander. vitilis saw that remy had the potential to become a famous artist in the future. he wanted remy to learn letters so he could write to his adoptive mother. after regaining the trust, remy and vitilis set out again. he both learned to write and practiced singing. three months later, remy wrote his first letter to his adoptive mother and received a reply. the boy was extremely happy do the two quickly became good friends. lisa's mother was very happy to see her daughter smile. she hadn't been smiling like that for a long time. during the performance, because he did not have a permit, mr vitales was arrested by the police. remy asked ask lisa's mother for help. the court made a condition that if mr vitales told about his true identity, he would be released. he disagreed and was sentenced for two months in prison. vitilis told remy that he was a criminal. because of his passion for singing, he neglected his family. his son lit a candle at the door every day to wait for his father's return. unexpectedly, one day a candle burned down the whole house, so his son died. since then, vitilis became a street artist. after hearing the story, remy understood his many suffering remy stayed at lisa's house, and the two children played happily together. lisa accidentally saw remy's newborn clothes. the boy told her about his true identity. they became close friends. two months later, mr vitales was released. he went to pick up remy. lisa's mother wanted remy to stay here as lisa's butler. mr vitelli said that remy had the ability to sing, being a butler would waste his talents. if remy was popular, he could marry lisa. lisa's mother thought that remy would not be popular, and that marrying her daughter was even more impossible. however, the decision belonged to remy. finally, remy chose to go with mr vitilis. he knew that only by following him to study could he enter the upper society. he could find his biological parents. lisa's mother was about to make clothes for her cousin. seeing the fabric was identical to that of remy's clothes, lisa told her mother. her mother was amazed, because this fabric was so expensive that only nobles could use she wrote letters to many friends to find remy's biological mother. another unfortunate thing happened to remy. mr vitilis had tuberculosis, coughed up blood. the monkey also had a large lump on his body. the winter came, vidalia's led remy to a motel, invited the doctor to examine the monkey. the doctor said his tuberculosis was very serious and had to be treated quickly. but vitilis also had to take care of the monkey and pay for the room. vitilis held a show at the inn, earned a lot of money. but this money was not enough to cure the monkey. a female musician looked for vitilis. she realized his true identity. she was a big fan of him. she gave him a gold coin and left. remy happily ran to the monkey, but it was no longer breathing. after the burial, remy wrote to lisa and received a reply. in the letter, lisa wrote that her mother had found remy's biological parents. told him to contact the lawyer james milligan. after confirming remy's identity, the lawyer took the boy to meet his biological parents. but the boy's parents did not have a noble temperament. that made vidalia suspicious they generously gave vidalies a large sum of money and sent him away. that night, they revealed their evil nature. lawyer milligan was remy's uncle. because of the fortune, he killed remy's father and even wanted to kill the boy. his subordinate didn't want to do that, so he placed the boy in front of the church. attorney milligan had been looking for the boy for many years. if he killed remy, the fortune would belong to him. vitilis promptly came to rescue remy and forced them to reveal the real whereabouts of remy's biological parents. on the way to find his biological parents, they met a big snowstorm. in order to prevent remy from getting cold, vitilige warmed him with his body all night. when remy woke up, he was in a large house. in front of him was his mother. lawyer milligan told that remy was the fake. he wanted to usurp the estate. he tried every way to slander the boy. remy's mother saw the lullaby lyrics, so she realized that this was the song she used to sing during her pregnancy. the mother and son happily reunited. remy told his mother that james milligan wanted to kill him, so he was arrested. remy buried mr vitales, thoughtfully and found his kind adoptive mother. he gave her a large sum of money. fifty years later, remy became an old man. he used his estate to build an orphanage. remy returned to her room and chatted with her wife, lisa. thus, after overcoming many hardships, the orphan boy has found his biological mother and inherited his fortune and lived a happy life with lisa. 