don't even honey. you paid someone to take a GED graduation. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to college. Titus, why are you back? sometimes crews adjust in early. it's a very common thing. I think I know more about cruises than you do. it's okay if you got fired, it doesn't mean you're not talented. Kimberly, if there's one thing I learned in that cruise is that what I've been shouting at bus drivers for all these years, it's true. I am a star. which papers are in the mail. sign him and get him back to me. why do we even have to go through this? there's no way that marriage was legal with Sesame Street. those jobs last forever. I get to sing with celebrities, shelf cookies in my mouth without chewing. you won't sign because you're still in love with me. vitu, right before you get the thing you want, you got to do something really hard. so you give mr. frump us what he wants, and you get what you want, one of the best TV jobs in New York. no, but you already have a husband, and he's got some stuff. that stuff's worth money that I could use for college. but how do I get it from him. you tear up these papers and contest the divorce. [Music], you should take one of these career aptitude. so Mikey going into his apartment with another man really? well, that doesn't necessarily mean cheating on me. chem Kibo, so who can't vote tomorrow? [Music], only one person Rossing guard. that's even better. not me. I was surprising you. you made it. spine. my peers. shady. you know what? I can't what you right now. you better call bucket with the good hair for me, Duma. aren't you again? of course. but if you vote for her, she's gonna stop me from bringing clean water to this neighborhood, really. mm-hmm. that's why you need to vote for any candidate. but Lilia, um, hi, my name is Perry. and if you have any questions, yes, I didn't see anything in the pamphlet about your crossing guard program. I I don't think we have a crossing guard program. but we have a lot of other great vocational programs, I swear. babe. oh, my poop all says, ping-pong-ball eyes. Jeff is just a body we met at the gym, the gayest place I meet someone. I don't just want to be a crossing guard. I want to learn how to really think. just tell us who you voted for as well. I trust Lillian to do the face. I realized this is all my fault. Titus. I never told me we were together. when I do that, I tell everyone, look, Kimmy, I know you took a test or whatever, but you don't have to be a crossing guard. you could be a unicorn if you want. and now I need to do the same for you. no, it's too much pressure being your first and your own. are you breaking up with it's just one of the many small ways in which I am stronger than Beyonce. can't see each other at all. for now, which one of you is Kimberly? that's me. around these parts they call me karate. Kim. I'm Wendy Hebert. I'm here with your updated divorce settlement. I can't even imagine what sad and crazy lady would marry the Reverend on purpose speak about another woman that way, especially since I'm mystery [ __ ] works. hands away. honey, candid, right over my feet. first, you're slowly crushing him. imagine the optics of having a Native American in the family will be bulletproof. what do you mean, in the family? let's get you and Russ married before God takes you. I don't know you. I don't understand you, but I'm not going to let that monster hurt another person. I'm not signing these idea because I want to open the newest and largest big naturals right here in east dog mouth. I'm gonna play it all back in the cans, and you come in on backup. I'll just do some vocal exercises I learned and the gig years ago. you know, Sam, I don't plan you wait. seriously, you know, it's like really hard to get in right? and you're the dumbest person I've ever met. how would you like to sing lead? why did I haven't suddenly vocal since Luther Vandross passed out at that concert and I ran on stage pretending to be a doctor. this is her. she's the badass that pulled a sub seven on the ergh, hey lady. how would you like to roll for Columbia on a full scholarship? starting a meeting. I mean, I believe you know this woman, Gretchen. yesterday we received some intelligence about the church. miss chokers running out of a compound in rural Pennsylvania. but we have reason to believe that shocker is dangerous. what do you want me to do? maybe someone she knows can help talk urn out. Gretchen, you have to be up north. Kimmy, that's the only thing you've ever said that makes any sense. so don't give up. get out there. face the consequences like a woman. hi, I'm Gretchen. nice beaver cut. I am loving this. I grew up poor right here in the city. it's not a contest. Lillian, I'm saying we're the same. we fought for the same ideal. you didn't need her. please give whatever you can. hurricane Tammy, with an eye. you never want to go near the water on these boats, Titus, especially the hot tubs and pools. they're basically unflushed toilets. oh, it's Warwick. I think we should cancel today's performances. little Titus could go on in my place. he's ready. he say, nice. have you seen miss Warwick? Oh, check the infirmary. she got sick again. so, yeah, you did this to me. spring, spring them until the bottle was empty. but it turned out I wasn't only spraying them. I had inadvertently poisoned 220 people. so I grabbed my paychecks and my bag of wigs. oh, okay, that's good. and I had a four lifeboat. okay, what's the single most important thing to everyone in this room? doing my best. no money. and nothing motivates Americans like outrage. just look at the election. downstairs, a group of very angry Native Americans are burning Redskins jerseys at two hundred and fifty dollars a pop. so it's just more money for me. this is Native Americans are such a tiny minority, so what if you offended a much bigger group America is the Washington gun takers? Oh, nobody takes my guns. well, I'd buy a Jersey just to shoot at follow holes. oh, you're a genius. I haven't been this proud of you since that misprint in the papers said that you were a National Merit Finalist. [Music], my love. everybody leave if me and ideas forever. does that mean? and betraying the memory of my sweet, funky, late husband, Roland peacock, this song is about me dying first. it's called move on. are you usually in joint yes, these people are the bad guys. our shared hatred of your family is what brought us together in the first place. no, but my family. but we're going in different directions. there's a continuous flow of blood, so there's no pulse. so you gotta have definition in your chest forever, like me with that cop spooling. LVAD, it's not a permanent fix. the doctors say I could have a year, maybe two, or it could be a month. I wanted to update you on your academic probation. hold up. I'm on the base. you've been on the base for a month. if you fail the semester, you will have to leave Columbia. how did you call? no, that's all. you tasty, right? I just searched Cowabunga lifestyle Spotify. are you spying on my key again? I'm watching my key to find the right time to jump back into his life. it's called double dutching, and everyone loves it. but then I heard someone playing my TaskRabbit song. all right, he gets half, but I get final wardrobe approval. no, okay. I just dropped out of school. you failed out. wow. I thought you were smart. you chose to drop out. yes, it might be a huge mistake. well, and unfortunately, you're going to have to leave Kalon. dropping out in Colombia. my choice. I'm terribly sorry, but I said my thing first. ah, this is the same guy. it's actually our three-month anniversary. Wow. three sugar leaks. good for you. I want to be a crossing guard. well, are you gonna have to pass a test? I want me a boy. I'm not great at tests. supposedly I have emotional intelligence. [Music]. we had to run a standard background check. you aren't currently married to a registered sex offender in Indiana, are you? well, yes. we can't have you around schools or glee. all of this is for you, Mikey. why do you think I'm up here seeking a stupid song as corny as my witness? you will be mine today. I got your page. I use my connections to booked you a gig. I handled your many tantrums. I get screams when he's nervous, and I love it. so, Jacqueline white is going to be an agent. you want to give me a job? did I stutter - damn it, but I just f'd out of college. don't you want to hire a robot or something? robot can't do what you did today. you notice me. you remember my name. what do you say? Zach? I'm [Music]. 