have you heard about the legend of a man who has slept with thousands of beautiful girls? this is his story. little boy charlie played seven minutes in heaven with friends. he really wants to be locked in a closet and make out with his crush. but unfortunately, he was paired with a goth girl, elisa. she was very weird. elisa really likes him, but he rejects her when they were locked in the closet. then love turned to hatred. elisa, that day had cursed charlie that any woman who comes to him will eventually break up with him. charlie will not be able to find his true love. then she pulled off a few strands of charlie's hair. as an adult, charlie has become a very attractive and successful man and a very talented dentist. even though he was always surrounded by beautiful girls, none of them could make him fall in love. one day, while he was attending the wedding of one of the ex-girlfriends, but some very strange events happened. a lot of people attending the wedding were his ex not only that, but he also discovered that carol, the girlfriend he just broke up with had found a new boyfriend. and she also caught the bride's wedding bouquet. moments later, when charlie and his fat friend were walking in the street, they saw carol was trying on a wedding dress. charlie's dental clinic is right next to his fat friend's orthopedic surgery clinic. there are always a lot of beautiful girls on the friend's side, but his clients are mostly older people. but after returning from carol's wedding, his clinic also appeared many beautiful girls. their purpose was not there to check their teeth, but to seduce charlie. it turns out that everyone has rumored that he got a curse. all the girls, after breaking up with him, will find the love of their life. a girl took the initiative to attack, hugged and kissed him fiercely. just as they were about to make love, charlie got a call from cam. charlie met cam at that wedding. he was already feeling flustered by her, even though she caused him a lot of trouble that day. after learning that she needed a dental examination, he immediately arranged schedules and examined her. but what happened after that with charlie was catastrophic. charlie was injured, but he was not angry. he invited kem to dinner, but she refused and quickly left. but soon after, she came back because her car could not start. charlie helped her, but another disaster happened to him. she even locked the car door and left the key inside. then he took her home to get the key. cam carelessly pressed the wrong button that made the ceiling of the car flew out. she also slipped her dress in front of charlie, which made the atmosphere quite embarrassing. when he got home at night, he found a woman sitting in the living room. this fat girl sneaked into his house wishing to find true love. she told him about his legendary popularity on social media. they even gave him the name good luck. shock. charlie was about to refuse the girls, please, but he was relieved by her miserable look. he agreed to make love to her. the next morning, charlie told his friend everything. but for him, it was a wonderful thing. charlie can make love with beautiful girls. and help them to find true love. after listening to his friend's advice, [Music], do aired by his friend's call. it turned out that he had phoned all of charlie's ex they were all successfully married. charlie was scared. he didn't want to lose cam, so he found an excuse to went out, ignoring the charming cam seducing him in bed. charlie and his friend wanted to test his curse, so they came up with a way. they went to the pool to find an obese and ugly girl as the subject for charlie to date. charlie had to stop nausea and pay 1 000 to be able to have sex with that fat girl. then he let his friend go on a date with her. this time, his curse was ineffective. charlie happily walked over to cam. the two of them had a wild and passionate night. surprisingly, the next morning he saw that fat girl on tv. she also found true love. the friend fooled him. he didn't date the fat girl. charlie hurriedly prepared a lot of things for cam's breakfast. after that, he also prepared a lot of other ridiculous things. but the excessive work he did made cam feel uncomfortable. there was no other way. charlie had come to where she worked intending to propose to her, but then he saw her and another man hugging very closely. charlie did not calm down. he rushed in to beat the guy's ass. cam could not take it anymore, so she decided to break up with him. he was also taken out by a security guard. charlie was very sad. he sat dumbfounded under heavy rain. at this time, the girl who sneaked into his house suddenly passed by and told him that she had found the love of her life. after being comforted by her, he remembers elisa. maybe she will help him to break the curse. he went to her house to apologize and agreed to fulfill her wishes that year. but now she is married and has some children. her family life is very happy. she told him that there was no curse, that was only a little girl's angry words. charlie then understood that the love between him and kim broke down because his actions have hurt her. he silently helped kem contact a penguin expert. she admired bahrain. while he was sad. his friend came and brought one of his exes. turned out they were dating. but unexpectedly, he heard that kim was preparing to take a trip to the south pole with that bahrain guy. charlie does not want to lose cam, so he decided to chase after her and went on the same flight with her. after meeting her, he told her everything. but it turned out that on this trip there was not only bahrain, but also his wife and children. cam also knew that he helped her to get in touch with bahrain before he proposed to her. and she agreed. the two of them had a sweet, passionate and memorable time at the south pole. but charlie does not know that when he left elisa's house, she forgave him and finally decided to break the curse for him. 