before we begin, let me start by saying, never, never. i said, in real life will you see two single, attractive people who have to earn a living selling their naughty bits fall in love and come to this conclusion during a spoiler alert, damn cat rescue mission. the stars of our movie today. ah, my fair lady, hannibal and jeff the millionaire. our story begins with holly go lightly drinking coffee and having breakfast at tiffany's. and yes, people drink coffee before there was a starbucks, and before the show friends was on tv. so we see very quickly that holly is the type of girl who knows that she's hot and mooches money off of men by only offering a single scoop when they thinking they paid for a double scoop, only to bite into the damn cone and find that hollow. don't you hate that? but somehow she's not or a tease, because she elegant ass. but this racist part where holly never has her key and they use it to make fun of a whole race of people. skip that into paul, or as i like to call him, paul, the human ken doll. the human can't paul, he's moving into the building. and we learn he has something in common with holly. he doesn't have a key, so he buzzes holly and a damn cat. and then this movie teases us by making us think we're going to get to see some titties, and we don't. so she lets the ken paul in and asks to use the phone. and then they have a long conversation for half the movie, which would never fly in a modern movie, because y'all's attention spans ain't sh ah. the good old days of cinema when movies actually have words in them. it starts with holly telling ken paul, i found his damn cat, but i ain't naming the damn cat because i don't really want to own this damn cat, which is a metaphor for how i don't want to be owned. i just need somebody to take care of me the way i take care of this damn cat. then they talk about how holly likes tiffany's, until ken paul tells her it's thursday, which happens to be the day holly is supposed to visit sing-sing correctional facility, where she picks up a secret message from sally tomato and gets paid 100 a week to deliver the message to him. did you notice how she entered the bathroom as a tired little, skinny stray and comes out all round? so she whistles for a cab, and it rolls up and drops out dis turd. later that night, holly is flaking off another guy she mooched money off of, and sneaks out the window to hide at paul's apartment. and guess what? she finds out that paul is none other than a gigolo. hot damn. look at his split. he just so deadly. so after the woman leaves, holly stumbles in the room and is like, i know you bear naked, but can i come in for a while? i need to get away from that douche downstairs and he says, i guess then holly's like, we got something in common. you know. we both screw people for money. you're nice. you remind me of my brother. he's in the army. his name is fred. so from now on, your name is fred. you dig. and then she says, so what you're doing when you ain't giving ladies pickle tickles? and he says, i'm a writer and holly says, where's the last time you wrote and ken paul fred says, today. then holly's like, live this type right? ain't got no ribbon in it. then paul fred says, all right, miss, thank what you do for a living. and she's like, i much money off a man, then i dump him. and he's like, how's that working out for you? and holly says, well, i'm doing it so i can take care of my brother, fred, but no matter how much money i make, i'm always broke. ever. then she's like, oh, it's getting late. i'm laying in bed with your bad naked. but we just friends, friend, so i better not catch no one eye snake creeping up my leg. and paul's like, woman, i don't need that skinny booty. plus, you couldn't afford me, no way. then holly starts having nightmares. and when paul fred asks her, what's wrong, holly's like, listen, if we gonna be friends, you're gonna have to mind your own damn business. and she leaves. and paul just sit there like she must be on the rag. so the next day, holly leaves paula notice says, sorry about the other night, but shark week is over, so you should come to my pot at night. and she buys him a ribbon so he can stop writing. again, that night, paul goes to holly's party. and the movie gives us an example of every type of drunk, the oblivious drunk, the needed drunk and the mean drunk. anyway, at the party, holly meets a handsome brazilian man named jose, who is also a brazilian. but she flakes him off for a multi-gazillionaire who looks like a tubby eminem. and she walks off with the not so slim shady. some time passes, and one day paul's sugar mama shows up and says, these guys didn't stand outside of the last few days. now bet you're bare naked to some damn body watching us, probably hired by my limp husband. so paul lose him all the way out to a park bench, where he's like, okay, freako, who the hell is this? and cowboy mr bean says, i'm holly's husband, fool. and her name ain't holly, it's lula mae, and we got four children she are you in noft from home, and i need you to tell that i stalked all the way out here to the big potato because i was damn tired of sitting out in the sticks by myself, listening to my arteries hot. so paul tells him, and hollis husband is like, girl, you skinny as hell. hit a mcdonald's once in a while. well, thanks, paul. if you need us, we're going to go in here and bone paul. paul bum something terrible. and don't bid at me about the skinny jokes bit. those who know know me and my girl, audrey, got the same waist size. they've seen my feet. so later, holly knocks on paul's window and is like, fred, this will full out his damn mind and his draws. our marriage wasn't known years ago, but he need it. i need you to come to the train station with us. he ain't really a millionaire, he just played one on tv, and i can't flake him off alone. so they get to the train station, and she dumps his ass again. and then holly's like, well, i'm depressed as hell. let's hit the teddy bear. so they go to the teddy bear, and once again, this movie teases us by making us think we're going to get to see some titties, but we don't you make me mad. movie. anyway, holly gets wasted, so paul takes her home, where she tells him that she's going to try to get that rich chub by eminem, eating eminem, to marry her so she can mooch his money. and paul's like, dead dumb. and holly's like, sorry, i don't take life advice from men who sell women they twinkies. and that pisses paul off, so he says, fine, then i hope you're drunk. that's like yakking into a toilet alone. so a few days later, paul gets a check for some story he wrote about holly, and he knocks on holly's door and says, m got hitched, and i was just playing the other night. and she's like, oh, me too. i was just drunk as hell, barfed all throughout the next day. so paul says, i just got money for selling something. they might want to go on a date. so they go on a date, and they go all over new york and do a bunch of fun stuff, like looking at jewelry. they can't buy drawing books in public library. books and stealing stuff from a five and ten shop, you know, broke activities. and if they go so well, when they get back, they decide to get jiggy with it. and paul gives it a fancy fred premium package, freo charge. the next day, paul's cougar shows up, and paul says, hey, i've got this cuter girl that i get it on with now, and i'm making money off my books, so get and she says, here's a thousand dollars. i own you, sucker. and paul says, you can take that check and jam it up your wrinkly depends wearing ass and clean out the cobwebs while you're down there. and paul looks all over the city for holly and finds her at the library. and he says, why are you fronting? you don't read and she says, guess what? i'm marrying that rich jose guy from the party a few weeks back. and paul says, what the and paul storms off, and holly just sit there like he must be on the rag. then one day, paul is taking out his trash when jose calls him into holly's apartment because she's acting nuttier than squirrel. and paul calms it down and finds out that she just got a telegram from the army that her brother fred bit the big bazooka. a few weeks later, holly invites paul to spend her last day in new york with her because she's going to rio with jose. but when they get back, the popo grabs them. remember that mobster named tomato? well, turns out that holly was unintentionally relaying orders to the mob by telling the jailed mobster's lawyer what the mobster said about the weather every thursday. but i have to say that this is a kick thing to sneak into a romance movie. anyway, holly spends like one day in jail because paul calls holly's hollywood friend to pay a bail it's some guy played by arbo gas that i should have introduced back during the party scene, but didn't feel like it eat me. when holly gets out, paul says, i brought your damn cat. and jose sent you a letter. and the letter reads, they're holly, my family's political image is important, and you got arrested, so now you're dead to me. hugs and kisses jose so what does she do? she gets mad at paul, and she says, i don't know why he brought this damn cat. i don't want this damn cat. get out your damn cat. and the damn cat just sit in the rain like they must be on the rag. and paul says, you love that damn cat. drive a pullover. i'm gonna find that damn cat. and then he says, you know what your problem is? you're afraid of love, and you're taking it out on your damn cat. so then she realizes she's being dumb and get us to look for the damn cat. so they look for the damn cat, but they can't find the damn cat. then she finally finds the damn cat. and finding the damn cat is supposed to serve as a metaphor that she's found herself, i think. then she and paul kiss, and they live happily ever after with the damn cat. but if this was the book, paul would have helped to flee to brazil. and what would he later see in somebody else's window? the damn cat. that's satisf god. what? wait, what? damn that's sad damn. and join me in thinking these muffins for keeping you in good supply. by donating to this channel, month after month, be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular drink of myth you're gonna need to get through this trying time. because, as dustin hoffman so accurately, stay at once, we're in deep. [ __ ] [ __ ] for movies explained. for i'm jeb, not the millionaire dyer. ah, 