hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2001 action car film, The Fast and the Furious. so let's good start. the film opens with undercover LAPD officer Brian O'Conner being assigned to an investigation for some stolen electronics. and infiltrates the LA street racing scene. Brian participates in a street race, going up against Dominic Toretto, aka Dom, with the winner taking home the other racers car. brian's engine blows and just as he is about to surrender his car, the LAPD arrives and everyone flees. DOM is nearly caught by the cops, but Brian saves him. the two meet up with some Asian racers that Dom has a rivalry with, named Johnny Tran and Lance win. Brian's car is destroyed, and Dom tells Brian that he owes him a new 10-second car, or in other words, a car that can complete a quarter mile in under 11 seconds. Brian begins working at Dom's garage. and Brian also begins dating Dom's younger sister Mia. while investigating who is responsible for the electronics eyes, Brian is confronted by DOM and his henchman, Vince, which he is able to throw them off his scent and gets them to help him investigate lance and trans vehicles and their garage. Brian, there notices a shipment of electronics in the garage that is most likely from the stolen truck. Brian also has a new car built, a 1995 Toyota Supra. meanwhile, Brian reports the batch of electronics, and Tran and Lance are arrested. however, it turns out that the electronics were illegally purchased, and they are both released. so now Brian starts to believe that Dom may have stolen the goods, which is unfortunate, as Brian has started to develop a friendship with Dom. at a big race in the desert called the race wars, one of Dom's henchmen named Jesse loses to Tran, but flees before giving up his car. Tran confronts Tom, accusing Dom of reporting him to the police. Brian, later that night, realizes that DOM is actually at the trucks hijacker. Brian reveals his undercover role to Dom's sister Mia, and convinces her to reveal the locations of the stove goods. Vince Dom and Dom's girlfriend, Letty, as well as another henchman named Leon, prepare to steal another semi-truck. however, the drivers are now armed with weapons and have aggressive countermeasures. during attempted hijacking, Letty's cars flipped and Vince's shot. Brian and me arrived to save Vince. Dom arrives, and Brian decides to blow his cover in order to get Vince medical attention. Dom leaves with Mia and the rest of the crew. Brian arrives at Dom's house to arrest him, but jesse is killed in a drive-by by Tran and lands. Brian and Dom pursue them, and Dom rams Lance's bike before he can shoot Brian. Brian shoots an interest Ram, then pursues Dom, leading to a quarter-mile drag race to beat a train, hence the focus on a 10-second car. the race ends with no clear winner, both escaping the train, but Dom smashes his Dodge Charger into a truck. Brian's up, deciding to give Dom his car instead of arresting him, making good on his promise to give him a new 10-second car. in a post-credits scene, we see DOM has escaped to Mexico driving a 1970 ship up. so that was the spoilers for The Fast and the Furious. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below. remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 