throughout the force awakens'. one of the biggest mysteries surrounding Rey was the identity of her parents. van theories were abundant on the internet, and all manner of names were put forward, from Admiral Ackbar to boss nass to Watteau the junkyard dealer. you know the list. as it turns out, surprisingly, none of those are the reality, or at least that's what viewers are led to believe. during their confrontation on Snoke ship. in the last Jedi, kylo tells Rey that she already knows who her parents were. there nobody, he says to her. kylo adds that they probably sold her off for drinking money and are now buried in a pauper's grave. what a great guy. whilst this might be disappointing for some fans, it makes Rey and more mysterious and interesting character. it also gives her a connection to Darth Vader that kylo will never have. Anakin. Skywalker like ray came from nothing. he was a nobody. he was strong with the force and ended up changing the galaxy. of course, it was for the worse. Rey, on the other hand, can save it. we see this motif repeat in the film ending with a nobody standing in a similar stance to Luke, in a new hope, showing that even the smallest of beings can make an impact in the universe. a graceful way to show that great things come from small beginnings. throughout the last Jedi, rey envisions a dark place on the island where she trains with Master Skywalker Luke. fearing that she will always go to the dark, wrestles with the fact that he could be training another evil apprentice. going against his wishes. Rey visits the cave desperate to learn of her past. in the end, she sees nothing but herself. whilst people may think this would lead her down a darker path, knowing that her parents purposely abandon her, in the end, it's actually her salvation. tempted by the dark side, ray learns from the fact that her parents were wicked and selfish, and instead of joining ren, decides to make a difference in the galaxy, to mean something, a symbol of hope for all. some would even say she is a new hope. some would even say she is The Return of the Jedi. some would even say she is attack of the clock. that one doesn't really work I know, fueled by the fact that they abandoned her, she had to travel to the dark side to learn the truth. and takes us knowledge to realize that it is not a path she wants to travel down. the hate that flows within her for her parents, in fact, causes her to rebel against their personalities and become a force for good. I got like rebel and force in that sentence. so hold on me. similar to this, kylo Ren feels rejected by his parents. after all, he was left with a crazy uncle Luke, who got drunk one night and tried to cut his head off. he Watts Eli. anyway, it makes for a nice similarity between the two that adds a lot of depth of the last Jedi and makes it one of the best Star Wars films today. so what did you think of the last Jedi? have you seen it? make sure you let me know. do you still believe it was boss nass, like I do? thanks for checking out my video. please subscribe my channel, as I do videos like this every week. and I hope to add some insight to things that you love and care about. hope to see you on the next one. take care. peace. 