what would you do if a crazy killer planted torture traps in your home? would you be able to survive? in this video, i will break down how to easily beat the traps in the collector. the movie starts off with a couple arriving home after a fun night out. the woman calls for larry, and we see a big red box in the middle of their room. both of them don't seem too worried about a random box, so they get closer and see a card that says, for the collection. the box then shakes, and they both get startled. let's be honest, who is going to open an unknown, creepy box that has something moving inside? other than larry? nobody will. he goes to open the box when someone grabs him from behind, and it cuts to black. arkhan and others are doing work on a nice house that is in the middle of nowhere. hannah pops up out of nowhere and asks arkhan if he wants to have a tea party. he says yes, and hannah playfully drinks tea with him. her father walks in the room, so arkhan tells him that he fixed his door and leaves. he goes to his car to smoke a sig. and jill here shows up and asks him for one. arkan reluctantly gives her one, and they talk about simple things like each other's names. the homeowner pays arkhan for his work and even gives him a little extra money. later that night, arkan meets up with his daughter and gives her a gift. lisa then shows up and is mad at him because they are in debt and need money. by that night, he leaves and tries to persuade this man to rob the house he was just doing work at. the guy says they have a routine and can't rob them that night. if arkhan was this desperate for money, he could have asked this guy for money, and then when they rob the house, he can pay him back, or even give more of his percentage to this guy, which is what they do. arkan arrives at the home and is attacked by a dog that nearly bites him. he gets to the front door and easily picks the lock. he heads up the stairs to the safe, lifts up a picture and starts to work on cracking the code. he hears a creak, but doesn't think much of so he keeps working. when he heard this, he could have easily stopped and hid for a few minutes, just to make sure it was nobody. he hears another creek so this time he quickly moves to another room. from this we can see the collector listening for arkhan in the other room. he makes it to the front door and sees that the door now has more locks than it did. the only reason someone would have this many locks is to keep someone out or to keep them in. if arkhan didn't see them when he entered the home, then there must be someone trying to keep something in, which is a terrifying thought. he knows he doesn't have much time till he has to find the money for lisa, so he goes back to the safe. he stops when he hears screams coming from the vent. he moves into another room. when the homeowner falls and is all bloody, the owner thinks arkhan is doing this to him. and when he grabs a golf club, a whole chain reaction takes place that eventually throws the man over the balcony. after seeing this, arkhan desperately tries to look for an exit, but all the windows and doors are boarded up. he goes to pick up a phone when a nail stabs him in the ear. seconds later, he reaches for the window and gets his hands caught in razor blades. after getting stabbed in the ear, i think most people would try to bandage it up, not try to escape seconds later. but arkhan is just different. he moves to another room to hide from the collector, but then finds a chandelier with knives attached. he is unable to get the knife, so he walks into another room that is filled with wires. i'm surprised that arkhan knows how to pick a lock, but doesn't know that he should grab a weapon when in danger. at this point, he should also know that every move could potentially lead to his death, so he needs to be super cautious. another room is filled with bear traps. arkhan could have taken these bear traps and moved them to different locations to possibly distract or trap the collector. he enters another room, and when he turns on the lights, the homeowner screams, and we see he was being tortured. he also sees victoria is gagged and sitting in a tub. she tells him to find hannah, and he persuades her to scream and cause a distraction. this works and attracts the collector, allowing arkhan to run upstairs in search for hannah and the gun. he makes it to the safe and grabs the gun. he hears rattling coming from a closet, and when he looks, it's a big red box. he opens it, and outfalls larry. from the beginning of the movie, opening the box was a risk because all we know, it could have been another trap, or it could have had an alarm that would go off if it was opened. he walks into another room and steps into acid that quickly starts to melt his shoes. the collector hears this and walks toward him. he reaches the room, but arkhan is able to hide under the pillows. before he is seen. he leaves and tries to help victoria escape. this is very risky and not a smart option. victoria, scream and hide so when the collector shows up, you can get a jump on him and shoot him from behind. victoria starts to scream. when she sees what happened to her husband, she runs off and is stabbed by the collector repeatedly. arkhan hides under a table. when the collector walks over and helps a spider. this would have been the perfect time for arkhan to use his gun and kill the collector. arkhan runs to another room, and here's a car honking the horn. it's turns out to be jill and her boyfriend, who are about to enter the house, but it's locked. they get into the house from a back door and are oblivious to their surroundings. this is great news for arkhan, because it will give him a better chance of escaping. jill sees the collector, but he easily kills her boyfriend and drags jill away. arkhan could have third partied this and possibly killed the collector while he was focused on something else. he would have had a higher chance of killing him than he would with a one-on-one. arkham distracts the collector and tries to help jill escape. she picks up scissors and gets slammed into a board with nails, dying instantly. arkhan then tries to help larry, who's in the red box. if i was stuck in a home, i would definitely want arkhan with me, because he tries to help everyone escape. although this is good. all the people he has tried to help have been killed minutes later. at this point, he should stop trying to help others and save himself, or kill the collector and then help others. he breaks through a window and makes it outside. i'm not sure why he didn't just do this earlier, but okay. he starts to run off, but is stopped when he sees hannah in the window and decides to go back inside and save her. arkhan should have tried to get a phone and call the police before going back inside. this may sound harsh, but if hannah was able to survive for this long, i think she can do it for a little while longer. she is about to get caught by the collector when arkhan shows up and hits him with the gun instead of shooting it. he then takes hannah into another room and leaves the gun behind. hannah is able to make it into a laundry chute, but right as arkhan tries to the collector breaks down the door and knocks him out. the collector chains arcane up and proceed to torture him by knocking out his teeth. meanwhile, hannah is witnessing all of this, a cop then shows up at the house, which stops the torture. the officer sees some carnage in the house, so he pulls out his gun and moves to the side of the home. the collector steps out, and the cop tells him to freeze and to drop the weapon. suddenly, the collector's dog bites the officer in the neck, and the collector finishes him off. meanwhile, arkhan is able to escape the torture chains he was in. he takes hannah and they get up the laundry chute right before the collector's dog reaches them. arkhan is able to get close to the collector and they get into a fight. he pushes the collector down the stairs and locks him in the basement. but the collector easily shoots down the door. they plant a mirror, which distracts the collector, giving them time to use his own trap against him. this time, they both make it outside, but when arkhan tries to stop the police, he gets hit by the car. hannah is saved by the police, while arkan rides to the hospital. suddenly, the ambulance is hit and tumbles over. the collector opens the doors, takes arkhan puts him in his van and drives off. that is how the movie ends. i hope you all enjoyed this video. and if you did, feel free to check out my other videos. 