hey you guys. so Lonnie, you probably know that most horror movies tend to be just creepy and spooky enough to entertain us for 90 minutes. but there are a few horror movies that are different and are received as downright terrifying. and while I was growing up, there was no movie that fit this description better than sinister. in sinister, an author named Allison moves into a new house, only to set for an evil entity that haunts him and his family. he investigates this being himself in order to write a best-selling book about it, but ultimately fails and eventually dies from the actions of the monster. the movies villain is so mysterious and intriguing, yet he only gets a minimal amount of explanation during the film. so let's take a deeper look into the creepy boogeyman from sinister. as Ellison is carrying boxes into the new house, he finds a mysterious box of videotapes, and out of curiosity, plays them in them. he witnesses a bunch of violent snuff films. and right after this, the entire family slowly starts feeling the terror of this being. after experiencing some unexplainable, supernatural things. Ellison contacts a college professor who knows all about these mythological and religious characters and gives him the information he has in order to learn more about the powers that might be at play. and it's here that we get the first real explanation of what is really going on. the professor informs Allison about a mythical entity called the ghoul. in the movie, he appears as a humanoid figure who has extremely pale skin and long, dark hair. he has no mouth and no eyes and long creepy fingers. so what exactly is he the ghoul is said to be the brother of Moloch, who is a deity that some people in the real world believe in. and by looking at the incredibly evil Moloch, we can further understand the war, as the two have a lot of similar characteristics. it said that Moloch was a very influential presence that would often eagerly wait for the suffering of people. he would then seek to take advantage of those people by helping them out in the short term, knowing that in desperate times, they will do extreme things in exchange for his help. whenever there was a food shortage, for example, he would promise people food, but in return, demanded something very strange. he wanted the people to sacrifice children to satisfy his own hunger. the starving people would then follow his demands for his help. and this process of sacrificing children always went down an extremely painful way. his cult following built these statues of him, which would function like a furnace. there would be a fireplace in the bottom, which heated the entire thing. then they would insert the unlucky children into these slots where they would slowly cook to death. how is Google connected to all of this? well, Google would often imitate the rituals of his brother to anger him. this upset Mohawk so much that he would eventually punish his father by stuffing his mouth with ash, which would shut it for all eternity. this explains why burgle has no mouth, that never speaks in either of the two films. so beau Ghul, much like his brother, can only survive by feasting on the souls of kids. unlike his brother, however, he tricks children away from the real world and lures them into his own realm where he lives. it's only there that he can proceed to consume their souls over a longer period of time. and the professor describes that bools realm is inside the pictures that depict him. so he lives inside of the pictures and videos that show himself. but let's get into the specifics of how he actually gets the kids. the ghouls presence is initially limited to the house where he was last active. there her spirit sits in the tapes which lie inside the box. then he patiently waits until a new family with children moves in. from there, just like with Ellison, one family member can find the tapes and play them. what they will find in these videos is the footage of the previous families being killed. but the far more important thing is that boo ghoul can be seen in all of the tapes. and as the professor later describes, down listen, when somebody sees a picture or a film that depicts the war, a gateway is open for him to enter the real world. from their honor, he will mercilessly terrorize that person and their family. what will happen is he will either scare you in personal or you will continuously set up the tapes until they are burned into your mind. and this will slowly drive people to the verge of insanity. young children, however, experience something a little bit different. because what happens is that when new ghoul comes into your world, he doesn't come alone, but instead, all his previous victims come with him in the form of ghosts. these ghosts are only visible to young kids, and they play in a central part in the process of capturing the kids. the ghosts are under his command, and it is their job to manipulate the young children and turn them evil. they achieve this by making them watch all of the snuff films - this gets them more comfortable with the idea of intense violence. after that, the ghost slowly manipulate the kids to become increasingly violent themselves. the movie explains that young children are especially susceptible to his methods of manipulation. meanwhile, the rest of the family will be terrorized by the supernatural occurrences until they decide to flee. however, what they don't know is that boo boo lists on there, and once you have let him enter your life, he can travel with you wherever you go. and then, when you're the new house, the final step of k\xc3\xb6gel's haunting takes place, the ghost children convinced the kid that they have successfully manipulated into killing their family and drawing a big bull sign. they also want the kid to record everything with his super 8 camera. so the kids taking out their family and drawing this symbol is what completes a specific ritual that allows and enables b'gawd to finally kidnap the kids and take them into his world. this is seen at the end of sinister as the wolf picks up a lock ad after she completed the three steps, and walks into the movie that is playing with her in his arms. with the kid trapped in his realm, he can slowly devour their souls, which ensures his survival. he also makes sure that the kid records everything, because this adds to his collection with an increasing amount of pictures and videos. of a mouth there he has more portals to come into the real world and repeat the same actions again. once everything is done, the new tape, which has been filmed eyes ladies victim, is added to the box and is left at the new house. there boo boo awaits for a new family with a child to move in so that the whole process can repeat itself over and over again. so that covers the abilities, limitations and methods of this movie villain, who, by the way, is entirely fictional and was made up of the minds of the writers. in my opinion, sinister is probably my all-time favorite horror movie so far. I thought that it, unlike some other still great horror movies, was just so much darker and more mysterious, which really made it incredibly enjoyable. that's it for today, guys. I really hope you enjoyed it, and I hope I get to see you guys in the next video. thank you for watching. 