[Music], the possession of Hannah grace has just hit cinemas. and like all good horror movies, there is some truth to the work that inspires the events of the film. throughout this video, I'll be discussing minor events that happen in the movie. so there will, of course, be spoilers. if you don't want to know anything in advance, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to my breakdown of the real-life inspiration behind the possession of Hannah grace. in the possession of Hannah grace, we follow Megan, an ex-cop who now works in a morgue. in an interview with The Daily dead, the film's writer Brian Seb and producer Shawn Robbins, stated that the film's initial inspiration was a newspaper article about a woman in LA. who was ordered to take part in community service, and his service was in a morgue. this fish-out-of-water aesthetic is immediately something that most viewers will pick up on when watching the film, and it certainly adds to the tension. personally, I believe the film has slight tie-ins to the real-life Exorcism of Anneliese Michelle, who was also the inspiration for the film The Exorcism of Emily Rose. in Anna Lisa's real life, she was a young girl that began experiencing seizures at the age of 16. she was diagnosed with psychosis caused by temporal lobe epilepsy and then depression. in the film, depression is given as a reason why the demon was able to take over Hannah grace. so it definitely ties into the Hannah Lee story. by the time Hannah was 20, she often told people that she began to hear voices. her condition worsened despite medication, and she became suicidal. after taking psychiatric medication for five years failed to improve her symptoms, Michelle and her family became convinced that she was possessed by a demon. to me, this is clear inspiration for Hannah's father in the film, who too believes that his daughter is possessed, and even goes so far as to kill her in order to quell any damage that she could cause. and his family, similar to Hannah's, appeal to the Catholic Church for an exorcism, and they provided this over the course of the following months, and at least stopped eating and died due to malnutrition and dehydration. a family and the priest that took part in the exorcism were jailed at due to negligence. and whilst there was never any concrete proof, it's clear that many believe that Ana was indeed possessed. personally, I find the real-life events eerily similar to the setup of Hannah Grace's possession, even down to the neglect of her parents. the producers have not admitted any tally ins as of such, but I believe the similarities are quite striking. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. and if you think I missed any tie-ins, make sure you leave them in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the film itself, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you 