hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2021 horror film, don't breathe, two, starring stephen lang. warning, spoilers ahead. eight years after the first film. story, blind navy seal veteran norman nordstrom lives in a detroit suburb with 11 year old phoenix and his rottweiler, shadow. phoenix's birth mother died in a fire at their former house, according to norman, norman's only link to society. hernandez persuades norman to let phoenix join her on an errand in town so she may get out of the house. a thug tries to kidnap phoenix, but shadow scares him away. the group tracks hernandez's van back to norman's, where they wait for hernandez to drop off phoenix before murdering her. they kidnap shadow and murder him. the group bursts into norman's house to take phoenix, while he is outdoors looking for shadow. when the gang leader, raelyn, informs phoenix that he is her biological father, and confirms it by showing them both have a streak of white hair. phoenix's house burned down. after a math lab explosion in the basement, and raylan was sentenced to eight years in prison. norman discovered phoenix asleep in the debris and brought her home to replace his daughter, who had died. when raelyn was released, he saw phoenix alive when she went to her mother's memorial to leave flowers. when a thug knocks phoenix out, she is knocked unconscious. raelyn sets his own dog to kill norman, but he locks the dog in the attic. the group sets fire to the house before fleeing with phoenix. norman befriends the dog, who leads him to the gang's hotel refuge. ralen reveals phoenix's real name is tara, and presents her to her mother, who is still alive but critically sick. at the hotel, she claims she set off the explosion while making meth, poisoning her internal organs. as a result, tara's parents kidnapped her for the sole purpose of obtaining an organ donation for tara's mother. tara will be conscious when her heart is removed. due to a shortage of medications and facilities, the procedure is halted due to a power outage, and raelyn's men are attacked by norman, who takes advantage of the darkness to kill them one by one. norman murders the surgeon and tara's mother is killed by a stray bullet. raelyn's eyes are gouged out by norman, and he is left for dead. norman reveals to tara that her father was telling the truth. despite his injuries, he confesses to his misdeeds, which include murder and rape, and tells her to run for her life. raelyn appears and stabs norman, but tara stabs him fatally. tara tries to aid norman by suggesting she can save him, but he responds that she has already done it before succumbing to his injuries. tara departs and proceeds to a children's home that she had previously visited. she introduces herself as phoenix to a group of children who are playing. in a mid-credit scene, raelyn's dog walks up to norman's body and licks his fingers. norman's fingers quiver a little, signaling that he is still alive. thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time 