Liz. and so for those who are missing movie theaters as much as I am in school, to see independent cinema pulled through and try to help out theaters, this movie, along with a bunch of others, are available for VOD purchases from a bunch of digital retailers. but a lot of theaters are also hosting virtual screenings, which is pretty much the independent studios being cool enough to offer a way to go 5050 while everything shut down. and it's a way to support theaters, because, you know, universals out there trolling. so what better quarantine movie than the one about the ultimate self isolating community? let me explain. so we had just covered by varium and the worries of moving into your own place, along with all the societal norms that come with it. and the anxieties continue here. this is a super indie, written, directed, edited and lived by David marmar. the genesis of it really was my own personal experiences when I moved to Los Angeles in my 20s. it was shot in like 15 days there. they a lost a production truck while filming. their location was a running complex that had people going in and out while they were doing their stuff. and on top of that, they lost their lead three days before filming. this other person we had was a lot more fussy, you know, was asking if she could leave early, like already to go learn stick fighting or something, or like, stay here. you to be with that. that said, with the studio pick out, David got to cast his first pick the night she arrived. I think she still had her, like, suitcase with her, and we just met and said, hi, you know, hi, I'm Dave. hi, I'm Nicole. and got to know each other a little, and then I think the next day, we had about a half day, you know, it's the way these things go. and this is always the way with independent film, you don't, you don't get what you want, and you have to make do with what you get. so, full spoilers, we follow Sarah, who moves into the second floor of an alien partment complex, by herself, any pets, you know, kinda, it may be a one-bedroom, but everyone's chilling outside this place. it's like a little community where they all get along and take care of each other. they've invited her to a party. one of the neighbors starts trying to hit on her, before actually putting a hit on her, please do. tries to go all-american psycho. but luckily, saris Napster IKEA chair and gets away, but just doesn't get out. she's not going anywhere. it's crazy when you think about that. she left her overbearing, controlling father, only to end up in a cult. in their mind, they're trying to pitch this as a community. you know, they even share a book talking about the benefits, which I'm not denying. you know, it makes sense. and the olden days, you pooped out a dozen kids to help you on the farm, and the next thing you know, you have your own little league. but this is a call crazy is throwing away your only family for a selfish fantasy. Jerry knows exactly how to fix bad conditioning. one I've been Janelle tv2, no, you never trusted Jerry into the only conditioning my landlord should be focusing on is they see, the moment they strip you of choice, it's over. and if they LeAnn's save that nail for the coffin. you have to remember what it's like out there. everybody in their own separate world, on their little devices, obsessed with themselves. this community somehow deems who's worthy or broken enough to be with them. and in Sarah's case, her leaving our family to pursue her dreams in LA is worthy of torch. I mean, helping her, it's for your own good. they start by observing all their social media and start changing a life by cutting all ties. they set up sound waves like the sanno silence in order for her place to give her headaches, thus ruining her sleeping schedule and making it terrible for her at work. they threaten her because of her cat. pretty much, it's everything from the Kushner handbook. and while there are TED talks on the foundations to community, obviously they're not to this degree. I hope their goal of breaking down someone to those habits turn them into the person there's supposed to be, stems from this book by Charles lrb, which, considering the ending of all the properties being owned by this man's company. I would love to see a prequel with an even bigger budget breaking this down. therefore, foundations are, one, selflessness and two, openness. we don't keep secrets, so tell us about your first sexual experience. and then three, acceptance. and four, security, with surveillance easily being a job that's going to employ a lot of people. like half the things I watch have main characters already doing that as their main job. on top of that, they also act like the harga. they punish each other, and then, like the purge, move on like nothing ever happened. they brand themselves. they let go of those that can no longer help the community, which I disagree with. grandma Esther doesn't have to be out on the field, but she can. Barbara Gordon, from home, this and the cat in the oven are probably the biggest complaints I think audiences are gonna have with the film. yet, these guys deem who can go out into the cruel, cruel world. we have the technology to change our nature. we've had it for decades. Thorndike, Watson, Pavlov Skinner, all we've lacked is an understanding of what changed. - there are influences from Polanski, especially with the tenant. there's a little bit of rosemary in there. repulsion, obviously, the Bible, cuz when a nil are in you know from then on, she's never gonna be bed at this game ever again. so she Yanks her hands and graduates. they don't let her know that her purpose is to fill the void of Lester, the molesters dead wife. y'all are gonna make a great couple, great parents. and since they want him to be our new daddy, she has to turn her old one away. next time I want to see you, is that your funeral? obviously, we know that Sarah's a pushover, like, like she's an architect with no building blocks of success. clock out first. we can't pay overtime on this. okay? sure. but while there are qez are building up confidence, her ex co-worker, lisa, is the complete opposite. and it's a returning the second half of the movie that I don't really buy. after the cult push Lisa away from Sarah and almost got her fired, you know, they were completely done. boy, I guess the rent was too damn I and it was very cheap, eeeh. because she that applies to move in there as well. honestly, story wise, it feels like her resilient spirit is there to just help Sarah escape, like it's just for her to learn her lesson and gain the self confidence. but in reality, I think character like Lisa would've, should have lived through a crazy turn of events in the last 15 minutes. she's able to escape by sticking it to Jerry shoots bad luck Brian. the cult that used violent tactics to get their way or appalled. Sarah's doing the same to get her way. and Lester pulls a hoarder in order to help her escape by shooting himself before she's even gone. having read the script, I knew it was going to be intense, but David and I were fortunate to have some time together before we started shooting eliminated. overall, I think it's a decent thriller to stream. I can definitely see the concept redone with an even bigger budget so it can be properly fleshed out. but at the end of the day, it has me curious to see what Maura and Nicole Blum do next. so if anything, it's successful, I'm putting them on my radar. in the end, it's a reminder that group mentality can make people do foolish things. check out the sign of silence because it's a really good movie. check the terms of your lease and take control of your life, like Sara, who finally gains the confidence she needs to run away and escape the space in LA for the walkin in New York. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm here to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, I think it's a fun thriller. and there are a lot of other virtual movies out. if anything, I definitely want to put those on the radar to see what you guys are checking out. I've been able to catch a bunch of them, and maybe I'll make a video covering several of them. some of them I have covered in other festival vids. but I'm curious to know what other movies you're checking out. again, I'd love to see a sequel this Charles guy, and see, I'll deep the world goals with these properties and I was taken over. and you know, they may even do a sequel. that hasn't going super global. I wish we could help someday. but other than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts. any other Indies that you want to put on my radar, or any other movies that are just standing out to you, or even TV shows? let me know. and so next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and we'll send you an app for LME lofts 