so if you don't know pure flix, there that studio that produced masterpieces like, God's not dead, God's still not that and free oh, he's still around. all the movies that, you know, Christians watch to make up for not going to church weekly. but I'll say this, I'm always willing to give a movie, no matter what kind of movie it is, the benefit of the doubt. oh, well, I think that this one is just a stream it for me. it does have some good scenes. let me explain. so this movie is based off the New York Times best-selling book, the Bible. it's like the opposite of the Quran, bit like part one to the Book of Mormon. and we are following Samson, who just so happens to be the religious figure of this chapter, who kills a lot of people, sleeps with a lot of people and disappoints his people a lot. if you watch most Christian movies, you know that they usually just cast a bunch of British dude. so it's cool to see that for this one they also cast another British dude, but at least it looks like Jason Momoa. Samson's his real buff dude who everyone wants to be judged, so he can like, rule over the people a bit, but he's not necessarily King. and he's always just like, pass. I'm gonna go hit the gym. he's like the original inspirational meathead. God gives him the strength, and he protects his people from all of the bad Philistines. the problem is, though, is that the prince from the Philistines listens to a lot of anthrax, and he just loves screwing around with the poor Hebrews, just to be like extra edgy. and even his dad, who was played by the bad guy from Titanic, plain King, been playing this King is like, son, you got a chill Samson falls for this girl named Taryn, who, like, ain't even in the Bible. and since she worked for the Philistines, the Prince uses her to get to Samson, since he's too much of a punk to do it himself. they both turn into the Riddler on Samson's wedding day for whatever reason. but like, both of them don't get the concept of what a riddle is. Samson loses his so they steal his wife, obviously. and he has to find 50 tunics to be able to repay the dude. so he's just like a runs off screen. he finds a random army one punches a dude to death, then Tyrese's the rest of them before undressing them to bring back the tunics. he takes the tunics to the prince, and the prince is like, nah, fam, you're too late. they try to arrest them, but there's like an hour 20 so left in this movie, so they obviously aren't. he gets away, and he starts coming up with this revenge plan. his idea in order to get his wife back is to turn a bunch of foxes into charmander's. so they burn up the crops, and the prince is like, brah. kicks his wife and father-in-law off of and they did Sampson then becomes super depressed and hides in a place where no one can find him. his brother finds him, and he turns himself in so the Philistines stop messing with his family. but right before they're about to Ned Stark my dude, they kill his dad. he gets enlightened with the force, and my guy takes out like an entire football field of soldiers. all he's got is his donkey bone, and he's kicking their donkeys. this guy has the master cheat codes to the games, and, you know, he knows the Lord. and while whoever shot this forgot how frame rates work at time to make it slow-mo, Sampson makes the bigger mistake by letting Jasper from Twilight live. a couple years pass by. and for whatever reason, that means that they can't afford razors. and my dude ends up with those, uh, Abraham Lincoln beards that they give you for the, you know, fifth grade play. and finally, he meets Delilah, which, you know, I've been waiting for what inspired the song. turns out that the Lila is actually the princes wife. but this guy, as we know, even after years it's still so obsessed over Samson and his strength. he's like one of those lurkers on bodybuilding.com who stalks other dudes profiles because they're so swole. he sends his own girl to flirt with Samson in order to get to him. and I'll say this, while Delilah's close to being a tenant, I get why he fell for her. Samson still prettier, like, look at those cheekbones. they hit it off. he starts smashing things less violently. and there's this scene, which I don't have the full clips for, just these couple of frames, and where a mob of people try to pitchfork him to death in this Philistine town. and what he literally does is pick up the gate of the city and break it apart so he can escape. which is cool, but you know, when you really want to flex on your haters, so you go a little extra well, this dude carries the big old door, exits, and then carries the door for like 20 kilometers, just to prove a point. and and no one goes after him to, like, I don't know, pokum. anyways, it's what Delilah does to Samson. that's the climax of the movie. because, you know, he has three rules that God gave him in order to keep his superpowers. one, don't drink wine to don't touch that stuff. and three, don't get a fade. well, Delilah makes sweet, passionate, pg-13 love to him, and he knocks out. and this snake over here cuts his hair, relinquishing his powers and setting himself to get arrested and have his eyes gouged out. this is why I have insomnia. the Prince becomes King since he front stabs his daddy, and he brings Samson to him so he can be executed. but if you know the story, Samson, even though he's blind, gets magically close to a pillar. he gives one last price of the most high Queen, Latifah. and Steve Martin cameo as he brings down the house, destroys all the idols, destroys the budget, and they all dead. epilogue dn't aux about how this pioneered the Jews. so then set up kings, which, spoilers, don't really work out. but it also sets up the story of a young boy named David, who, with just a rock, took down a massive giant in order to be able to give the Hebrews power and also continue this pure flix Cinematic Universe. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, some of the action scenes were a little iffy for me, but overall, the story, I think was a little too prolonged. because, you know, we all know Samson for his interaction with Delilah and his strength. and they added like a whole nother hour to this movie. that didn't need to be there. but here's to know your thoughts about this movie, any other movies you want me to cover. obviously there's a lot more pure flicks coming out this year with God's not dead, four, three, whatever one it is. and, you know, just let me know your thoughts on what you want me to cover. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I will send you screening passes to God's not attend free. oh, I I just talked to him. 