welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about training day. los angeles police department officer jake hoyt is assigned for an evaluation headed by detective sergeant alonzo harris, a decorated narcotics officer. alonso is known to be a corrupt cop to several other narcotics officers who are also in on the take. alonzo and jake begin the day by catching some college kids buying cannabis, confiscating the drugs from the kids, alonso tells jake to smoke it. jake refuses initially, but complies when alonso threatens him at gunpoint. alonso states that refusing like this while on the streets would easily get him killed. he tells jake shortly thereafter that the marijuana was laced and he has actually consumed pcp. after paying a visit to roger, an ex-cop turned drug dealer, jake notices a pair of addicts attempting to rape a teenage girl in an alley. jake intervenes while alonso watches. after alonso scares them off, jake finds the girl's wallet on the ground and retrieves it later in the day, alonso and jake apprehend a dealer named blue, who uses a wheelchair. they find crack rocks and a loaded handgun on him. rather than go to jail, blue informs on his associate, kevin sandman miller, who is in prison. using a fake search warrant, alonso steals 40 thousand dollars from sandman's home. sandman's wife realizes the theft and calls out to nearby gang members, who open fire on alonso and jake as they flee. at lunch, the two visit alonso's mistress, sarah and their young son. afterwards, alonso meets with a trio of corrupt high-ranking police officials he refers to as the three wise men. aware that the russian mafia are looking for alonso, they suggest that he skipped town. alonso insists he has control of the situation and trades sandman's drug money for an official arrest warrant. using the warrant, alonso, jake and four other corrupt narcotics officers return to roger's house and seize four million dollars from the premises. alonso shoots and kills roger when jake refuses to do so. jake refuses to be a part of it. and when alonso threatens jake for a second time, jake seizes alonso's shotgun, prompting a mexican standoff with the other officers. alonso tells jake that the lapd will run a blood test on him, which will identify the pcp-laced cannabis he smoked earlier, and mimics what the local news will say about jake should he die in the standoff. alonso promises he can falsify this in exchange for his cooperation, then stages a scenario to get everyone off the hook, while jake reluctantly agrees. later that evening, alonso drives jake to the home of smiley, a member of the hillside trace, a street gang, to run an errand jake reluctantly plays poker with smiley and his fellow gang members as he waits for alonso. and smiley relates alonzo's situation. by midnight, alonso must pay 1 million to the russians for killing one of their men in las vegas, or be killed himself. realizing that alonso abandoned him and has paid smiley to kill him, jake attempts to flee, but is beaten and dragged to a bathtub to be executed. a gang member searches jake for money before he is killed, and finds the wallet of the teenage girl, who happens to be smiley's cousin. after confirming jake's story of how he had saved her from being raped earlier that day, smiley allows jake to leave and returns his gun. jake returns to sarah's apartment to arrest alonso, but a gunfight in chase ensue. alonso beats jake, and as he leaves to pay the russians, jake jumps on top of alonso's car, causing an accident. alonso is subdued while the entire neighborhood congregates to watch. in an attempt to get the crowd on his side, alonso offers money to whoever kills jake, but nobody interferes, not even when he then threatens them with sending them to prison on trumped-up charges. as alonso reaches for a gun, jake shoots him in the rear and takes the money along with alonso's badge, saying he doesn't deserve it. the neighborhood gang allows jake to walk away with the money as an infuriated alonzo watches. and jake plans to submit it as evidence against alonso. alonso flees for his life to lax but he is ambushed and executed by the russians. jake returns home as the press reports on alonso's death, which mirrors how alonzo pictured the news would portray jake. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 