in 1988, daniel, danny mcabee, a 22 year old man, leaves his wedding right before the ceremony is about to begin after learning that his fiancee is cheating on him and was only marrying him because he was going to be a doctor. he goes to drink alone at a bar where a young, beautiful woman walks in. she sees that dany has a wedding ring on his hand and asks him about his wife, to which he explains how she recently left him for someone else. and the woman from the bar ends up sleeping with him. 23 years later, danny, now 45 years old, is a successful plastic surgeon in los angeles who feigns unhappy marriages to get women and to avoid romantic commitment that may lead to heartbreak. the only woman aware of his schemes is his office manager and best friend, catherine murphy, a divorced mother of two. at a party, danny meets palmer, a young sixth grade math teacher, without his wedding ring on, and they have a connection together. the next morning, she finds the ring and assumes he's married. she refuses to date him because her parents divorced due to adultery. instead, of telling her the truth, dany tells her that he is getting divorced from a woman named devlin because she cheated on him with a man named dolph lundgren. when palmer insists on meeting devlin, dany asks catherine to pose as devlin, and they go shopping for new clothes to dress like a trophy wife, a mate over catherine or devlin then meets with danny and palmer and gives them her blessing. however, after hearing katherine talking on the phone with her kids, palmer assumes that her kids are dandies as well. danny then privately meets with catherine's kids, maggie and michael, to get them to play along, and gives them the aliases of kiki, d and bart respectively. danny accepts their demands for being his fake children. palmer meets the kids at a chuck e cheese like play center, where maggie has adopted a fake british accent and michael acts very morose. they blackmail danny in front of palmer to take them all to hawaii. at the airport, they are all surprised by dany's goofball cousin, eddie, who has adopted an australian disguise as the dolph lundgren that dany had made up earlier, because he wants to go to hawaii as well. to maintain the lies, danny and catherine are forced to bring him along. at the resort in hawaii, danny tells eddie that he is considering asking palmer to marry him. catherine and danny also run into the real life devlin adams and her husband, ian maxtone jones. because of katherine and devlin's longtime rivalry, catherine introduces dany as her husband rather than admit she is a single mother. over time, catherine is impressed by danny and his way of fun with her kids. catherine again runs into devlin, who invites her and danny out to dinner. eddie agrees to take palmer out to dinner so that danny can go with catherine, since he is supposed to be a sheep salesman. eddie's cover is nearly blown when he is forced to save a life of an actual sheep who choked on a toy whistle. at dinner, devlin asked danny and catherine to tell each other what they admire most about each other and as danny and catherine talk, they start to feel a connection. later, when palmer and eddie return from their dinner date, palmer suggests that she and danny get married now, since a drunken eddie told her about danny's plans of engagement. danny and catherine are both surprised by her proposition, but danny ultimately agrees. danny later calls catherine regarding his confusion, but catherine says that she will be taking a job in new york city to get a fresh start on her life. the next day, palmer confronts catherine about danny's feelings for her, which catherine dismisses. catherine then runs into devlin at a bar and admits that she pretended to be married to danny to avoid embarrassment. devlin confesses that she is divorcing ian because he is gay, and also that he did not invent the ipod, but made his money by suing the los angeles dodgers after getting hit by a foul ball. catherine confides in devlin about being in love with danny, but then danny shows up behind her, saying that he is not marrying palmer and that he is in love with kathryn. meanwhile, on the plane ride back to the mainland, palmer meets a professional tennis player who shares her interests. and sometime later, danny and catherine get married and live together 