[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a satirical drama film. this is your death. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. on the popular live reality show, this is your death, jesse pulled out a gun after she lost the wedding and shot the jerk room, the host, adam stage, is a heroic rescue of beauty. he takes the winning bride off her life successfully. in her desperation, jolted jesse puts a pistol to her head. adam becomes a blockbuster overnight. in response to his colleagues interview. however, he throws off prepared lines and speaks his mind. he believes the tragedy can be avoided, if not for the girls. becoming insane and crazy. as the show intensifies, he charged the audience with following the herd and making things messy. he sneers at money-driven capitalism and its coldness as well. his dripping, super cool speech successfully pushes him to the brink of being unemployed. but adam's sister, and a nurse, sees it differently. adam is an awesome brother with a high personality, being comforted by his sister. adam believes in himself and waits to be judged. fired. mason, the cleaner at the same tv station, used to fly high. his current penniless state makes him anxious to get the kids into school districts. the family gives everything they have to move here. it's not cheap to live here, though, that he has fallen behind on his housing mortgage for five months. he now has to rush to his second work as a dishwasher. unfortunately, though he works around the clock, he is still being chased by banks. when it rains, it pours. his wife tells him that if they lose their home, she will have no choice but to leave him and take the kids. adam boosts the ratings of the show like a hero. the program director not only urges him to stay, but also hires a better producer, sylvia, to help launch a more thrilling suicide live show. adam and sylvia think she is kidding, but they soon realize they are too naive to boost the ratings. director has made her mind. on such an insane show, sylvia against promoting death, so she refuses the offer and walks out. adam gives her a flat no and leaves too. after arriving home. he turns on the tv to look away for a bit, but the rebroadcast of his show unwisely bursts in his eyes. he explodes and runs out of the house like hell, running all the way. he sees a girl exercising gymnastics, ribbon in her hand. strikes adam's mind, and he goes back to director. he bargains that the live shows are full of lies, and audiences have been bored and furious about it. for a true story, they need a new show without any stunts. the suicides committed here are completely voluntary. what adam wants is pretty simple. he wants people to appreciate life. after learning the bargain terms, director and adam hit it off immediately and begin filming the new show. well, sylvia doesn't want to be a part of the show in any form because she believes they are running wild. but life sucks. she's under contract and has no other option. sylvia does a good job as a producer for the show. a cool stage for the new live show begins to take shape very soon with the opening of the first episode. the team all work around adam on the first night. what director does not expect is that adam starts his stand-up solo and gives a free speech on the stage. to make things worse, adam acts on his own to raise donations for the first suicide by promising that the program will also donate 100k dollars. the first participant, sarah, tells in her short clip that her husband bullied her for years. her daughter was also offended, which was the final straw to help her daughter out. sarah voluntarily participates in this suicide program and decides to commit suicide in front of people. as the clip ends, everyone in the audience holds their breath and fixes their eyes on the stage, almost suffocating. sarah pulls herself up in her bikini from the bathtub. everyone exhales a sigh of relief. but unexpectedly, she turns to the camera and leaves her last words that she has already killed her husband. she then throws a powered radio into the bathtub and gets electrocuted right away. the scene of sarah's death is so shocking, some find it absurd and can't stand it. but the live show does make ahead, except for this. the program collects a donation of 300k. dollars. adam and sylvia hook up overnight after the show springs into fame. when he wakes up the next morning, he sees her angry sister, same as the twitter, centering him. sister curses him roundly. but adam is crazy about his career and remains unmoved. poor mason who upsets his boss, is fired from his cleaning job. he finds himself in a miserable hard time. meanwhile, the show's rating climbs to the top three. director is now a big fan of adam. the second episode thus begins. adam is once again the star of the show. surprisingly, this time the rules are changed. in order to win the two hundred fifty thousand dollar prize, the three participants must compete for votes by showing fancy death. smart boys with great ideas are always appreciated by bosses. sylvia, however, finds adam an idiot. the audience remain in difference to the death competition, watching coldly at the suicides in front of them. when this episode began, they were sympathetic. now they only expect something can get on their nerves. episode by episode, this suicide live show successfully hits the top one. top ratings also make adam rich and famous, like all high flyers. he buys a large new house with the money. he also writes his sister a big check to settle her debt. but the money just doesn't feel right to sister. his sister has high personality too. she rejects the check. whoops. money breaks the talk. adam is dizzy with his success. despite the show's changes, he is unaware of the risks. he reveals the conversation he had with his sister. irritated by the criticisms of adam in the audience, sister suffers a recurrence of her depression before the tv sylvia calls her right away to see if she is okay. sylvia is glad to hear she's fine and goes back to work in the show that night. the car suicide was hard to see clearly. people become bored without seeing details in the darkness. adam is then told that the rating is going down. he goes even crazy and asks the team to cheat on the show, causing the woman in the car to die earlier than schedules. some sharp height audience noticed something fishy in the car. but the car is then quickly moved out of the stage. but embarrassingly, co-workers find that the woman in the car is struggling to survive and doesn't want to die. adam must race for the rating. she must die. he forces the woman back to the seat, trapped in the toxic car. she eventually succumbs to pain and dies. video surveillance captures everything adam did. sylvia later found the record when she watched back the tape. adam killed a participant who sought to live on this record is so explosive, i may need it someday. she then copies the record onto her own computer and deletes the original file. several days later, heated discussions and sue about the episode. the fbi also visits the program to conduct an investigation. sylvia is expecting this case to change adam's mind. but her plan backfires when she sees the truth. adam turns around and asks aggressively if she has deleted the record due to her fear. and to be safe, she lies to adam, saying she has destroyed every trace of the night. as sister calls in, things get worse. her depression worsens and she starts taking pills to feel better. nevertheless, this was bumped into her colleagues at work, and she was fired. looking at his desperate sister, adam is running out of patience and asked her to suit herself. the rating of the show begins to decline as the episodes go on. the death ritual starts to bore people. the quest for a top rating causes adam to forget what he is after from the start, appreciation of life. he proposes to direct her an audition competition at the season's end. adam's change of mind surprises director, but she says yes to his proposal. by the lore of 1 million us. dollars, the program attracts thousands of people to compete to die. mason is one of them. after he got fired from his cleansing job, he has been looking for jobs here and there, but he runs into a wall every single time because he is too old. he happens to see the audition poster decides to sign up right away. meanwhile, sister wants her brother to turn from his evil ways. informing sylvia of her decision, she picks up the phone. it is sister's last attempt to make him end his involvement in the show and make others see the awful reality of it. in this night's show, as requested by sister, sylvia puts her in the waiting area, preparing to die cool as one of the contestants. the final episode is aired. on the front stage, the audience no longer pities the dead or feels sympathy. in their eyes, only the excitement of thrilling death can be seen. the first japanese man commits seppuku. adam then takes the floor and is ready to promote the atmosphere. however, when he is about to announce the next person, the name feels familiar, and he turns around to the backstage, he is horrified to see his sister, who is prepared to die in bed. sylvia then instructs the screen to play sister's short clip. at the end of the video, sister lies on a gurney. she holds a syringe to her arm and commits euthanasia. adam goes crazy about seeing her injection. obviously, the super cool, professional death of his own sister doesn't seem cool to him this time. he races to stop her, but it's too late. he arrives at her side, only to have her die in his arms. as the body is taken away. it finally dawns on him that he did something wrong. director, however, is now flying into a rage. sylvia changes the show without reporting it. director fired her on the spot. adam does not get back to the stage, but weeps and sobs outside. thus the programmer must take over sylvia's stuff and get the participants to continue to die. here comes our poor mason. after playing his clip, a man is seen, bound with bombs from head to toe. mason, of course, is afraid of dying, but he is still prepared to die as the others. his beloved family suddenly wait on his mind. he wakes up on the very brink of the abyss. he turns around and asks the audience what keeps them watching? because mason finally decides to live on. people view him as a hero tonight. however, he doesn't give a damn what kind of hero he is. you just want to hurry back home. sylvia hands over the evidence of adam's murder to the fbi. adam is then arrested, then the curtain falls in his yelling. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 