listen, I told you guys that the nun was like the Thanos of this universe, because she not only has a bunch of post-credit cameos, but she's always trying to take over everything. I was right in my opinion. the film is full of a lot of nonsense. so to me, it was still a stream. it better than Annabelle, but I don't think it hurts the franchise, which I still think is pretty interesting, like I covered in my recap video right here, especially with how everything is connected. let me explain. so the nun takes place before all the other movies, in 1952. it turns out there's this Duke who wanted to create his own Hotel California, where he was sacrificing people in order to build doors that would break on through to the other side. so when the church finds out that he's opening portals for demons, they come in, take him away, lock the gates of Hell and then build a church on top of it. but I was like building a school annex at Jared's house. obviously, like every house built above an Indian burial ground, a ghost appears. in this case it's a demon, ayvalik, who dresses up as a nun in order to haunt all the other nuns at the nunnery in order to take over their bodies to escape. but instead, they all answer Heaven's Gate and sacrifice themselves because they want to keep Valek in this place. when corporate hears about this, they decide to send their priests and olive from Popeye to go investigate what's going on. they end up checking in for a three nights stay, not realizing that all of the nuns are pulling a Bruce Willis and they're all dead. they start getting spooked. Vera Farmiga sister hasn't taken her vows yet, so that makes her the perfect candidate for VALIC to want to take over her body. while preacher man starts following yarn around like he's a cat and ends up getting buried alive. now let me say, these ghosts must have a membership at Lowe's, because that grass grew back fast. at this point, they start taking it seriously, right? Frenchy, who's been helping the mound since he was the guy who found the nun bodies, starts walking around with a cross bigger than Jim Caviezel x' preacher man pulls out his holy water squirt gun, and Irene puts on her super suit, look at like a tampon, ready to soak in evil spirits. but remember, I had said in my past video that it's no coincidence that both actresses are sisters in real life, because everything's connected. that picture in Annabelle creation that we saw, it's here in the lodging and the conjuring - there was all these easter eggs about valach with its name written out. you see the name written on a license plate in this one. so seeing that they have the oroboro sign, which pretty much means that every things gonna come full-circle, you have to consider that in this movie, the main nun is the heirloom to Romania. so Valek wanting to be in this bloodline, it just leads me to believe that he eventually goes after Lorraine because she's also a part of this lineage. it's all connected. so anyways, the whole nunnery starts looking like a lousy concert. irene takes her vows, which it's the biggest friendzone for this dude right here. and as she starts the final boss battle with Valek, girl gets hooked up with the biggest cheat code of them all, the blood of Jesus. that's why VALIC, the Defiler, the profane mother of dragons, Julio Ricardo Montoya de la Rosa Ramirez, dis I said, dunk this hole in the water, who somehow is able to swallow the vial that has the blood of Jesus while she's underwater, holding her breath, and then pops out to spit it out and give VALIC the facial of death. girl, with lungs like that, are you sure you want to be a nun? everything seems to be fine and dandy, until you remember that, you know, the conjuring 3 is in production for 2019, and they revealed that Frenchy is actually the same dude they mentioned in the first scene of the first conjuring. they pretty much show you the scene back in, just CGI him in, and they tell you that he's this guy named Maurice, explaining that the same way that Annabelle used a Marco polio girl to eventually get back into the doll, Valek got into Frenchie to pretty much use him as a host so it would eventually get to Lorraine. because they're all connected. note that we're barely halfway through all of these conjuring movies, and there's gonna be way more to come. they're all going to be connected. they all have really interesting Easter eggs. but if you're one of those people who get freaked out, just remember that the nun has one of the lamest theme songs of all time, because it sounds like a dude at the dentist. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kish know your thoughts down below in the comments section. I I'm on the road trip, so if you guys had heard pretty much, I wasn't able to do this until a bit later. I had seen it when it came out. I saw it at a Jersey theater, which, bra, I don't know if that explains all of the Jersey theatres over in New Jersey, New Jersey pumps gas for you, but they're Adobe theaters like falling apart. I it was one of the worst theatres I've ever been to in my life. and y'all gave me some tickets over there, so that money needs to go straight to that. but I'm curious to know your thoughts on this one. like I said, a bunch of other videos that are going to be coming out, hashtag the ten, coming soon as well. but let me know your thoughts about this one. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you the blood of Jesus for three easy payments of 316 