this man has a hobby that is going to all kinds of prisons. because in his eyes, the prison is like home, sweet home. if he wanted to come in, he can go in. if he wanted to leave, nobody could stop him. jay gently walked out of the prison. he calmed down, called to inform the result and was arrested again. prison breaking was his job. this is the 15th prison he has successfully escaped. he is entitled the master of prison breaking. so he became famous and start a business with his friend clark. jay escapes from prisons, and clark handles the rest. one day, a female agent named miller came to make an offer. dang, she is hot. she said it was a private prison specialized in keeping the most difficult to manage prisoners. if jay does not escape, it is proven that this prison is safe by then many people will come to invest. to ensure this test, they could not tell clark and jay the location of the prison in advance. they had to rely on their own. this offer is quite dangerous. but when the wonderful friend clark heard that they would receive double as usual, he instantly agreed. jay faked his identity to ensure his safety. they installed a tracking device on jay's biceps and negotiated a withdrawal method in advance. jay went to the pickup location, but it seems like the transportation method is not the same as before. jay was taste stripped out the positioning device and was injected anesthetic into his body. then he woke up in the prison. the prison manager is checking jay's identity. jay felt that the situation was not right, so he wanted to leave and said the exit code, but it was ineffective. moreover, he is locked in a room with transparent glass and a giant surveillance camera that can monitor them at any time. to escape from this place is even harder than going to see jesus their jay met rot. rot was hit right away and even said that from now on he would take care of jay. seeing riot was so buffed, jay said that he wanted to be detained. so the two cooperated and were then locked in isolated cells. jay wanted to find a way out of there. an experienced person like him indeed found it outside. jay told rot that he could help him escape, but rod had to help find a piece of metal. so rot talked to a prison guard and said that he wanted to be beaten. seeing that the guard did nothing, rot then impolitely asked questions of the guard's mother. then he was forced to lie down on the ground and beaten up. rot took the opportunity to pry up the plumbing cap. after he got the cap, they beat the other prisoners to make some trouble and were returned to the isolated cells as a result. then jay used the metal piece to heat the screws. according to the principle of hot and cold expansion, the screw burst out. by this time, an actor like rot started to attract the guard's attention. jay chewed a bread stuck it on the camera. the black scene on the camera was thought to be due to equipment malfunction, so the guard did not pay attention. jay quickly pricked the metal lid up and climbed down in the middle of the road. jay broke a water pipe, but without thinking much. his life was the most important. then jake crawled up a path. the view in front of him amazed him. they were on a cargo ship in the middle of the ocean, without any sight of land. a person with such escape experience, like jay, also started to feel hopeless. he went back the guards have to release them to the water leak. after the manager saw the screw that came off, he started so jay was a lawyer and put a criminal in jail. but unexpectedly, the criminal escaped and killed all of his family. so jay feels that it's not enough just to put them in jail, but have to make sure they also don't get out. that is the reason why jay just wanted to do this job. well, after the two of them confided in each other, their minds flashed a flame of hope and started a new escaped plan. since they don't know where their location is, so they need a pair of glasses to use the magic of cinema to form a positioning device. their eyes both look at an unlucky guy. and when they're done, they felt that they need to find one more person to join. they were attracted to a shiny thing. could you guess what it was? just take a look at this guy's head. it could definitely be helpful in darker places. so they found him and told him their plan. javed agreed, the homemade locator is completely unusable in the prison. so javed went to the manager and said that if he allowed him to see the moon at night, he would tell the manager who wanted to escape. the manager did not understand why he had to see the moon. javed said that the night was a full moon and wanted to see if he could turn into a werewolf. the manager agreed to javed's request, and he successfully measured the latitude based on a variety of factors such as climate, magic, etc. it turned out that this was the sea of morocco. but just knowing the location is not enough. they have to find someone to pick them up from outside. rot said that he would take care of it. he could even find a helicopter. jay was a bit skeptical, is it trustworthy? roth said, of course. if it really doesn't, then rot would kneel and ask for it. the plan must be in harmony, both inside and out. in order to settle it properly, there must be one more person to help from inside. so jay hurt himself and to find the doctor. jay asked if the doctor was looking at a book related to prison. the book is written by jay, in which a page is about a request to the prison doctor, which is to make them swear that they will cure the patient. this prison is the one that kills dr carrier looked at the book he had read, remembered the vow and decided to save them. the doctor said the pickup address to roth's friend. then it's all done. jay lay on his stomach under the camera and tapped on the glass to send some signs. an intelligent person like the manager saw what he was up to. immediately, the prison guard opened a book of magical secrets and began to investigate. when they learned that they were about to flee from zone c, more than half of the guards were sent through. immediately after that, jay and rot started to fight other prisoners up and down. suddenly i felt a little compassion for these people getting beaten every day without knowing what was the reason. the three of them extremely enjoyed the escaped process. when removing the surveillance camera, they also deliberately teased the prison guard. the prisoner was fatally beaten by them. but javed was hit by a bullet. although he did not get hit in a dangerous place. since he was not the main character, he did not last long. so the director let javed stay and buy some time to help the other two. they are coming. leave it to me. jay went into the cabin and opened the compartment so that rot got out and got on the helicopter. he picked up the machine gun, just like the terminator all over again. jay also escaped from the ship's water pipes. rot dropped the stairs for jay to climb. at this time, the manager chased after them. thought that he would stop them or die trying. jay and rod were like being in contra. boom. they blew up the oil tank and fulfilled the wishes of the manager. they were brought to shore and saw miller again. it turns out that she was rott's daughter, because rod was unfairly taken. so she went to jay. jay felt extremely angry, so he invented his anger on clarks. if it wasn't for clark, then jay wouldn't have turned out like that. so he got his revenge. sent his juniors to drug clark, then put him in the cargo ship's container without any water and food. this movie tells us that learning and being good at physics and chemistry could savor us in some dramatic, action movie situation. that's pretty much it. thanks for watching. see you again. 