all right. so I had said that Scientology just, it has to be real. just not for the amount of times Tom Cruise has and died from these stunts. like this man is - Xenu what Moses was to the Lord. this is a guy who's pushing 50 and is still doing all of his stunts. probably had Superman on set going like, brought do you even bleed? so I had made a video breaking down all the movies leading up to mi6, which you can catch right here, because that was extremely high for it. and wanted to make sure everyone was caught up on them. I'll be honest, even if you don't catch that video, even if you turn this one up, I heed you to go to Best Buy, rabo, Red Box. I don't care what you do. catch every movie in this franchise because they're insane. and I love number six more than Drake lives in the city. then I saw it three times in theaters, and can officially confirm Tom Cruise has lost his damn mind. let me explain. now, for starters, I get the backlash of him doing his own stunts, right? there's people out there like my deal Danny Trejo, who's against taking away jobs from stunt men and women, and I respect that, but my deal. so don't have a franchise like this one. let me sing. this dude literally hang off of a plane, do the grapevine outside of a tower, have the audacity to jump on Oprah's chair. but i'ma just focus on the stunts and fall out, cuz this man has literally become the LeBron James of movies, where he coaches himself there. watch this. watch this. you come up. ya know, I look at Henry Danner, he looks at me, he goes back and he gets his gun, then he points the gun at me. we'll get all that in one pass. like, you know, Cruz is crazy because he didn't grow up playing leapfrog man was the Frog. there's a sequence in this movie that takes place in France where this dude is driving out to oncoming traffic. most movies just put actors on a prop whenever they're driving. this man actually learn how to fly a helicopter after really climbing a helicopter. now, look, I'm gonna keep it real with you, right? these movies don't always make complete sense. and I don't mean like, oh, you're just supposed to go with it. their movies is fit. I'm talking about, like the director himself has admitted to leaving a couple plot holes in there cuz, you know, they just had to get the twist to work. but I still love the direction in the stunt work in these movies. I don't mean to sound too pretentious, which in almost are covering a blockbuster, so it should even out. but you can feel the missus scene when you actually film it on location up in the sky. I know everyone digs the bathroom scene where Henry reloads his arms, but this scene, this scene right here where he actually jumps from a plane, this scene where the cameraman, Craig O'Brien, is wearing the camera on his head, this scene, which they filmed over 100 times during Twilight, just to get it right for our entertainment. [Applause]. but to solidify how this man is a real deal, and how I appreciate how insane he is. you gotta check out this shot right here. there's a bunch of great montages of Tom Cruise just running, which I have playing repeat in my cartoon house. but the one in fallout has him running full speed, jumping over to another building and then cracking his ankle like legit. this man busted his foot and still walk past camera to complete the shot. and five months later, this dude was sprinting full speed for this shot right here. well, Henry took out like five life insurance is just a step in a rock. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. shout out also Hardy, for the cinematography. this is a dude who was doing, like, some of the craziest stuff out there. he also did anihilation, and he did ex machina, which, you know, I'll give that as the excuse for why a lot of the shots were grainy in this movie. but you know what? if a movie, if they're shot is out of focus because you're up in the sky, bro, I don't even mind that. shout out to everyone who worked in this movie. shout out some aquarii. shout out to the insurance company that had sweater your palms on when your mama makes spaghetti. shoutout to everyone who went to go support independent cinema with this movie, even if movie fans forgot to play the light bill. I'm Kirsten any thoughts down below. I just want to make this video because I saw it three times in theaters, and I completely adore the movie. it's not a perfect movie, but man, I loved it. I thought I had a lot of fun with it. and I implore you guys to see it. if you haven't seen it in IMAX, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a CGI'd mustache 