[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna start a series that rolled out as a slow burner over decades with Don Coscarelli a 1979 film, phantasm. let's get to it. we opened on a couple getting down to business in the cemetery. he's staying close to Grandma. things seem to be going well, despite an apparent lack of effort on Tommy's part. she pulls an oopsie doops II. however, with the old reverse penetration trick, he then checks out of the universe before it's revealed that he had been vigorously plunging himself into angus scrimm. we cut to Tommy's brother, Jodie, and his friend Reggie, the local ice cream peddler, at the funeral home for Tommy's memorial service. Jodie goes in to handle some of the formalities, and hears some strange noises. but better to put these things out of one's mind, being surrounded by the dead and all. little brother Michael shows up to discreetly dirtbike his way through the gravestones because no one ever taught him any respect. he hears similar noises and actually catches a glimpse of some mysterious shadowy figures. he does his best to observe the proceedings and feel a connection to his now dead older brother. having been excluded due to his age, he sticks around until after the service is over, and observes some unusual behavior exhibited by this tall man. when a friend arrives to offer condolences, we hear their parents died within the last couple of years. now, Jody's eager to bail, leaving Mike with an aunt and some crippling separation anxiety. reg and Jones later have an afternoon jam sesh, sing about what they're doing, Vicent and introducing the tuning fork. Jodie later goes to drown his sorrows, followed, as always, by Michael. he doesn't think twice about the ease with which he pulls in this familiar blonde seductress. and cocksure as he is, they find a familiar local spot for lovers and begin their intimate dance. while Michael quietly allows his brothers sex noises to wash over him. he's then startled by beastly noises of a less familiar variety coming from the underbrush, and takes off running through the scene, Jodie runs after him. when he catches up, Michael breathlessly tells him about the experience, but Jody's incredulous and also horny as a muskox. he sends him on his way so he can get back to his boneyard boning, but finds that a cold stone slab isn't the best place to leave your lady. Michael continues to be haunted by the tall man, both in his sleep and in town. the next day when he observes him take a disturbingly long whiff of Reggie's ponytail. that evening, Michael hears the disturbance while wrenching on the car. it ends up falling on him, and he freaks out, smashing Jody's Tootsie's and eliciting a perfectly believable response. despite his continued insistence, Jody remains unconvinced. Michael decides to get to the bottom of things himself, breaking into the basement window at the funeral home. he manages to avoid detection and wander the halls, but is pursued by a floating orb. he has a close call with the groundskeeper, but is able to duck out just in time to avoid the orb, which finds purchase in the grounds keepers face drilling in and sucking him dry. he has a brief standoff at the tall man before being chased into a close call situation and snagging himself some evidence of his otherworldly adventures. he shows this to Jody, who is finally convinced, despite the fact that this gag could be acquired at any Spencer's gifts. after some discussion, Jody wants to present the evidence to local authorities, but when Michael goes to retrieve it, it's turned into the mother of all horse flies and absolutely refuses to shoot. they temporarily subdue it and try to play it cool. and Reggie shows up. Reggie continuously tries to push an unnecessary conversation about slang and cream. but as soon inadvertently brought into the loop, Jody decides to do some investigating of his own, but doesn't get far before being descended upon by a gang of dark world Ewoks. he escapes by barely managing to avoid shooting himself in the head. he's picked up by Michael, and they are pursued by a hearse they managed to run it off the road and find that dwarf driving it is actually the sawed off corpse of their brother Tommy. this gives them quite a bit to ponder, so they put it on nice and rich his truck and attempted regroup before going any further. they send Mike off to stay safe at the local antique shop. but again, he proves incapable of following instructions. he finds an old photo of the tall man from the Daily Prophet and insists on being driven back. on the way, they find Reggie's empty truck, and then are attacked themselves. in the scuffle, Mike has dumped out the back. as the ladies drive on. he stumbles home and has his face aggressively examined by Jody Dunn. Taking Chances, Jody locks him in his room to go pursue this dangerous journey on his own. as we've learned, Michael lets nothing get in his way, and he doesn't have many age-appropriate toys, so he quickly becomes the architect of his own escape. unfortunately, he runs out the back door directly into the hands of the tall man, who then loads him into the hearse like a stray kitty cat. but on the way, Mike manages to shoot his way out. now all at the funeral home, Jodie and Mike meet up and are shortly joined by Reggie, who confirmed he was able to save the girls from captivity. they then enter the final room together and find it spotlessly clean and full of canisters. and the cancers are full of dwarves, and there are two vibrating pillars. Michael discovers this to be a doorway when he accidentally falls through. after being pulled out, he reports the dwarves or reanimated corpses being used as slaves, crushed down by the excessive gravity, made ornery by the excessive heat. just then the lights go out. we hear them stumble around. when the lights come back on, Reggie is alone in the room, and thinking of the tuning fork, he interrupts the resonant frequency of the doorway, which sets off a catastrophic failure. as he runs out to find the others, he is gutted by Jody's part-time lover. right before the house implodes, Jody comes up the last-ditch plan to lure the tall man to an abandoned mine where they'll attempt to dunk his ass straight to help they split up to prepare and get supplies. this works favorably, as the tall man shows up at the house to chase Michel, who leads him into the pit. and the plan worked. huzzah. Zala rounds, or did it? Michael wakes up to his still living Reggie, who talks about the stress he's been under since Jody died in a car wreck the prior week, tempering our celebratory mood. hmm. his odds temporarily retracted. however, when he returns to his room, the movie ends with another attack by the tall man. you may be asking yourself, how does this all work out? I suppose we'll have to wait in trust and Don's vision as the story unfolds of the four more films. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the shield by subscribing. thanks for watching. 