welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about possession. mark is a spy who returns home to west berlin from a mysterious espionage mission to find that his wife, anna, wants the divorce. she won't say why, but insists it's not because she found someone else. mark reluctantly turns the apartment in custody of their young son, bob, over to her. after recovering from a destructive drinking spree, he visits the apartment to find bob alone, unkempt and neglected. when anna returns, he stays with bob, refusing to leave her alone with the child, but attempts to make amends. anna leaves in the middle of the night. mark receives a phone call from anna's lover, heinrich, telling him that anna is with him. the next day, mark meets bob's teacher, helen. she inexplicably looks identical to anna, but with green eyes. mark visits and fights heinrich, then beats anna at home, after which she flees. the next morning, they have another argument, during which they both cut themselves with an electric knife. a private investigator hired by mark follows anna and discovers she's been keeping a second flat in a derelict apartment building. when he discovers a bizarre, tentacled creature in the bathroom, anna kills him with a broken bottle. zimmerman, the lover of the now dead detective, goes to the flat himself, where he finds the creature and his lover's body. anna beats zimmerman in a rage before stealing his gun and shooting him to death. meanwhile, helen arrives at mark's apartment to speak to him about his son's strange behavior in school. she stays the evening to help take care of bob, before her and mark get into bed together naked. when bob awakens from a violent nightmare during the night, helen leaves. anna continues her erratic behavior, and, upon arriving to the apartment one day, recounts to mark a violent miscarriage she suffered in the subway while he was gone. she claims it resulted in a nervous breakdown. during the miscarriage, she oozed blood and fluids from her orifices. heinrich visits anna and discovers the creature as well as a collection of dismembered body parts in her refrigerator. she attacks him, and heinrich flees bleeding. heinrich calls mark and begs him to pick him up. mark stops by anna's apartment first and discovers the body parts. the creature, however, is gone. mark goes to the bar where he knocks heinrich out with a cistern lid and drowns him in a toilet, staging it as an accidental death. he then lights anna's apartment on fire before fleeing on heinrich's motorcycle. at home, he finds anna's friend, margie, bleeding heavily in the elevator. he drags her into his apartment and leaves her to die in the bathroom. anna greets him and the two have sex in the kitchen before she leaves again. afterward, he makes plans to cover up margie's death, and heights or corpse in the trunk of his car. that evening, mark receives a phone call from heinrich's mother asking for details about her son. he promises to visit her after he finds anna. before his search, mark drops bob off at helen's apartment. mark's search leads him to margie's house, where he discovers anna having sex with the creature, which is beginning to take a human form. mark quickly leaves and goes to meet with heinrich's mother. after the two speak for a short while, and his mother confirms that heinrich is dead. she commits suicide by poisoning herself. the next day, as mark wanders the street, he meets up with his former business associates. he is evasive and returns to margie's house to find it surrounded by police and his former employers. he stages a distraction by crashing a taxi into the cars parked outside the house, allowing someone, possibly anna, to sneak away in his car. mark is shot and wounded by police as he flees. as he drives away on a motorcycle, mark crashes and injures himself further, before racing into a building where he is pursued by anna, the police and his business associates. anna reveals the creature, now fully formed as mark's doppelganger, but with green eyes. mark raises his gun to shoot it, but he and anna are gunned down by a hail of bullets from the police below, bloodied and dying. analyze a top mark and uses his gun to shoot herself. she dies in his arms, and he jumps to his death from the stairwell. the doppelganger flees through the roof. later, helen is at the flat babysitting bob when the doorbell rings. bob implores her not to open the door, but helen ignores him and approaches the door. bob races through the apartment into the bathroom, where he jumps into the filled bathtub and floats face down in the water. helen stands at the front door of the apartment. from outside, the sound of sirens, planes and explosions fill the air. the silhouette of mark's doppelganger is seen behind the frosted glass door. helen stares onwards, and her green eyes begin to illuminate. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 