before we begin, let me start by saying think the great Jedi of the sky will finally identities. horrible movies. I mean, you only really go try. maybe we do. seven, eight, nine, right? right? the stars about moving today. ah, I'm so tired of trying to find new ways to introduce these ding-dongs. play I'll star begins with the most intellectually superior way to introduce a plot, mother in scrolling backstory text. but our story really begins with, you know what? plot. our story begins immediately with pupae using dambo moons. but our story really, really begins with Obi and Anna sliding onto the ship of one General Grievous to save Chancellor Palpatine / Darth Sidious from nothing, because he basically just kidnapped his damn self. and cannot just take a damn minute here to ask, what the because of General Grievous? what? well, sergeant severe, a major misery. unavailable for this mission because they were busy having tea and crumpets with captain critically. but to answer my own question, General Grievous is some rare alien who can't use the false who almost died or something. so they turned him into a mostly robot geez that's original, with forearms. and he uses life savers to kill Jedi to collect that lightsabers that he will presumably use to kill more jedi, feeding his endless cycle of lightsaber collecting. but he can't enjoy his damn hobby because they have really bad animal but what i want to know is, if they only kill Jedi with lightsabers that he gets from Jedi word he used to kill the first Jedi they need to kill to get the first lightsaber they could then use to kill Jedi. round around with King, go in a way, over then, if I'm Chancellor Sidious. but Count Dracula is waiting for them, so they have a little stare down. whoa look, if it was that they look into him like you just [ __ ] waving at this point. okay, pause. this right here bugs me because anyone who has played Star Wars Jedi Academy knows that, oh, you have to do to get out of a false Joker's use either false push or pull. but lets over do that. no, he just gets flung across the room like a little Padawan. over you suck in multiplayer. not like me when I play as bill addy now ain't it gotta beat Dukie all by himself, and city itself finish him. and Paul Saruman just sit there like, after all we've been through, you traded me up for younger muffin. yes, in that home free. well, nevermind. hey, double G by double G. see you later. GG, crash-landing, because action movies and measured accomplished. and then it runs into his old lady, who says, Annie, I've got to love false muffins in the oven. and any just sit there like I need to measure our keep him away from Obi. Oh Lord. there goes any with his fortune-telling dreams. I guess it never occurred to him that sometimes we should bother in you you can have nightmares that aren't necessarily prophetic. then poo 14 tells any he wants him to be his representative on the Jedi Council, but Anna gets upset when they don't make him a Jedi Master. he should be glad. will you play Jedi Academy on Jedi Master difficulty? that damn game gets so hot stormtroopers won't even miss anymore. so Abby says, look, we just don't want to make you a master because we're worried Palpatine is up to something. and if you don't feel slighted by the jaw, then you're not gonna start to resent us. and then you'll never become Darth Vader. and then the first three Star Wars movies will never exist. and then, in turn, these last three movies will never exist, because these are prequels. and then the entire Star Wars timeline will be offered up, and no Star Wars movie will ever exist in this plane of reality. and then the guy narrating this video would finally have peace of mind that he doesn't exist on the same plane of reality as Star Wars. god forbid. ah, nothing like a night out at the theater with the lord of darkness where he tells you the Jedi are bad and that the power of evil is so strong you can keep people from dying. I always do love me a good fish people ballet. meanwhile, Yoda makes a trip to whoopee world, where he apparently knew Chewbacca before. Han on the damn down. where's the worst-hit a haircut. nostalgia. I swear could and it get any more thick. the Jedi suck. so you're a bad guy. I understand a dark side. oh, you're not so bad. I can save your wife from certain death. how? because I'm a self it so yours are. Sith Lord. that's what I've been trying to hang out for years. you broke in mid exploring condom. and while that's going on, over hums down Admiral asthmatic and shoots that lightsaber stealing. say this right here, Weezer titties stacks, I think Palpatine is a Sith Lord. are you sure? well, he was hard to figure out, but I'm fairly certain. whew. thanks. go. woof something. presumably, you know that man slice a was that bad mother darling it? but then auntie shows up and acts a fool because he can't accept it. even if his woman dies, there are still more black swans in the pond, and they kill Stax. this mask up front, up in California Raisins, and a soon-to-be apprentice mask up for the King California Raisins, and doth hideous says, henceforth you shall be known as Darth Vader. and integers look at him like, you just make that name up on the flock of this terrible what was da ventilator taken. so turns out all the clones were working for Sidious from the stop. yeah, I know that the clones all had some control chips in their brains and made them kill any Jedi that they were told to, but that doesn't change the fact that the Jedi are dropping faster than pants out our brothel. hey, Yoda cuts off two of them clones heads and just sit there like you don't think I pulled that betrayal on me them just dear Ivanova gets attacked, but luckily he had his might get betrayed by the clone troopers and need to go for a long covert swim survival kit. learn that one from cry god. so yoda an ovum, eat up and find out that sweet little off and anna has become Darth douchebag. Yoda loses a fight to Lourdes Sagittarius, and over goes to what that sensei and if any, and ends up having to watch his favorite muffin get burnt all to hell. I loved you like a muffin, muffin, but Sidious saves any sense I still love you. Chris Benoit, Phil so Padme has her brats and loses the will to live, because she ain't about being married to evil barbeque. and while that happens, and it gets his iconic wardrobe and starts Frankenstein's monster from oh and he's told that he killed Padme, which it cannot be. it. so, you don't know. we're going to hiding. and they divide up the babies so they can be hidden. but I gotta say, I'd be pissed if I was Luke. his sister gets to be royalty, and all he gets is blue milk on the beats planet. I forgot to have water. what is this? the princess in the moisture? farmer, well, that's the [ __ ] end. be sure to like, share, subscribe for your regular folks of meth you expect me to upload more videos when I live in a plane of existence where Disney never got their hands on this franchise? and get up even more for movies explained for I'm Jeb. oh, damn. well, give me a Roman song time into two corn dog sticks and call me. hey, Supes. compared to the force awakens, that was a damn good movie. 