listen, if you solve season one of you more than once. I don't know why you did that, but I'm pretty sure that if you love that season, you're going to love this movie. for others, they may see this as the visual manifestation of chlamydia. but here's the thing, I'm used to there being a new fatal attraction every year. you know, they may change up who's the one being obsessed. they can swap races, genders, they completely just drop logic also. but these movies are literally meant for you to get riled up. they're orchestrated for you to yell at the screen with all the goofiness. yeah, you're right, you're arguing. and once you do that, that means you care. yeah, do you not? I mean, once you talk to the theater screen, or talk to your friend, as in the movie, I'm telling you, the director is completely right, because I had a lot to say to the screen. let me explain. so the movie starts off with Scott and Annie searching for a new house. he's in advertisement, she writes articles. and they decided to check out Dennis Quaid's house, who the ringer theorized might be Dennis playing the same dad from The Parent Trap. for some reason, the ringer a real article. are y'all making fun of explain videos on YouTube? problem here is that, believe it or not, Dennis Quaid might actually be crazy and still obsessed with the house. and the problem with that is that when you realize that this is the house this couple is buying to start a family in, then things are serious. like this isn't a lease. this isn't some week-long air B&amp;B they get away cottage. not this is supposed to be the big one where they're living the rest of their years in. and then Dennis Quaid shows up the day after tomorrow like he still owns it. now, Scott realizes right away that something's up with Charlie. like, he doesn't just have nice eyes. dude uses his peripherals to know what's going on. and he realizes that, yo, if someone looks like Dennis Quaid or Mel Gibson, ya, gotta install extra security. thing is this Stu installed big security lights without any cameras. and maybe he did, but this dude had him facing the sky, cuz Charlie still outside prancing around the lawn in the middle of the night. when Scott confronts Charlie about it, Charlie, just pay some whippersnappers to come scope out the place so he doesn't look as guilty. meanwhile, he's chilling just dark knighting it like you're making a lot of money. invest in a nest. Scott then goes for a jog, and I I kid you not, he gets run off the road by Charlie. and I do want to give a quick shout-out to dead to me, which not only has a similar premise that's going on here, but it is the best show on Netflix right now, one that Scott should have watched to learn some things. he ends up in the hospital, and for whatever reason, his own wife's like, yeah, i'ma go sleep back home at the serta. and surprise, Dennis ain't no rookie. he's waiting outside with a bottle of wine, exclaiming, this place can be yours, mine and ours. and she lets them in. um, I'm gonna get to Annie in a second. Scott, who's alone in the hospital during visiting hours, Texas friend marshaled the Gronk Mathers to go check on Annie, and Charlie just straight up kills him. with an axe. I don't know when the Paul Bunyan was going on here, but that's when we finally get the reveal that Dennis is, in fact, [Music] a lunatic. he's crazy. obviously. his wife didn't die of cancer like he claimed she did. she actually committed suicide, according to the police report. but and it turns out he staged that suicide because she wanted to divorce him. and instead of listening to Anthony Jeselnik, he shot her and staged the whole thing. to murder your spouse, as long as you just kill yourself immediately afterwards, then there's nothing they can do. it's even steven, you're above the law. Charlie's daughter, obviously, due to dips and tell Scott that she changed her name after moving away so that her dad couldn't find her. and it turns out that the only reason he was selling the house was because he had gotten in so much debt with his company that he had no choice. but because he's so attached to the house, he decides, you know what? yeah, i'ma just take it back, take this man's wife and, uh, yeah, my have all the right stuff. so dumb you are. really gone. oh yeah. I don't know how this lady couldn't see that something was up with Quaid, considering the the man acts like a broken muffler. like time after time this guy pops up like a jump-scare, and he's just like, oh, Charlie, come on in. Charlie is twitching like he's working with a jackhammer. this dude's sweating indoors, and and he's just like, you want a lemonade? for those who don't remember what her part was in Shazam, I started questioning whether it was just same character, because she mentally was making those same decisions. because an Annie Antoinette, this man was sniffing you like he was radiating pheromones. it turns out this guy has an entire room below the house. they knew nothing about. this room even had stairs that led up to the creaking closet that they never bothered to check. and thus gave me the best vantage for you like, if I'm moving into a house as this big I'm checking every nook and cranny and hiring someone to do feng shui. but listen, guys, Gauss otherwise, when I say there is a scene where this man spies on Annie taking a shower. and instead of just being a peeping tom like he is in this shop, fully clothed, kid, you not, he decides to also take off his shirt and be butt-naked in watching it. like, I remember being back in Wisconsin Dells. now, how many people gone through this? but sometimes you see a man come in and use the urinal by by getting butt naked, just takes everything off. when I saw that, I felt violated. imagine this man being right outside her bathroom. this is the goofiest yet most psychotic performance I've ever seen. I'm not even mad, to be honest. I want to know what the hell he was reading to get into this headspace. like, what side of YouTube was Dennis on that he was there just trying to imitate that craziness? then again, maybe it was just Dennis. he just read the script. he's like, I I understand this completely. there's a shot where he imitates Jack Torrance. he he growls at one point, like, I don't know how many remember the growl from Beauty and the Beast. how would you feel about growing a beard? he he did that. obviously, the budget runs out by the end, and the credits rolled before the police even get to the scene, but it's implied that Charlie has been shot dead, and Annie and Scott get to live happily ever after in their house. we're now two people have been shot and killed. thinking I've figured out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. did you like this movie? did you not? which of this genre that keeps on growing as your favorite? I'm curious to know who what you thought the most insane part of this movie was. like, I almost kind of recommend this movie as a run today. I think I said I had it as a stream. it's a stream it, but it's almost worth the rent it if you got like some drinks and you're watching it with your crew, because there is a point by the end of this movie, I kid you not, Dennis Quaid licks her like seeing that on the screen is one thing, but imagining being on set where Dennis Quaid has to like you is insane. I would never be an actor. you know what? I love just watching movies for a living. you know what? forgive my dream of being a director. I don't even act. that did some crazy stuff out there. let me know your thoughts down below. on this movie, on any other ones you want me to cover, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and Charlie won't lick your cheeks. 