hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today, I'm gonna show you a horror film, The Body Snatcher. Marc works for the Environment Protection Department. some day, while packing up with his whole family, he drives to local military base for a long-term investigation mission. when they drops by a gas station, the daughter Mary is intercepted in the restroom by a black soldier who's in a panic and urges her to leave this area for safe quickly, otherwise she'll be taken away during her sleep. with Mary's scary call for help, people hurry there for a check, but find nobody inside. later, the Marc family settles down in the military base. the second day, when Marc goes out to collect some water samples, where he's told in details that many soldiers are scared to fall asleep at night and afraid of their families. the base presumes that this might result from the biochemical effect, which is denied by biochemical specialists Marc. someday, soldiers carry some boxes into Marc's house, which arises Mary's curiosity. while at the kindergarten of base, students present their drawings to the teacher. all of them are depicting something very weird and mysterious, except for the one drawn by Mike's son, who feels nervous by his difference from others. later that night, Mary is brought to a local bar by her new friend Jenny, where Mary gets to know and chat with Tim, who's a soldier at the base. right then she happens to see the black soldier in the gas station. Mary once for a whi from the soldier, but to her surprise, the soldier seems not recognize her at all. Mary grows closer to Tim. they focus only on their romantic kiss beside the riverbank. well, not far from them, the soldiers are busy with collecting some giant eggs up from the river. the son at home gets freaked out by finding that his mother withers and dies away on bed. in a few minutes, instead, a blank new mom comes out from the corner. he rushes down the stairs, screaming for his father, who deems just a nightmare made by his son. but the son later insists on telling the same to Mary, who also doesn't want to take it seriously. the next day, in the lab, an accident happens to a worker, but mark feels so shocked by that, the worker injured doesn't give it any response. what more, mark is not even allowed by the soldier to call emergency. so mark later takes secretly the damaged exposure suit for check, but only finds that what's attached is not human blood. under a talk with Jenny, Mary gets to know Jenny's mother. also behaviors a little strange recently, in that she's actual an alcoholic, but she only drinks water right now. later that night, Mary falls asleep at her bath time. she never expects that the eggs, placed originally in the box by the soldiers, try to reach the sleeping mary with its long cirrus which is used to absorb mary body and reproduce a man-like body. as the man-like body grows heavier, crashes the floor ceiling down and frightens Mary up. Mary rushes out to look for her father, who's also under deep sleep, and gets wound up on the face. because of the interruption, the body lying under the bed fails to mature itself to be a human. mark soon escapes out of the house immediately with his family, while his alien wife comes behind screaming out. right at that time, all of the alien body swarms up, chasing after the mark family under the cover of some normal people. they finally make it out to a warehouse. right there, mark decides to search out alone for some vehicles for their escape. meanwhile, being alerted by the gunshot in the community, Tim want to go out with his fellow soldiers for a check, but only finds that they're looking dull on the face despite of their force. Tim manages his way out of the house. mark sneaks into the majors office for car key, but the majors almost out of control of himself, and tells Marx that the base has been taken over by the aliens long ago. but the major tries to remain calm and hide mark up before the alien general walks in, who want to push the major to accept the change into an alien. however, the major refuses and chooses to end his life by himself. back to the warehouse with car key, mark takes his family out, attempting to head for a local hospital. but sooner, Mary finds they're at the wrong direction. what's more, of her father looks weird and starts to speak different. she pulls up the handbrake suddenly to stop the and want to take her brother away, but it stopped by the father. luckily, Tim shows up and warned the father to back off. the alien, Marc tries to mislead Tim before he's finally shot death, with its body melting into water. Tim takes Mary and her brother to the parking lot of helicopter, trying to make sure it's safe. Tim goes for a check and gets surrounded by the aliens. nevertheless, temper tends to be one of them and gets a round of the aliens to the helicopter successfully. while Mary and her brother are taken up by the alien soldiers. Tim gets no choice but to follow them up to the base hospital, where he sees exactly alien eggs are sucking up human bodies for their mass reproduction. he locates Mary, who's being copied, takes her out and plans to save her brother later. but at that right moment, they encounter the alien Jenny, who won a test Mary by telling her brother's location. Mary fails to pass the test and gets attacked by the aliens surrounding up. they strives to get into the helicopter with her little brother for escape. however, the little boy goes on rampage at Tim on the helicopter. Mary realizes this is not her brother anymore. she soon can finds him and throws him out in order to save more people. Tim turns back to the places which is holding the giant alien eggs. he bombs them up with missiles. after all done, they fly to another military base where they has to keep on guard against everybody, because they now can trust nobody but themselves. this is Daniel CC. movie review. bye. 