a sex-fueled, idiot-proofed cross-country adventure with some memories that are a little too graphic for instagram. hey guys, welcome back to flix recap. i'm luke pelletier, and today we're covering the 2004 comedy eurotrip. before we start, be sure to slap the like button, drop a comment, and, of course, subscribe to flix recap if you dig the commentary. and as a disclaimer, this video contains my own personal analysis and commentary. it's not a substitute to watching the film itself. links to purchase the film are in the description below. let's get it. ah, yes, high school graduation a momentous event worthy of recording. and as the movie opens, the hudson high class of 2004 are definitely celebrating. the students parents have gathered around to congratulate them. and of course, scott's family is filming as his high school sweetheart, fiona, is breaking up with him. this priceless moment proves to be a real keeper of a home movie, huh? later at scott's house, his friend cooper jokes that scott's pen pal from germany, who he thinks is a guy, is just a creeper. from the internet and convinces scott to attend a house party where we meet the twins, jamie and jenny. the pair are planning a trip to paris and are trying to convince scott to go with them. jamie even has his precious guidebook already. but then scotty sees his ex, fiona is at the party too, when she joins the singer of the band on stage. and we find out the singer is her new boyfriend, and the guy she was cheating on scotty with. the two then starts singing a song about cheating on scott with fiona, the widely popular scottie doesn't know. but instead of taking a few benzos and a big swish of the closest bottle, like i'm sure most of us would, scotty takes it off the chin like an absolute champ, while his ex is screaming into the microphone about scotty not knowing about the affair. and here i thought scotty was a quality misunderstood gentleman, until he misses the toilet and all over his brother's robe. he then sits down in a drunken stupor and sends an angry email to his german pen pal, convinced that they really are an internet creep. when he wakes up a drooling mess, his brother informs him that he didn't translate the pen pals message properly. and scotty is dismayed because he realizes that his pen pal is actually a and not a guy. but it's too late for scotty to set it straight, because the german pen pal blocks scotty. so he and cooper decide to go to germany to find her. but once they get to the airport, they find that london is the first cheap flight available. so that's where they go, on a once in a lifetime opportunity to have mysterious, i'm not sure what the word for is in german, but you get the picture. after landing in london, their first stop is the feisty goat, a members only club for men with too much testosterone and an unhealthy obsession with manchester united. it's definitely the wrong place for our uncalloused ohio boys. every person in the pub turns on scotty and cooper, but somehow scotty saves their hides by badly singing sheena easton's 9-5 song and just adding something at the end about manchester united. for some reason, the entire pub goes crazy. the next thing they know, they're waking up on a double-decker bus full of boisterous british blokes. and to scotty's misfortune, the bus is headed to paris, but they're lucky to even make it there, where they meet up with the twins and proceed to check out the usual tourist sites. then while in a massive line waiting to get into the louvre, scotty manages to get in a fight with a busker dressed as a robot. then over dinner, the four decide to travel around europe and go to berlin together, with the final goal of helping scotty meet his but while on a train, an overly friendly man joins them in their car, and he can't keep his hands off jamie, so they kick him out of their train car when they discover him without his but then they lose their pants too when they visit a new beach along the english channel, only to find out that it's a huge sausage party. i'm talking more sausages than a butcher shop, and all the ladies are showing on a different beach under the monument that jaime had wanted to see. when jenny walks up to the beach full of bologna ponies, the gaggle of naked guys can't contain their libidos and chase them all off the beach. but poor scotty can't stop dreaming about his german babe, mika, and keeps waking up to things like the creeper on the train. so after a quick travel montage, they arrive in amsterdam, and cooper has finally found the place of his dreams, a place where he's surrounded by super sexy european women that all seem to want him. and jenny and scotty find a coffee shop, wink, wink, you know, the kind that sells and not coffee, or so they think. everyone seems to be winning in amsterdam. even jamie is having the night of his life in an alley with some random girl he just met in a camera store. only cooper's night is starting to take an extreme turn in the sixth house, where he isn't able to contain his third leg. and jaime is getting robbed while he's getting from the camera girl jenny and scotty make fools of themselves because it isn't really a coffee shop, but just a regular bakery. now, the only happy one is jamie, because even though he lost all their passports, money and phones in the robbery, he at least got to enjoy a full round of which lasts about 30 seconds and is packed with a lifetime full of regret. once again, scotty's bad german leads him to a serious misunderstanding, this time with a seriously disturbed truck driver who drives them to slovakia, in a neighborhood with more seriously disturbed people. so they pull together all the money that they have, which is only about a buck 80 in u.s american dollars. but with the exchange rate, they realize they can live it up like a bunch of trust fund babies. unfortunately, though, while out at the club, they realize the scottie doesn't know song has even made it out to this remote pothole of a town. but at least they have absinthe to help them along. that should help dull their senses. although jamie and jenny appear to have dulled their senses a little too much. yeah, i would imagine an encounter would ruin the chance of any sequel, right? thankfully, i guess. the next morning, one of the town's folk gives them a ride to berlin, where scotty is excited to finally meet his german babe, who turns out not to be home. but he finds out from her father that she has left for rome, where she's planning on boarding a boat for school. so jamie sells his beloved camera in order to buy flights for all four of them to go meet her at the vatican. and it makes sense, because jaime definitely owes them for losing everything before. but in order to get into the vatican, they have to lie about being part of a tour group, which leads to cooper unknowingly ringing the bell that signifies the pope's the pair then accidentally find themselves in the pope's private chambers, where cooper's antics cause the pope's head garb to catch on fire. so in an effort to maintain safety, they throw the hat into the fireplace, and it sends out the white smoke that signifies a new pope has been chosen. everyone in the square is freaking out, and to add to the chaos, scotty gets tangled in a curtain before walking out on the pope's balcony wearing a different popat, with the actual pope watching the whole thing on television. the onlookers think that scotty is the new pope. but this mess has brought scotty to his shining moment when he spots his german crowd. thankfully, the british blokes from earlier are there to help him get away from security so he can see his girl, who is obviously happy to see him. and eventually, scotty finds his absolution when the two proceed to bump uglies in a confession booth. as it so happens, everyone eventually gets their own happy ending. in the movie, it turns out jaime had unknowingly given the author of his travel guide book a tour in the vatican, and the author, in return, offers jaime a dope gig of getting paid to visit all the museums in europe. and after all their flirting through the entire film, jenny and cooper finally connect when they join the mile high club together. it's about time, guys. seriously. three months later, scotty is still talking to his german hottie and plans to see her over the christmas break, but she ends up surprising him by showing up at his college and announcing she's going to the same school as him, and even staying in the same dorm, because the school thought from her name that she was a guy. so in the end, everything seems to have worked out perfectly for everyone, except that damn scotty doesn't know. song is wildly popular. did you guys come across this song without actually watching eurotrip? let me know in the comments below, and of course, be sure to like the video and subscribe to the channel so you don't miss the next recap. until next time, 