the call of love is a touching film about paternity. the film revolves around the life of a boy named jabal, new to primary school, but every day jabal has to take care of his father, who has a labor accident. at the same time, he also has to earn a living to support himself and the disabled father. jabhau originally lived with his father and stepmother, but due to difficult circumstances, zhaobao's father left his hometown to go to the city to make a living. so the kid lived with his stepmother. fortunately, the stepmother also treats jabal very well. but when the father goes to the city, he has an accident while working. he was completely paralyzed and became a burden on his family. the step-wife was extremely desperate when seeking her husband in the hospital. after bringing the husband back to the hometown, she instructed jabal to take care of himself and care for his disabled father to prepare to leave. on the night, she wrote a letter to rupture the husband. knew her intention, but also closed his eyes as a figment. the next morning, jabal woke up and looked for his stepmother, but only found the delivery letter on the table, the kid boy innocently read every word without word. this made the father highly heartbroken. and then jabal said goodbye to his father to go to school. at this point, the father at home tried to commit suicide. fortunately, jabal's uncle promptly visited and stopped his action. the kid came home from school immediately to take care of his father. and when the house ran out of money, jabal told his father not to worry, because he had come up with the idea of picking up bottles and selling junk to make money. as usual, after returning from school, the boy makes dinner, but this time, while bringing in hot food for his father, he stumbled. hot food spilled all over his body and face, causing a burn to jabot. the father saw the scene, but could do nothing for his son. he was deeply heartbroken. so when jabal left, he committed suicide a second time to free the little son. fortunately, his father's suicide attempt was also unsuccessful. after school, jabal picked up bottles and sold them to a woman. she asked the little boy why he had to go and make money, and the kid told the situation of the disabled father. the biological mother passed away, the stepmother left. she sympathetically bought the bottle with a high price and gave jabal more vegetables to make dinner. she even gave the kid an extra electric stove for safer cooking. when jabal was discovered picking up the bottles, he was teased by his friends as raggedy kid. at this time, the boy was rescued by the class representative, and the kid girl asked the teacher to intervene. the boy had pity on himself, ran back home, hugged his father and cried. the teacher saw that the strange expression and the academic achievement of jabal declined. he immediately went to find out. after school, he followed jabal and could not hold back tears when seeing jabal taking care of his father. the next day, the teacher took jabal's classmates together to understand the boy's difficult situation. after knowing the arduous situation, the class decided to help jabal in their way. the boy who previously bullied jabel also apologized, and both burst into tears at the same time. the tv station also reached out to the family to help. so jabal will no longer have to pick up bottles to sell after school. in the whole film, jabal was very optimistic in such a difficult situation that it is difficult for adults to overcome. fortunately, there's been a happy ending to the touching story about the paternity of jabal and his disabled father. the movie, the call of love has taken away many tears from the audience when it was released. and this is worthy of being one of the most watched movies of all time. 