if you transfer all the memories in your brain into the virtual world, you will be immortal. but this requires two conditions. one is to crush your head to ash. second, you have to let the living person charge you. do you agree with this? today i will introduce to you a movie with such content. upload is a sci-fi film featuring artificial intelligence, popularized in 2033 to help people connect with each other. you can even make video calls with family members after you die. this is a new generation, the generation of the future. nathan is a programmer. after nathan and his girlfriend, ingrid, slept together, the two planned to return home, but the artificial intelligence had a problem that caused nathan's car to crash into the cargo truck. when he regained consciousness, he found himself in the hospital, only his girlfriend beside. the doctor said, he is dying. hearing that, ingrid asks them to take him to lake view, a virtual place for the rich. nathan can live there. ingrid and her family are members of horizon, a place that gives people new feelings using artificial intelligence. now nathan remembers the last time ingrid's father told him about lakeview and had invited him to proceed with the upload. the medical staff got the contract and gave nathan to sign it. at first he declined. anyway, letting the living person charge you is a very embarrassing thing. but ingrid didn't really want him dead, so nathan agreed. nathan was taken into the operating room. the doctor opened the device. before he could say anything, the machine crushed his head. the remains of the corpse rolled onto the bed. his mother and girlfriend outside are very scared. nathan dies. he comes to new life in lakeview. it simulates victorian architecture, built in a classical style. the temperature of the four seasons can be arbitrarily changed for everyone to enjoy as much as possible. nathan was surprised when flores boss created a place like this. everything is very comfortable, more than in his real world. there is a charge for food and drink. he doesn't know life here yet, so it's a bit difficult. the day nathan went to the toilet, but strangely, how he goes can be standardized in the toilet bowl. then he was enjoying himself, so he was playing around a bit. he forgot a waiter was looking at him. has anyone ever done this? the waiter laughed and said, yes, sir. then nathan went to the hotel cafeteria. there are all kinds of things here, a very delicious food table. people here need to have someone live to recharge. the amount of electricity charged determines the person's quality of life. moreover, dogs here can speak human language. the waiter can also clone all of this looks perfect and looks great. that day, he was walking in the park when he saw someone filming and advertisement. he went to ask him the heavenly places here. the advertiser showed him a tall building on the map, but it's just a projected picture. even people jumping into the lake lagged because the frame rate dropped. nathan was beginning to feel incomprehensible about the place. he left angrily. he didn't care if he could disappear or not. go straight to the line of numbers. nora is the customer service officer here. when she heard her client wanted to self-destruct, she immediately ran to stop him. nora explained everything to him, but in reality, she is also extremely boring. to work, she has to take the train. life depends on money. communication is on software. after work, she also had to take care of her father, who was sick. when she went to work, she was criticized by her colleagues, and her superiors kept laughing at her in the evening. norah's company is empty, but the computer is hacked. they wanted to erase nathan's memory because of his suicide behavior. nathan is scheduled to receive psychotherapy. the doctor gave me a dog to feed. his floor friend gave him the big dog. he said, this dog is very good. while nathan was playing with the dog in the room, hey, hi, nathan. the dog is controlled by a psychiatrist. he arranges for nathan a task of making five new friends. on nora's side, she wanted to bring her father into lake view, but the boss said she was unworthy and disagreed. in the meantime, nathan was looking for a new friend. he saw a boy named dylan who had been living in lakeview for six years. but after a while, the boy got into a fight with the gardener. nathan saw everything. he asked nora why the boy was like that. nora tells him that since the boy was boring, he changed his setting to a bearded man. some people also change their settings to private and then strip off. but, but privacy in this world is just a cover. everyone's actions are watched. after returning to the room, nathan saw a rich old man. he remembers his mission is to find five people to make friends. so he said hello and came to talk to him. he says he is a programmer and is running a program application. but when the old man asked him for the name of the application, nathan couldn't remember. he says, the app he makes allows people to download for free and enter their own virtual world. then the old man laughed, saying, so you were killed. you ran into a company that has an annual income of up to 600 billion dollars without anyone killing you the day. nathan was taken by nora to the lowest floor of lake view. this is the residence of people with only 2 g each month. they are only charged 2 000 units and can only read five pages of books for free. when used up, they will turn into black and white. there are even some people who don't have things to wear, just to save electricity. nathan went upstairs. even though the real world is very different from the virtual world, a lot of young people want to come here to find strange feelings. dylan just woke up, he wanted to swim. a waiter hastily took off his shirt and put it on dylan's body. dylan shouted to get everyone's attention. norris saw that and then connected to lake view. it turned out that when dylan got a tattoo, chromosomes, i turned into xx. the boy changes his gender to a girl. nathan's floor friend in lakeview had just met a girl, but when they just talked, she left just because she knows he is a virtual person. the supermarket employee was checking the camera when she found out that nathan's girlfriend had been secretly doing something in nathan's car. could it be that nathan died because of his girlfriend? but when she did not have a clear investigation, her car had a problem. it did not listen to the operator and crashed into the sea. i float as a 2020 american latest sci-fi film. in the digital world of the future, people can come back to life, can control the weather with the push of a button. you can even change all the clothes you want. would you like to live in a world like this? please leave your comments below. thanks for watching. bye. you 