the devil of Hell's Kitchen is back. following on from the defenders, we focus on part-time vigilante Matt Murdock as he struggled Syst off the kingpins crime wave. there's a lot to unpack from the show's ending, and throughout this video, I'll be discussing season three in full detail. there will be heavy spoilers, and I highly recommend that you check out the season before watching this video, but without the way I'm definition, and I ruin the show so you don't have to. by the end of season 3, Wilson Fisk has played New York and the justice system like pawns on a chessboard. throughout the show, he manipulated the FBI frame daredevil &amp; exonerated himself in order to get safe return for his love Vanessa, and reclaim his spot as the kingpin of crime--. the plan culminates in a wedding, but with so many variables that they eventually go wrong and things unravel for the super villain. initially Fisk mark tau FBI agent Raina deem as an easy target that he could use to remove Vanessa from being prosecuted. Rhea was in over his head with crippling deaths due to Fisk cancelling his sister-in-laws chemotherapy. so he was forced to pay for the costs himself. Fisk perfectly manipulates the character throughout season 3 and feeds him information so that he quickly Rises through the ranks of the FBI. this gives him a pawn at the top. by the time daredevil confronts Rey with the evidence that he is being used, is too late, and Rey is in too deep. Nadeem realizes that he must atone for what he's done after agent Benjamin Poindexter, dressed as daredevil, attacks Clinton Church in an effort to kill Karen Paige. Poindexter is an orphan sociopath with incredible aim. he appeases Fisk throughout the season by masquerading as daredevil and framing him for crime so that the city views him as a public menace. when the Dean begins working with foggy and math, they build a case against the kingpin, but this fails when the crime Lord threatens the jury, and Rey is put in the firing line. the hit is ordered by Vanessa, and this comes into play in the final battle, similar to how daredevil revealed the truth to Nadine. he does so with Poindexter. daredevil informs him that Julie, in fact, didn't break off contact with him, and instead, Fisk had her murdered. this drives Poindexter into a rage, and he uncovers Julie's body before driving it to the FISC wedding to exact his revenge. the Fisk wedding is ruined, and deservedly so. after the theme Stein words are played across multiple cell phones, both daredevil and Poindexter show up to exact their revenge. the battle between the three is bloody and brutal and concludes with Poindexter gang paralyzed, leaving just Matt and Fisk to face off against each other. the showdown between the two ends in a highly unorthodox fashion. Matt was determined to kill Fisk when arriving at the hotel. however, due to Nadine's dying words, he now realizes that he has enough evidence to send both the kingpin and Vanessa away for the rest of their lives. even though Fisk knows Daredevils true identity. the two strike a deal that will keep the secret safe. this will go to jail. as long as Vanessa is safe, so he takes the blame for the crimes. Matt agrees to these terms, and the two even shake hands. it's a smart move that allows Matt to not become a murderer. that's also allowing to keep his secret safe, due to the fact that he could always expose Vanessa if he was ever compromised. Matt foggy and Karen's celebrate. but there's one final stinger that comes in the form of Poindexter. fans of the comics will of course come to the realization that the character Poindexter is bullseye, a mainstay in Daredevils rock gallery. this identity is confirmed when we can see a bull's-eye reflected in the characters iris in the show's closing scene. it should be noted that this is a nod to the comic story in which bullseye was paralyzed after a battle with daredevil. the character had his bones laced with adamantium in order to make him invincible. but whether or not this will happen in the show remains to be seen, but it's a nice Easter Egg for fans of the villain how the show will proceed at this point is. but I would definitely like to see bullseye show up once more, though it's becoming a slight broken record. it would be great to see Elektra resurrected and then killed by the villain. this would really pick Matt Murdock against bullseye. and I'd love to see the showdown between the two in the fourth season. so what did you think of daredevil season 3? how do you think the storyline will go in season 4? and how would you rank this one against the other Netflix Marvel series? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then make sure you check out my breakdown of the ending of the Hornung of Hill House, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 