ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the horror mine, where we talk about mysteries, thrillers and horror movies. this week, my friends, i'll be going over the newly released 2021 horror film, candyman. the film is a direct sequel to the original candyman film, released back in 1992. candyman follows the story of now grownup anthony mccoy, an artist struggling with his artistic creativity. like helen lyle of the original film, anthony becomes interested in the candyman legend and begins doing research on candyman as a source of inspiration. it is it long before anthony digs himself too deep and discovers secrets about his past and the connections to candyman himself. directed by nia de costa and co-written by jordan peele, candyman is a beautifully shot horror film with a haunting soundtrack filled with great performances. i'll be explaining the events that take place throughout the film and what the film's ending means for the overall candyman lore. if you enjoy this video, please click the like button, as it really helps the channel. and i truly appreciate it. but without further ado, sit back and relax and join me as we explore the mythical urban legend of candyman. our movie begins with the universal mgm and other logos appearing on screen backwards, as if being shown through a mirror, which was pretty neat. during the opening credits, we see several locations throughout chicago, similar to the opening of the original film. however, instead of it being an overhead shot like the original, these shots are filmed from the ground going up. in 1977, a young boy named william is playing with silhouettes in his room, and his mother tells him to go do the laundry. william lives in cabrini green, a public housing project located on the north side of chicago. we see a heavy police presence in the area, searching for a man named sherman, who has been scaring all the residents, specifically children. down in the laundry room, willian comes face to face with sherman, who creepily crawls out of a hole in the wall. this scene is very reminiscent of when helen lyle called out of the hole resembling candyman's mouth in the original film. sherman has a hook for her right hand and offers william some candy. this scares the hell out of william, who begins to scream, which alerts the police. during the title sequence, we are introduced to this movie's amazingly haunting soundtrack, composed by robert a low. we then meet our main character, anthony mccoy and marie's baby boy, who was abducted by candyman in 1992 and rescued by helen lyle. anthony is all grown up now and portrayed by actor yaya abdul mateen ii. he is accompanied by his girlfriend brianna, her brother troy and his boyfriend grady. they briefly discussed the gentrification of cabrini green before troy tells them the urban legend of helen lyle. by the time the police show up, she's in one of the apartments doing snow angels in a pool of blood, we see that the events of the original film have drastically been lost in translation over the years and now portray helen as a crazy villain. anthony is an artist who has seemingly struggled with inspiration the past couple of years. his girlfriend brianna, is an art gallery director with lots of connections who gives anthony opportunities to show off his work. he shows his latest piece to an art dealer named clive, who isn't impressed with his work. anthony tells him that he plans on working on a new piece inspired by the housing projects of cabrini green. he begins doing online research on cabrini green's history and finds several articles talking about helen lyle. it's interesting to see how helen's story is now perceived by the public. while believe helen to be a crazed lunatic that murdered several people and abducted a baby, the end of the original candyman showed the residents of cabrini green showing up to helen's funeral in gratitude for having saved baby anthony from candyman. anthony visits an old church in cabrini green and gets stung by a bee while taking a picture. he enters a nearly abandoned part of cabrini green and meets a man named william burke, portrayed by coleman domingo, who has got to have one of the coolest names i've ever heard. william is revealed to be the kid from the beginning of the film who went from doing laundry to owning his very own laundromat. his mother would be so proud. he tells tony that helen lyle was researching the legend of candyman. helen lie was out here looking for candyman. you asked me, i said she found them. william tells him the story of sherman fields, a local man with a hook for her hand, who used to hand out candy to all the neighborhood kids. one october, a razor blade shows up in a little white girl's halloween candy. the police believe sherman was responsible and were searching for him, as depicted in the film's first scene. sherman came out of the walls and offered young williams some candy. this caused william to scream, which alerted the police of sherman's location. a large group of police officers brutally beat sherman to death, who was later found to be innocent. that's when we knew sherman had been innocent, harmless. sherman's story is possibly linked to the razor filled candies helen lyle found while investigating candyman's lair. the original candyman took place in 1992, while sherman's death occurred in 1977. the film never truly confirms who was responsible for putting the razors in the candy it's possible that candyman himself was responsible for this as a sort of way to instill fear in the residence of cabrini green to keep his name alive. anthony becomes inspired by sherman's story and paints a depiction of his death. he shows his paintings to brianna and tells her about the legend of candyman. anthony then playfully says candyman five times while looking into his reflection in the window. unbeknownst to him, he has actually summoned the sherman fields candyman, who can be seen in the window. anthony's project is displayed during an art show at clive's gallery. his paintings are displayed behind a vanity mirror, meant to bring awareness to the candyman urban legend and its connection to the racial injustice suffered by the black community. he attempts to explain his work to an art critic named finley, who doesn't seem impressed and pretty rudely shuts him down. a drunk anthony and clive trade insults at each other, which embarrasses and angers brianna. after the art show, clive and his girlfriend jerica are cleaning up a ton of leftover beer bottles. damn, i didn't know you could get so lit at an art show. while getting a little raunchy with each other, jerica decides to chant candyman 5 times in the mirror. why do people insist on playing candyman instead of simply having sex like normal horny people? a flying bee lands on the mirror in front of them, which is the exact same beat anthony sees while looking in the mirror at the exact same time. if we take a close look, we can see that the b anthony is seeing is actually inside of the mirror, as if he were looking through a two-way candyman suddenly appears and brutally murders clive and jerica in a really cool scene. instead of simply appearing like the original candyman, sherman's version can only be seen through a mirror and is invisible to the naked eye, which is a really nice and clever touch. the next day, the couple's dead bodies are discovered by brianna right in front of anthony's art piece. clive's stomach has been sliced open and filled with bees hovering over his dead body. anthony's reaction to the news shocks both brianna and troy, as he only mentions the fact that his name was mentioned on the news. i mean, obviously, obviously, obviously it's awful. that night, brianna is haunted by a nightmare of her father's suicide. we see a young brianna approaching her father sitting at the edge of a window. her father was a painter who, by the look of his studio, seemingly went insane. i bet you didn't know your daddy could fly, did you? she wakes up from her nightmare and sees sherman's reflection inside of a mirror. and it was a nightmare within a nightmare. those are the absolute worst. she sees anthony standing in the bathroom looking pretty out of it. he tells her he had a bad dream, but he doesn't elaborate what and closes the door on her. the next day, he checks out helen lyle's camera and audio files from a library, although you would think they'd keep that as evidence in a police station. he walks into an elevator surrounded by mirrors, and his hand now seems infected as a result of the bee sting. the elevator then begins to malfunction, and a piece of candy falls to the ground. the candy has a small razor inside. and anthony then sees a reflection of sherman directly above him before the lights go out. this is pretty odd, considering sherman was supposedly innocent and wasn't the one who put razors in the candy. this is something i wish they would have just confirmed, as opposed to just taking williams's word for it. anthony's hand is now looking extremely gnarly and disgusting and seems to be spreading throughout his whole arm. he is aggressively painting a face in his studio that is eerily starting to resemble that of brianna's father before his death. we also hear the audio tape of the two custodians being interviewed by helen lyles, speaking about ruthie jean's death. she heard this banging and smashing, like somebody was trying to make a hole in the wall. anthony meets with the art critic finley, who has now taken interest in his work because of the attention it's gotten after the murders. he calls her out on her fakeness and dares her to summon candyman in the bathroom. i think i need to use the bathroom. oh, this is a good time, isn't he? i dare you. he goes to look for finley and sees his reflection in the mirror to be that of sherman's candy man. completely shocked by what he's seeing, he is brought back to reality by finley and runs out of her apartment. we then get what is, in my opinion, the coolest kill in the film. as the camera slowly pans away from her apartment, finley is murdered by candyman, and her face is dragged all along her window, showing that finley took anthony's darren summoned candyman off-screen. anthony goes back to william to ask him who or what exactly, candyman really is. he tells of several men throughout history that were unjustly killed due to racism, samuel evans in the 1950s, william bale in the 1920s, and daniel robitaille, the original candyman, in the 1890s. robotile was the son of a slave who became rich by inventing a machine that mass-produced shoes. after the civil war, he had a natural talent for painting portraits and was hired by a wealthy chicago factory owner to do a painting of his young daughter. the two fell in love, and the woman became pregnant with robotized child. the father became enraged by the revelation of their interracial relationship and hired a group of men who chased candyman all the way to cabrini green, torching him, nick cut off his arm and jab and meet up with the stump. they smeared honey all over robotile's body, and he was stung by numerous bees. he was then burned alive in front of a crowd, and his ashes were scattered all over cabrini green. his senseless, racially motivated murder turn robotile into a vengeful spirit and into the urban legend of candyman. candyman is a symbol that represents the racial injustice suffered by the black community throughout the years, and was renewed after the deaths of william bell, samuel evans and sherman fields, who each became a part of candyman's hive. brianna sees the disturbing and dark faces of all the different candyman that anthony unknowingly depicted in the paintings. he tries to tell her that he made a mistake by summoning candyman, but she thinks he has gone insane. she tries to say candyman in front of a mirror to prove he's not real, but anthony quickly smashes the mirror and scares brianna away. she heads to her brother troy for comfort, who tells her that she doesn't need to be present every time an artist has a mental breakdown, referencing the parallel between the time she witnessed her father's suicide and anthony's current transformation. at a high school, four teenage girls summoned candyman in front of a bathroom mirror and are all brutally murdered. the kills sound absolutely brutal, but are only briefly shown through a small circular hand mirror. the infection from the bee sting has now spread throughout anthony's entire arm and is starting to spread through his body. he seeks medical treatment at a local hospital and finds out he was born in cabrini green and not on the south side of chicago, like his mother led him to believe. he confronts his mother, anne-marie mccoy, who is again wonderfully portrayed by vanessa williams. he asks her about his past and about candy don't say that. oh, yes, ma'am. she tells him that she kept the truth from him so he could grow up happy and normal, something that was very clear from the moment we met her in baby anthony. in the first film, we see that anne-marie is sporting the battle scar from when she was cut by helen with a cleaver, which was a nice little detail i'm glad they added. she tells anthony that helen lyle wasn't crazy, and that she was the one who rescued him from candyman. candyman had a purpose for anthony and wanted him to burn with him. the night of the fire, so they could live on in legend forever. anne-marie moved away from cabrini green and refused to ever speak of candyman again to protect her son. candyman was able to find anthony when he began his research into cabrini green. i believe the exact moment he was found was when he was stung by the bee in front of the church. the bees act as a sort of extension of candy man, which is why the bee sting is starting to transform anthony's body. anthony is completely distraught by the revelation and leaves his mother's apartment without saying a word. he returns to cabrini green and is lured by several flashes of light coming from inside of one of the row houses. brianna notices anthony's absence and goes to look for him at william's laundromat. she sees anthony's hat sitting on the counter, and the door behind her suddenly closes and locks on its own. williams suddenly shows up behind her and knocks her out. now we have a witness. in a flashback, we see a young william witness the murder of his own sister and her friend at the hands of candyman. in the bathroom, he sees the spirit of sherman fields, who smiles at william in the bloody aftermath, brianna wakes up tied up by william in the middle of an old church. anthony is sitting in front of the church, and the infection has spread to over half of his body. he appears to be in a catatonic state and does not seem to have control of his own body. william places a call to 9-1-1, telling the police that the candy man killer is located at the row houses in cabrini green and is killing people. ah, a black man around 30. he was waving a hook and talking crazy. i think he's killing people down there. william knew that baby anthony would someday return to cabrini green and finally be able to fulfill his role in helping the candyman legend live on forever. william wants to turn anthony into candyman and kill those responsible for the gentrification of cabrini green. he then proceeds to saw off anthony's right hand and sticks the infamous candyman hook in the bloody stump. finally, he places a cool ass candyman jacket on anthony to complete the transformation. because no candyman is ever complete without his badass coat. if we take a look at the first scene in williams laundromat, you can see this very code hanging directly behind him. william reveals that he is banking on the police to unjustifiably shoot anthony, which will allow him to truly take on the mantle of candyman. after his death, brianna manages to get free of her binds and runs away from a now truly insane william. ready for the sacrament, he busts out two razor blade lollipops and begins chasing after brianna. she runs into one of the row houses, and we see william's lips bleeding from having sucked on the razor sharp lollipops. brianna runs up behind him and stabs william in the eye with a pen from his own laundromat. she then repeatedly stabs him to death. i think he's dead. i think so too. a severely weakened anthony falls to the ground and into brianna's arms. loud sirens fill the room as the police arrive, and briana screams out for help. as soon as the first officer enters the house, he yells for anthony to put his hands up, and immediately and unjustifiably shoots him to death. this is the exact moment in time that anthony was drawn to earlier that evening. brianna is then put in handcuffs and placed into the back of a police car. a corrupt detective enters the driver's seat of the vehicle and attempts to intimidate brianna into lying about the events that led to anthony's death. brianna tells him that she will say whatever they want, only if he allows her to look at herself in the rear view mirror. she then says candyman five times while looking in the mirror, which summons anthony mccoy's candyman. he then proceeds to murder the police officers responsible for killing him and trying to cover it up. anthony then slowly walks around the car, and every incarnation of candyman can be seen in the car's windows as he circles around the vehicle in the film's final scene, candyman kills the detective and reveals his true form of daniel robitile, portrayed by none other than tony todd himself. hello everyone. as she looks on in complete shock, several more police vehicles arrived behind her. as the movie ends, during the end credits, we see silhouette depictions of all the candyman incarnations and how they met their tragic deaths. and that, ladies and gentlemen, was candyman, my friends. i was really looking forward to this movie. i love the original candyman, which has now become an underrated horror movie classic, although not as good as i feel it could have been if jordan peele was sitting in the director's seat. i thoroughly enjoyed the 2021 candyman film. the film was beautifully shot, had a truly amazing and haunting soundtrack, and was filled with great all-around performances, specifically from yaya abdulmatin ii and coleman domingo. the film does suffer from a very short run time for the story it was trying to tell. it introduces many different plot points that aren't really elaborated on or fleshed out enough, which makes the film seem incomplete and rushed. for example, we are told by william that sherman was falsely accused of planting razor blades in children's candies. however, there was never really any proof of his innocence, as there wasn't any mention of anyone else being found guilty of that crime. the reasoning they give is that more razor blades were found in more candies after his death. but it could have been sherman's spirit, as that's exactly what he gives to anthony in the elevator scene. since they didn't really properly explore sherman's story, i feel the narrative would have been more solid if daniel robitaille's candyman was the focus instead. sherman fields could have been referenced like the others, and it would have made more sense for anthony's arc. the film attempts to expand on the candyman mythos and turns candyman into a vigilante symbol of the consequences of racial injustices suffered by the community. several men are said to have taken the mantle of candyman after daniel robitile but which candyman shows up when the name is set five times in the mirror? sherman fields was killed in 1977, but daniel robitaille is the one terrorizing cabrini green in 1992. so why is sherman again the candy man that kills people in 2019? this is something that could have been further explored and would have benefited from a longer run time. i also wish that the horror elements were more present and prevalent than they were. there were several hints of horror brilliance showcased throughout. however, the horror and mythical urban legend elements that made the first movie so special were ultimately overshadowed by the film's heavy themes and social commentary. i definitely recommend candyman to fans of the original, and i definitely think casual horror fans will enjoy this modern take on a classic horror film. but ladies and gentlemen, as always, i hope you enjoyed the video. thank you all for tuning in. and i cannot wait to see y'all right back here in the horror mine. y'all stick around. 