listen, I remember when I first started watching Breaking Bad, around season 3, and it really was only possible because of Netflix. I'm sure a lot of people caught up on it the same way. considering that around those seasons, AMC was worried that the show was gonna be cancelled, when magically a new swarm of people started watching it halfway through airing. now years later, Vince Gilligan chose Netflix to premiere this movies, epilogue of the series, before it even airs on AMC. which it's kind of a cool paying it back. and paying it back they did like a true Lannister. it was like going back to your high school reunion. if your high school solving math. is it as green as the series? no, I don't think that was the point of it. but if the main series was Walter story on how he broke bad, Saul got a call to do his, then El Camino is a perfect send-off for the character of Jesse Pinkman. let me explain. so one day we do want to do a breakdown on both of these series and have Anela me, yeah. but if you need a good breakdown right now, I highly recommend these two videos right here, because they do a fantastic job catching you up, and their their editing is hilarious. what I do want to give a recap for here, though, is a reminder on how bad Jesse Pinkman had it like. can you imagine getting hit up by your high school chemistry teacher to cook up drugs, like mine still does? Civil War Reenactment? I never figured out which side he was on. on top of that, because they're dying of cancer. you have no idea when they're gonna croak on you, and they've already gotten you involved in not one, not two, but several crime bosses who wouldn't even hesitate to put out a hit on you. he's seen bodies disintegrated. he's been shot at. he's been hospitalized by his own partners brother-in-law. he's seen his girlfriend choke to death on her own vomit, which then causes a plane crash, of all things. he's seen kids killed. he's been the killer. Jesse's last girlfriend was a single mother whose kid killed Jesse's friend, then got himself killed. then her last kid gets poisoned by his chemistry teacher of a partner, which leaves Jesse to get captured and tortured by neo-nazis who forced him to watch the death of another woman he loved. then he drove straight to that Need for Speed movie at the end of the series. it's crazy when you think about how he was supposed to be killed off at the end of the first season, and how he's lived too long enough to give us great lines such as fish and and, well, I'll ever ditch. and got to be harass by his chem teacher some more. he'd say, hey, did you read the next script? and I go, no, I did you get it? and say, had it in sometime, but at least you go out like John. it's clear that if anybody needed a resolution, it would be the Theon Greyjoy of this series. and I'm glad that he's doing well for himself, because it looks like seven years have passed since the ending of the series. i'ma just get the first gripe, by the way, cuz I know that it's a nitpick. I know it's not that big of a deal, but y'all know that we would have bashed Thrones or any other big drama for it. because season five, jesse looks like he was being tortured. Wow, Kamino, Jesse, looks like you just won. The Price is Right? [Applause]. that said, I commend the production for bringing back a lot of the cast and crew cooking vessels, because there's a bunch of cool references that really make it feel like the universe of Breaking Bad. we get to see characters from seasons back, composers who have stuck with the universe even through the spin-off series, and trustworthy family members who actually made up the extras in the final shot in order to keep the Cameo a secret. and I mean, they did so they probably could have been cooking real meth on the show and no one would have snitched. that family aspect is actually the part I like the most about the movie, because as soon as Jesse drives away to freedom, as we saw at the ending of the series, he goes straight to his boys house. and I mean, the boys, or the Paragons of innocence, we're not bad guys. for just Jesse's friends. they've been with them through ups and downs. they gave him thousands of dollars out of their pockets. and skinny Pete gives him his beanie, like you that's like candy taking off his sweater. BB, taking off his my hero. and [ __ ] wasn't that moments like that, for fans of the show, you know, that's like true fan service. that's fan service done right. seeing Walter is cool. I like that. but adding to this camaraderie right here, that is very much appreciated. on the opposite side of things, though, you have Todd on the way home. I was gonna get us some pizza, large pies. since the movie has split through these really cool transitions. we get to see Jesse visit places in the presents as we flash back to his time in captivity and how it led him there. and I'll just say that Plemons has been so good as Todd. you know, you're back in a day. and even now with the Plus version of Todd, he's been so creepy to me that everything he's done since I don't see him the same way. oh, you two enjoy each other. it's often we don't appreciate. [Music] all things to that chemistry teacher. I thought the movie did a great job with the shots. the scenarios that Jessie find himself in were intriguing. they did a great job showing how isolated and imprisoned the character feels by always framing him in this box setting. like I said, I love the editing and transition between both timeless. and if you did hang up, they'd call you back immediately. but hey, guess what. seriously. oh, it also reminded me how dumb Jessica's authentic breaking bed to do something special. overall, I really liked how it served as an epilogue for the series that wrapped up one of the most crucial characters. I love the bond that Netflix and Breaking Bad have built, so I think it's solid and may continue to produce stories that exist within this universe. and according to Aaron Paul, there actually was even an alternate ending that was the original ending. the first thing Gilligan wrote in the script a voiceover of the letter to Brod that was super emotional and ends the film. while the filmmakers may choose to keep it a secret, my guess would be that Jesse wrote to Brock the best advice he could ever give someone before they graduate. Brock, don't ever hang out with your chemistry teacher. thank you guys for watching this video. I'm Kirsten. a thoughts down below in the comment section. I don't know what other spin-off series would you like to see? I haven't caught up on better call Saul, yeah. but I do want to re-watch Breaking Bad to make a video for that. do one for better call Saul as well. I don't know, maybe RJ Mitte will get his his breakfast show that he's been asking for. but hey, I trust everything that Vince Gilligan gives us, from the chicken that he serves as a KFC to the series right here. I don't think that the series ever had a bad point. like, I don't think it ever dipped in quality. and that's all things to again, I highly recommend seeing the featurette because they all really like work together. they have the same cast and crew coming in, and it really feels like a family. and I think that's why none of the episodes, or any of the spin-offs that they've done, has ever felt like a cash grab to me, because it really feels like everyone's invested in this story. it's not to say the throne episodes I didn't like, but I know that's more of a personal choice, as opposed to, like the episode being bad. if you generate thoughts down below in the comment section. what else you would like to see from this universe? anything else? really, in general, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. I'll send you some chili powder. 