game of thrones, winter is coming. season one, episode one. welcome back to popcorn time movie digest. today i will show you a medieval fantasy television series from 2011 titled game of thrones, winter is coming. spoilers alert. watch out and take care. the season opens on the continent of westeros by introducing a threat from beyond the wall. three rangers of the nights watched apart from the wall to investigate reports of wildlings in the haunted forest, which lies to the north beyond the wall. the young one sees smoke from a fire and creeps up on it. he discovers several wildling corpses, dismembered and arranged in a strange ritualistic fashion on the ground. he also finds a dead wildling girl pinned to a tree. shakti turns and runs. we see their bodies are laid out in a kind of symbol, like a ring. he reports back to the others. sir weimar overrides the older garrett's advice that they return to castle black to report the situation to lord commander of the night's watched, your mormont. the young ranger is chastised by sir weimar for being a coward and reminded of their mission and the punishment for desertion, sir weimar instead, insists on seeing the corpses for himself to determine what killed them. they go to check out the bodies, but find they've disappeared. the young ranger scouts around for clues, and garrett finds a bloody piece of clothing and organ buried under the snow. he's about to show it to weimar when something dark and sinister pops up out of snow and slashes him down. this creature is called white walker, a supernatural species of humanoids with milk pale skin and glowing blue eyes. out of panic, the remaining men run. they're chased by something that doesn't seem human. the creature catches garrett and slices off his head. the young ranger, in abject horror, sees the dead wildling girl from earlier, who is now walking with blue eyes. he drops to his knees and awaits his faith. sometime later, he stumbles across a field, not dead. in a band of men on horses intercepts him. he has fled south of the wall in terror. rather than return to warned castle black of the white walker threat. meanwhile, in winterfell, lord ned stark, with his wife caitlyn, watches his son, bran, practice archery with the aid of rob stark. ned and caitlyn's eldest son, and jon snow ned's bastard son, rob and john can't help laughing when bran's latest arrow goes high over the wall, even worse than the last shot. but after ned amusedly chides the two and encourages bran to keep it inside the castle, his daughter sansa area practice needlepoint. bran lets fly his arrow and miss wildly. suddenly, another strikes the bull's eye. they turn to see who let it go. it's arya showing up. her brother. bran chases arya, while ned caitlin, rob and john left. a man comes to report they captured a deserter from the night's watch. ned's wife caitlyn asks him if he has to do what must be done. ned says yes, and ten-year-old bran is coming to watch. the law decrees that, as a deserter from the watch, the young ranger is an oath breaker and must be executed. lord ned stark takes three of his sons with him. rob john and bran to witness the execution, due to it being a stark custom among sons to carry out executions themselves. also joining ned is his ward, theon greyjoy. the young ranger accepts his fate, but tells ned about the walkers first and asks the word be sent back to his mother lord. ned carries out the execution himself, using the ancestral valyrian blade of their house. ice. young bran witnesses an execution for the first time without flinching, earning praise from his half-brother, john. ned explains to bran that the reason he was made to execute the young ranger was that the man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. when bran asks his father about the white walkers, ned dismisses it as a madman's ramblings, insisting that the walkers have been gone for centuries. on the ride home, they come upon a disemboweled elk and wonder what could have done it. theon wonders if it's the work of a mountain lion, but ned states that none live in the area. looking for what killed it, they find a rare dead female dire wolf killed with a stag antler piece broken off in her throat. the wolf died after giving birth, and her five pups huddle by the corpse for warmth. ned commands killing the pups out of mercy, rather than have them starve to death. john suggests instead that as the dire wolf is the symbol of house stark, and ned has five true born children, the five pups go to the five star children. ned agrees to allow it, but only if they care for and raise the pups themselves. even if one should die, the owner will be the one to bury it. as they are about to leave, jon finds a sixth pup, an albino run of the litter. theon mockingly points out that this one belongs to john. but jon nonetheless adopts the sixth pup. in king's landing, the capital of the seven kingdoms, a funeral takes place in the grand cathedral. sir jamie lannister checks on his twin sister, queen cersei baratheon, of the house of lannister. she's worried the dead man, john aaron, might have spilled her secret to her husband, the king. back in winterfell, a raven bears news of john aaron's death, where lady, caitlin stark, informs ned john aaron was like a father to ned. she also tells ned the king robert baratheon and much of the royal court rides for winterfell. ned realizes that king robert means to name him as the hand to replace john aaron. he ponders refusal, feeling his places at winterfell. king robert of baratheon and queen cersei is on the way to winterfell with their entourage. bran climbs to the top of the compound to see the hundreds approaching. bran's mother catches him climbing on the rooftops of the castle. he promises to stop, but his mother knows he is lying. the king and queen arrive, and all of winterfell gathers in the courtyard. as the royal party approaches, the starks line up to greet them. prince joffrey baratheon of the house of baratheon, makes eyes at sansa stark, ned's young daughter. king robert rides in with his knights, while queen cersei is in a large wheelhouse. lord ned presents his household to king robert. ned and robert greet each other warmly and then robert demands to see the crips and pay his respects to ned's deceased sister, lyanna, much to queen cersei's impatience. after robert and ned depart, cersei sends jaime to find their younger brother, tyrion, who is a dwarf. the imp has found his way to the brothel in the town outside winterfell, where he enjoys the attention of a prostitute named ross. jamie tells tyrion, a man of limited height, but with immense appetites, that he will be needed at the feast that night. jaime has hired three more prostitutes for tyrion to hurry things along. down in the crips. robert says aaron got sick suddenly and died. robert asks ned to come to king's landing and serve as hand of the king to run his kingdom. he wants ned to help him keep the iron throne. he suggests they join their houses by marrying his son, joffrey, and ned's daughter, sansa. robert offers up his prayers at the tomb of lyanna stark, ned's younger sister, whom robert was going to marry, before prince rhaegar targaryen killed her. he tells ned that in his dreams, he kills rhaegar every night. ned reminds him that house targaryen was destroyed, but robert replies, not all of them. meanwhile, in the free city of pentos, across the narrow sea, the saris and daenerys targaryen live in the hospitality of manchester illyrio. prince viserys comes to check on his sister, complete with examining her naked. viserys has arranged to wed his sister, daenerys to call drogo, the warlord of a dothraki khalasar are 40 000 warriors. he tells her what a beautiful young woman she has turned into and slips off her dress. she is silent and looks away, as if pretending it isn't happening. she steps into a hot bath that has just been drawn. this greatly distresses her maid, who believes the water will scald her. however, daenerys seems not to notice it and appears to be unharmed. a short time later, she meets her intended king, a savage killer who has never been defeated in battle. he says nothing and rides off. later we see illyrio and viserys discuss the quest to sail back to westeros, and viserys inquires when the wedding will take place. daenerys is not pleased with the arrangement and blurts out that she does not want to marry drogo. viserys insists that daenerys will marry him because in return, drogo will give viserys the army he needs to retake their father's throne from robert baratheon. viserys adds that he would let his sister be raped by all 40 000 of drogo's man and their horses if it meant getting his throne back back. in in winterfell, a great feast is held, and cersei and caitlyn exchange cordial words. cersei seems more impressed by sansa, thinking that she will be a great hit at court. outside the feast, jon snow works at his sword practice, angry that caitlyn thought it would be inappropriate that a bastard should attend. his uncle, benjen stark, ned's brother, first ranger of the night's watch, arrives to join the feast, and john asks him to take him back to the wall with him vengeance. says he's not ready. after benjen leaves, john meets tyrion, who suggests that he is too sensitive and quick to take offense. when his illegitimacy is pointed out, tyrion encourages him to take the insult and wear it like armor, so that no one can hurt him with it. when john angrily asks tyrion what he knows about it, tyrion replies that all dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes. benjen finds his brother ned, who tells him the boy he beheaded was a true ranger. he seemed surprised. he deserted. later, jaime accost ned, taunting him to fight. when he's back in town after the feast, there's a knock at their bedroom door. it's maester lewin, ned's counselor a writer brought a letter from caitlyn's sister, lady lisa aaron, the widow of john aaron. in the letter, lisa says that john aaron was murdered by the lannisters and that they plan to conspire against king robert. she burns the letter. her sister has fled the city. lewin tells ned that he should accept robert's offer to be hand so he can investigate the truth and protect the king. ned, while he would prefer to stay at winterfell, agrees with lewin and accepts the offer. at the wedding feast for daenerys and drogo, viserys is eager to get his throne back. daenerys watches two men try to have sex with a woman in the middle of a dance and end up cutting each other to bits. we learned that a dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair. the bride and groom receive many gifts, but for daenerys, two are particularly interesting. the first is a selection of books containing stories and songs from the seven kingdoms, given to her by sarah jorah mormont, an exiled knight of house mormont. the second is a box containing three beautiful, scaly stones. according to illyrio, these are dragon eggs from the shadow lands beyond, a shy that have turned to stone over time. then he appears to feel some connection with the eggs, but brushes it off for the time being. called gets up and goes to his horse. daenerys follows, and he gives her a white horse. as she's riding off, her brother tells her to make drogo happy. later alone on the beach at sunset, she waits nervously as her new husband looks her over. she cries. he says only no as he slowly takes off her clothes and pushes her to the ground. back in winterfell ned prepares to ride with the king to go hunting. as they set off, bran climbs to the top of a climbing a broken tower, he hears someone moaning. he peers through a window and finds the queen and her brother engaged in a sexual act. she shouts that bran saw them. jamie pulls bran off the ledge. jamie looks out the window to make sure nobody else is watching, and only sees summer brand's wolf. he turns to bran and asks how old he is. when bran replies 10, jamie remarks with a side, then he shoves bran out of the window. the things i do for love, he says. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 