[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 superhero film, Deadpool. so let's get started. the film opens with Wade Wilson, a mercenary, meeting an escort named Vanessa. they fall in love, and Wilson proposes. after Wilson discovers he has terminal cancer, however, he leaves Vanessa without warning so she won't have to watch him die. a mysterious recruiter approaches Wilson, offering him an experimental cure for his cancer. he meets Ajax and angel dust, who inject him with an experimental serum that will awaken latent mutant genes. after he's put under extreme stress and torture, after Wilson makes fun of Ajax, real name Francis, Wilson is put into a chamber that puts him on the verge of asphyxiation for several days. the torture does activate a superhuman healing ability. however, Wilson's body is horribly disfigured with burn-like scars. Wilson escapes and begins attacking Ajax, but stops when a jack says that there is a cure. for his scarring, a jack subdues Wilson and leaves him for dead in the burning lab. Wilson survives and finds Vanessa, but does not tell her that he is alive, fearing her reaction to his scarred appearance. after talking to his friend weasel, Wilson decides to hunt down Ajax for the cure for his scarred skin. Wilson becomes a masked vigilante, taking on the name Deadpool, and moves in with a blind elderly woman named Al Deadpool questions and MERS many of Ajax men, eventually finding Ajax location. Deadpool finds Ajax and demands the Cure, but is stopped by x-men colossus and negasonic. teenage warhead Colossus wants Deadpool to mend his ways, merely to stop killing so frequently and to join the x-men. Ajax escapes and finds out about Vanessa. Ajax kidnaps Vanessa and takes her to a decommissioned Helicarrier. Deadpool is able to convince colossus and negasonic to help him rescue vanessa. colossus and negasonic battle angel, dust in several soldiers while deadpool fights ajax. deadpool saves Vanessa, and Ajax reveals there is no cure for Deadpool's condition, despite Colossus is pleading. Deadpool kills Ajax, but says he'll try to be more heroic going forward, though most likely he won't do that. vanessa is mad at Deadpool for leaving her, and he reveals his burn face to her, but she does not care, and they reconcile their love as the film concludes. so that was the spoilers for Deadpool. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to check out our Instagram giveaways that we do every month. also remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 