eighteen months after Superman's destructive battle with General Zod in Metropolis, Superman has become a controversial figure. Daily Planet reporter Clark Kent, Superman's alter-ego, has moved in with Lois Lane Bruce. Wayne, who has operated in Gotham City as the vigilante Batman for nearly two decades, sees Superman as a potential threat to humanity. after learning of Batman's activities, Clark used Batman as a threat and seeks to stop him. via Daily Planet articles, Wayne learns that Russian weapon trafficker, Anatoly can Yossef, has been contacting lexcorp's mogul, Lex Luthor. meanwhile, Luthor tries to persuade senator June Finch to allow him to import Kryptonite retrieved from the Indian Ocean following the results of Zod's terraforming attempt, claiming to use it as a deterrent against Kryptonians. but she denies the request. he also makes side dealings with Finch's subordinate and demands access to Zod's body and the Kryptonian Scout ship. Wayne attends Luthor's party at LexCorp, where he meets a mysterious antiques dealer named Diana Prince, and retrieves encrypted data from the company's main frame while decrypting the drive at the Batcave. wayne has a dream of a post-apocalyptic world where he leads a group of rebels against Superman. he has snapped out of the dream by an unidentified time traveler. her warmth some of lanes crucial role in the distant future and urges him to find the others. Wayne later discovers that Luthor is not only experimenting with kryptonite, but also investigating metahumans, one of them is Prince herself, who is an immortal warrior. Wayne admits to Alfred Pennyworth that he plans to steal a kryptonite to weaponize it should have become necessary to fight Superman. Luthor orchestrates a bombing at a congressional hearing where Finch is questioning Superman on the validity of his actions, killing everyone present beside Superman, believing that he should have detected the bomb. and frustrated by his failure to save the people, Superman goes into self-imposed exile. Batman breaks into Lex Corp and steals the Kryptonite, planning to use it to battle Superman by building a powered exoskeleton and creating a kryptonite grenade launcher and a kryptonite tip spear. meanwhile, Luthor enters the Kryptonian ship and learns of its functions as well as recorded alien worlds. he reveals that he has manipulated Superman and Batman by fueling their animosity for each other. Luthor demands Superman fight and kill Batman in exchange for Martha's Superman tries to reason with Batman, but Batman instigates a parole fight and ultimately wins. before Batman can kill Superman with the spear, Superman urges Batman to save Martha, whose name is also shared with Wayne's late mother. Lane arrives, it explains the situation, convincing Batman that Superman is not a threat. unwilling to let someone else's mother die, Batman leaves to rescue Martha upon learning of Luthor's plan. while Superman confronts Luthor on the scout ship. Luthor executes his backup plan, unleashing a genetically engineered monster with DNA from both Zod's body and his own. however, Diana Prince arrives unexpectedly, revealing her metahuman nature. she joins forces with Batman and Superman to fight the creature. they are soon outmatched by its power, as it can absorb and redirect energy. realizing that it is also vulnerable to kryptonite, Superman retrieved the kryptonite spear with Batman and princes help distracting it. Superman impales the monster. as it dies, the creature stabs and kills a weakened Superman with one of its bone protrusions. luthor is arrested, and batman confronts him in prison, warning Luthor that he will always be watching him. Luthor gloats that Superman's death has made the world vulnerable to powerful alien threats and that something bigger is coming to earth. a memorial is held for Superman in Metropolis. Clark is also declared dead, and Bruce, Wayne Lois Lane, Martha Kent and Diana Prince attend a private funeral for him in Smallville. Martha gives an envelope to Lois Lane, which contains an engagement ring from Clark. after the funeral, Wayne reveals to Prince that he plans to form a team of metahumans, starting with the ones from Luthor's files, to help protect the world in Superman's absence. after they leave, the dirt around Clark's coffin begins to levitate. 