first order, dominating, led by general Hux trying to be intimidating, but poets, aw shucks. still the smooth operator. x-wing move so fresh, til he leads his old bombing fleet to untimely death. slice terrain. ready to learn that Jedi magic, but Luke is in a different movie, working on a slapstick between the frog nuns and cute walking birch. the Jedi Temple turned into a comedy Church. smokes. first live appearance. pimp robes cut slender, looking like a seal got his head stuck in a blender to win out. kylo, who gets extra fumed. pelvis mash brother goes by Halloween costume on the cruiser. leia plays face smacker. think they're all safe, but yo, Lightspeed tracker. kylo, space rage. can't pull the trigger on his damn mob goes up. anyway. Leia gets a Superman on. this is where some of y'all get lost, and others are still into it all because class, religion, stones and beetles, but nothing else to divides us more. the defensive side by sequels, Provenza crating, sorry, we can't be stars. [Music]. break song. [Music]. check it and within the leaky Michelin Man on his way to find Rey. but love has different plans with the sister of a bomber in the grieving stages. so Maz sends him out to get Rack den. Maggie gasps, horse cat derbies blues and jgl. been a parking violation lands both in the south with Oscar winner del Toro. he'll take it from here. but the first mistake was trusting him to not be weird. way down the rabbit hole, tripping on reflections. Boris times with Tyler man. they always have reception. she thinks that she can fix him, who thinks she's full of crap. they're still competent. and also, have you seen his traps? two bounces off to Kyllo snow castle. by the balls. I cannot be portrayed. Shiloh has a dark fall. guards cut loose for neck. did you fight then it dropped? my spa step so tight. Leia's comatose. follow Admiral Dern. still butting heads with politics. an admirable turn. she remains on the cruiser as the crew escaped. huge explosion on music, cuz the vacuum of space stuff at awestruck some while others don't believe the physics. either way, it's hot debate, and that's the beauty in it. can't delight in captain phasma unanswered queries about snow. super fans may he's a sadistic, undermining jokes. those parts. [Music], Pizza boobies to the base in the tundra, snow. or maybe it's sand. so thanks. I was bothering me drinkin tea ships cuz they low one budget. beast, the battering ram cannon. that's the best that could come up with. bro, save spin. and they squeeze that first kiss in Luke in the game to pinch-hit like Kirk Gibson. and understated overkill does nothing to on. now, its model with model, it's the master beef stew. to see, back in the day, Ben was under Luke's instruction. a miscommunication caused resentment and destruction. now, roots. next move is hard to work, like a puppet. film. annotation, fighting beta to the dump. sunset, follow walking chandeliers. rail is the rubbles pose, says some bins. bromances in trouble. who owed upon the Falcon? time to set the new course. tilt down to the stable boy who also has the course, I think that means we all have it, even just spit. the not so hidden meaning is that Ryan Johnson's wrench. that was Star Wars, the last Jedi York convinces. recap reps. make sure you follow our Facebook's jump page. be nice to each other. we'll see you next time. whew. what's up guys. thanks for watching. did you want to see another recap, wrap through the box to the left, or to see another dope video with the box to the right? alright, time for the nightly routine of opening up, ready and watch people argue about this movie. where's my popcorn? 