before i begin, let me start by saying this is the story for nobodies who became famous performing acts nobody should have needed, like the kardashians. don't be mad at me, mama wrote that joke. those stars of our movie today are garfield. why don't you jump on a dress like a bavarian fruit cake? one blue brother. dr betts and ripley flav our. story begins with a single librarian who's about to have a close encounter with the supernatural, after which you will experience a serious truffle drop. burning hell. this says burning hell. and here we meet dr peter venkman, who enjoys conducting experiments where he shocks the truffles out of guys and tries to root for truffles on the girls big introductory stance, interrupting famous truffle hunt. but he's still gonna try. she's too young for you. this puke worthy. now into some brains. thank god. that's dr egon spangler, peter raygun, the faux intellectual equivalent of larry mo and curly. they all gathering to get boots on the ground of this supernatural crime scene, where venkmans say a bunch more misogynistic pole single librarian and make mama just look at him like this. so they go downstairs, where it looks like somebody done blow they covered mucus all over the card catalog. and they see this ghost who are obviously not an old bit. so they huddle together to determine if any of them can speak old british soul. feng man walks out and say something like, hi, i'm dick. i'm a peter. i mean, he would if he was being honest. and she pulls a galadriel, if galadriel's breath was stinky. so the students dropped some troubles of their own and curly shuffle right out. that later, the dean is packing their duds to ship them on their way, and he's like, we are defunding your groups project because you are looking raggedy and ain't doing [ __ ]. so the nickname peter convinces ray that it's in peter's best interest to borrow money on the home his parents left him. because we all know ghost hunting is all about them big bucks. and you gotta have money to make their equipment to zap them ghosts in their big bucks. so they buy a dilapidated, old firehouse from mrs roszini, an old hooptie hurts they can barely roll. and a high secretary named janine who asks lee gun, do you have any hobbies? and he's like, i collect sparse molds and truffles. meanwhile, this lady, dana, sees a commercial for the newly incorporated ghostbusters, and ray's like, are you troubled by the sounds of two uglies bumping uglies in the middle of the night? any guns? like, do you fear what's hiding under your bed, so you turn off the lights and run to your bed so fast you can change your name to flo joe. and then peter's like, do you got some young, hot ghosts in need of some truffling? we're ready to believe you. and guess who? need to call the ghostbusters. so she calls the ghostbusters, where rey's doing his damnedest to make a real ride out of that hoopty. and the dick is alert, so they interrogate dana and hook her up to a lie detector thingy, like she's greg faka and the roast is a little red for her taste. i mean, they literally said in a commercial we're ready to believe you. then you're trying to tell them you've seen a zulu in your fridge, and they like, we don't believe you. and every time my mama see this scene, she just look at them like this. and then back in her apartment, she's like, what the [ __ ] you doing now now? and he's like, something perfect with my stick. and she's like, keep your hand down your pants long enough and someday you might become mayor of new york. so in the kitchen, peter checks out the eggs, looks in the fridge, but he don't find no zoo. and she's like, either i got a monster in my kitchen, or i'm completely crazy. oh girl, you got a monster in your kitchen. you looking at him. poor woman already had to defeat an alien, now she's dealing with a predator. so just as they're on the verge of the economic status we in the south call no pot to piss in and no window to throw it out of, they get a call work a poll and drive their hooptie hearse to the scene of the sedgwick hotel, where they walk in looking like they done feed the clothes and equipment right off some homeless astronauts. while there, they almost nuke a maid, bring down a chandelier better than the phantom, and encounter and capture a big green booger ghost. so i'm not sure if people are suddenly feeling okay telling people they think they saw something that might otherwise make folks think they've been taking a magic carpet ride, or if all the ghosts been hiding all this time because they was trying to be polite. but whatever the [ __ ] is going on, business is booming. and of course, the two people who always argue start to like each other into winston. then peter say something sexy janine to make mama look at him like this. and because this is the reagan era, the epa are the bad guys. back in her apartment, dana gets attacked by some from the pet cemetery. then dana's nerdy neighbor, lewis, gets attacked by the twin of the undead dog. so peter shows up for his date with dana, and apparently there's some dirty thing about keys and locks and doing the nasty. and even though peter says he's the key master, so he can get into her house, he's not the key message she looking for lewis is. so what would have happened if they had done the bumping the night and zoo found out peter lied, pissed on his leg ate his face bit off? peter speeder? i mean, he might deserve for showing up for a date with sedatives. oh, mama, look at him like this. so the epa is back to tell the ghostbusters that's kind of illegal to own nuclear accelerators, and it's inhumane to store the undead in tupperware and egon. tries to explain the dangers of shutting down the protection grid, but they make them do it any old way. and now there will be hell to pay. and ghosts gonna roam the city all damn day. and they go to the poke, while lewis and dana go to town. you thought i was gonna say, do the poker, didn't you? and to make a long story short, lewis and dana's apartment building is where everything's been going down, including louis and dana. and then this thing right here. i know if i don't mention it, all hell will rain down upon me. so what's going on here is, peter says, yes, it's true. this man has no and then, cause the epa got mr pekka, and they all go catastrophizing about how, if they don't let them out of jail, murphy is chilling. don't let me go, murph our pets heads will be falling off. and this is what makes star wars sequels. and that last one sounds worse than being inside satan's [ __ ], inside a fiery pit, inside the gates of hell. and the archbishop is like, yeah. so he gives them a get yo inside of jail free card and an army bigger than the one on capitol hill. and as is the case with any good catastrophe, everybody got to come out and watch it. and then they start screaming, and then they keep screaming, and then they almost die, and then they don't. finally, after they trudge they mushy butts up 21 flights of stairs, they encounter ziggy stardust, who goes straight up palpatine. and this goes in the form of a sexy thing, tells them it's time to pick they destroy. and ray chooses something innocent and cutesy, because apparently he ain't never seen night of the leapers. anything adorable when in lodge can become some seriously freaky [ __ ]. so egon tells them the best way to defeat this blubber butt parker is to cross the streams of their proton packs, which he earlier told them they should never do, which i should have mentioned earlier, but i didn't feel like it. so pretend i'm a marshmallow man and eat me. then there's a big boom, boom. and that dumb somebody gets creamed, it's that dirty. and then the woman gets rescued by the name peter, and they look like they in love. and mama is seriously looking at this movie like this. now they're all heroes, and, according to the beginning of the sequel, apparently also unemployed the end. thank you to these special marshmallowy muffins for the monthly contributions to myth star kitten. isabelle disney, chris oh dan w davis, c whiskey, neddy j gabriella c brian g, john k, maria t college e, donny b ross, grays, fake cat, sylvia, kelly s bethany c, carl s, david m christine k o n molina s kelly l ptf j, melanie m anonymous. bh, allison l autumn, mim grady. o, carrie, j and a b, evil, katrina, a and cheryl and g. four movies explained. fall. i'm jeb i die. i ain't afraid no ghosts stop craving up on me. mama, 