[Music]. recently, I released a video that ranked the Marvel movies from best to worst. it was a monumental task that required me to watch all of the MCU films in chronological order twice to get a true idea of their standing. having seen infinity war and then rewatching door Ragnarok with the pre knowledge of how it lays into continuity, there were several similarities with Thanos that I noticed in regards to the initial invasion across the cosmos by Odin and Heller. having scoured the internet, I found that several other Marvel fans had noticed these similarities too, and had drawn conclusions as to what happened when Odin originally waged war against the galaxy. and whilst the theories have not been confirmed by the creators, they make a hell of a lot of sense. throughout this video, I will be discussing those fan theories and my own to highlight why I think old initially attempted to use the Infinity stones to conquer the universe, but unlike Thanos, he was unable to commit fully to the task. there will be huge spoilers here for infinity war and Thor Ragnarok. so if you haven't seen those two films, then I highly recommend that you give this a Miss for now. without the way, I'm definition, and this is my infinity war Odin fan. throughout Thor Ragnarok, we get confirmation that prior to Thor's birth, his father, Odin, was a violent and evil Conqueror. with the help of his daughter Heller, Odin ravaged the universe and waged war on all who opposed him. we are given the backstory that at some point, Odin had a change of heart and decided to lock Heller away in hell until his demise. the following by our editor, blew bonus, discusses the theory in folding. years and years ago, old and learned about the Infinity stones through his father, Paul, who was responsible for taking the reality stone from the Dark Elves. after his death, an old and subsequent rise to power, he, with hella outside, began conquering all the realms in order to locate and claim the stones. Eldon found the space stone first, and this allowed old in Anna's armies to travel between realms and conquer them quickly. during this he commissioned his forces to create a device that would allow him to control all of the stones at will, the Infinity Gauntlet. they created the mold for it and gave one casting as a test fit for olden, complete with fake stones to give olden an idea of the grandeur the finish brought it. however, at this time, he discovered the whereabouts of this old stone and what was required of him to get it. he'd have to sacrifice that which he loved most, which at the time, was hella. he found he couldn't do it. and in that moment, golden stop being a conqueror and started being a king. hella didn't understand this change of heart. she knew what the Infinity stones were, because Odin specifically told her, and that's why they were conquering all of the realms. hella believed that power was more important than anything else. so she and Holden fought, and when Odin won, he imprisoned her in hell. as hell isn't meant for the living. this unnatural banishment may have caused the laws of life to break and be the reason that the prophecy of Ragnarok was a she did Odin then put the fake gauntlet in his treasure room as a reminder of both what he'd done and what he'd lost, he swore that he would protect all that he had conquered. thus Odin became Odin all-father, protector of the nine realms. Nadav Eliade, decommission the gauntlet mold and old and hid the space stone on Midgard. Odin almost definitely knew where the reality stone was, because Odin's father had it at one time. and if this fan theory is true, then he definitely knew where the soul stone was. he might have known where the power stone was. and he probably didn't know the time stone was already on Midgard, otherwise he likely wouldn't have risk two stones being in the same place at the same time. when Danis arrived on the scene and went to have Odin's forces forge of control for the stones, they used their previous knowledge of Odin's gauntlet to make one for Thanos. if this theory were true, then it explains how and why Odin was previously a conqueror and why he changed. it would also explain why there's a fake Infinity Gauntlet in Odin's treasure room, how Helen knows it's fake, how Helen knows what the tesseract is, why Odin and Halla four and white Alice's Infinity Gauntlet is basically the same as the fake Cortlandt had as god. this is the only real substantial conclusion that one can draw, and it seems the most legitimate. several other things to know, or that endure, the titular character mention that Odin was the one who sent him to earth, and with the Bifrost destroyed, he is unable to return. however, once the tesseract is back in the possession of Asgard at the end of Avengers, the Bifrost becomes fixed, which signifies that Odin was able to harness the power of the space stone within it, and two days prior knowledge of its usage, able to rebuild the buy from us. as with all fan theories, it's great to hear discussions from fans and experts alike. so if you have your own theories on this, please comment below and let me know. I'd love to hear from you. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content that analyzes film, comics, TV and games weekly. and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. I recently discussed the ending of Jurassic world, fallen Kingdom, as well as what direction I think the sequels were going. so make sure you check that out next or add it to you watch later list if you haven't seen the film yet. once again, thanks very much for taking the time out to watch this. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 