welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode one. if you manage to actually stay awake through it, you remember that season five of fear was maybe the worst season of television ever. but the season six premiere was actually kinda good, so fingers crossed were back on track. at the end of last season, our group had to finally give in and ask virginia and her generically evil gang for their help. she split our group up among her different colonies. but was gonna kill morgan, but, oh, failed. he was shot in the chest though, bleeding out, with zombies closing in. did morgan survive? we start off the episode though with a new character, a cowboy eating beans. when a dude walks in who needs help, it's like, hey man, i got your back. he gives him a nice speech about beans, but then his bloodhound comes. it's like, hey, that's the dog that's been chasing me? yeah, i know. it's my dog. oh, axe decapitation. yeah. this dude's a badass bounty hunter. he was hired to get some mystery key that this guy had. but now he gets called from virginia. hey, i got a job for you. i don't know if he's alive or dead, but track down morgan jones. turns out morgan is alive, except, oh, his eyes are super bloodshot. and i guess a month has passed because he's grown out an epic beard. he's still hiding out from virginia's rangers, and he's got a weird new power. zombies don't want to eat him, apparently, because he's dying from his gunshot wound. it's gone necrotic. he smells like death. he's got a nice home base and a water tower now. and he writes the coordinates on his bag in case, i guess, he forgets, but then finds a working gps system. as he's walking around town, he happens to find a baby crib with a horse carousel mobile on it. this, of course, reminds him of his new crush, grace. they fell in love while riding the carousel, and she is pregnant, though not with morgan's baby, apparently, with the dude she worked with at the nuclear power plant before he died. anyway, morgan makes a new friend, a nice dude named isaac. and when the bounty hunter comes looking for morgan, isaac covers for him. he doesn't believe him and searches the store himself, but doesn't find morgan because he was passed out in the back alley. they go back to morgan's water tower, and isaac needs his help. see, he's got a pregnant wife, and that's why he went out to get baby supplies. but she's in a place surrounded by zombies. he needs morgan to help clear it. isaac used to actually be one of virginia's rangers, but he saw morgan's group's psa tapes about how they help people, and it's like, yeah, man, i need your help. just then, though, bounty hunter's back and knocks over the water tower. morgan does have a gun, but bounty hunter's like, hey man, we've all seen your video. i know you don't kill people, so i'm just gonna call your bluff. morgan does shoot him in the arm, though, and that's enough for them to get away for now. by the way, there's still the mystery of how morgan survived. apparently some random new character found him, patched him up and left him a note like, hey, you still got things to do, so watch out for that. but for now, ice can morgan make it to where his wife's holed up in a dam, reminding us all of how good the show was in season three. it's like, yo, there's way too many zombies to fight, but with your new stinky death power, you can sneak right through him get the supplies to her. this goes well for a minute, until morgan is, i guess, overcome with exhaustion, collapses, which draws the zombie's attention. and, oh, they're gonna have to fight after all. luckily, moments after collapsing, morgan gets his second wind, i guess, and goes on an epic one-armed zombie-killing spree. yeah, i guess there weren't too many to take on after all. so isaac makes it back to his pregnant wife, who's hiding out in the ruins of this town that was buried under the lake. but now that the dam's broken, the lake's gone and the town ruins are here again. it's like, yo, morgan, we should find your friends and start a new settlement here. it's a nice protected valley, and on the map it looks like a lake, so virginia won't find it. but morgan's like, nah, man, i'm dying of my wound. anyway, it's your job to find my friends and start a new life here. so when the bounty hunter tracks him down, morgan's gonna sacrifice himself so isaac and his family can live. but what's this? oh, isaac joins the fight. it's like, morgan, you can't sacrifice myself for me because i'm bit yeah, i'm gonna die. i need you to live and take care of my family. so morgan and bounty hunter fight, stick vs axe. it looks like axe is gonna win, but oh, stick is pretty strong. morgan manages to knock him off his feet, and i'll stab the guy in the shoulder, pinning him to the ground. but it's like, yo, morgan, i'm still gonna get you eventually, because you won't kill me. but morgan's holding this guy's axe and, oh, decapitates him. morgan's whole character arc, starting back in the walking dead prime, has been flip-flopping between cold-blooded killer and no killing pacifist. it's been exhausting because it's like, hey, man, there's an easy solution here. just kill sometimes if you have to. and it looks like morgan's finally figured that out. so the next day, morgan's all patched up. i guess his deadly, infected necrotic wound is gonna be okay. isaac's wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl, and they're naming her morgan, after her new godfather. yes, isaac died of a zombie bite. so taking care of his new goddaughter is giving morgan a reason to live. when a zombie wanders up, morgan grabs his stick to kill it, but has a better idea, cause this guy's giant axe is laying around. yeah, morgan's not a stick guy anymore. he's an axe guy. so when our current villain, virginia, expects to find morgan's head, instead, she finds the bounty hunter's head, it's like, yo, morgan, i thought you don't kill people. but he's got a message for her. morgan jones is dead. yes, morgan's got a whole new style now with the bounty hunter's hat and jacket, his awesome new beard. i'm all about it. but now, at the end of the episode, we meet some new characters who hired the bounty hunter to get that key in the first place that morgan now has. they spray painted the end is the beginning on. wait, what's this? a submarine? sure, why not? i'm excited to see where this goes, because this show can't possibly be worse than last season. and that's how the fear the walking dead, season 6 premiere comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button. i'm doing the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, hit the join button. support the channel as a member. 