today's flake was directed by pyeongchang min and was released in 2003. natural city is like the south korean version of blade runner, due to the movie being based on the same book. so at least it must be a fun watch. if you enjoy the video, please don't forget to like and subscribe. this video is just my personal opinion, and you should watch the film. you can find links to it in the description. natural city begins with a guy and a girl sitting down on a bench in front of a beautiful lake. behind the lake there are some castles and what looks like a flying city. while enjoying the beautiful view, a voice starts talking and tells them they have 3 minutes to return to their residence. the voice repeats that phrase like 10 times in the following minute. if that was annoying to me, imagine how it was for those guys. suddenly, the lake disappears. it was a simulation. they are in what seems to be an airport. we see flashbacks of the life of the girl we saw in the first scene. she's in a laboratory and they're doing something to her. she has a chip implanted in her head. the credits are over, and now the girl is in front of her dad's grave. her dad's last wish was to be buried with a cyborg. but she wasn't so happy with that. the scene ends and we are now inside a spaceship. cypern77, a cyborg that disappeared a year ago, has broken into the medical center with four of his cyborg friends. the medical center here is the place where all the human dna is stored. obviously, the guy from the lake is called r and he is part of the police that will try to regain the medical center from the cyborgs. it's important to say that cyborgs are shaped like humans. when r and his team enter the building, a cyborg suddenly appears from the water and attacks them. they shoot him several times until he's dead. to kill him, they need to destroy the chip he has on his head. so no headshot, no party. while the 10 man police force is trying to kill one cyborg, cyper n77 is inside the facility to steal some dna. the dna he needs is from someone called scion. he is trying to find a match, and he finally does as the police arrive. before arriving at the room where cyprus is stealing the files. there is a long, foggy corridor. how convenient. cyber begins to crawl through the mist, and out of nowhere, he she it whatever. a guy is dead. everyone is freaked out because they can't see. cyprus kills two or three more guys, and then he starts running. yes, he is a robot and he's very fast, but i can't believe how he was surrounded by 10 guys and still escaped so easily. while the police are having a bad time trying to catch sniper, r is at the building entrance, stealing the chip of one of the dead cyborgs and thinking about all the money he will win by selling it on the black market. cyper runs for his life. when he passes next war, he takes advantage of the situation and kills him. he was helpful, after all. after being the hero of the raid, he goes to see a guy that is creating a robot. r asks him if he can save ria. ria is a cyborg, and she will stop working soon. r fell in love with her. he wants to fix her so they can live together. so romantic, and so creepy as well. okay, now seems a good time to introduce the world. society is so technologically advanced that they make robots that can do the same activities as humans. these robots, or cyborgs, work as waiters, bankers, prostitutes and who knows what else. are may look like a weird guy, and maybe he is, but he's just as weird as everyone else. so getting back to the action, some random guy is trying to sell cypress body to an underground scientist, while cyprus suddenly comes back to life and kills the scientist. or goes to see his friend, dr jiro, and tells him he has some exciting news. it seems like dr jira was able to extract the chip of a cyborg's head, and then he implanted it into the head of a real human. so he created a cyborg, but with a human body. it's cheaper. now dr giro gives r a photo of a girl so he can implant rhea's chip into her body. this is the same girl that was disappointed because her father wanted to be buried with a cyborg. she's also the same girl whose dna matched cypress quest scion. scion met are in a restaurant, and she fell in love with him. she had like a fortune cookie, but in chopsticks. and she was trying to sell them to r. r took one. the chopstick had an inscription saying they would end up being together. on the bright side, you will end up marrying him. the problem is he will implant the mind of a robot into you. a small sacrifice to be with the man you love as if he was sherlock holmes. r finds sion and persuades her to see dr jiro. sion is sick and believes r is trying to help her. jiro is ready to start the surgery, but noma, our's boss, suddenly arrives. to make a cyborg, you need to have a license. so noma arrests dr jiro. ria has only a couple of days left before she stops working. but to fix her, jiro needs to be out of jail. r is not so happy with how things are going, so he decides to go ride his motorcycle with ria to let feelings loose. while riding the bike, he decides it's a good idea to pass by silence house by saying he passed by his house. i'm saying he passed through his house. luckily for him. it was a wooden house, so it was easier to pass through with his motorcycle. he then tells scion to meet him a day later so he can pay her back for destroying her house. the day of the meeting is the same day jiro is free again. it's also the day rhea expires. another tricky convenience. the day silent r have to meet sion rejects him due to having had a rough night. so she goes to her friend's house and sleeps a little bit. cyprus hacked the police security system, so he knows where scion is. sion is almost asleep when her friend suddenly falls dead to the ground. cyprus is now alone with sion, but the police arrive just as he is about to kidnap her. they start fighting, and as we've seen before, the police are under qualified for these situations. they're trying to get cyber, but he and his friend are challenging to kill. suddenly, someone throws a smoke grenade and takes sion with her. it was easy to assume that cypre took scion, but it was r he saved scion. i didn't see that coming. cool plot twist. noma is thinking about how bad the police are and how unfair it is they ever thought of firing him. while looking at the situation again, noma found out something interesting. cyber doctor, giro and scion have the same dna. so that means jiro transferred his consciousness to cyprus body. cyber is about to expire, so he needs a body with the same dna. r doesn't know about this, so he goes to take jiro from prison. he will finally make rio work again. while both are happily leaving the prison, noma arrives and kills jiro. poor r every time he's about to be happy, something happens. r gives sound the money he owed and explains that he wanted to use her body to save rhea. then leaves. i'm sure scion will have trust issues after that. sion is alone again, so she's an easy target to cyper. kidnapping her is like taking candy from a baby. he decides to take over the police headquarters. when he arrives at the police headquarters, he can reach the control center by pointing a gun at one of the main officers. there's nothing as easy and effective as that. while being there, he orders the officer to program all the fighting cyborgs with the police data. if the police can't deal with two cyborgs, imagine them fighting against dozen of them. this is gonna be an oil bath. get it blood bath. oil bad because the okay. in the meantime, our decides that the last couple of days have been rough, so it's time to take a vacation. he and ria are going to mayoga, the city of the beautiful lake we saw at the beginning of the movie. noma has called r a couple of times, begging him to join the police force so they can try to save the city. r doesn't answer. r is making an intelligent choice. it's obvious cyprus will defeat the police, so why go and risk your life when you can have a vacation in a beautiful city with your expired robot? r and ria are sitting on the same benches in the first scene, when he suddenly gets up and tells her he's going to buy the tickets. if he decides to save the city, i'll be very sad. maybe it's the right thing to do, but come on, porrea. back in the police headquarters, everything is a mess. the cyborgs are killing most of the cops that are in there. but noma has a secret weapon. he calls for air support. cypress friend, puts a time bomb in his body and starts running towards the helicopter. she runs down a hallway no more than 3 meters wide, and the helicopter has machine guns. easy job, right? not for these guys. the cyborg manages to avoid the bullets and jumps towards the helicopter at the exact moment of detonation. the explosion wasn't very big, so in the end, no policeman died. that seems like a victory to the police. to me. the bad news is there are so many cyborgs that it's impossible for the police to kill all of them. instead, they decide to activate the self-destruction mode. the headquarters will explode in 10 minutes. everyone starts to leave the facility, except for noma. he's entirely alone and must fight against dozens of cyborgs. noma starts killing all the cyborgs that are chasing him, but there are so many of them, it's evident he's gonna die. just as a cyborg is about to kill him, r arrives and saves him. sadly, r leaves noma to bleed to death and goes to chase after cypher. r arrives to the room and finds that scion is trapped in some kind of tank. while trying to do something, cypre hits r from behind. cyprus looks very comfortable fighting against r, who is bleeding on the floor. remember how i said r left noah bleeding to death? it was a joke. he was bleeding, but the injuries weren't too serious. nomad takes a shuriken, which i'm 101 certain is what you call those ninja stars. the sure can get stuck in cyprus hand. but the interesting thing is that it was a time bomb. cyber dies right after the explosion. noma is so injured that he falls dead to the ground. r is seriously injured too, so he lays on the floor as he watches nomad die, for real, this time. sheesh. after a few minutes on the floor, ar recovers and takes scion with him. the headquarters will explode in two minutes. they arrive at an emergency exit that looks like an elevator. r places sion on the elevator and asks her to find ria. i don't know if the elevator was too small or if he just wanted to die, but let's just say that he was a hero and sacrificed himself. sion leaves in the elevator while the building explodes, and r dies whilst everybody is dying in the police headquarters, ria is alone at the station. she was in the same simulation as the one we saw at the beginning of the movie. when the simulation ends, she realizes that r is trying to save the city, leaving her alone. this is way more emotional than i anticipated. she recollects all the memories she had with r and proceeds to remove the chip from her head. she is now dead, as r's final wish. sion goes to the station to find rhea. she finds her dead and says that ria at least had someone willing to die for her, something scion doesn't have. scion takes a picture of r and ria, as well as rhea's chip, and she buries them near her father's grave. rhea stares at the city as the movie ends. i hope you enjoyed this video. and if you do, please don't forget to hit the like and subscribe. button. please let me know if there's any movie you think i should do next. until the next one, 