if you like this video even one percent, smash like button and please help us to grow more. the nola holmes is the youngest sibling in the famous holmes family. she is a freewheeling, strong-willed and boundary-pushing young woman. she is extremely intelligent, observant and insightful, and she defies the social norms for women of the time. her mother, eudaria, has taught her everything from chess to jiu-jitsu. her mother also made her read every book in ferndell hall, their home, and was a big fan of word games. on the day of her 16th birthday, enola awakens to find her mother has disappeared, leaving only some birthday gifts. one day, anola meets her brothers, mycroft and sherlock, but they fail to recognize her at first, not having seen her in many years. sherlock finds her to be an intelligent girl, whereas mycroft finds her troublesome. as her legal guardian, mycroft intends to send her away to a finishing school run by the stern miss harrison. canola finds clues and money left by her mother and escapes disguised as a boy. also, she saw something fishy on this train. then morning, her brother saw anora escaped on the train. she finds the young vike count yookesberry, hidden in a travel bag. she thinks he is a fool, but warns him that the man in a brown bowler hat named linthorn is on the train searching for him. she that she saved him from that man was going to kill tewksbury. to escape. enola and tewksbury jump off the train together and flee to london, where they part ways. disguised as a proper victorian lady, she continues to trace her mother and leaves cryptic messages in the newspaper, personal advertisements for eudaria to find. as anola continues to search for her mother, linthorn tries to kill her, but she manages to set off explosives and escape. she decides that instead of continuing to search for her mother, she must first find tewksbury again to save him, because he can't defend himself. mycroft has employed inspector lestrade of scotland yard to track anola down. meanwhile, enola warns tewksbury and helps him escape, but is caught by lestrade and mike imprisons her in miss harrison's finishing school. sherlock visits her and admits he is impressed by her detective work. tewksbury sneaks into the school hidden in a wicker basket, and they escape together, stealing miss harrison's motor car. they reach a fork in the road, and rather than returning to london, enola decides they must go to tewksbury's home and face his uncle, who she has deduced was trying to kill him. the house is seemingly deserted, and linthorne attempts to shoot them, but they managed to overcome him. [Music]. tewksbury's grandmother is revealed as the real villain. she had his father killed and attempted to kill tewksbury, not wanting him to take his father's place in the house of lords and vote for the reform bill. the next day, he attends the vote for the reform act and casts the deciding vote. the act passes. he and anola exchange lovesick glances with each other, in part ways, vowing to see each other again. sherlock arrives at scotland yard, and lestrade asks him two questions firstly, how he managed to solve the case, and secondly, how his sister solved it. first, binola deciphers a message she finds in the newspaper, but deduces it was sent not by her mother, but by sherlock. at the meeting point, sherlock and mike croft eventually give up, while anola, disguised as a news boy, watches the nola leaves an old toy for sherlock to find. and despite knowing enola was there, he chooses not to look for her. enola returns home to find a surprise waiting for her, not sherlock or mycroft, but her mother, in the very flesh. eudaria confesses to her involvement in the women's suffrage movement and reveals that enola beat her to her own goal. mother and daughter rejoice in their reunion, but not for long. eudaria has to conceal her identity and go underground, leaving enola to her own devices. binola understands her mother's compulsion and vows to send her arises, coded messages, should the need arise. after her mother departs, inola affirms her empowerment and cycles away to glory 