listen. so Netflix made a sequel to all the boys I loved before by adding the words, PS, I love you, but I love it in the world of SEO. in order to not confuse people, they just superimposed sequel in the pollster. we had covered the first one, which I thought was kind of cute. but then our video got blocked in some places the same day Netflix came out with their recaps, so maybe you can't see it. sadly, the director, also from the first didn't come back, but luckily, she stayed on as producer after all of the obstacles they went through for the first and this time around, they got the cinematographer of dr. sleep Hillhouse, ouija to direct this movie. like, I know relationships are scary, but y'all think it's a horror movie. the dude did shoot the first to all the boys movies, so he is familiar with the production. but it is interesting to see him direct and still be the cinematographer for the movie. and he's pulling the same double duties for the third movie as well. so I don't know if this man got inspired by Roma, with Korn also shooting and directing, or if Netflix is out here buying bundle packs with their crew. by the way, the sequel doesn't add the level of charm that the first one did. and I can't say that it's better, but it at least tries to tackle what happens after the cliche happily ever after. but for every first I was having with him, he'd already had his with her. let me explain. so in the first day of pretending to be a couple, after all those letters were sent out to all the boy she loved before, but not least to her official going on their first date for the second time. it's actually a to fork restaurant. they give you the second one just in case. and Peter, still an idiot. look, I'ma be honest. ah, I personally don't care for these two. but my boy, John, you know who I am, someone I sent a love letter to. yeah. so on. Netflix is clearly trying to pull the old verses like they did with Twilight back in the day. their promo even went full epic Rap Battles. for some reason. they've got therapists involved now discussing this teen romance. and I'm completely John Ambrose, there is a breakup very well. I mean, like read the book. we know, you know, listen, John is out of you're volunteering on his free time, right? he also has that cute Halloween french toast flashback that he shares with her. he's got the double name that he got from Laura Jean because she was the only one who was calling him that back in the day. hell, if you go to the source in tat bill, with chapter 11, verse 32, she even admits that John Ambrose was perfect, but Peter got there first. I've never been a girlfriend before. I hope I'm good at it. Wow. y'all really need a y'all really need to stop watching those damn 80s movies. this girl always finds herself under contract with another dude, like she's worse than tick tock when it comes to permissions. every interview, you bring it back to me, those are my terms, don't you know? like the concept of deep throning the previous girl just so you can be the the sophomore girlfriend who may not even make it to junior year, I think is the goofiest thing. and to think it was your friend that you betrayed as well, Brad, she is allowed to be mad at you. maybe, you know, maybe, you and Peter do deserve each other. McClaren, dear everyone, you add that stutter, listen. okay, look, I need it. let me explain something. there are three ways to factor in when it comes to the pizza test. you can either take it, leave it, or split it. right now, if you're a parent, that means you're a giver. that means that you allow somebody else to get it. if you're in a caring relationship, then this is where that 50/50 thing comes in. well, they're supposed to be your better half, and y'all should always go splitsies. if not, then you got the third one, which is you being a piece of and you do whatever Peter Kavinsky does to slow that said, Laura Jean ain't too far behind. why didn't you tell McLaren that you and I are together? well, I wanted to. I tried to. there just never was a good time. yeah, there's usually not. when you're flirting. I'm telling you, look, Laura Jean switches up on you quicker than John Ambrose skintone. but if you ask me, is love blind? the answer is simple, obviously. if you read the books, you know that she's going to end up choosing herself. and that's been hinted at since Margo told her little sisters and never go to college with a boyfriend. but Laura was too busy. I and her boyfriend. before mom died, she said, I should never go to college with a boyfriend. all in love with herself, support relationship that you have is the one you have with yourself. that side. I thought the sister was still funny in this movie. the friend was great in color, out of spades. but if there's one character who needs to come back to the third it's clearly storm. no woman should be out in public with that look on her face. I go to its for its the demo that reads, Cosmo, and I guess he'd subway. Netflix, not BuzzFeed, but Netflix. even add the cast reviewing tik toks for promo. but in the end, it's really just a love story that's going to have Laura breaking more hearts than the love she thought she was giving before I actually shipped, launching the Peter and I should largely with John, I pick Peter. but also this question keeps me coming soon. thank you guys checking out this video. I'm cares know your thoughts down below. in the comment section. I don't know how the dad got more than Laura. would that happen in the sequel? again, I don't think it's better than the first, but if it was repeating the same things, then that would also suck. it's kind of got to be like that, that middle rocky chapter where, you know, all the movies, as we know, they always end with the happily ever after. and a lot of movies have covered what happens after the happily ever after, so it's not like this one's too original. I would say the best one is Shrek 2. you know, maybe another better happily ever after after movie than that one. let me know your thoughts on below, though, when it comes to this one, what you're hoping to see in the third if you like this one more than the first one, or vice versa, or anything else that you want me to cover, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. 