welcome back to movie on today, i'm going to explain the movie called the seasoning house from 2012. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. and i hope you enjoy it. at the beginning of the movie, we saw a girl named angel. she was coming out of a vent. she came outside and saw some men. those men were assaulting girls very badly. along with that, some other men were smoking weed, taking drugs and drinking alcohol. after that, we saw a scene from the past, and we found out the story of angel. she had a family of four members, but her dad left them because her mom and dad always had a fight with each other. after some time, the war began and the military started to kill everyone. not just that, they kidnapped the young girls and sold them to a guy named victor. victor had a business of prostitution. angel was one of those girls, and they killed her mom and sister in front of her eyes. the people from the military came to victor's brothel for free, but he takes money from the others. in the next scene, we saw that those girls were standing in front of him, and he told them to forget about their past lives, because from now on, they will never be able to go outside. and if anyone tries to get out of here, then he will kill them. after saying this, to give them an example, he called a girl to come closer to him, and suddenly he stabbed her throat with a knife, and she died. after seeing this, all the other girls became so scared and started to cry. victor's eyes fell on angel. she had a strange birthmark on her face. that's why victor didn't put her in prostitution, but he kept her with himself. viewers here, we found out that angel was actually a deaf girl. she couldn't hear or talk. victor made her the caretaker of the brothel. her job was to clean the girls before the customers arrived, and do their makeup. and then she had to give them drugs so that they could not hurt the customers. at night, angel opened the vent in her room and went to another room in a bathroom. and she would look for a way to get out of there. one day, angel went to a girl's room to feed her, and saw that the girl was dead because someone had assaulted her very badly. and then suddenly a man came there and dragged the dead body. this was the normal routine of this place here, people rape the girls like animals. one day, victor asked angel to go to the girls room and do their makeup because some customers were about to come. she went to the girls room, whose name was vanya. vanya realized that angel was a deaf girl, but still, she tried to talk to her because she knew sign language. after the customer left, angel once again came to vanya's room. she cleaned the blood from her face, and then they talked to each other. vanya told her that her father was also deaf, and that's why she knows sign language. angel remembered about her family after seeing vanya, because she hadn't talked to anyone since the day she got kidnapped. suddenly, angel felt that someone was coming, and that's why she left. at night, angel once again came to vanya's room through the vent because they were not able to talk openly. vanya asked her about the way out of this place, but angel told her that this is impossible because this place was locked from all sides. angel brought some chocolate for vanya and shared those chocolates with each other. but suddenly angel felt that someone was coming. that's why. she went back to her room through the vent. the next day, she went to her room once again to get her ready for another customer. she didn't want to give her drugs, but vanya forced her to give her the drugs, because she gets a little relief from the pain with the help of the drug angel gave her the drugs and left. but then she was watching vanya through the vent, a man was badly assaulting her. after that, once again, angel went to her room, and victor also came there. the man abused vanya so badly that her pelvis broke. victor called the doctor, and after the checkup, the doctor became so mad at victor and argued with him. but victor told him to take the money and treat her. that night, victor called angel to his room and gave her a master key. with this key, angel could open any doors of this house. he told her that, if you want, you can run away from here, but i know that you won't do that, because you're in love with me and you will never leave me. the next day, angel went to vanya's room to give her drugs. but vanya was so sick. bonya wanted to be free from this place. after saying this, both of them became emotional. suddenly, alexander came there and told angel to immediately give her the drugs. but angel didn't want to give her drugs because this would make her sicker. that's why she put the drug-loaded injection into her pocket and left. in the next scene, we saw that some military soldiers came there, and goran was their leader. goran was the one who led his team to angel city and killed everyone. and his team members were joseph, marco rodovin and ivan. joseph was goran's brother. then suddenly, goran saw angel, and he recognized her. goran asked victor that why did you keep her with you? victor told him that she's a good girl and she's the caretaker of this place. then goran asked his team members to go to the girls room and enjoy. and goran went to victor's office to talk to him. ivan went to vanya's room. ivan was like a monster. vanya started to cry after seeing him. ivan didn't show any mercy toward her and assaulted her badly. angel was watching this through the vent. angel couldn't control herself, and that's why she came out of the vent and stabbed ivan with a knife. ivan fell down to the floor. angel stabbed him multiple times with the knife, but ivan was not dying at all. ivan tried to stop her, but angel kept stabbing him with a knife, and at last he died. after that, she saw that vanya was also dead. there were so many noises and screams due to the fight between angel and ivan. therefore, goran and the other military broke the door, but before they could see angel, she went inside the vent. goran was so mad after seeing ivan like this, he asked victor about who did this. victor told him, i don't know. but then goran heard some sound behind the wall. and he followed the sound and went to the other girl's room. all the girls were in their room, but angel was not. goran realized that angel had done this. he became mad and killed the girl with his gun, and asked his team members to lock the whole building, and whenever you will find angel, kill her right then after that, goran and victor came downstairs, and they argued with each other. meanwhile, angel came out of the vent and started to open the main door with a master key. but the door didn't open. which means victor gave her a fake key to get her trust, so that she would never think of running away from him. once again, she went to the vent, but suddenly goran noticed her and he fired at her. luckily, this time angel was successful to run away from here. angel went to the first floor, and she was coming out of the vent, but then alexander found her and attacked her. angel injected the drug into alexander's body. after hearing the noise, goran and his other team members came there. but once again, angel went inside the vent. this time goran grabbed her leg. angel kicked him with her other leg and went inside. goran told one of his men named marco to get inside the vent with a gun, because marco was the skinniest amongst them. but angel threw a brick towards him, and he died as well. in the next scene, we saw that goran took out some smoke and an assault rifle from his car. they went to different rooms and put those smoke grenades into the vents. the whole building became full of smoke. with this chance, victor shot rodovan and killed him, because they had killed two of his girls, and they were destroying the building. goran and his brother joseph were the only survivors. goran came there after hearing the gunshot, but victor told him that angel had killed him. suddenly, goran noticed an open window, and angel went outside through this window. goran fired at her, but angel ran towards the forest. goran went after her with his brother and victor. after walking for a while, he told them to go in different directions. after running for a while, angel fell down and saw the dead bodies of the girls who died in the brothel. those dead bodies were totally rotten. angel went ahead, but then victor found her. he told her that he does not want to hurt her at all. he asked her to give him the knife. angel trusted him and gave him the knife. but then victor got her and started to beat her. goran and joseph came there. victor asked him to spare his life in exchange for angel, and told him to give him 50 percent of his profit. goran agreed with him, and all of them dropped their guns on the ground. but angel took the knife from victor's belt and stabbed him in his leg. and ran away from there. because of the stab from the knife. victor, by mistake, pulled the trigger, and the bullet hit joseph and he died. goran was so mad to see his brother die in front of his eyes, he fired at victor multiple times and killed him. angel ran to a house, and a lady opened the door. when she opened the door, angel fainted. and we saw that the woman cleaned her body and stitched all the wounds in her body. when angel woke up, she saw a photo in the room, and we found out that this woman was ivan's wife. her name was lexie. suddenly, lexi received a call from goran and he told her about angel. lexi realized that she was angel, and she tried to attack her with a knife. but angel hit her in the head multiple times with a piggy bank, and she died. goran came there, and angel ran away. from there. goran went after her. and angel went to a factory. goran asked all the workers to go outside and ask them to lock the door. meanwhile, angel went inside a pipe. and goran also went after her through the pipe. but the pipe was not straight. it was too small for gorham to go through it. after going for a while, goran got stuck inside the pipe, and he was not able to move at all. angel saw this and went closer to him. goran requested her to help him, and in exchange, he was ready to do anything for her. but angel smiled at him and put a piece of cloth in his mouth so that no one heard his scream. then she did the makeup of him with her own blood, just like she did with the girls in the brothel. angel left goran to die inside the pipe. while running, she fell onto an old lady. and the lady took her home since she was so sick. then we saw her husband, and he was the doctor who came to the brothel to treat vanya. the doctor recognized angel, and this was the ending of this movie. with the ending, we realized that angel is safe now because all of them had died who hurt her. to watch more explanations of these kinds of movies, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's video in the comments down below. and at last, i will say, stay safe. stay well. thanks. 