welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about that's my boy. in 1984, donnie burger's middle school teacher, mary mcgarrickel, begins a sexual relationship with him. when this relationship is discovered, she is sentenced to the maximum sentence of 30 years in prison. she is later revealed to be pregnant. custody of the unborn child is awarded to dani's abusive father until dani turns 18 and can assume full custody 28 years later. in 2012, dani is a broke, alcoholic slacker who spends his time with his friends, bartender brie and her stripper mother, champale. dani is now estranged from his son, who, embarrassed by his parents scandalous past and dani's continued immaturity, has changed his name to todd peterson to avoid discovery of his parentage. now a successful businessman, todd has recently arrived at the cape cod house of his boss, where he is to marry his fiancee, jamie. donny learns from his lawyer, jim nance, that he owes 43 000 to the irs and back taxes, and will be imprisoned for three years if he doesn't repay the money by the end of the weekend. however, nance has him place a 20 bet on an 8 000 to 1 runner in the following monday's boston marathon. in spite of this, dani realizes that he may need a back-up plan should the runner lose. he visits television producer randall morgan, who had produced shows for dani during his brief period of celebrity. and morgan offers him fifty thousand dollars if he can organize a reunion with ty and mary mcgarrickel at the women's prison. [Music], arrives at cape cod to try to convince todd to participate. todd had previously told people his parents were dead, so he introduces dani as an old friend. donny quickly becomes well liked by the others at the expense of todd's popularity, without revealing that it is for a television show. dani tries to convince todd to see his mother at the women's prison. todd refuses. todd fights constantly with dani about dani's immaturity. dani admits he was young and didn't know how to be a father since his own never taught him how. todd eventually comes to imitate his father's reckless behavior, including engaging in a fight with father mcnally, canceling the church rehearsal before jamie's family could blame todd. dani saves him by convincing his future in-laws to have the wedding rehearsal away from churches. as todd is still grieving the death of his father, dani joins todd and his friends at todd's bachelor party, a relaxing day at a spa. however, dani convinces the guys to attend a strip club. over the course of the night, todd eventually agrees to meet his mother at the women's prison. dani tries to stop the meeting, knowing a television crew will be there, but todd goes anyway. mary, donnie and todd are ambushed by a television crew, forcing a disgusted tod to leave without signing a release form, leaving dani without any money. dani overhears jamie on the phone with todd's boss, steve spiru. the conversation implies they have been sleeping together behind todd's back. he tries to warn todd. but jamie comes up with a convincing cover story that fools todd. later, donnie discovers jamie having sex with her brother chad in a hotel room. realizing that she could lose todd if dany tells him about her sexual affair with both chad and steve, she gives him a 50 000 check in order to keep him quiet. despite jamie's hush money, donny's actions begin to weigh heavily on his conscience, and he realizes he has to stop the wedding. with help from his best friend from his celebrity days, they make it to the wedding in time. dani reveals he is todd's father, rips up jamie's check and forces her to admit her adulterous and incestuous actions behind todd's back. todd, disgusted, breaks up with jaime and accepts dani as his father, reclaiming his birth name of han solo burger. the following day, at the strip club, han reveals he is dating brie and offers donnie the money to pay for his unpaid taxes. dani turns down the offer, accepting it's time for him to take responsibility for his actions. he prepares to go to prison to rekindle his relationship with mary after his sentence is over. but the bet he placed on the marathon wins him 160 000, satisfying the irs, keeping him out of prison. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. you 