[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and if the ending of euphoria laughter you dazed and confused, then prepare to trip out on my theory for what happened in the finale of the show. whether it was music to your ears, or had you afraid that Roux went on a relapse, the closing scenes left a lot to unpack from them. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down exactly what I think happened at the end of episode 8, and salt the earth behind you, and giving my theory on whether rue is alive or not. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen you for you yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of euphoria. season 1. euphoria mainly follows rue and Jules, who probably had one of the most fleshed out relationships that we've seen on our televisions for a good couple of years. especially with the series just being a depa Souls long. there's a lot of other characters to talk about at the end, but for this video, I just want to focus on those two people and what happens to them in the season finale. ruined Jules, in the end, come up with a plan to up and move sticks and flee to a nearby town to get away from their life. however, in what is a really heartbreaking moment, rue backs out a bit last-minute and decides to not step on the train with Jules because she sees that she can't leave her family. ruse family have already been through a lot, and after losing her father, I believe that she takes responsibility for her actions and realizes that this would only add more devastation to their mystery. and now she doesn't want to be there, she realizes that she has to. in addition to this, I also think rue finally realizes that in her relationship with Jules, there comes a lot of toxicity, and she must break away from this cycle. in removing Jules, she will actually be able to finally focus fully on her family. though that doesn't mean that she's fully gotten rid of all of it. this devolves into her walking home crying, and we get flashes of some of her happiest and ugliest memories. we finally learn that Rouge red hoodie actually belonged to her father, and that everything that has happened to her has pretty much been driven by his death. I'm sure many of you watching this have been in similar situations when losing someone, where you hold on to some item of clothing or object that the deceased person owned as a way to remember them and hopefully keep them in your life. with the death of a loved one, there's always one of two ways you can go. either it strengthens you, or we can see you. and unfortunately, we see in the clothes that rue goes with, the latter, breaking her sobriety and relapsing. from here, we get a music video set to the song all of us by labyrinth, which zendaya herself sings. it's a really haunting piece that indicates several things about the character. the feeling of being high can often leave you thinking that you were in a music video, and somehow things around you may not quite be reality. which it becomes clear that rooh is experiencing. reddit user, you look so sexy, Lisa, I don't make the names up, said the following, when discussing ruse experience of this, I doubt rude pretty much all of the time. she's an unreliable narrator. but rather than as a writing prop I think she's unreliable because she's an addict. and addicts Elias sauce. I'm one. but I think in that moment when she relapses, we see the euphoria she experiences. her dad is alive. she's loving on the family is singing and you're dancing, and there's a choir. personally, I don't hear a choir when I'm effed up. but I am 100% a star in my own music video. so I think that's rather accurate. I thought it was an insanely in a bit of way to betray the feeling of a high. so it seems like though she is treating this like a reality. it doesn't mean that this is how it's playing out. but the finale of the video, the people around her in the song form a hill with one another, which real climbs up and jumps into the sky from waltz. have seen a large handful of people take this as meaning that the characters overdosed, and this was her brain living out of fantasy. which is backed up by the fact that during the video she hooks her family as if to say goodbye. the lyrics of the song itself indicates something different, which comes in the line, into that good night, which is a reference of the poem, do not go gentle into that good night, which I'm sure many of you have heard. those who know the poem will understand that it's actually about fighting against death, which I think this ending actually summarizes. rue escapes from the darkness and into the light, which to me, sums up that the relapse has helped the clear hair slightly of all her troubles in life, and she will attack things from a new perspective. in regards to her family, I get the feeling that she's forgiven them. and in the end, her choice of them over jewels signifies to me that she is now moving on completely and away from that toxic situation. that doesn't mean life is easy, though, and similar to the rest of us, who still makes mistakes and has to battle her addiction, even when she's taking a positive step forward. which solidifies just how complex that euphoria is. even when we're moving forward, there are still things that can pull us off track. and one moment of weakness can undo months of hard work, which happens in the case of rue. there's also the fact that zendaya recently posted on Twitter that she just got the call from HBO that the show was being renewed. so it seems that they are indeed keeping her around and in the loop, which cements my theory. this is due to be released in 2020, and I believe it will pick up with ruh coming down from this high and potentially backtracking on her stance on jewels, similar to the way that she backtracked on her sobriety. however, the second season will focus on her recognizing in her sob that this is still wrong, and therefore moving on from it. but without the relapse, there's obviously a lot to unpack from the show. and even without Roos, season 2 is set up to be something special. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the finale. and if you think Bru is alive or dead, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the recent eight minutes of it, chapter 2, that was released in cinemas over the weekend. it covers everything you need to know about the scene. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there. after this. I also just want to let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on euphoria in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray be shipped out from then. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definitions. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 