welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and the Terminator franchise is back with the release of Dark fate, dropping in the UK. today. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the new film, as well as its ending. we're also going to be discussing whether this is the franchise's salvation, or if it's given it a dark fate. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen the film yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of terminator, dark fate. okay, so for the guy that said he hated that alien three killed off mutant Hicks because it crapped on the franchise, James Cameron, she likes to contradict himself. this is because dark fade opens with John Connor being murdered with the shotgun at a beach bar in Guatemala, right in front of Sarah. it's quite a big slap in the face. and for someone that's been waiting for a supposed real sequel, to terminate a - for almost 30 years. this really annoyed me. it's cheap, out the blue and doesn't feel like a proper send-off for a character that we've come to love. now it is revealed in the film that Skynet was destroyed and that Sarah and John did manage to stop Judgment Day. however, before its collapse, Skynet sent back several terminators, and this one had been hunting John for a while, eventually catching up to him there. the future has changed, though, and in place of Skynet, a new AI has risen known as Legion. that is an anti-terrorist program. in the future, it causes an electronic blackout worldwide and then wipes out the majority of humanity with nukes, before hunting the rest with terminators. future leader of the resistance, danny, has sent back one of her closest friends, Grace, and enhanced human to protect her. and whilst all of this is revealed later in the movie, I thought I'd drop it here just to set the stage for what's to come. now, after the John Connor death scene, we cut to Danny and a family in present-day. after going to work with her brother, a new terminator known as the red nine, lands in her apartment block, kills her father, takes his form and then travels to where she works to assassinate her. the Rev nine is different from the normal kind of terminator because it's actually comprised of two parts, a liquid shell that can move, create weapons and morph, and a solid skull in structure beneath that, similar to the t800. it also has far more emotional range than the typical machine, and can interact with people on a human level, making it far better at infiltration. grace intercepts the Terminator and with Danny and her brother, they escape to a highway, with the Rev hot in pursuit. now this action scene really sets the pace for the movie. and whilst it's all stuff that we've seen before, when Sarah Connor returns to save the group, she really lights up the screen. and it's testament to Linda Hamilton's charisma of just how much she nails this role. the rev 9 manages to kill Danny's brother, but with the help of Conner, grace and Danny are able to commandeer her car and escape. we learn that grace has a very high metabolism that allows for short bursts of energy, which is perfect for tackling terminators, but in the long run, this can lead to prolonged fatigue and powerlessness. whenever the plot needs her to be out the way, Conner manages to catch up with them. and it's revealed that she knew about the Terminator coming for Danny because she receives encrypted text messages from an unknown source that informs her of coordinates that attacks will happen at. she trusts these because they're signed off for John. and after grace hacks her phone, she's able to determine the location of the texts, which also lines up with coordinates that she has tattooed on a body. this takes the group to Texas, and it's very much a game of cat and mouse the entire way, with the Rev 9 constantly one step behind them, using Danny's digital footprint a tracker across the border. we get an awesome scene at the border detainment camp. but ultimately, for me, this action felt a bit hollow due to the overuse of CGI in special effects that strip the scenes of any real gravitas. I don't know what it is, but I feel like the longer this series has gone on, the more that each version is try to invent a new, a cool, a terminator. and it just keeps trying to go up and up and up, when at its core, the original design is still the most intimidating one. just something about that cold, unfeeling machine stays with you. and giving it a personality, as we see with the rebbe 9, just takes away the horror element for me. now, eventually, the group get to the coordinates and discover the terminator that killed John all those years ago. he is now taken on the name call. and after completing his mission, he began to learn from humanity and decided to settle down with a girlfriend and her son. after becoming attached to the boy, he realized what he had taken from Sara, and due to his conscience, has decided to help her. yeah, it's another one of those that I think the audience will really struggle with, especially the die-hard fans. however, Arnold does a great job, at least of delivering the lines. and next to Linda Hamilton, he does have a positive influence in the film. even if some of the logic leaps sounds stupid. they decided the best way to kill the rebbe now, is to pile together as many weapons as they can and create a kill box. they also think that an EMP will come in handy, and Sarah calls on her military contacts to get one. this takes them to an airport base where the red line intercepts them. and after taking to the air, the group are brought down by the machine, which makes them crash land at a dam. even though they have no weapons or anything. and graces on our last legs, they decide that this is the best time to create the kill box. and in the machine room, they fight the rebbe nine. now, for some reason, the rebbe nine tries to barter with call, because they've been in each other's shoes, and he just wants the girl, and he let them go if they hand her over. yeah, it's, it's just really stupid and makes no sense. I dunno whites in the movie. anyway, they managed to destroy the rebbe 9 by throwing him into a hydro pump, which strips one layer of its skin. and grace sacrifices herself in order to allow Danny to pull her power cell out, which she jams into the Terminator. the Rev 9 tries to kill Danny, becaus steps in, grabs the Machine and pulls him down a pit, when they are both destroyed by the exploding Power Cell. in the end, Danny and Sarah set off together, and the movie closes with Danny looking over grace as a child, before Sara says that if she wants to save her, then she has to be ready. this kind of doesn't make sense, because she will still ultimately need to send her back, which he knows will lead to her death. but the to drive off together into the future, preparing for what's to come. there's no post-credit scene. and yep, another terrible Terminator film. but what did I think of dark fate overall, you may be wondering. well, yet again, it feels like another entry in the franchise that is frustrating at points due to its inability to really live up to its full potential. I went in with very low expectations and still ended up disappointed, which is just this is there. I no longer care about this series. this is the third attempt at new Terminator trilogy, and at this point it just seems like no studio can truly deliver a worthy successor to the first two films. there's a lot of logic leaps. and the things that really do my head in are that the rebbe 9 can split into two, but Riley does this during opportunities where it would be for there are several instances where I could have easily killed Danny had it separated, but the Machine refuses to do so because of reasons. there's also John Connors death, which, though I don't want to keep going on about it, it just really wrecked the film for me. it pretty much ruins Terminator and Terminator 2. and it also strips this film of any real importance. because if the savior of mankind can change, then what's the point in saving Danny? just let her die and another hero can pop up a no, James Cameron has said that Marvel movies are getting in the way of cinema, but I would much rather watch 22 more MCU films and have another Terminator movie that's this bad. I don't want to keep ripping into the film. so I will talk about some of the positives, though there were few. so Oni has always been a major factor in the Terminator franchise, making appearances in every film and some former under there since its inception. the true star of this film, though, is Linda Hamilton, who feels like the missing ingredient from the prior entries. she is by far the best part of the movie, and watching her blast through action scene to action scene is definitely the film's strong point. now, the movie does take several risks, both narrative Lee and character wise, relegating a couple of fan favorites in place of new ones. though the film achieves this in some respects. it also falls slightly sure with Natalie arias, who plays the new savior of mankind, looking pale in comparison to Hamilton when sharing the screen with her. now if you were worried that this movie would be too woke for its own good, then you'll be happy to know that I don't think the film forces its message on us. and though things like certain settings are clear comments on modern society, they aren't heavy-handed in a way that makes them I rollin lis bad terminate a Dark Fae is very much a turn your brain off movie. and it's sad that a film that is meant to be a direct sequel to one of the greatest action movies ever made, balls really flat. James Cameron at this point really can't be trusted when he boasts that every Terminator sequel is the true sequel. and here is another entry that I feel will be met with some disappointment. we now have a trilogy of failed Terminator trilogies, and it will be interesting to see where the franchise goes from now on. a surely they can't make another reboot. overall, terminator is a bad film in my eyes, and we as fans deserve far, much more. I wish that we could get Skylar to just go back in time and terminate everything after the second film. but as far as terminator sequels go, this is very underwhelming. I never thought I'd say it, but Terminator 3 actually wasn't that bad. and I'd much rather have that as the continuity than this one, because, wow, I just really disliked it. terminated dark fate gets a four out of ten. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on terminator dark fate. and if you agree with me or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it. and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's other big release at the lighthouse, which would be linked at the end. I go over everything that you need to know about the movie, as well as my interpretation of the ending. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 1 box out on blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be end with a chance of winning, it's like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Doc fate in the comments below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprise. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this I've been definition. you've been the best. let's see you next time. take care. peace. you. 