so yesterday we touched very briefly on lulu and his vision for music, which is his way of the game, and how this could stop her raka's escape plan. but we've only touched base on lulu's role this week. so we're gonna dive deeper into his character, look at his relationships, especially with kanan, his vision and a game-changing moment for his character. so we're gonna look at his part of the episode eight synopsis along with his story arc. so this is a spoiler warning. for those who actually don't want to know anything to do with episode 8 and the synopsis, this is your chance to turn off now. but for those of you who do then stick around till the end of this video, and you'll understand why lulu will want out of the game, even more so after episode 8. but for those of you are new to the channel, you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you don't see everything power book three, empower universe related. now, breaking down the synopsis is something i do on a saturday. but considering this is dope to be the biggest episode of the season, along with episode 10, we're gonna start one day early. we're gonna look at this part of the synopsis, which is lulu's part, and we're gonna tie this in with a story arc from the last episode, so we're able to paint the whole picture of why it's gonna be a game changing moment for lulu's character. so for his part of the synopsis, it reads, lulu finds himself caught in a crossfire. and i'm gonna break down the rest of the synopsis tomorrow, as usual in my previous predictions video. but lulu's gonna be caught in a crossfire. and he was warned by unique in episode seven that he was sorry for what was gonna happen next, because unique was gonna take down raquel and anyone who was standing beside her. and unique is definitely winning this war at this moment. he's the one with upper hand. and he sensed that he had the upper hand, hence why we saw him approach lulu to try and turn him. he made him an offer to try and join his organization, giving him the opportunity to continue his music as a side hustle. but we knew lou would never accept. but unique started to plant the seed in episode 6, where he told luda he was a lot more reasonable than rak. and last week, he approached lu, telling him that his organization could do with someone like him, because his skill sets would be useful in unique's organization. but lulu would have been crazy to trust unique if unique was capable of doing this to his own best friend. we grew up with tres g. just imagine what he would do to lulu if he ever wanted out the game. because we as the audience know that lulu's end game is to come out of the game and go into music. and on top of all of this, we've seen what unique's crew did to scrappy, ripping out one of his eye sockets and leaving him with one kidney. but of course, you can never say never in the world of power, because we've seen people turn before. but i don't think we'll ever see lou turning over to unique side. but coming back to this conversation, unique was very smart with how he approached this. he may have just wanted to find out the position of the thomas organization and whether or not they were gonna back down, which racket would never do. she's not someone who'd ever bowed down to anyone, especially not unique. we heard rack in episode one and how she said that she doesn't kneel to nobody, because once you're on your knees, it's damn near impossible to get back up on your feet. but unique had lulu's message loud and clear about what he thought of his proposal. and this is why we're going to see unico on the offense in episode 8. he's going to hit racquel in the thomas organization at a time where they're weak. yesterday i spoke about how racquel had issues across the board. she still doesn't have a connect. she has howard, who's pushing up on kanan, issues with the two brothers and issues with kanan himself. kenyan calls a lot of bodies to drop with his bad crack, nicole being one of them. marvin's hustling on the highway behind racquet's back because she's keeping him out of the game. and lulu's mind isn't even in the game. and this is going to cost him. this is where we're going to see lulu being caught in the crossfire when unique hits raqqa's house, or wherever they hit the thomas organization and who seems like he's going to be the one at the end of a hot one from unique, or someone from unique's crew. and this is going to be the game-changing moment for lou because the other day, i did mention it's going to take another d whis type of moment to really send him on his way out of the game. and this could well be the game changing moment where he thinks, enough is enough. i want out of the game. just like in power book 2 goldstar, we saw drew being shot towards the end of the first season, and how that's going to change him. i think he's going to be someone that's going to turn into a demon in the second season, and someone is going to be a lot more savage. but with ludo, i do feel it's going to have the opposite effect. he'd completely want out of the game, because he's made it clear before he doesn't want to end up dead or in jail. he wants to build his music business and live a normal life. and i do think we'll see lulu trying to live this normal life in season two. in season three, of how we saw ghost becoming a legit businessman for a short period of time. until the game pulled him back in. and this is something i'm sure is going to happen to lulu. we've already seen a glimpse of ziz's character description for season 2, where it seems that luna is going to be involved in trans record label a lot more in season 2. and no doubt, what happens in the next episode is going to be a huge turning point for his character. but we're going to see lulu struggle with who he is and the person that he wants to become, because they are two completely different people. and malcolm mays, who plays lulu, actually gave an interview where he said that we know lulu deeply cares about rak and jukebox and his family. he has a code for what he does. when you see him, you're gonna have empathy for him. 50 cent is really great about emphasizing that nobody liked his character kanan, until they realized he cared for tariq. and that's very insightful. so i do think we're going to see lulu struggle and have this concept battle with himself of who he is and who he wants to become, because he does care about his family. he cares about duke. he's raquel's right hand man for a reason. and although he fights with marvin, i'm sure he cares about him too. so as luis starts to struggle with who he is and who he wants to become, i do think eventually he will be pulled back into the game, because that's just what happens once you're in the game. it's damn near impossible to leave, especially because you have loved ones and family involved, just like how he mentioned in this interview. but one thing we haven't seen yet from lulu's side is him mentoring kanan. apart from one very small scene in the first episode, we've not seen anything of them together. we've not seen them having a single conversation, and we've not really seen the relationship that the two have. over the course of the first season. so far, we've seen kenan really build a relationship and bond with marvin, but nothing with lou. and 711 expanded on the point i made in my last video about the relationship between kanan and lulu, which he summed up perfectly right now, kainen is naive and clumsy. he's someone who makes mistakes and doesn't process things correctly, or quickly enough. and this is a representation of marvin, who we've seen in bond with throughout this season, with lou being the opposite, efficient, doing the job right, no games and straight up savage. and once kenan's character transitions into this mall similar to lulu's, we're gonna see him taking him under his wing and mentoring him a lot more. and this is a perfect way of summing up why we've not seen ken and lulu's relationship growing this season. i'm sure it's something that we'll see, because over the course of raising canaan, we'll see kanan taking fastest from his whole family. we'll see him taking parts of raquel, marvin and lulu. this season, he seems to be in the mould of marvin, but he will transition, season by season. and when we see him transition, maybe next season, this is when we could see him adopt lulu's ability to get done and get done right. and there's of course, the death of d whiz, which they could revisit at some point. it's a conversation we could see between cain and lulu. and let's not forget jukebox knows what happened. she referred to some secrets that kanan doesn't want to know about their family, and this is definitely one of them. what the other secrets are, who knows. she could even know about detective howard being his father, and probably even more secrets that we as the audience don't even know yet. but with cain and lou, i do wonder whether we'll see them ever talking about what happened with d whiz. and when we do eventually see them together and building this bond in relationship, this is something i do think we'll see in season two onwards, between the two characters. and i do feel we'll see this relationship built between the two. i mean, kanan obviously got his dress sent from lulu, and i'm sure he would have learned how to get done just like his uncle as well. in powerkin was straight or brutal. he was someone who got done and got done right. he never missed. the only thing he did miss was him laying his guard down with tariq, which was his eventual downfall. and again, just like other scenes that we've touched on in power, there, of course, will be many easter eggs and moments that they will drop when we do see lulu taking kanan under his wing, which would make us look at a few scenes back in power and make us realize, okay, this is why kanan did this. this is why kanan moved the way he moved in certain scenes. so i'm definitely looking forward to breaking those scenes down and seeing what kanan picks up from lou. but that's just a small rundown on a potential game changing moment for lou's character, based on his part of the synopsis. so let me know what you guys think down below in the comment section. do you think what happens to lou in episode 8 is going to push him to wanting out of the game even more than he already does? and what impact do you think is going to have on the thomas organization? i think this is something that will spring marvin into action and him showing us what he can really do, because raka's just been keeping him out of the game. but this is something i'm going to dive deeper on in tomorrow's video, in my previous predictions video, where i dissect the full synopsis just before episode 8. so drop all your thoughts down below in the comments section. and of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button if you want to see everything power book 3, empower universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 