hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm gonna show you science fiction action film the chappie. the capital city of South Africa is suffering from a skyrocketing crime rate, leading to its deployment of highly intelligent robotic Scouts to supplant the overwhelmed human police force and help preserve law and order. they're these autonomous androids are developed by a British scientist, David, who is praised for the success, but suffers envy from Vincent, the engineer in the same company, for a competing loose robot, which seems less intelligent and has to be remotely controlled by human at home. David keeps trying and creates an artificial intelligence program that can mimic a human mind to the point of feeling emotions and having opinions. but he is refused by the company CEO to test his AI program on a police robot, for it's useless to the weapon manufacturer. feeling disappointed, David decides to test his program on his own. he then steals the guard key to update the robots software. he then sneaks out with a recently damaged robot put into his van however, on his way home, he's kidnapped to a hideout by three criminals who threatened to kill him unless he programs to shut down the police robots for the cash truck in order to steal money, because they're in heavy debt of 20 million to a powerful gangster boss due to their mistake made during drug dealing. David reveals that there's no way to shut down the police robots, but instead, he offers to reprogram an intelligent robot to help them steal he then installs the new software into the damaged robot, which responds with childlike anxiety and fear upon powering up. the girl tries to babysit, the lovely robot. she teaches at words and gives it a baby named chappie. on the other side, Vincent tries to promote his new model robot to the police, who turned to be unwilling to deploy such heavy product to supplant the police force. suffering from this failure, Vincent intends to secretly update his model with the guard key, which is then found missing and used in a damaged robot. chappie observes the new environment like a child and even mimics the post from the cartoon show. he is then trained to steal by the impatient gangster, while the girl treats him as a child and wants to mother him. David even shows him a storybook, teaching him how to read and paint. but due to the impending deadline for the debt, the two try to train chappie to be a gangster by leaving him in a dangerous neighborhood to fend for himself. chappie is molested and wounded by a group of thugs. he manages to flee away from the brutal real world, all the way to a deserted hilltop, where the fearful and helpless champions followed up and captured by Vincent, who's coming for the guard key installed inside its body. Vincent's successfully extract the guard key and orders to disassembly chappie. but the traumatized chappie escapes and finds his way to the hideout. the girl scolds the gangster for mistreatment and tries to comfort her little baby. the next day, the gangsters tricked chappie into stealing for them by lying about the money needed to replace his dying battery. they then trained him in martial arts and weapon handy with everything set chappie his trick to believe that somebody has stolen their car. enraged by the thief's story, chappie storms up front, but breaks the car instead. the gangsters are upset by chappies misunderstanding, but have to keep leading him the right way, which turns to be very fruitful later. they soon get the bombs in exchange of stolen luxury cars, planning to explode the cash truck for huge money. the gangster tricks chappie to believe that they need more money to replace his irreplaceable and dying battery, which is given by David. knowing the truth, chabi challenges his father David for the reason. however, chappie endures a sudden unknown collapse. David has to take him back to the company laboratory to fix him, where Vincent has just uploaded a virus with a guard key, intending to sabotage and disable all robot Scouts deployed for the whole city, including chappie. with the city's criminals running rampant in the streets, the government has to deploy the most robots developed by Vincent, David soon locates and deletes the virus on chappie. after being restarted, chappie notices a helmet used to control mousse robot. he proposes to transfer his consciousness into a new body. although it's denied by David that consciousness cannot be copied like the computer. day. chappie would rather believe he can buy a new body with more money at the hideout. chappie re-engineers to allow him to transfer his consciousness into a computer. so the three gangsters trick him to rob the cash truck for the money to buy him a new body. meanwhile, David figures out the virus made by Vincent and want to challenge him. but with a robbery caught on the news, David has to rush to stop chappie, while Vincent seizes the chance to get the permit to terminate chappie with his moose robot. gangster boss also notices the successful robbery on the news, so he fights to the hideout, trying to collect his debt. at that moment, the Moose robot has also launched to the hideout to joint the battle and then kill most of people there, right before it's gonna assassinate David, chappies shows up and one a bomb Musa a chappie gets shot down, losses the bomb detonator, while David is mortally wounded and the girl gets killed. unfortunately, before moose robot is destroyed. finally, enraged by his mother's death, chappie drives David to the laboratory, storms into an office and fiercely beats Vincent close to death. he then transferred the dying David's consciousness into a spare robot through the mist control helmet. david wakes up in his robotic body, and in return, wirelessly transfers Chaffey's consciousness into a nearby disabled robot. the last minute before chappie dies of battery shortage, David and chappie are both reborn with new lives and go into hiding, as the robot police are later banned by the government. at the hideout, the dead girl is set for the funeral, but she soon reborn into a new body, implanted with a memory chip of her consciousness. mankind never thinks of the coming day they would be saved, even by the robots they've created. this is Daniel cc movie review. bye. 