the Little Stranger is a British horror that, due to studio neglect, may have flown under the radar for many. however, the film is fantastic and possesses an ending that leaves a lot to unpack. throughout this video, I will be discussing several plot details from The Little Stranger, so there will be heavy spoilers. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. the film follows dr. Farraday as he makes a visit to a dilapidated mansion named hundred's Hall. Farraday frequented the mansion as a child and became fascinated with it. as the movie goes on, the circumstances that surround the occupants of the mansion become more and more tragic, and we learn that Farraday himself is hiding a lot of aspects about his true nature. in the final shot of the film, we see the spectral image of a child Farraday hovering above his fatally wounded fiancee. committed suicide during the movie. many are unsure whether this was a real ghost or not. and whilst the Internet is awash with interpretations on what the final shot means. director lenny abrahamson cleared up his vision in a recent interview with Thrillist. Abrahamson stated that the film is a ghost story, but it's a ghost story in an older tradition. if you look at Dickens as ghost stories, there's an attempt to use the form to tell you something about people or the culture where it's from. what I'd found so compelling about what Sara the author did with the novel is that she'd used this ghost story idea to talk about the sorts of things that are in people that they desperately tried to suppress, and the effect that has on one's life. if there are destructive things, or longings, or regrets, or needs and fulfill that you suppress, then they will come out somehow to spite you. they will wreck the rest of your life. this definitely backs up Faraday's character or throughout the film. and during the movie, we watch him change from a mild-mannered man into a vengeful and hateful misogynist. when asked if there's a ghost in the house, Faraday said, there is a ghost, or there is a thing in the house, as will poulter says, in the character of rowdy, there's a thing in the house that hates us. Abrahamson stated that I think whether it hates them as a question you could ask, but I think there is a thing in the house. now, I don't believe in any such things in reality, but in the story world of this film, I think it's really important. there is some truth to it. but quite a long part of the film you can go, well, I don't know, maybe Faraday is right. maybe it's all in people's heads and it's an overactive imagination and stuff. but actually, I think as a part of the film where you just go, okay, there's no other explanation. but it's what that thing is, where it comes from and what it means that's ambiguous in the film. this is obviously a bit confusing. and when describing what he meant, Abrahamson stated that you go back to the tradition of the jekyll and hyde story. mr. Hyde, the monster, is all the bad bits of the person of dr. Jekyll. Faraday is someone who was so desperately longing for love and acceptance, but who doesn't know how to get it. he is unaware of the mr. Hyde it's some kind of version of his childish rage and longing. to me, this clears up a lot of ambiguity and leaves the final shot with a more concrete conclusion. in my opinion, the film's end signifies that we should be careful what we wish for, as it may come true. Faraday, in the end, gets what the child always wanted, which was the expansive house. however, he doesn't get the things that make a house a home. instead, he's left with the bricks and mortar, but he is still completely alone to inhabit it after pushing everyone else away. the piece leaves me to believe that we shouldn't act upon impulses I say can lead us down a dark path like the one that Faraday finds himself on. so what did you take from the little stranger? comment below and let me know. and make sure you check out the full interview with through a list linked in the description. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel, as I create content like this weekly. and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of make sure you check out my breakdown of the new Netflix film hold the dock, which will be linked at the end of this one. and thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 