Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2020 American science fiction action horror film called 'Underwater'. The film is directed by William Eubank. The story follows a group of employees on a drilling facility at the bottom of the ocean. While they are in the deep ocean waters, they come into contact with dangerous unidentified creatures, after the facility is destroyed by an earthquake. Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. A powerful earthquake strikes Kepler 822, a Tian Industries research and drilling station near the Mariana Trench's bottom. As the quake destroys parts of the facility, mechanical engineer Norah Price and her coworkers Rodrigo and Paul make their way to the escape pod bay. However, when the three arrive, they discover that all of the escape pods have already been released, with Captain Lucien being the only person in the vicinity. They arrive at a control base and discover scientist Emily Haversham and engineer Liam Smith, who are unable to communicate with the surface. Lucien proposes walking one mile across the ocean floor to Roebuck 641 and attempting to resurface from there using pressurised suits. Rodrigo's faulty helmet implodes under the water pressure as they descend in a freight elevator. Smith and Paul go to investigate when the remaining crew notices a distress beacon from one of the escape pods below. When they arrive, they discover a corpse in the ruins. A monster rises from the rear of the corpse and strikes. Smith dispatches the monster and brings it inside. Haversham studies the creature and discovers that it is a previously unknown species. The five navigate their way to the ocean floor, when Kepler bursts above them, nearly burying them in debris. Smith is injured, but Price and Lucien come to his aid. They pass via an access tunnel and arrive at an intermediate station, where they may charge and clean their suits. Smith's oxygen scrubber, on the other hand, has been severely damaged by the debris. Paul is ambushed by an unknown monster while passing via the access tunnel, pulled underwater, and murdered. Before leaving the access tunnel, the crew discovers that Smith's broken oxygen pod would cause him to suffocate from the poisonous gases of the explosion. Price, Lucien, and Haversham agree to assist Smith in walking since they do not want to leave another crew member behind. The four head out over the ocean floor, but Smith is dragged into a cave by a humanoid monster. Lucien frees Smith, but is separated from the other three. Price is pulled along with Lucien, but Lucien sacrifices himself to keep Price safe from the growing pressure disparity. Price finds herself alone at the abandoned Shepard station. She searches Lucien's locker and discovers a pentagram sketched on an old schematic of the original drilling location. Price is able to repair her broken diving suit before continuing on her way to Roebuck. She reunites with Haversham and Smith while walking down the ocean floor and assists in the drag of Smith. They try to slip past a nest of humanoid monsters dangling from the ceiling as they enter Roebuck. The animals are awakened by the sound of Haversham's oxygen alarm. Price gets half eaten by one of the creatures, but she frees herself by killing it with her flare pistol while inside its body. She launches another flare into the distance and discovers that the creatures are the offspring of an old gigantic entity known as Cthulhu. When the three get at the escape pod bay, Price learns that only two of the pods are operational. Price and Haversham load the sick Smith into a pod, and Price convinces Haversham to take the final one. In the meanwhile, Cthulhu appears and assaults the Roebuck, while the lesser monsters follow the two escape pods. Accepting her fate, Price causes an overcharge of the nuclear core of the Roebuck, leading in a huge explosion that destroys her, Cthulhu, and the monsters. The escape pods make it safely to the surface. Tian Industries has refused to cooperate with the inquiries into the events and is planning to extend its drilling activities. There is also an alternate ending, in which they overload the core. Price finds her way to the broken escape pod and rewires it, leaving just as the Roebuck explodes. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 