welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian season two, episode two. we begin where we left off on tatooine, mando and baby yoda speeding through the desert. you gotta watch out though, for random desert bandits with a rope. oh, speeder crash. baby yoda hitting the ground. he's gotta fight all these dudes off draftwa grab the gun, bam. but this one guy gets baby owed a hostage. and mando's like, whoa. don't hurt him. take whatever you want. this guy decides he wants mando's jet pack. cool. i mean, good choice, except mando still has the controls, so he turns it on and blasts this guy into the sky. yeah, don't mess with baby yoda. unfortunately, his speeder's busted, so it's a long walk back to mos eisley cantina. he meets back up with his mechanic friend, who's playing cards with a giant dad alien. turns out this ant alien knows someone who knows someone who knows where mandalorians are. it is a frog lady. she's carrying a backpack full of her eggs. she needs to passage one system over to where her husband is and it's him who's seen mandalorians there. but they can't just light speed going into hyperspace messes with her eggs. they need to take the slow way. while they're cruising. baby yoda's checking out these frog eggs. you know, he loves to eat frogs, and he loves the eggs too. oh, baby yoda. no, bad, baby yoda. those are like sentient creatures. that's not cool. i mean, it is a little funny, though. but they soon run into trouble. it's a couple new republic x-wings. this is basically a routine traffic stop. his transponders out. needs to get that fixed. but it's not broken. mendo has his transponder off because he is technically wanted. yeah. in episode 6 last season, when he did the prison break with the evil guardians of the galaxy, even though mando ended up being the good guy, it was very illegal. so it's kind of funny, as man was trying to talk his way out of a ticket, may the force be with you and also with you. but soon they realize something's up, so mando makes a run for it. he tries to lose him in the nearest planet, flying through the clouds, does the classic engine shut off. frog ladies going, whoa. then down into the ice trench. awesome chase scene. finally, mando loses on unfortunately, this ice not very stable, and oh, they fall down into it. the ship is pretty badly damaged. is baby yoda okay? oh, he's fine. he's just snacking on more eggs. no bad. amanda's like, yo, there's nothing we can do right now. it's nap time. but this frog lady won't have it. she reprograms the droid mando shot last season so she can talk through him. she's like, yo, my eggs are freezing out here. get your butt into gear, mister, and fulfill your part of the bargain. so mando gets to work fixing up the ship, but baby yoda comes out like, yo. frog lady took off into the cave. turns out she found an awesome hot spring. yeah, that's great for her. baby yoda tries to eat more of the eggs. it's like, please stop that. so dejected, he goes on a little walk. but turns out there's a bunch of eggs around here. hey, why not? time for breakfast. unfortunately, those are spider eggs. and, yeah, you can see where this is going. oh no. they're all hatching a little baby spiders. and not just baby spiders, but some bigger spiders and one big mama, giant alien ice spider monster. they run the hell out of there. the tone shifted real quick, on like a funny episode, into horror. the big mama's the biggest problem. so amanda pulls out some blast charges and, boom, explosion. oh, he got it. but there's still a million little babies. mando's picking them off one by one. mando, if it was ever the time to use your flamethrower, it is right now. they make it back to the ship, but there's still too many. oh, they're inside. he's gonna have to burn this whole ship and buy a new one. they finally make it to the cockpit. more flamethrower. yes, kill it with fire. luckily, he fixed the ship enough to get out of this cave. but, oh, big mama survived. tackles the ship. oh no. this thing's terrifying. but wait, what's this laser fire outside? oh, someone's taking out all the spiders. it is the new republic x-wings, here to save mando's butt. they're like, hey, man, we ran your place, saw you were involved in this prison break. so there's a warrant out for your arrest. but we read the whole report, saw that you prison broke one but actually put the other three away. plus when they killed that one guard, we saw the tapes, you tried to stop it. am i under arrest? technically you should be. but these are trying times. he's like, hey guys, thanks for being cool about it. you want to help me fix my ship? but they're like, yo, no, you're on your own for that. and x wings, peace out of there. so mando manages to get the ship fixed up, barely. frog ladies like yo, this little cute guy keeps staring at my eggs and licking his lips. i'm just gonna hold him tighter here, but baby yoda already grabbed one last snack. oh, what a little rascal. and that's how the episode comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 