in today's video, we will go through 2012's documentary crime movie, the imposter. spoilers ahead. you have been worn. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more. in 1994, 13 year old nicholas barkley, nick disappeared from san antonio, texas. that day of nick's disappearance, his mom, beverly, had sent him off to play basketball, and she told him to come home by dinner. but nick never arrived home. three years and four months later, in spain, police radioed chatters, and a couple informs the police about finding a small boy with no id and documentation. they asked the police to come and help him. the boy is sitting inside a phone booth when it's raining outside with thunder rumbling. soon the police siren wails. a police officer goes near him and asks him something in spanish, but the boy doesn't understand. he is taken to the station where they ask him questions about himself in spanish, but the boy remains silent. a police officer calls someone on the phone, and the boy is soon taken to a children's home. at the shelter, they ask him his name and address. he tells him that he is from america and expresses his desire to contact his family himself. he doesn't want his family to receive a call from the police or the prosecutor or the judge in spain. and due to the time difference between spain and america, he asks the officers to stay at the office that night and call his family early in the morning. but his real motive was to look for an american identity to steal that night, so that he can present it to the police the next day. he then calls several police stations in america, pretending to be the spanish police. he informs him of a lost boy who looks american. he then tells him that the boy's name and information are unknown. he does this to in turn receive information about missing boys from america, so that he can steal their identity. the american police ask him to contact the center for missing and exploited children. he then calls them and tells them the same thing. the lady there finds the details of nicholas barkley, nick, who has been missing for many years from san antonio. the boy then asks for a photo of nick and receives it through the facts at the office. he then decides to present himself as nick to the officers. the following day, the boy finds beverly's information and calls her, telling her that spanish police have found nick in linares, spain. beverly is beyond surprise and immediately calls her daughter, carrie. later, when carrie calls the boy, he pretends to be jonathan dorian from the children's shelter. he tells her that nick was abducted and abused, and he is hurt and traumatized and was found in the street. carrie promises nick that she would come to take him home. the following day, the fbi is notified about nick. a lady fbi officer immediately calls carrie and tells her that they have to interview nick as soon as he is brought back. the fbi coordinates with the us. embassy in spain about the matter. the morning, the imposter receives a package from the center of missing children with a fire of nick's description and a color photo of him. he looks at the photo and finds that he looks nothing like him. as nick was blonde with blue eyes. he burns the picture of nick. he soon hears that someone from the us. embassy is coming to get him. he doesn't know what to do, so he runs away from the children's shelter. the official from the u.s embassy coming to get him finds out and is ordered to find nick. the nick imposter tries to hitchhike a ride out of the town, but the official from the u.s embassy finds him. nick is then taken back to the shelter where the shelter director tells him that his sister carrie is on her way to spain from san antonio to get him. meanwhile, carrie gets on the plane to spain and lands in spain after some time. meanwhile, nick's imposter tries coloring his hair blonde. he also gets the tattoos that nick had, as mentioned in the file he received. carrie drives to the shelter with a u.s embassy official. carrie then calls him, and a little later, nick's imposter comes to meet her. when carrie sees him, she immediately hugs him and acknowledges him as her real brother. the imposter is relieved and tells her that he loves her. carrie shows the imposter some pictures of nick, narrating the photos she is showing the imposter doesn't talk much with her, but whispers in a new accent. later a legal meeting is held with the u.s embassy officials, police judge, carrie and the imposter of nick. the judge shows five pictures to the impostor and asks him to recognize the people in those pictures. those are the pictures carrie showed him earlier. he identifies most of the people in the picture, and the judge is convinced of him being nick. he is then declared a u.s citizen. that night, carrie and nick don't talk with each other much and go to sleep. as soon as carrie falls asleep, nick gets out of the room and thinks of running away, but abandons the plan in hopes of getting a chance to live his life to the fullest. the following day, carrie and the imposter go to the airport for a flight to the u.s. kerry looks at nick and sees him very cautious about getting on the flight. they get on the plane. everyone in the u.s is excited about carrie returning with nick. the impostor realizes that there is no going back now. when they arrive in the us. beverly picks them up at the airport. she realizes that nick has changed a lot, but she thinks about what he has been through and clears it as normal. the imposter, nick rarely speaks with anyone. beverly senses that he is feeling uneasy. they then drive home from the airport, and everyone is happy about nick's return. the next day, nick sees what he expected the us to be. he seems to be living his dream. he forgets his real identity and lives happily as nick. he gradually starts living a normal life. he has a typical routine. he spends time with his family. he goes for a drive with his nephew. he also spends time with his friends. the family doesn't ask about what happened to him when he disappeared. when the fbi doesn't hear from the family, when nick returns to the u.s, they decide to meet nick at the san antonio missing children's center to conduct their first interview. the purpose of that interview is to get his account of his kidnapping and his assistance in locating his abductors. the fbi officer notices changes in nick. he doesn't appear 16, has a shallow, dark beard and is nervous. the imposter looks pretty uncomfortable during the entire conversation, pretending to be nick. he tells her that he was abducted by some overseas military in a van and flown over to places he never knew of. he was then kept in a room with other children, and they were chloroformed. he also says that he was subjected to military sexual abuse every night. he describes a military man as american, mexican and european. he also adds that he was beaten and his arms and legs were broken, and he also faced a lot of torture. the military also put a solution in his eye that changed its color. he then explains how he was able to escape the imprisonment he was in spain after he escaped, and that was when the policeman found him. the fbi officer believes everything the impostor says. she thinks that he has experienced everything he said because of the detailed information he provides her. the imposter finally feels like he has won. everyone in the family believes that he is nick, and nobody is suspicious of him. some days later, a private investigator named charlie parker shows interest in nick's story. a television producer asks him to get nick's interview. the fbi is also supportive of nick being on tv. many television channels cover his story. charlie notices his eye and finds his eye color has changed. but he is peculiarly interested in his ears. he says that human ears are like their fingerprints. he uploads the image of his ear on the computer, and he finds that the ears were different from real nick. he initially thinks the imposter is a spy. he tries investigating the imposter. he calls the fbi office and tells her about his findings. she thinks, why would the family accept an imposter as their son or brother? meanwhile, nick goes to school for the first time on a school bus. he feels pleased about getting to go to an american school. he feels lucky about getting a second chance to live life again. on the other hand, charlie is sure about nick being an imposter. the fbi also starts digging into this case. they start with the forensic reports. the imposter is taken to a doctor, and the doctor analyzes his story. the doctor suspects that something is wrong with nick, as he doesn't see the physiological change in body posture, pupil size and heart rate while he is talking about his traumas. the doctor also notices his accent. he says that the impostor is not raised in an english-speaking home. immediately, the fbi officer notifies the family about the impostor and tells him not to take him home. but when they get back from the hospital, carrie is there to pick him up. the fbi allows the impostor to go to the family home temporarily. during the following days, charlie starts investigating around the neighborhood. he finds that the imposter, nick causes trouble and has arguments in the house, because of which the police often come to the house. when the fbi asks for a blood sample, beverly refuses. kerry also feels that they don't need to prove anything. the imposter feels that the family knows of him being an imposter, but they aren't doing anything. according to him, the family is also pretending to accept him as their real son, despite knowing that he is an imposter. while investigating, charlie finds out that nick's brother jason had reported nick trying to break into the house. after some months of his disappearance. charlie thinks that something happened to nick at his own house, and maybe he was killed there. soon the impostor also finds out about that. the imposter then cannot pretend to be nick anymore. the fbi is also onto him, and they send his prince to interpol. the imposter then gets very nervous. charlie continuously starts tailing him, and he is also on the constant watch of the fbi. one day, the imposter slits his face with a blade, thinking all his impersonating act is over. interpol also finds the truth and faxes the information to the fbi. charlie meets the imposter in a restaurant one day. he confronts him and asks him about the truth. meanwhile, the fbi receives the facts from interpol. the truth finally reveals and the truth comes out. it turns out that the impostor is named frederick borden from france. he is 23 years old and is wanted by interpol. he tells the same thing to charlie at the restaurant. he starts telling charlie about his criminal activities. he moves from different shelters around europe under fake aliases. finally, interpol arrests the imposter board in he contacts the police and tells him about the family's participation in the disappearance of the real nick. the police open an investigation about nick. charlie continues his investigation and digs the backyard of nick's house. meanwhile, the fbi asks beverly to take a polygraph test. the fbi finally catches her lie. in the third test, they question her about nick, but she gets agitated and runs off. she claims that she doesn't know anything about nick. now the suspect is jason, nick's brother. the fbi tracks jason to a rehabilitation center. when the fbi questions jason about nick, but he doesn't seem interested in his brother and refuses to help in any way. at the same time, charlie is digging in the backyard, but he finds nothing. later, the fbi finds jason escape the rehabilitation center and has died of an overdose. the fbi still suspects that the family knows what happened to nick, but the whole family refuses to acknowledge the fact borden still keeps calling the parents of missing children and remains a pathological liar. he is a mentally unstable person. nick's family despises him for blaming them for nick's death, even after taking care of him, thinking he was nick. thanks for watching. make sure to like and comment on the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 