hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the brilliant fantasy movie called reign of fire. warning guys, spoiler alert. yes, i'm afraid i'm going to spill the beans about what the movie is about, including all the best bits, of which there are many. but that's half the fun with my recaps. you know that already, during underground construction in london around the year 2008, a huge hibernating dragon is discovered in springs to life, instantly incinerating all construction workers with its fiery breath. the only survivor is the 12 year old quinn abercrombie, whose mother was chief of the construction crew. quinn and his mother are suddenly trapped in a shaft elevator, and his mother is crushed when the dragon escapes. soon thousands of them work their way through europe and eventually the rest of the world, burning everything, feeding on the ash and multiplying at an exponential rate. the world powers use their most powerful weapons, but this only hastens the destruction of the planet. in 2020, the adult quinn, played by christian bale, leads a colony of survivors in a medieval stone castle in northumberland, a lonely bastion of mankind, afraid of the sky and the dragons that could attack any time. their hope is to outlast the dragons, wait until they die out again, as they presumably did several times before, and go into hibernation. unfortunately, the people are beginning to starve while waiting for their crops to ripen. quinn finds it difficult to keep members of his colony from harvesting their crops before they matured. one morning, a small team sneaks out to harvest tomatoes. they draw the attention of an attacking dragon that burns a few of them and torches most of the remainder of the crop. quin and his friend, creedy, rescue the survivors in armored vehicles using firefighting water cannons and flame-proof suits. at night, creedy and quinn entertained the kids of the colony with a play-active rendition of star wars. they also have the kids recited prayer warning them to watch the skies for dragons and dig tunnels to survive. one day, a team of american dragon slayers arrive in an armored convoy led by denton van zane and bringing a chieftain tank and an agusta a 109 helicopter piloted by alex. the american team's request to enter the castle grounds is first refused by quinn. vanzan shows quinn a dragon's tooth he wears around his neck, saying that it came from the first one he killed in the american midwest. van zane had figured out a way to attack dragons when they are most vulnerable. dragons have excellent vision at both day and night, but during magic hour, their vision is impaired, and what they see is unfocused. mistrusting, but needing each other, the two leaders, quinn and van zand worked together and eventually managed to kill the dragon that destroyed the crop. vanzan's team uses sophisticated triangulation system, using small remote tracking devices that allow parachuting commandos to draw dragons into the range of vanzan's arsenal weapons. two of the three skydivers are killed by the dragon. one lands safely, and the operation is successful. banzaian himself kills the driving when quentin, riding on horseback, is able to lure close enough to a large harpoon cannon. the inhabitants of the castle, having not seen a dragon slayed, celebrate the victory that night, only to be chastised by van zand who is disgusted by their behavior, having lost three of his team in the battle. afterward, van zand and alex tell quinn that all dragons his unit have encountered so far a female. their theory is that they are like fish. the females later eggs around the world, then the male comes and fertilize them, leaving them with the theory that there is only a single male within the whole dragon population worldwide. the next morning, van zand requests that members of the colony join him in hunting the male in london. all are reluctant, and van zann announces he will choose volunteers. quinn objects, and the two fight with each other, van zand gaining the upper hand. furious, van zand leaves anyway, van zane and his unit discover a roadblock on the desolate highway to london. manzan then sends alex to find a new way around. the male dragon soon arrives and annihilates nearly the entire army, breathing fire on van zan's armored column and incinerating all but him alone. the male dragon follows their route back to the castle and destroys it. [Music]. the castle inhabitants are, however, saved by hiding in an underground shelter that is designed to survive the intense heat. but quinn's dear friend, creedy, is killed as he tries to go save more people in the castle. creedy bravely slams the door to the basement shelter shut just as the male's fire fills the castle. the children are terrified, and quitting leads them all in their prayer to watch the skies. defeated, van zand returns to the castle, rescuing quinn and the surviving children from the castle cellar. quinn tells vanzant that he will join them to hunt the male dragon in london, they use the helicopter to follow the coastline to the city unnoticed, where they learn that the dragons are beginning to starve and are resorting to cannibalism. as they look over the ruins of the london skyline, the male suddenly appears and eats one of the females from the hundreds that are roosting in the city's towers. [Music] vanzane's plan is to fire an explosive charge placed on a crossbow into the dragon's mouth. during the brief moment it inhales, drawing air to produce fire. van zam will be the bait, stationing himself on top of a tall smokestack. his one shot of the crossbow misses entering the dragon's mouth. the dragon rushes van zand's position. vanzan fanatically leaps from his perch, attacking the dryden with no more than his axe. i'm not sure what he thought he could achieve by doing that, and is swallowed by the dragon in mid-air. quid and alex are able to lure the dragon to street level. the dragon hunts them. however, it is magic hour when the dragon's vision is impaired. after recovering the drop crossbow bolts, quinn is miraculously able to fire one into the dragon's mouth, where it explodes, thus killing the beast. [Music], about three months after the male dragon is slain, quinn and alex are seen erecting a radio tower and receive a transmission from another group of survivors in france, the dragons have been dying off quickly, saying that he cannot speak the language. well, quinn gives the duty of answering the french survivors to jared. the end. hope you enjoyed watching this movie recap. make sure to subscribe, and don't forget to hit the notification button. it might not seem like much, but it really helps us out with the algorithm and allows more people to find our videos. thanks for watching, and see you again soon. 