hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're gonna be talking about the 2008 film, The Dark Knight, the second film The Dark Knight series. so let's get started. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, please check out the link below. the film opens with a group of thugs were in clown masks, robbing a bank. however, during the job, each member begins to kill one another one by one. the remaining robber reveals himself to be the Joker, a crazed supervillain, and escapes the bank in a school bus. the District Attorney of Gotham, Harvey Dent, is leading a campaign against organized crime, and is heralded by the citizens of Gotham. Dent begins to investigate other banks that are also suspected of having mob ties. several mob leaders hold a conference, which is interrupted by the Joker. the Joker offers to kill Batman in exchange for half of a large sum of money that was stolen from the mob bosses by a Chinese man named Lao, that they were in the process of recovering. after the Joker shows a feat of his strangeness and his strength, they hired the Joker. Batman finds Lao and brings him back to the city of Gotham to testify against the mob. and dent is able to put 549 criminals in custody under the RICO law. in response, the Joker begins to kill people and promises to continue to do so until the Batman reveals himself. The Joker tries to kill the mayor, but Jim Gordon sacrifices himself to save the mayor. dent then discovers that Rachel dents, girlfriend and Batman's former love interest, is the Joker's next target. Bruce Wayne plans to reveal his identity, but then publicly states that he is Batman. before Bruce is able to denna is taken into protective custody, and the Joker attacks the convoy. Batman, along with Gordon, who faked his death, are able to rescue dent and arrest the Joker. with a previous Commissioner being killed by the Joker, Gordon is promoted to Commissioner. dent and Rachael are taken away by some suspicious policemen. Batman in Terry, it's the Joker, the Joker reveals that Rachel and dent have been taken to separate locations and are both rigged with explosives. Batman races out of the police station to save Rachel, while the police go after Dent. Batman arrives at the building, realizing that he was tricked by the Joker and he is actually at dense location. Batman pulls dent from the building, which does explode, and half of dents face becomes disfigured, and he is hospitalized. Gordon, who was actually sent to save Rachel, is unable to make it there in time, and Rachel dies. the Joker is able to escape from jail and takes Lao with him. the Joker takes Lao and the money that he stole and burns both of them. an accountant at Wayne Enterprises, Coleman Reese, discovers who Batman truly is, and publicly claims that he knows his identity. the Joker says he no longer wants to know who Batman is and threatens to destroy a hospital if Reese isn't killed. Gordon orders that all the hospitals are evacuated and heads to secure Reese. the Joker is able to locate dent in a hospital and manipulates him into seeking revenge for Rachel's death. the Joker then destroys the hospital and escapes. dent goes on a killing spree, killing those responsible for Rachel's death, including Maroni, one of the largest mobsters in Gotham. this is where we truly see dent become the famous Batman villain two-face. later that night, the Joker rigs two fairies with explosives. one fairy contains civilians and the other contains prisoners. each fairy has the trigger for the other fairies explosives. The Joker promises to blow up both of the fairies unless one of the fairies decides to destroy the other. the passengers on both fairies refused, and Batman is able to capture the Joker and stop him. The Joker gloats that he has corrupted dent and that has undone all of the good work that Dent has done. Gordon arrives to the building where Rachel died, and dent threatens to kill Gordon's son in a revenge. Batman intervenes and dent falls to his death. Batman convinces Gordon to preserve densa image in order to make all of his previous work not be done in vain, and to make it seem as though Batman is responsible for the murders. Gordon is reluctant, but agrees, and the film ends with a manhunt for Batman beginning. so that was the spoilers for the Dark Knight. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 