People throughout the world pour out into the streets to celebrate a very special occasion- the night of the comet's passage. No one would miss the chance to see the stunning event. The following morning, the sky is strangely covered with a dark reddish mist, and there is no sign of life except piles of red dust and clothes all over the place. Where were the crowds last night? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us to the movie titled: Night of the Comet. Be aware: there are spoilers. There are high chances the planet Earth will face a Comet, which has not occured in 65 million years. A few scientists see this as more than just a coincidence. They believe it would cause mass extinctions, so they lock themselves in a bunker outside Los Angeles. However, most people choose to party all night for this one in a lifetime event. During the night, Regina, an usher at a movie theater, ignores her boss and focuses on playing arcade games. She then makes a phone call home lying that she\xe2\x80\x99ll be with her science class for the comet observation. Instead, she sneaks into a steel-lined projection room and has a fun night with her boyfriend Larry, who also works at the theater as a projectionist. At home, Regina\xe2\x80\x99s sister named Samantha has a fight with Doris, their stepmother. The girl accuses Doris for cheating on her father, who is away for work at the military base. Doris hurts Samantha and sends her out of the house.  The following morning, Larry wakes Regina up, telling her that he\xe2\x80\x99ll go home and shower. As Larry opens the door, a zombie attacks and drags him outside. Regina stays back to continue her gam. Later, she decides to leave the theater, only to find the sky is in a strange shade of red and lots of clothes are left on the street. On the way home, she finds Larry\xe2\x80\x99s motorbike abandoned nearby. Suddenly, there is a zombie approaching her. As trained self-defense by her dad, Regina fights back the zombie, managing to drive off on Larry\xe2\x80\x99s bike.  On the streets, there is no vehicle and traffic, only red dust and abandoned clothes on the sidewalks. Regina soon realizes there is something very unusual today. Regina rushs to go home to check on her sister, only to find the house is empty. Getting upstairs, she runs into Samantha, who doesn\xe2\x80\x99t realize what is happening yet. Samamthan tells Regina that she spent a night out in the family storage shed after fighting with Doris. She then takes some breakfast as usual and complains Regina about her terrible look today. Regina explains to her sister the fact that there is nobody left in the city, but Samantha doesn\xe2\x80\x99t trust it. Regina has to drag Samantha out and show her the reality. She picks up Doris\xe2\x80\x99s outfits on the ground and proves Samantha what she said. Samantha steps back into the house, having a hard time accepting the truth.  As the two hear the radio is operating, they decide to drive to the radio station to see if there is anyone. The sisters learn that the radio programs are actually set up in advance and run automatically. All of a sudden, a man named Gomez holding a gun pointed at the two, thinking they are zombidized humans. He forces the girls to show up their faces with their eyes open in the light to make sure they are real humans. Convinced by the girls, Gomez reveals about the current situation they are in. He is a truck driver. As being exhausted, he spent a night in the back of the truck until he woke up and found the city was completely deserted. He saw people being torn apart for flesh by zombies. They attack all the living things around them, including pets.  At this point, Regina becomes shocked, knowing Larry was eaten. Gomez stands in front of the ladies room to make sure Regina is alright. She tells him that they\xe2\x80\x99ll be killed soon by those monsters. Gomez; however, believes there are probably more survivors like the trio. He gives Regina a gun and decides to make their way to the military base in Honduras, hoping to meet Regina\xe2\x80\x99s father there. Gomez also wants to check on his parents on the way if they are alive in San Diego. Meanwhile, Samantha decides to get on the air and asks anyone who is still alive to phone the station. She then runs to the ladies room to inform Regina and Gomez that she\xe2\x80\x99s got a phone call. It turns out to be the phone call from the group of scientists at the bunker outside Los Angeles. Samantha tells the two, as told by the scientists, that the comet has caused most of the population to turn to red dust. Those who only got partial exposure will turn to zombies, eventually they will become dust. The trio is advised to stay where they are and a rescue team would be sent tomorrow at the earliest. Meanwhile at the bunker, the scientists still hear the conversation from Gomez and the sisters. One of the scientists, Dr Audrey argues with Dr Carter that it is too dangerous to take the survivors in the bunker because they might be infected and soon will transform. Carter insists that they do not have a choice now. The survivors need somewhere safe to hide and maybe their blood may be a cure.  Back to the radio station, Samantha has nightmares about the zombies attacking her. Regina and Gomez both comfort her to stay calm and wait for the rescue team. Later, Regina and Gomez sit together and talk about their lives before the disaster. Knowing Gomez will not follow the rescue team but to go to San Diego for his parents, Regina advises him to be with her and Samantha. However, Gomez is very firm about his decision and promises Regina that he\xe2\x80\x99ll be back. The two share a lot of fun together while Samantha is alone and notices some rash on her body.  The following morning, to make Samantha feel better, Regina suggests they practice shooting, as their father used to teach them. Just then, Samantha reveals to be jealous about Regina and Gomez. She thinks Regina always tries to steal good things from her, even now as Gomez is probably the last human man on Earth. However, the two sisters become friends again, realizing they are fighting over a strange man who is now gone with his truck to San Diego.  Arriving at the family house, Gomez enters and learns that his parents didn\xe2\x80\x99t make it, just like most people in the country. While collecting some items in the house for mementoes, Gomez is chased by a kid zombie. Can\xe2\x80\x99t shoot at the little boy, Gomez finds the way to escape. He runs as fast as he can out of the house.  Back in the city, Regina and Samantha are enjoying their fancy outfits in the shopping mall, which they could never afford in the past. They don\xe2\x80\x99t realize their fun time is monitored over a camera by a group of former stock boys, who claim they own the stores. The leader of the boys mocks the sisters on the phone, alarming the girls. Regina immediately holds the guns and watches for the men while Samantha distracts them to buy her sister time.  Regina appears to be a very pro shooter. However, on the way down the stairs, Samantha is captured by the boys. Surprisingly, Regina also holds one boy as a hostage, and requires them to let go of Samantha in return. The leader cruelly opens fire at his hostage man instead.  Outside the street, the rescue team has arrived on their helicopter, but they don\xe2\x80\x99t see the sisters as planned. Audrey is pissed and asks to leave when seeing nobody alive in the area. Carter again tells the team to spread out and look for the survivors around.  Coming back to the store, Regina and Samantha are tied up. The head stock boy removes his sunglasses, showing that the boys have been partially exposed and are turning to zombies. As they are about to torture the two girls, the scientists make it on time and pull the triggers at the zombie boys. The sisters are finally rescued.  The scientists, seeing Samantha itching, assume she has been partly exposed. They do not tell her that, but tell her to wait with Audrey and another scientist, Oscar, for Gomez to come back. Regina gets on the helicopter to head to the bunker first.  After that, Samantha sits with Audrey and explains that she\xe2\x80\x99ll get rash if she becomes nervous. However, Audrey still sedates her. When Oscar tries to understand why Audrey always makes it tough on the survivors, he gets shot in the head immediately. Audrey now has enough with saving those turning survivors. Just a moment later, Gomez enters the radio station where he promised Regina to come back. There, Audrey is already waiting for him. She tells Gomez that all the remaining humans are exposed and soon will become zombies in 36 hours. There is no serum invented from the survivors anymore. She then injects a toxin into her body, attempting to die as a real human.  Meanwhile at the bunker, Regina is informed that Samantha is dead. She doesn\xe2\x80\x99t believe it and manages to knock a staff out, trying to escape from the bunker. The scientists are now rushing to take blood from the survivors to create the cure for them.  At the fence outside the bunker, Samantha is actually alright as Audrey only gave her a sedative. Gomez drives her to the bunker. They trick and knock out the guard to get inside the bunker for Regina. At the shelter, Regina finds that the scientists are about to sedate two kids, apparently using them as blood donors for the vaccin. Samantha also reunites with Regina soon after that. When the scientists arrive at the operating room, they only find the nurses are being chained up on the tables. The sisters and kids have made it out of the bunker. They jump on Gomez\xe2\x80\x99s car, who has waited outside.  As the group of zombidized scientists get on a truck to chase the survivors, the truck explodes because Gomez has already set up a bomb there. Back to downtown L.A, Gomez, the sisters and the kids decide to live as a family. The sky is no longer deep in red clouds and the rain washes all the dust away. Samantha runs into a handsome boy, who is also a survivor.  Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 