Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen and there are three rules in this house and if you were to disobey any one of them the punishment would be most severe now let me be transparent with you I'm gonna go over the movies story very quickly and very briefly following up with a section dedicated to explaining the ending. Explaining things like the bird, the bodies, the twins and the curse as well as why Rachel wasn't taken at the end of the film and if you're just here for the ending explanation you can go to this time stamp on screen now or down below and with that out of the way This is The Lodgers So the Lodgers is about the orphaned twin siblings Rachel and Edward living their spooky dilapidated mansion; living in Ireland after the Irish War of Independence nearby a quiet little village in their own little world away from the world you see there's something sinister afoot in this mansion because there are three simple rules to living here First! They must be in bed by midnight Secondly! Don't ever let a stranger inside And thirdly! Never leave each other alone and if the twins were to ever break these three rules they would be promptly punished by them: A mysterious group of individuals that can only sometimes be seen or heard that linger in the mansion punishing the twins who live beneath the floors. Beneath the wooden trapdoor that rests at the foot of the staircase waiting to leak out and punish them. Rachel &amp; Edward have led a very isolated existence with Edward being an introverted shut-tin leaving Rachel to do the shopping for the both of them but everything changes for them on the day of their 18th birthday when after she goes shopping Rachel receives a letter and sees a handsome war veteran named Sean she reads the letter at the lakeside where she hallucinates two bodies hovering over the water when she gets home she sees Edward hiding behind a pillar except Edward's on the staircase. Huh. Anyways, she tells Edward that they've run out of inheritance money and the family solicitor will be visiting soon something neither of them are looking forward to later she goes back to her room, fantasizing about Sean when Edward comes in with a birdcage and the twins have a chat where we learn that their parents passed away years ago and they were also the ones that taught them the three rules That night Rachel goes to take a bath and as she lays in the bathtub something happens the trapdoor starts flooding, the bathroom door locks itself a ghostly voice whispers and an eel appears in the bathtub The next day, Sean prepares herself to leave his house as an old man comes and enters the mansion's premises. This is Mr. Birmingham, the solicitor of their family's estate who demands to come inside and speak with Edward which is against the rules so Rachel tries to keep him out long enough to retrieve and give a pearl necklace so that he can sell it off, giving the twins a little money; as Sean watches from afar Rachel manages to get Mr. Birmingham away from the house leaving Edward alone stuck listening to the trapdoor as it whispers to him. As for Rachel, she deals with Mr. Birmingham who suggests that she either sell the house, sell Rachel's silver necklace or even marry someone to stay financially secure And she's not having it Sean tries to follow Rachel who catches him in the act and tells him to come back tomorrow and returns home where strange things are afoot and that night Edward reveals to Rachel that the twins are becoming more sensitive to the presence of Them! Who are demanding that the twins fulfill their destiny. The next day, Sean and Rachel go to the place where her parents died. Taking him to the lake where they chat and we learn that on the day her parents drowned themselves Rachel had woken up with the necklace around her neck. It's the event that traumatised Edward forever but what's weirder is that all their ancestors died the same way by drowning themselves as he listens, Sean makes a move on her only to be stopped by Rachel who asks him to help her escape from her home but he refuses but as that's happening, Mr. Birmingham comes marching back to the estate he's come back to return the pearl necklace which has turned into a necklace made of bones and as Edward invites Mr. Birmingham inside with a knife hidden in one hand Sean and Rachel get intimate only to stop as Rachel confesses to Sean about the truth of the mansion which was built hundreds of years ago to hide the shame of Rachel's family. A curse, a stain that would follow their family for generations haunted by Them! Them being the creatures who live below the house and who made the rules and that's when Mr. Birmingham gets shanked by Edward\xe2\x80\x93now deathly pale as a Rachel, hysterically breaks down and tells Sean to leave her alone! "If you won\'t help her escape!" When Edward tries pushing Mr. Birmingham into the trapdoor Birmingham's body is suddenly yanked into the hole as the Rachel comes back late at night. She's briefly stopped by Edward and reveals to him that she intends to leave tomorrow with or without him. She goes to her room to pack where she's haunted by Them who show Rachel terrifying visions and she wakes up the next day to find water dripping from the ceiling. Later Rachel runs into Sean's sister who gives back Rachel's necklace to which Rachel asks her if her mother told her about Rachel's secret you see the locket has a picture of Rachel's parents who are not only twins but are identical to Rachel and Edward\xe2\x80\x93a part of the stain upon their family after that Rachel finds herself going to the lake where a vision plays before her eyes of Edward watching their parents drown themselves Rachel comes back to find Edward changed by them and she tells him that their mother wanted them to escape from the curse but Edward reveals that the house is speaking to them even through the bird in the cage. A bird, Rachel can't see but she will see soon enough their curse will make her see things from his perspective but what more he reveals that their cursed blood draws them to each other flaming a desire to have children with each other. To breed their immortality in the pit of her body Edward tries to kiss her but Rachel pushes him away but Edward's adamant, They are telling him to claim her But she lies! Lying to him that Sean has already claimed her, so Edward knocks her out bringing her upstairs to their parents bed where Edward begins to prepare himself only to be interrupted by Sean knocking on the door. He's come for Rachel and Sean is brought inside as he and Edward have a little chat with Rachel waking up finding the door locked by Them. It's then as Sean sees a painting on the wall depicting a familiar looking couple that he's attacked by Edward and the two get into a scuffle with Edward accidentally stabbing himself and impaling Sean through the hand Rachel waits with bated breath as the door unlocks and Edward staggers into the room, collapsing to the floor, locket in hand as she listens to Sean's agonized screams of pain as he tries to remove the knife from his hand and that's when the clock rings, heralding the arrival of Them! P,ale, nude and muck-stained bodies. Who crawl up the stairs as Rachel desperately tries to remove the knife and when she does they disappear So, Sean and Rachel tried to leave but the doors are locked and Rachel backs away and falls into the hole which Sean dives into where he finds himself in an upside down version of the mansion and here Sean finds Rachel floating there and just as they reunite Sean is dragged back by Them and she's left to be surrounded by the wailing ghoulish bodies of Them Who stare at Rachel who manages to surface, in the lake! She's alive but Sean's dead and when she goes inside all that remains of him is his fake leg and Rachel goes upstairs to her parents room to find Edward lain in bed who's realized what happened: Sean was taken instead of her and although he's sorry for her loss he hopes that maybe they can be together but it's too late for that Edward is dying and soon he'll be free from their curse, from life. From all that, and they say their goodbyes with Rachel taking her locket and leaving the house although not before laying the locket upon a gravestone and when she finally makes it to the gate she sees Edward's blackbird and takes one look at it before leaving with the blackbird following closely behind So what was with that ending? Let's start with that bird That bird is a representation and a symbol of the family curse and of Rachel herself because Rachel is as free as a bird, she's now no longer bound by her cursed fate and is now free to go over- wherever she wants to but that's not entirely true because that bird was the same bird that Edward has been hallucinating seeing throughout the entirety of the film implying that Rachel is now Well, there's no (nice) way to say it, but she's crazy driven a 'little' insane by her cursed blood because wherever she goes, she might be free of her cursed fate, that cursed blood still lives within her and after all Edward did tell her that soon she'll see things from his point of view which brings me to the pale bodies those are heavily implied to either be the spirits or the reanimated corpses of Edward and Rachel ancestors who have been cursed to forever haunt the mansion and its descendants the descendants of Rachel &amp; Edwards Into fulfilling their destiny as prescribed by the curse and the curse itself is much more complex than just being haunted by ghosts and giving birth to children who look exactly like you. No. Edwards lines about immortality adds a lot more context you see the curse isn't just to die it's actually to be reborn into the world, in the bodies of your children who have this natural desire to breed with each other and once they're of age, once they commit the cardinal sin of incest, they then kill themselves out of shame and the process repeats again and again and there's a lot of hints of this throughout the film with the locket, with the painting, and the fact that the bodies\xe2\x80\x93The "Them" actually look exactly like Rachel and Edward and the cherry on top of this theory that confirms this\xe2\x80\x93is that Brian O'Malley, the director of the film posted this on Twitter he's confirmed that the curse itself is to be reborn into the world again and again. Due to committing incest eons ago which finally brings me to Rachel why wasn't she taken at the end of the film? Well, I believe it's due to the timing. It wasn\'t the right time because Rachel wasn\'t a "de-virgin", she was still a virgin and she hadn't given birth at the time that she was under water, and I believe that this is a limitation of the cursed ones ("Them") They cannot claim someone who was not 'ripe' yet and so they have no choice but to let her go allowing her to escape from her family's fate at least to some extent as we find out at the end of the film and with that being said thank you so much for watching, ladies and gentleman if you enjoyed it leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on my latest uploads and don't forget Don't break the rules 