[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're gonna take a look at puppet master - the first sequel in the series. let's get to it. we open on the cemetery where our puppet friends have grown lonely for their master. the unbury his corpse and managed to rejuvenate him with this tepid yellow concoction. with that element now said, we cut the daytime, back at Bodega Bay, where the government Paranormal Research team is attempting to gain access to the hotel. they find their way in and have a look around. because ghosts prefer filth. there are no traces of Megan, and the place is in disarray, presumably abandoned, but with no indication for how long. we find out they're there as a result of information gleaned from the psychotic ravings of Alex, our survivor from the first movie. while the team of karel and patrick, two siblings, Wanda and Lance, set up their base of operations, were introduced to Camille. she rolls up to this unusually placed pair of hillbillies who lived near the coast Beach, Billy's. she gets directions to the hotel. immediately takes her place as the supernatural expert who poo-poos everything. how charming. with some expositional scenes, we come to find out that Megan's brain was pulled through her nose. as the last heir to the estate, it was turned over to the government, hence the research groups unfettered access to the grounds. right as everyone is just beginning to get settled in, Camille has a sighting of a something that she decides to explore further. this turns out to be a bad idea, as she's knocked down, gagged and then slowly and gently dragged off. meanwhile, things that the monitoring stations are turning sensual, smooth line. but consummation is cut short as a flash of movement on the screen. it captures their attention. turns out it's the drill head puppet, gone to give patty a little kiss goodnight, with devastating results. the others get there too late, in their playful mood, is now as dead as Patrick. however, they do manage to capture and dissect the puppet, discovering an internal working of mechanisms, no apparent energy source. so you see, it was all worth it. as they work to sort things out, they receive an unexpected visit from launch. hey, stop being self-aware. he identifies himself as the owner of the hotel. they have a standoff and agreed to check into the paperwork. you must respect the privacy of my personal quarters. what makes you think you're entitled to make demands? then this bad ass rolls up on his hog loins, reverberating from the 45 horses roaring beneath him. we come to learn his name is Michael. he's Camille's son and has come to help find her, rather than putting him to work. however, they use this opportunity to convince him. plan on sticking around and explain what's happened, but without discussing in why they haven't called the police about the murder and disappearance. we then spend a little time with our favorite bumpkins. after a protracted struggle resulting in some unfortunate loss, they managed to burn her up real good and returned to Toulon with some tasty niblets. unfortunately, cooked nibs aren't sufficient for this level of magic. we find out Toulon is putting together his potion, which gives new life for a 50-year period. the end of which is coming for his puppet friends. I wanted to establish that now so we could skip past it for the additional 20 minutes or so they spend on this throughout the end of the movie. later on, Carol and Michael find Toulon enjoying the beach. he offers some awkward courtesies before they head out. they shouldn't want to see. thanks for the sound advice. we come to find out, there are no limits to the depths the puppets will go to achieve their goals of self-preservation. as this young man finds one in the woods. he ends up playing a little too rough to live, though, so he doesn't. meanwhile, Carol and Michael demonstrate their budding romance, likely a purely chemical result of the sensory titillation derived from all that hog riding. as we roll into the final evening of our state, Wanda convinces Carol to leave her post and visit Michel then promptly and accidentally deletes all her progress. Michael, with his bitching, hyper-masculine, cable-knit romances the crap out of her, but his waylaid somewhat when the weirdo shows up and insists on touching people. his rejection results in the hissy fit. hey, things get a lot better in the late 2000s. we find out he had genuine feelings for her. vein, Oh, hate to break it to you, but your corpse. while this is going on, Wanda does a little cosplay and leaves for a moment, only to return to Lance getting completely destroyed. she then gets properly sliced in the face. Carol, seeing tulle on outside, steals away to his chambers to find out what he's up to. however, he almost immediately heads back in. Michael wakes up just in time to get roasted, but manages to escape. pubes fully intact. he goes beast mode on the puppets as he makes his way to two Long's chambers as well. meanwhile, Toulon has revealed himself and confirms that Carol is the embodiment of Elsa - lon. he plans to transfer them into these freaky puppet people. having finished the incantations, he turns to Carol and tries to convince her to do a lay back, but she promptly spits out the juice, leaving only one chalice of the sweet nectar unwilling to risk it, the puppets taken, preserving their self-interests, proceeded to dismantle too long by teaching them how to make the potion. he's rendered himself unnecessary. he really should have watched Breaking Bad more intently. Michael and Carol managed to get out, and we this hippie bus of puppets in the puppet version of Camille. for some reason, you have lots of fun. we have children too. and well, that's something. and that something was puppet master - I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. [Applause]. [Music]. 