A boy enters an abandoned farmhouse, looking for his friend but He only finds some webbing inside. Following some tracks, he picks up a large bug\xe2\x80\x99s leg from the ground. He seems aware that impending danger is on the horizon as a giant shadow is heading towards him. What is this creature that\xe2\x80\x99s causing so much concern? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us today to a movie title: Eight Legged Freaks. Be aware, there are spoilers!  The movie starts in the early morning hours of a quiet mining town. The voice of a local radio DJ, Harlan is doing his job and waking people up. Meanwhile cruising down a highway, a dozing truck driver is carrying a load of chemicals when he swerves to dodge a rabbit. This sends one of the toxic barrels of waste into a reservoir. Near the site, a farmer of the exotic spider kind, Joshua or \xe2\x80\x9cJosh" collects crickets for his spiders. He is completely unaware of the barrel spreading poison all over the pond. A week later, little Mike, who also shares the hobby of spider collecting, makes a regular visit to his friend Josh. Entering the farm, Mike takes a look at the spiders, which have grown a considerable amount since he last saw them.  Confused, a large spider jumps onto the glass scaring Mike. Just then, Josh appears and welcomes Mike back. As Mike mentions the size of his favorite spider, Josh shares his discovery of what seem to be magic crickets which he thinks are spider steroids. Josh truly believes he is going to make a fortune off of it. While looking at the jumping spiders, the two are unaware that a tarantula has escaped from its cage. Josh continues showing Mike an enormous female orb-weaver he calls Consuela as she cocoons her prey. The alarm rings, signaling that Mike needs to leave for school. He tells Josh that he will visit again the following week and he hopes the spiders will be double the size they are now.  As Mike leaves, Josh quickly realizes the tarantula is missing. It turns out the spider is on his back. He is bitten in the neck and accidentally knocks into some cages while struggling with his ordeal. He is killed from the bite, and the remaining arachnids are released in the process. A week later, Mike again goes to visit Josh, but soon is confronted by his mother, Sam , an unmarried police officer. She asks Mike not to wander around while she and a colleague named Pete are inspecting the contaminated area. Mike says that he needs to inform Joshua about the pond, however Sam states that she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t like him hanging out with Josh as he keeps dangerous spiders around. The boy is told to take the bike and to follow his mother home. On the way to town, they come across a group of teens on dirt bikes. Sam decides to stop the group, soon realizing that her daughter, Ashley, is amongst the group. The girl is then required to get in the truck. Sam gives Bret, Ashley\xe2\x80\x99s troubled boyfriend, a ticket and leaves with her children.  At night, Mike becomes more concerned as Josh isn\xe2\x80\x99t picking up his phone. A quick transition shows that the farm is now covered in spider webs and Josh is no longer with us. At the local mall, Mayor Wade is holding a meeting to decide whether they should sell gold mines and turn the quarry into a commercial complex. Chris, the owner of the mines and whose father died a few years back. He shows up disagreeing with the authorities. He tells Wade that he\xe2\x80\x99ll never sell the mines. The two get into a fight, and Sam has to constrain Chris. It is now revealed that the two of them have a secret crush on each other going back some years.  The following morning, Mike realizes his bike has been locked up by Sam. Ashley has a fight with Sam, and Chris shows up at the door, attempting to make up with Sam after years of being gone. Mike takes advantage of this by sneaking out of the house to find Joshua.  Running to the farm, Mike learns the spiders are gone and there are spiderwebs everywhere. He knows that the spiders have grown an enormous amount based on the prints left in the sand. Just then, he confronts a gigantic spider coming from the nearby mine. He immediately runs away to inform the locals. On the way, Chris offers Mike a ride. Mike shows Chris a giant spider leg telling him the mutant creatures are heading down to the mine shafts. Chris laughs, thinking that Mike just has a quirky imagination. He thinks the leg is just a cactus. At home, Mike tries to explain the transformation of the spiders to Sam, but she disbelieves him, thinking he spends too much time watching TV.  Elsewhere in the mine, a man finds that the water pipes are stuck. He manages to deal with them by blowing into the pipes but surprisingly jumping spiders emerge from his mouth. A moment later,a giant leg grabs him, pulls him away and kills him. Numerous missing pets are then reported in town, this obvious concerns the locals. Pete's cat then has a fight with one of the spiders in an air vent and is then eaten. Some ostriches on Wade's farm are then devoured by trapdoor spiders. DJ Harlan, comes up with a theory saying the animals are abducted by a probe, not by coyotes or wolves.  At this time, Bret and Ashley fight in the car. She then kicks him out. Bret is then attacked by the eight legged monsters. As Bret panics, he runs to his friends warning them about the spiders. His friends however think it\xe2\x80\x99s simply a prank. They soon become convinced when one of them is killed by a mutant spider. The group flee away on their bikes as the monsters pursue them. However, the boys\xe2\x80\x99 race is soon brought to a halt by the jumping spiders. Bret manages to jump over a highway causing his attackers to explode in the oil crash. He is the only survivor. A second later, the spiders show up again in larger numbers than before. Bret rides as fast as he can, hiding himself in a nearby mine.  At night in Chris\xe2\x80\x99 aunt\xe2\x80\x99s house, A woman named Gladys finds that her dog is missing. Coming down to the basement, Gladys is attacked by a few of the oversized spiders. They wrap her in their webbing, creating a cocoon. Chris then returns home and finds that his aunt is not around, the only thing found is a large insect leg. He realizes that Mike was telling the truth. It wasn\xe2\x80\x99t just a cactus as he had assumed. He quickly drives off to see Mike to show him the monstrous leg. Mike now has the chance to explain everything to Sam and Chris alike. The spiders are growing as big as humans, due to the released toxins. After looking at the leg, Mike believes auntie Gladys isn\xe2\x80\x99t dead but has merely been taken away by male orb weavers. They do this to provide for the females. Suddenly, the three hear Ashley\xe2\x80\x99s voice shouting aloud. Sam runs to her daughter and sees that a spider is wrapping her in a cocoon. Chris manages to fight the monster, buying Sam time to take a gun. The spider is then shot to death by Sam. As the phone lines are broken Sam uses a walkie-talkie to call Pete asking him to bring all of the guns to the police station. Mike says the spiders are nocturnal hunters, so a broadcast warning throughout the town is necessary. In the meantime, spiders show up in various places and begin attacking people. Pete makes it in time rescuing Sam\xe2\x80\x99s family before the attackers can enter the house. They rush to DJ Harlan\xe2\x80\x99s asking to use the station.  Sam informs the locals telling them that the town is in a crisis, and is being overrun by giant spiders. She requires each and every person to arm themselves. While Mike, Ashley and Pete wait in the car, a gigantic tarantula heads towards the station\xe2\x80\x99s van. The boy, who is kind of an expert on spiders, contacts his mother using the walkie-talkie telling her not to make any noise. Harlan is shocked by the huge animal outside then accidentally shouts out, which attracts the giant tarantula. Pete has to open fire, attempting to distract the beast. Luckily, the three escape and get in the car. The town falls into chaos as the giants begin to invade. They become aggressive and are starving, and begin hunting humans.  Sam tells everyone to evacuate the mall, but this protects them by concrete walls and steel doors. Chris attempts to close the front gate of the mall prior to the brutal invasion. Sam is last to make it through the gate. The town people begin to argue about the monsters. Mike tells Sam that she needs to quiet the crowd for their safety. Just then, Mike becomes an integral part of the crisis. Chris and Harlan take on a mission to go to the rooftop for cell signal, hoping to contact the army. Those without weapons have to find anything to fend for themselves. Mike collects some perfume in the meantime. Before Chris and Harlan climb to the roof, Mike hands Chris the perfume, saying that it helps to confuse the spiders. Later, Harlan tries to eliminate the spider, thus buying Chris time to get a cell signal. Eventually, Chris calls 911. However, the government doesn\xe2\x80\x99t believe Chris\xe2\x80\x99s story and hangs up on him. He becomes extremely angry and disappointed. At this time, the tarantula has torn the gate widening the entrance. This sends thousands of jumping spiders all over the mall. Everyone then retreats to the basement. Harlan and Chris are facing their opposition outside. Just then, Harlan, distracts the monsters to free Chris. Luckily, Harlan lands on a bush, reuniting with Pete. The two find their way and get away from the spiders.  In the mine shaft, Bret meets up with his father, mayor Wade. Wade is then abducted by one of the spiders, leaving Bret no chance to save him. The boy rides off again avoiding the invasion.  While the townspeople are in the basement, Bret arrives with a forklift blocking the spiders outside. Chris says that they need to head through the mines, following the cables before the monsters catch up with them. On the way, they discover methane-filled tunnels. Chris warns the group that the slightest spark could blow them all to hell.  Next, they are stopped by a cocooned figure. It turns out to be Wade who is still alive. Chris decides to let Sam lead the group out while he finds his aunt. Before leaving, Chris reveals his feelings to Sam. He tells her to try and find and operate the generator, located just outside the mines. He has a plan. Chris then walks Bret\xe2\x80\x99s bike and heads to find Gladys.  Eventually, he makes it to see Gladys. Their moment is interrupted by the giant Consuela. However, Chris couldn\xe2\x80\x99t shoot, due to the methane gas inside the tunnels. He quickly uses the perfume distracting the beast. The two get on the bike and escape the spider. On the way out, Chris attaches a set off on the wire, combining with Sam\xe2\x80\x99s activating the genny outside in order to burn the mines down. Finally, Sam sparks an explosion, sending all of the spiders to hell. Chris and Gladys make it out of the mines just in time. At this moment the police and the army arrive. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notifications. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 