welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this video we're breaking down Iron Man 2. I want my bird. though the film is often cited as one of the weakest entries in the MCU, I think as part of the whole it works brilliantly. the movie introduces new characters, sets up things to come, and also shows Tony at his most vulnerable point after binge watching the MCU, a definitely thing that the film improves in several ways, and hopefully this video shines it in a new light for you. throughout this we're gonna be going through some of the easter eggs in the film that don't pay off until much later in the franchise. this isn't every single easter egg, but there's a lot on here that I haven't seen mentioned in other videos. so I do hope you enjoy it. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch all 23 films and the infinity saga, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel, as we do videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the content. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of Iron Man 2. okay, so up top, before we get into the details, I just want to talk about the villains of the piece. Iron Man 2 is often criticized for having lackluster antagonists, but both not only serviced the plot in several ways, they also reflect aspects of Tony's personality. Justin Hammer is basically a self-obsessed businessman who tries to use his charm and charisma to further his career. he's a womanizing scoundrel, and don't you just bloody love him? he's attempting to build his own version of the iron man's suit, and he copies Tony in several ways to his own detriment. unlike Tony, he's unwilling to put himself in the firing line. and whereas Tony spent hours in his workshop innovating new designs in technology, hammer simply steals them from others. no more is this shown in the line by hammer, where he meets Vanko and the two discuss their plans. hammer orders some food and says that he likes to eat dessert first. if you've checked out, I'll get out breakdown, and you'll know that food in films is often chosen for characters specifically. and get out Rose ate cereal separate from milk, showing that she didn't like colors mixing with her idea of whiteness. hear hammers choice to eat the dessert first shows that he wants instant gratification and pleasure without having to work for it. he's basically the arrogant side of Tony, without the talent to back it up. however, that doesn't mean that Tony is perfect. and Hammer, similar to Killian an, Iron Man 3, did initially want to work with him, but he was brushed to the side, and ultimately this created a rivalry. on the other side of the coin, Vanko is a genius who was reduced to almost nothing. and similar to Tony and Ironman, whan he used his skills to come back and was able to build something new. however, a vengeance overtook him, and thus he succumbed to it. another common misconception that I've seen send it around both Iron Man and spider-man, is that they're villains in the MCU have been created by Tony. this is often a criticism that's level towards the spider-man films, as Pete attends, deal with the repercussions of Tony's actions. however, in this film, we learned Tony actually inherited his initial tubulins, similar to how spider-man does later down the line, both Steinem Vanko were created by Howard stock. and then Tony had to deal with the sins of the father. Tony is a father figure to Peter, and this, this repetition of him inheriting his initial two villains, is a nice curry over. one thing I also didn't really notice until history watch either, is how much Thanos and Tony actually marijuana. know they're both are heavily concerned with resources and sustaining life in the long run. Tony wishes to use the arc reactor to do this. in the film, in order to make clean and sustainable energy for the planet. we see this journey through the MCU to the point he believes he is saving the earth by creating Ultron. Ultron ultimately ends up deeming the world. and this is similar to how Dan asked believe that he was saving the universe by carrying out a snap. but as we learn from endgame, it had left all life in a state of despair. so both had good intentions, but they ultimately ended up going about it the wrong way. however, Tony was able to come back and do the right thing, whereas Thanos was not an Iron Man one. Tony states that the best weapon is the weapon that you only have to fire once. and that is, of course, what Danis does when completing this snap. Stark also has a weapon that we learn he can only fire once, which is a laser beam that takes out all of the drones. this laser is also used only once in civil war, when Tony is fighting against Buck cap. and in endgame, in the final battle, there's also an incredible line in the film, uttered by Vanko, who, after fighting Tony at the Grand Prix, states, if he can make God bleed, people will cease to believe in him. Dallas was thought to be God, like an infinity war and almost unbeatable. low-key at one point said that he would never become a god. but after his journey of completing six tasks and resting on the metaphorical seventh, it became clear that he was. however, in infinity war, Tony was able to make Danice bleed. and he even acknowledged it by saying, all that for a drop of blood. we've seen zack snyder's 300, then you'll know the film ends in a certain way. and similar to that, this shows that it is possible to be Danis. because if he can make God bleed, people will cease to believe in him. anyway, that's a long-winded way of talking about the themes and parallels in the film. the movie itself opens in the wake of the Ironman press conference. not long after this, Tony met Nick Fury in his home. he uttered the line, you become part of a bigger universe, you just don't know it yet. and this was murdered in his meeting with spider-man, and far from home, and which he told him that he was part of a multiverse. so he initially told Ironman he was part of a bigger universe, and in far from home, he told spider-man that he was part of multiple universes. Tony and Peter are the only Marvel characters to get two films in the same phase, as well, cementing that spider-man will indeed be taking over the reins of the franchise going forward. Vanko watches the stark press conference on TV, and his father passes away. angered by the treachery of the Starks who left his family to die in poverty, he begins to build. now, shoutouts to Jaret Hamilton, who are my last Iron Man. video, pointing out that this scene echoes the cave scene from the first film. Franco hammers away and creates his own version of the suit using arc reactor technology, which we learned his father co-created with Howard stock. there's also a shot of bread and butter over a blueprint, perhaps symbolizing that they made their bread and butter through the arc reactor. we learned that after Howard learned vanko's father only wanted the reactor as a means to get rich, he had him deported. so this bread and butter could be linked to that beber reach. but you know me, that's what you here for. were also introduced to vanko's bird, best bird in the MCU, do not at me, Falcon. cut to Tony about to drop in on the stark Expo. and we here shoot to thrill by ac/dc. in Iron Man 1, we were introduced to stock through back and black by the band. and this is a nice progression for the character. I also don't know if this is intentional, but the dances surrounding a hero and almost parading him reminds me a lot of the star-spangled man from the first Captain America movie. from here, we learn that Tony has palladium poisoning. this is due to the arc reactor in his chess, but it could also been pushed into overdrive due to Pepper releasing palladium gas. and Iron Man, in order to destroy the reactor, we see a presentation by Howard stock, which is meant to resemble the Epcot presentation by Walt Disney. tony is called to go to the Senate hearing, which is led by Senator Stern. we learn that he is a Hydra agent in the Winter Soldier, and also meet Justin Hammer, who states that Tony has created a sword that he says is a shield. this could be a reference to Captain America, who primarily uses a shield as a weapon. but it could also be a nod to the Marvel Group, sword and shield from the comics, Tony hijacks the video feed and plays a hammer demonstration in which someone gets twisted in a suit. and yikes, that looks like it hurts. in Doctor, Strange, strange, turns down a case for a 35 year old Air Force colonel who severely damaged his spine in experimental armor. though this was often thought to be Rhodey, it was denied by Marvel. so is possible that it's the person we see in this footage? we can also see on Tony's phone an app for the Illuminati, which is a superhero group in Marvel Comics. Tony also throws up a peace sign, which shows how far he's come from the first film, in that he made fun of someone throwing up one in the funby. and then, upon exiting the cave, he threw an up to signal a helicopter overhead. Peter reappears here, and in age of Ultron, he says all he wants his peace in our time. it's also what he says to cap when trying to bridge the gap with him in endgame. we then cut to the workshop and see the versions of the Iron Man suits. we can actually see above the Mach 1 that it's a reconstruction. and this is how he has it in the workshop after it was pretty badly destroyed in the first film. Tony also hangs up an Iron Man picture, which is a play on the Obama image. we see this being sold at the end of the Avengers, and it's nice to see a girl from here into the film. he appoints pepper as a CEO, and she asks if he's been drinking, to which he replies, chlorophyll. this is actually to counteract his palladium poisoning and the effects that it has on his body. when telling her this, he says he tried to figure out where he successor, and then drops the line, it's you. it's always been you. this line would reappear an end game when he records a farewell message to pepper after believing that his time was up. we also see a hint of the iron man's suitcase in the scene. - its nicknamed the football, which is a reference to the presidential briefcase that has the launch codes for nuclear weapons in it. Banco meets with a member of the ten rings, who, as we know, were the villains from the first film. and they're led by the mandarin happy hogan. practices boxing with tony. and this is a callback to his origin story, in which he was a boxer store clerks of Natasha's zoo, or the Natalie's resume. and we can see that she has hammer industries on it, which could show that she was also trying to infiltrate his company. in Monaco, they meet Elon Musk who says he has an idea for an electric jet. in the next scene, we see that tony has already invented this and that he's beaten him to the punch. should have invented a bad name for your door, am i right? Christine Everhart from iron man shows up, and we learned she's doing a big spread on Justin and that she did a big spread for Tony in the first movie. I seen that the photographer also takes a picture, which appears in the avengers in stock tower. Vanko shows up and gets the suit and I didn't notice this, but a keen relative spotted that the suitcase had a foothold on the other side, showing that Tony could deploy it either way. Ranko attacks stock suit with electricity, and this causes a lot of problems with it. in these breakdowns, we always talk about how Tony learns from his mistakes. and in order to combat this, he clearly puts measures in place to absorb this in the future. this is how when Thor attacks him in the Avengers, it overpowers the suit instead of completely wrecking it. this was also used as a way to attack Thanos. in Avengers endgame, Tony beets venko, he drops the guard line, is saved by hammer and taken to meet him. this actually happens at Elon Musk's SpaceX facility. and you should have called your daughter SpaceX. am i right? how're also refers to himself as a benefactor, and this is why many people believe he may be the mysterious operating behind the scenes in ant-man in the wasp. also, yeah, give the man his birdie a just he just wanted bored. he also begins building drawings for a hammer, and utters the line that I love drone better. though Tony didn't initially do this. in Iron Man 3, we see he's enabled his suits to have drone capabilities. at Tony's party, stuff Goes Down and he and war machine fight it out. the fight goes through the ceiling, and when they come back down. we actually see Natasha almost blow her cover as she adopts a martial arts stance. when this happens, this show she's ready for a fight. in such a scenario, they crossed the streams, which, of course, plays into how they defeat Benko. at the end, were already flies to an Air Force Base. and we also see the soldier from the first film, remember him? he's called Allen. anyway, he's back to me with the character. Tony meets with Nick Fury and black widows cover is revealed. they then go to his home in Malibu, and we see Tony sitting in the same robe that a young Howard wore in agent Carter Hammer sells weapons to build war machine. and this is how Banco is able to infiltrate his systems. we also see a missile known as the ex-wife that would make Ulysses look like it was written in crayon. this shows the lack of hammers knowledge, as Ulysses was actually written in crayon to help James Joyce see it. Tony goes through a briefcase left by his father, and we can also see a copy of Captain America issue 1. Tony plays back a film reel from his dad that contains his final message to an adult Tony. he's passing on a message to the Future. and the way that the projector is set up, plus Howard's final stance when delivering this echos Tony's final message at the end of an game that was played on a projector within the helmet, and it was left to Morgan, Tony's child, much in the same way that Howard left this for his child, Tony. I would love it if we were visited the moment from endgame with Morgan later in the series, and saw that she had a secret message from Tony to as it would really symbolize the passing of the torch. this being a message from both characters from beyond the grave is very poetic and shows how Marvel loved to carry across symbolism. in Howard's manual, we also see a cube, and that is the tesseract. Howard found this at the end of Captain America, the First Avenger, and we learned that he'd been working on it in endgame, when Tony traveled back in time. Tony goes to a roadside stop with a guy selling strawberries. he says he doesn't like people handing him things. and this is a motif that's stuck with the character. he did at the start of the movie and avenges when me in Coulson. and the only time that he doesn't really mind it is when his father hands and flowers in endgame. also shouts to filleth from reddit, who pointed out that the watched Tony trades for strawberries is actually the one that Obadiah gave him in the first movie. he goes to see pepper and get that thing off the desk. also, we see Bill O'Reilly, who completely slams pepper, verbally harasses her. and yeah, this scene has not aged well. we also see a cover of Fortune magazine, which a young tone features on. and this echos the initial presentation at the award show on the character in the first film. Tony creates a new element. and when doing this, we also see the Captain America shield from the prior film. this was behind Tony as the suit was dismantled. and here it's used on a pipe. no wonder these guys fell out in Civil War. also, Tony Danza black vest when working on it. and this is, of course, a callback to Iron Man worn when he was in the cave and also endgame when he was working with nebula. he creates a new element and heads to the stock Expo where, Justin, Hammer is doing a presentation on his new drones. we see the hammer logo looks a lot like the kingdom of Asgard. and the company is also called hammer, which yet could be a very subtle nod Timon. yeah. the press faces a different problem because they're about to run out of ink writing. how good this video is. and we see the drones, which go haywire and start attacking people. also, a nice little addition is that when the war machine armor is hacked, the writing and it changes to Russian. I'm sure you've also seen this one before, but just because it ties so heavily into the MCU, we really can't miss it out. the boy wearing an Iron Man mask is indeed Peter Parker. and this was confirmed by foggy as a fun little Easter Egg. Black Widow and happy head to hammer industries. and we see Natasha taking down multiple security guards in the Black Widow trailer. we can also see taskmaster studying a tape of this in order to learn her fighting styles. and moves. Widow reboots the war machine armor, and the hammer drones land. Tony does the dodge move from a missile, which we saw him do in the first Iron Man film, went facing off against the tank. they managed to take them down. hammer is arrested, and he tells pepper that he will be seeing her again soon, and could be setting up the benefactor. roll down the line. Tony and Rhodey fight Banco, and we also see stock. he's the smaller dot rockets that he did in Ironman one. they managed to take the villain out by crossing the streams. and the former ends up saving Pepper after the drones triggered a self-destruct in Iron Man Tony and pepper shared a scene on a balcony where they didn't kiss. however, here they do. bring that scene full circle. the film ends with Tony seeing the Avengers initiative as he meets with fury in the background. you can also see a map that has several locations including New Mexico, Greenland and more. Wakanda is hinted out, which is, of course, the home of black panther. Malibu is highlighted, which is Tony. New Mexico is Thor Greenland for Captain America. and Virginia for the Incredible Hulk. senators stern gives Tony and rhodium medal. and Hale Snyder, ac/dc. highway to hell plays over the credits. and this could be handing out what's in store for Tony down the line, or it could just because it's an awesome song. anyway, that's our list. obviously, I'd loved hear your thoughts on the breakdown. and if there's any Easter eggs that should have made it, comment below and let us know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of Iron Man, which is gonna be linked at the end. I think it's one of our best videos ever. so please give it a watch after this. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you, and it's a thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat us after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in description below. those the best ways to keep up to date. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 