listen, it's crazy that there's all these Christmas releases coming out into theatres, yet the movie we've gotten the most requests for is a Netflix original movie. and I know a lot of people keep comparing it to a quiet place. but considering it's based on a book that was written way before that one, even before the happening, which is also very similar, and considering that, Oh, buddy steps in inhale, that for some reason was facing up, how how to say they had their differences, I was excited for this one because it came from the same writer of arrival, which I love. that dude also did extinction for Netflix this year. and did you don't know that they're making a live-action remake of your name? I personally think Burt box is a solid run too. it may not be as dark as the book, but it does have Sandra Bullock in trivanti Rhodes in it. don't you feel chemistry? so I don't blame you for staying home. let me explain. I know a lot of people just want to know where the monsters come from. so starting off with the mythology, I went in and I did my investigative journalism, and I found a direct quote from the screenwriter who reached out to the author of the book on how that was the first question out of his mouth when he got him on the phone. and the author's answer to where the creatures originated from was, oh, I have no idea. see, a lot of you always get mad at me when there's no answer to these questions. like I get that we want answers from a movie, but the truth is a lot of these movies focus more on what the creatures set up, and not from where they came up. is everyone a fan of those types of stories? no. you know, I personally think that if you want to focus on a theme, having an origin for your story doesn't in her but obviously, it's all about the metaphor. luckily, the screenwriter did add his own little twist of the movie of his ideas of where they may have originated from. and all that comes from a big exposition scene with Charlie telling it to you. got the surrogate from ancient Christian occult beliefs that made pregnant women encounter their unborn children as other creatures, such as lobsters or spiders. he kept the hula gene from China you got the pooka from Celtic mythology, all different names, but the same thing. what's that? the end of us? so while it's not official, according to the screenwriter, Charlie's crazy theories would be his interpretation of where they came from, these demons from different religions that are really all the same entity looking to prey on the fear of people. plus, we already know laura is usually right. but obviously, the big theme of the movie, I got, of it, was parenting, and how unprepared Mallory was going into it, to the point that it felt like she was parenting blindfolded. it's, it's kind of clever. so it's, it's a metaphor for motherhood, what's going on socially in the world. and I think, you know, we're kind of getting to that place where we're not looking at people anymore. we're all very isolated. yep. I'm very happy not to talk to anyone directly or make a call. I said, can I just text you? can I just not have any human contact or and just stay in my pajamas on my bed and go shopping? so in the beginning of the movie, we see on the news that people are killing themselves when they see these creatures. nobody knows exactly what it is, but it's like a Wizarding spell that makes you see your most ridiculous fears and turns you into Zuckerberg. and that's when we meet Mallory. her baby daddy left her, so she's kind of ensure about this baby, because deep inside of her, she's worried that she won't be able to connect to her own child. her sister then takes her to the hospital where they find this lady having a banging headache. and everyone starts going crazy because the creatures have arrived, being so stupid. now some would think it's ridiculous that things would go that crazy that fast, but personally, I don't think it's fast enough. y'all know good and well, that just the thought of a virus what have us killing ourselves in America months before it even spreads over here. so saying, her sister gets blindsided by a truck. she think it's rescued by this lady who picks the wrong day for a sauna. and a bunch of people then find themselves in PD. Wong's house, like a normal Wednesday in Cali. there's the bitter Douglass, who lost his wife and takes these rations a little too seriously. Tom who sandy falls for in the moonlight. Olympia, who shows up with a dumpling of her own, a leader and Machine Gun. Kelly, who are about to make their own, and Cheryl and Charlie, who just mind their own business. but it's not what those kids stories, you know, where they all got crossbows. they're killing each other, justifiable, running around some giant maze. Beauty then brings up his security cameras in hopes of detecting the monsters via heat signature. but because they're worried that it might make him go crazy when he stares at them, they tie him up and leave him alone with his computer in the room. the camera picks up on some wind, which, I'll just say, if the design of the creatures is meant for them to be invisible, I don't know why we keep seeing shadows for them. but either way, they cause BD Wong to flip out, and that's one down. charlie then brings up going to the supermarket where he works for supplies, and they come up with the genius idea of med tinting their windows as they drive using their GPS be like, didn't we just see a bunch of crashes in the way, then abusing the proximity sensors on the car, which is cool until it turns super creepy. and for some reason, these demons are playing by the same rules of the Mist where they won't break into you. to get you, you have to go to them. so luckily, they make it to the supermarket where y'all should have set up camp and stayed there. all of us, collectively, are making the end of the world. after you toss this dude, of course, Charlie ends up sacrificing himself when one of the creatures pulls that stunt the annihilation bear did and pretends to be one of his co-workers seeking help. Sandra quickly remembers how the birds were also you to signal them in arrival, and decides to take them, since, again, if these are demons, the birds would be able to tell when evil entities are nearby. they return back home. Lucy and Felix steal the car, causing Machine Gun Kelly to probably die for the second time in 2018. and then this random dude, ain't Gary appears. now he starts spewing things about how cycles were breaking into his house, and they weren't even wearing blindfolds, meaning they were immune to the creatures. now you can see that, as you know, I'm not having fear, so it didn't affect them. but what I do know is that I didn't trust Gary the moment he walked in. he knocks out trivanti, opens the garage door so the creatures can get inside the mind of John Malkovich. but then this dude goes into the room where these two just gave birth, opens up the window, killing Olympia, cuts Jackie from the cast, but then luckily, Johnny boy and Trayvon to come back and take this fall down. years later, Tom and Malorie are the only survivors with these two kids. one's hers and the other is Olympia's. and they're having this big arguments over how to raise the kids. you know, he wants to give them dreams. she don't even want to give them names, boy, girl. and while they still haven't gotten all their creature questions answered. the only question that I had during this part of the movie was, how is my man still getting enough protein during the apocalypse to keep up with these gates. they make contact with someone over the radio who lets them know about the sanctuary, the Savior's I guess we can call them then come in, trying to get them to look at the creature. so Tom sacrifices himself. and keeping up with the metaphor of raising a five year-old, Sandra gets hit with these Grand Rapids. 16 hours on the river, and they come across this heel sniffing serial killer from minehunters, who claims to have seen the creatures, who I guess can be a metaphor for the creepers you gotta keep away from your kids. 24 hours on the river, and she realizes how lazy kids can be, how quickly they lose things, and how they don't follow directions. 38 hours on the river, and you get the darkest part, where Sandra is ready to sacrifice this little girl and make her look for directions. I don't know if sacrificing a child is a part of the parenting process, but this little girl looked like an Ewok. so how dare you even think of that? we didn't get the forest scene, which, if I'm being honest, this was the scene I was the most critical about. like, I know that this is supposed to be the climax where she embraces being a parent. but I don't get way these two split. yeah, a little girl may have felt a way about it, but these two were raised together, right there. were supposed to be inseparable. they were literally trained to do the exact opposite of what they do in this scene right here. luckily, Sandra's able to daredevil her way and finds them, rushes through the forest and uses them as bumpers, and then finds a sanctuary that they heard about on the radio. I'm not even alive. for a second, I actually thought this was gonna be one of those Walking Dead movies spin-offs. but nah ended up being a school for the blind that's also surrounded by birds for security. in the book, this was actually a little bit darker, because when she finds a sanctuary, everyone in there purposefully gouged out their eyeball so they couldn't see. so this is a little bit more of an optimistic ending. they're able to unite with everybody there. Mallory finally gives these kids their names and Social Security numbers, and the three settle in as they're able to survive another day. but if looking at them makes you want to kill yourself, does that also make this a metaphor for your ex thinking after checking out this video, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section, your theories on the origins and stuff. like I said, sometimes these movies don't have a specific origin, it's really cool that the screenwriter went out and try to make his own. and that's the theories that Charlie has bet. you know, I'm one of those where I definitely think the metaphor stands out about parenting and stuff. it's just, it's okay to have both. you don't have a little little origin plan to your movie. and then also had the theme stick out. I think that they benefit each other. you don't have to pick one over the other. but here's to know what your thoughts about this movie, any other ones, as we get towards the end of the year, that you like anything else that's on Netflix, I guess. and a shout out to Sandra Bullock. I had no idea. obviously, age isn't important, but saying, Sandra Bullock looks better now than she did 20 years ago. you know, sometimes the light hits her and she looks a little bit like tony perkins. better than that, like this girl's still gorgeous. so I'm Kirsten. any thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you your very own blindfold. 