[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're gonna zip through puppet master. three, two, Long's revenge. let's get to it. this one opens in a German laboratory in Berlin, nineteen forty one. major Krauss, doing his best to pull off a German accent by adding some these and Z's to his words, is checking the progress of dr. Hess who's performing some classic Nazi medicine. he's looking for a way to create a zombie frontline capable of absorbing some punishment for the troops. but he appears to have failed again, and is on the verge of receiving some of that old hit leery injustice, when they're all surprised to discover he was temporarily successful. great work. unfortunately, the celebration is more violent than one would want. maybe just an ice cream cake next time. we then cut to tool on performing a dangerous work of satire for some kids, in which is six armed cowboy makes Adolf dance like a little [ __ ]. the children disperse fully satisfied. then this Aryan approaches and creeps everyone out by impersonating a human sized penis as a fellow puppeteer. he's interested in the stringless technique employed. he also makes some veiled threats about the show's content, and then leaves. he creeps to the window and whips out his camera, surprising no one inside. they say some stuff, and then Wiener boy runs off to tattle, believing he's stumbled upon the missing element they've been looking for in the reanimation project. this comes at a perfect time, as Krauss begins putting the pressure on dr. Hesse, who's forced to play his ace card and bring the general into it. the general happens to be engaged in German bathhouse activities at the time. receiving a humid leg spread rubdown, he gives doctor has authority to pursue an investigation of Tula unmolested. when they try to uncover his secrets, elsa steps in and incurs the wrath of the SS. Kraus shows restraint at doctor has his insistence, but when Elsa spits in his face, he has an excuse to satisfy his bloodlust. now, with nothing left loose, and likely headed to a Nazi prison, Toulon allows his puppets to express their true nature, and they immediately began choking and Burling, allowing Toulon to escape. and is somewhat confusing sequence. Kraus learns of his failure, but doesn't return to the theatre until the next morning. - Lana is not there, and they burned down, possibly just the puppet stage. you'd think - Lana has already fled. but then he shows up shortly after. - lon, refreshed by his rage, resolves to let no offender of this transgression go unpunished. he vows no mercy and plenty of leeches. with a clear goal ahead of them, the puppets converging the more like a miniature wooden troop of inglorious bastards. they promptly gear out the coroner and then begin to take a sample from Elsa. another medical technician shows up. since he poses no real threat, they give happy a chance to experiment with his violent side. as he sticks some good and tastes his first blood. these into the darkness and used their sample to animate the Elsa doll, completing the trick by feeding her a leech. they then immediately go out in search of blood. but I thought satire was unacceptable. in retaliation for this bad joke, tiny wretches his face a bit, and Elsa regurgitates a leech, which is gross for sure, but it's not totally clear how this kills. meanwhile, dr. Hess is getting railroaded. it was a reanimated body. has to saved again. when Kraus learns of lieutenant Stein's death. they managed to find the temporary workshop somehow, and Krauss baby rages all over the place. Toulon finds a new hideout and then walks the streets in disguise. he takes a detour through the red light district where the ladies are known to wave the white flag, if you know what I mean. do you? because I have no idea. our gun slinger demonstrates the advantage of extra arms, as he had deftly scales the building, imagines to blast the general, despite losing an arm. the general is then gracious enough to jump out the window, finishing the job. Toulon gets some visitors in his hovel, a young New Zealand Peter and his father, who had to flee the Gestapo and are now playing picnic, you ignorant [ __ ]. despite their best efforts to quell young Peters wanderlust, he goes off in search of adventure, hoping to find the parts Toulon needs to repair his puppets and become a puppeteers apprentice. unfortunately, he arrives at the workshop around the same time dr. Hess comes to see if there any extra secrets lying about. just one in his name's Peter. the doctor immediately begins to manipulate the young, impressionable simpleton and convinces him to lead them to two lon. luckily, dr. Hess really does have reverence for two lon. seeing the Majesty in his work, we find out that the reanimation works best when imposed upon a willful spirit. each of the puppets have been endowed with the essence of one of his friends killed by the Nazis. Peter's father, looking to earn his family's freedom, has led soldiers back to the hideout. however, Toulon and the gang are still in fighting mode, and the first soldier gets bricked in the face. the puppets go crazy on the rest, taking them out one by one in their own way. dr. Hess spends a little too long staring at this injured soldier and gets gutted for his effort. the rest of the group barely manages to make it out. Peter shows up and pledged his allegiance to the murderous cause. and we find ourselves back across his office. his puppet is there somehow. it's not clear whose soul it has. anyway, they act like Kraus opened the lament configuration, hooking his limbs and hanging him over an axe, before lighting the rope on fire and letting nature take its course. two, lon takes off after that, presumably for a bodega bay. and that's puppetmaster 3, the backstory. I hope you enjoyed the video. thanks for watching. [Applause] 