hey guys. what's up? welcome to screen crush. I'm Ryan arey. the arrowverse is composed of six different superhero TV shows. there are a total of 372 episodes. so to do this recap, we're going to leave out a lot of this and this and some of this. here's a recap of the entire arrow verse. let's start where it all began. arrow playboy Oliver Queen, is away on a yacht. there's a big storm, the boat sinks. Ali's dad dies, but gives him a book of really bad guys who live back in Starling city, like the burn book if it was written by Arya Stark. ollie learns to be a badass by training with these guys, working with black ops, getting a magic tattoo and becoming a captain in the Russian Bratva. after five years, he returns to become the bow and arrow building vigilante called the Green Arrow. his identity is totally a secret, except for all of these people, who will mostly figure it out on their own. Oliver is aided by Felicity Smoak, a computer whiz at his family's corporation, and his bodyguard, John Diggle, a former soldier, his ex-girlfriend Laurel and her police captain dad hate him for cheating on her with her sister Sara, who died on the yacht. back to the list, it's a group of rich [ __ ] who want to cause an earthquake in UK. this group is led by Malcolm Merlyn, who's also the villain dark Archer. Malcolm is also the secret father of Thea Ali's sister. Thea starts danger dating a pickpocket named Roy, who also grew up in again, today, Malcolm sets off the earthquake, but is defeated by Oliver. laurels sister Sara returns as a new vigilante, trained by the League of Assassins, an ancient ninja Club. Ollie defeats a villain called Deathstroke. this guy's his ex friend, who now takes super steroids. afterwards, Ollie locks him up in a secret Jail. back on the island, Roy also takes some super roids, and now he's got the temperament of a 1990s baseball player. he gets better, fakes his death, then leaves the show for a little while. while all this was happening, Barry Allen, a police scientist from Central City, comes to town to help the police with the case. after going back home, Barry is struck by lightning. when Barry was 11, his mom was killed by a super fast speedster in yellow but the cops pendant on his dad. Barry was raised by detective Joe West and fell in love with his daughter, iris. she's kind of his sister. but this isn't illegal or anything, still frowned upon. across town, there's a science facility called STAR Labs run by dr. Harrison wells with Cisco and Caitlin. an experiment backfires and gives powers to a lot of random bad guys. but also, Barry gains access to another mentioned called the speedforce, which gives him SuperSpeed. this team of geniuses helped Barry become the flash. flash apprehensive bad guy such as Leonard snart inist partner Mick. they use hot and cold guns to steal, and don't have any powers, unless you count their silky, smooth voices. if you want out, take the painting and go. the team figures out that Harrison wells is actually an imposter, and that he was killed years ago and replaced by the speech during the yellow suit. his name is eobard thawne, aka the reverse-flash. and he's Flash's arch enemy from the distant future. flash captures reverse flash, and it turns out that he needs Barry's help to get back to the future. and he says that in exchange, he'll help Barry go back in time and save his mother. he almost agrees, but then he bards ancestor Eddie kills himself, wiping reverse flash from existence. so kids, the big hero of flash season 1 is suicide. great messaging, CW Cisco learns. and he's a metahuman with psychic powers. he starts dating a woman named Kendra, who turns out to be the reincarnation of an Egyptian and has Hawk powers. she's hunted by an immortal villain named Vandal Savage. this is like a really badass sequel to the Opera Aida, give me those like stop her fans. she and her boyfriend, Hawkman, team up with a flashing green arrow to kill Vandal Savage temporarily. iris finds her long-lost brother Wally. just to zoom, a villain from an alternate earth called Earth 2 shows up to eat Barry Speed. evil doppelganger is working for zoom. include Caitlin's killer frost and laurels, black siren and the shark guy, who isn't relevant, but just looks awesome. zoom, kills Barry's dad, but then Barry defeat zoom. unable to lose both his parents, Barry runs back in time to save his mom's life. flashpoint. now let's briefly talk about John Constantine, who doesn't figure into all this very much, except that he's a non super-powered Exorcist who fights demons, he drinks a lot and investigates supernatural threats. at one point, he gives Oliver a magical tattoo. back in Star City. Oliver loses this company to tech genius Ray Palmer, who builds his own shrinking super suit and becomes the superhero called the atom. Nyssa al Ghul, a member of the League of Assassins. and Sarah's ex-girlfriend trains Laurel to become the hero Black Canary, and Malcolm trains Thea had a fight. so now everyone on the show arrow is a superhero. it turns out Malcolm is a member of the League of Assassins, who are led by Ra's al Ghul. he's lived to be a thousand by schvitzing and a magic hot tub called the Lazarus Pit. Oliver gets into a war with Roz, pretends to join the league and then takes it down from the inside. then Nyssa disband the league forever. but former League member, damian darhk--. has started his own evil organization called hive. dark gets his powers from idol, but vixen, a superhero who harnesses the abilities of animals, destroys the idol and they send dark to jail for about five minutes. then he breaks out and kills Laurel. in the final fight, Oliver kills dark with his magic tattoo. and then Oliver becomes mayor. would it be great if that's just how we picked our mayor's? now let's talk about legends of tomorrow, a group of time travelers whose sacred charge is to never screw up the timeline. rip hunter is a Time Master from the future who wants to stop Vandal Savage from conquering the world and killing his family. he defies the wishes of the time Council, stealing a ship and recruiting a team to help him. they include firestorm, who's made up from the nuclear mind-meld of Martin Stein, and Jefferson, Jack's Jackson, Sara from arrow. Ray Palmer McCann, Leonard, Hawkman and Hawk woman. the team is looking for magic items that can be used to kill Savage. they go to a dystopian future the Old West. they kidnap their baby selves. they fight a giant robot in the future. it's pretty fun stuff. the time Council reveals that they were working with savage all along. what it turns out that a 2175 earth will be invaded by aliens, and only Vandal Savage can save the human race. but the team destroys the time Council, and Leonard gives his life to save everyone. savage dies. Kendra and Carter quit, and everyone else keeps protecting the timeline. but presumably in 2175, everybody still thought later. historian Nate Heywood finds the Waverider under the ocean and helps Mick reassemble the team after a nuclear explosion in 1942 scattered them across time. rip is still missing, and Sarah becomes the new captain. the legends return to the 40s and team up with a superhero team the Justice Society of America. vixens ancestor, who's also named Dixon, joins the team, and Nate takes a super serum that gives them the power to turn himself into living metal. they discover that reverse flash has teamed up with Malcolm Merlyn and damian darhk--. calling themselves the Legion of Doom. their plan is to reassemble the spear of destiny, which can completely alter reality after it's stabbed Jesus Christ. they collect spear pieces by going to Camelot the moon, and along the way, they meet young George Lucas and j.r.r tolkien. they fight dinosaurs and zombie Confederate soldiers and finally make out with computer programs. [Music]. it's a lot of fun, but the Legion wins and remakes reality, then the team turns it back, mostly in present-day. there's all sorts of time aberrations caused by the damage to the timeline. next up we have Superman's cousin, Supergirl. she lives on an alternate earth and rarely interacts with the other heroes. Supergirl, or Cara, was raised by the Danvers family. she works at Catco worldwide. when a tech genius and Jimmy Olsen, Superman's best friend, over the years, there's a lot of love Pentagon's between Cara Alex, when James and Lucy Lane, she's Lois, his sister. said, there's a lot of this. her sister, Alex, is a scientist for the de Oh, a government agency that protects Earth from alien threats. the leader of this agency is secretly an alien himself, called the Martian Manhunter, who can read minds, erase memories and transform into other people. he's the last survivor of the green Martian race. the rest, including his family, were killed by white Martians first race war, huh? Kara's aunt, Astra, is a former Kryptonian prisoner who now wants to conquer earth. but she's killed by Alex and humanity is saved. Cara and John find a spaceship with Mon Ellen side. he's the Prince of Jackson, Krypton, sister planet, ruled by a dictatorship. and there's some alien rights stuff in this season, with the president, who's secretly an alien, wanted to give other aliens amnesty. the premise of this show is what would happen if the public knew that aliens lived on earth? Supergirl teams up with Superman to save the life of Lena luthor, younger sister of Lex. Lena's different from her family, and she becomes Cara's friend. Lena's mother is the leader of a shady anti-alien government group called Cadmus. the Luthor's Ankara detonated a device that disperses LED in the atmosphere, forcing the daksa minds to leave, because they're totally allergic to LED. but mono is sucked into a wormhole. every hero gets together for a crossover. when aliens called the dominators invade, they kill the president and mind-control some of the heroes and let them live out their dream lives, kind of like they're in the matrix. the heroes overcome mutual distrust to defeat the dominators and send them back into space, back to arrow where all these new recruits joined the team. mister terrific wild dog, Artemis, also the name of my cat, and the new black canary. the new villain, Prometheus, is secretly District Attorney Adrian chase. he wants revenge on Oliver for killing his father. he's working with black siren, who you'll remember was laurels, evil, super-powered doppelganger from earth to team Prometheus kidnaps team arrow, along with Oliver's long-lost son, William, and takes them all back to the island. everybody always wants to go back to the island. it's like in Jurassic Park. chase plants bombs all over the island near all of all of us friends, and then kidnaps William. all chooses to save his son instead of his friends. in the island explodes, nearly killing off his entire supporting cast. after the explosion, Oliver takes custody of William, and he's outed as the green arrow. team arrow splits up, and quentin takes a bullet meant for earth to Laurel and dies in surgery. very sad. now earth to Laurel regrets being a bad guy. in Oliver spends the season fight in a villain called the Dragon. Oliver admits to the FBI that he's green arrow in exchange for immunity for his team. Diggle becomes the new Green Arrow, while Felicity and William go into wit Pro now the FBI runs Star City, and the dragon wants to recruit three mystical assassins called the longbow hunters, who seemed to scare the out of everybody. there's a couple of loose ends here. Thea, Roy and Nyssa all leave town to destroy other Lazarus pits. Malcolm's new assassin group, the family test guild, is trying to stop them. and Deathstroke, who no longer has super steroids in a system and is back to being a nice guy, goes to look for his long-lost son's granting Kaine, who is, it turns out, as a bad guy now. but all of this is part of an alternate reality, because Barry went back in time to save his mother, creating an alternate timeline called flash point, where Wally is the flash Barry tries to reset the timeline, but not everything goes back to normal. Jesse wells from earth-2 is now a speedster. Caitlin has killer frost ice powers, and Barry works with Draco Malfoy. Barry goes to the future where he sees a Speed God named saboteur kill iris. so they get engaged. yeah, Barry, you got to lock that down. you should write that down. Caitlin becomes killer frost full-time and joins avatar. and Barry figures out that saboteur is actually himself from the future, and that he's been behind everything all along. what IRA shoots avatar with especial bazooka. but Barry has to go live in a Speed Force prison because if he doesn't, the world will end. by Barry, time passes and earth to Harrison Wells rejoins the team, and Caitlin can be killer frost whenever she wants. she and Cisco free. Barry accidentally created more metahumans. one is named Ralph, give me, a former detective who can now stretch and shape-shift. a new villain called the thinker, can transfer his mind into other people's bodies and absorb other metahumans to steal their powers. team flash defeats the thinker, but earth to Harry accidentally becomes kind of dumb afterwards. another speedster, Nora West Allen, shows up and tells everybody, I'm your daughter, Nora. oh, and there's a robot Samurai. now, the show Black Lightning is not officially part of the arrowverse yet. so just very briefly, Jefferson Pierce is a high school principal, a father of two, and is secretly the superhero black lightning. his daughters also have superpowers. in season one, he defeats a government agency that kept super-powered kids and freezers. but the main villain is a crime lord named Tobias, who killed Jefferson's dad. let's pick up with the legends, who caused a lot of problems in the timestream. rip hunter creates a new time bureau to fix all of these time aberrations. and now there's a time demon called malice who's using the aberrations to try to escape hell. and he's being assisted by damian darhk--. and his daughter, Nora, but they'll both eventually switch sides. everyone is trying to get six totems that control all aspects of the earth, kind of like the Rings and Captain Planet. to track down the totems, they visit Julius Caesar, Helen of Troy, Blackbeard, Elvis and save Barack Obama from a super-intelligent talking gorillas. it's a lot of fun. the team adds a few new members, like Wally West and zari, a hacker from a dystopian future. John Constantine also shows up to defeat the army of pirates, Vikings and Romans that are working to free the demon. they let their powers combine into a giant spirit that takes the form of a toy called bebo. nine years year, the season ends with rip sacrificing his life. Nixon goes back to 1942, and Constantine tells them that a lot of other demons have recently escaped hell and only alternate earth of Supergirl. bourdelle returns from the future where he was in a group called the Legion of super-heroes. one of these heroes, Brainiac 5, has taken the group into the past to stop an extinction-level event. meanwhile, a Krypton worshiping cult called the children of rau have resurrected a Kryptonian world Killer, a bean who essentially Terra forms planets at a Krypton. this world Killer is called rain, and it takes control of Sam. Sam is also from Krypton. it was genetically engineered to house the world killer, but she doesn't know any of that. she's become the new CEO of ELQ or after Lena Luthor buys Catco after cat became the White House press secretary. MA Nell and Cara find her mom living in a city in space. she gives them a special rock that separates Sam from rain. later on, rain goes to another dimension, drinks magic water and is taken away by ghosts. John steps down from the DAO to become part of a human world. Alex takes the job instead, and when has created a new super suit for afterwards, win goes to the future with mono in the Legion, because, apparently in the future, he's regarded as the Thomas Edison of his time. and finally, Cara, going into another dimension, created a doppelganger ever who's walking around Siberia. and then all these shows get together for another giant crossover crisis on Earth X. all of the heroes gather for berry and irises wedding, but then super-powered Nazis from another dimension bust in and take a bunch of people prisoner. the Nazis are from Earth X, a planet ruled by evil Oliver and evil Cara. evil Cara is dying from too much solar radiation, so they want regular Cara's heart to fix her. some of the heroes are trapped in an earth X internment camp, and they meet Leo snart, aka citizen cold. he was locked up for dating another man, the REA leader of a resistance group called the freedom fighters the race, sends an Android named a red tornado to destroy the gateway to Earth, one to trap evil car and Oliver over there. the heroes stopped the plan, but unfortunately, Martin Stein is caught in the crossfire and dies from a gunshot wound. the team saves Cara, and she flies evil car into the sky where she can explode safely. Oliver takes advantage of all the distractions and kills himself. Barry and iris get married. so Felicity and Oliver say, God, what the hell? they get hitched as well. and that's where we left off with all the CW shows. I know I had to cut out a lot, so if you wouldn't mind share in the comments what really important bits of information a new viewer would need. thanks for watching, guys. and if you're new here, please subscribe for screen Crush. I'm Ryan Arry. [Music]. 