story recapped here. today, i'm going to explain a horror, mystery and thriller film called pet cemetery. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. on the way to their new home, louis creed, his wife rachel, their children, ellie and gage, and their cat named church, arrive in the small town of ludlow, maine from boston. they have moved to a remote woodland home, leaving their big city lifestyle behind. the family happily settles in as they explore the features of their new home. having been a doctor in boston, louis finds a similar job in the small town and now works at the local hospital. at home, rachel and ellie are unboxing their stuff when they hear marching sounds coming from outside. out of curiosity, they follow the sounds into the woods where they see a procession of children in masks. they quickly discover that the children are holding a funeral for a dog, and they're taking it to the pet cemetery. feeling uncomfortable about this, rachel decides to return to the house and watch a show instead. moments later, while rachel is busy fixing things around the house, ellie runs outside without permission and walks into the woods to find the group of kids. she eventually arrives at the pet cemetery where she sees several crosses on the ground. she also sees a big pile of wood and attempts to climb it, thinking that something may be behind it. as she climbs, a man named judd calls her attention. his voice startles her, and she falls from the pile. judd helps ellie with her wound as he explains that the place has been used to bury pets for generations, and the children use masks in the procession as a part of a ritual. he also tells her that among the wooden crosses, he has buried one of his former pets. as he explains more about the place, rachel finds ellie and gets mad at her for wandering into the woods. after they are introduced, rachel thanks judd for helping ellie out, and they return home. just as the mother and daughter walk away, judd hears whispers from the pile of woods ordering him to come back, but he completely ignores it. that night, as louis and rachel tuck ellie to bed, she expresses concerns about how long church will live. but her parents reassure her that their cat will be around for a long time. she also asks why some people die at a young age, bringing up zelda rachel's sister, who was just a teenager when she died. the mention of her sister saddens rachel, and she recalls a haunting memory of her tending to zelda while she looks at her pictures after bedtime. the couple gets into a small argument about the conversation they had with ellie earlier. rachel insists that he should not talk to ellie about death from such a blunt point of view. a man named victor is brought to the emergency room at the hospital after being hit by a truck while skating. the nurses see it as an unhopeful case, as his organs are now visible and he is losing a significant amount of blood. louis tries his best to save him, but victor holds on to him while letting out his final breath. after several attempts to revive him, louis stops and logs his death. he is then shaken to find victor sitting down on the bed, saying that the barrier is not meant to be broken. he snaps out of the vision when a nurse enters the room, but he remains bothered by the experience. on the way home, he couldn't get over the vision of victor's ghost talking to him as he reaffirms his disbelief in the afterlife. he almost gets into an accident. the following day, ellie comes over to judd's house to bring him cookies, but he isn't at home. she enters the house and observes the pictures around the house. she then finds a revolver in one of his drawers. eventually, judd arrives home, and ellie asks about the woman in the pictures. he tells her that it's his late wife, norma, who passed away after being sick. to lighten judd's mood, she invites him over to dinner at their house. the old man is thankful for the invitation and strikes a good friendship with the family and their cat. as they talk about the range of the property, the family learns that they now own the pet cemetery. judd looks concerned, but they do not go deeper into the topic. that night, louie gets out of bed after hearing whispering noises coming from inside their room. he hears victor's voice and follows it into the foggy pet cemetery where he gets a vivid side of victor's ghost talking to him. he ends up in the pile of woods, and a hand pulls him from inside. suddenly, gage wakes him up before he's pulled into the dirt. at first, louis thinks that he must have been dreaming, but when he looks down, he finds his feet kicked in mud, making him think that his dream was more than just a nightmare. while ellie and her friends play by the house on halloween, louis compliments their costumes. from a distance, he sees judd with a worried expression. feeling concerned, louis approaches his neighbor. judd reveals that he found church's lifeless body after being hit by a truck. louie lifts the cat, raising concerns about how devastated ellie will be. the little girl playfully calls her dad, but he tells her to wait by the house, still trying to shield her from church's gruesome death. eventually, judd convinces him to bury the cat deep in the pet cemetery, reassuring him that he will take care of everything. later that day, louis informs rachel about their beloved cat. she tears up, feeling that this is such a sensitive topic. she is still traumatized from her sister's death, who suffered spinal meningitis, and still gets flashbacks of the past. unable to hold her thoughts any longer, she shares about zelda, who used to hate her for being perfectly healthy. rachel was always the one in charge of bringing food to her room. however, one night, their parents left them alone in the house, so she used the dumbwaiter instead of just bringing the food upstairs, a rule her parents strictly imposed. knowing about the rule, the young rachel did it anyway, which instantly made her regret it. as she pressed the button up, she heard thumping noises and opened the dumb waiter to see the food all messed up. in a matter of seconds, zelda falls, causing her death. since then, rachel blames herself for everything, even claiming that zelda is still calling for her. as night falls, chad and louie go to the pet cemetery to bury church. they soon find an empty spot but judd recalls how much ellie loves the cat, so he decides to bring louis beyond the cemetery by climbing over the pile of woods. along the way, they see weird symbols carved on the trees, and hear wailing noises. judd explains that it is not a big deal. as they arrive at the perfect spot, judd instructs louis to bury church, but the old man's demeanor has slightly changed. the following morning, louis and rachel prepare to tell their daughter the church has run away. ellie disagrees and claims that she saw her pet by her window last night. this takes luia back, knowing well enough that he buried the cat. so he checks around and sees muddy paw prints inside the room. ellie points in her closet, saying that church is right there. so louis opens it, only to see their cat hissing at him. heavily confused by this, louis confronts chad about the cat's resurrection, and the old man reveals that the burial grounds beyond the cemetery can bring pets back from the dead. judd tells him calmly that what they did was all for ellie. for days, louie has trouble grasping that idea and spends most of his time researching the topic, hoping that there is a scientific explanation for it. meanwhile, ellie groom's church, whose fur is still covered in dried mud. however, the cat acts aggressively toward her and scratches her, something which never happened before. the cat then enters rachel and louie's room unknowingly, and scares them while they're having an intimate moment. the couple is shocked to find church at the end of their bed, tearing a bird apart and eating it alive. louis brings it out of the room, but the cat acts more aggressively toward him while he is in the basement trying to get a hold of it. once again, rachel cleans up their bed and hears faint noises from the bathroom. she opens the medicine cabinet and sees a hollow space that resembles their dumb waiter from her childhood. not long after, she sees zelda falling from above, just like how she last saw her. the distressed rachel runs to her husband, saying that she wants to move somewhere else. but he reassures her that everything will be okay. lou looks at ellie's drawings in the living room, comes across a disturbing drawing, and then asks her about it. to his surprise, ellie tells him that gage was the one who drew it. so he confronts his son in his room. unexpectedly, louis sees church sitting on gage in his crib, causing a little boy to cry. having had enough of the cat's unusual behavior, louis goes over to judd's place to know the entirety of the mysterious things that have been circling the cat. judd reveals to louis that the place is believed to be inhabited by a strong spirit known to the people as the wendigo. he apologizes, thinking that the cat would return the same as compared to his dog, biff, who also came back to life after burying it in the same place. however, in jud's case, the dog came back completely changed. according to him, his parents got rid of the aggressive dog by putting it down twice. now, coming up with a solution louis attempts to euthanize church, but is unsuccessful after the cat looks at him fearfully. instead, he sets it free in the wild and completely abandons the cat. during ellie's birthday, she remains underwhelmed by all the festivities because she misses church. louis tries to uplift her with a new teddy as a gift, finally making her smile. while playing a parlor game with the guest, ellie spots church in the middle of the road. she runs toward her beloved pet, with her brother following her behind. unbeknownst to them, a truck is speeding down the road. louis sees gage making his way to the road, so he rushes to save him, just in time. however, the commotion causes the truck driver to swerve off road to avoid hitting the child. unfortunately, the tank breaks loose from the truck, hitting ellie and killing her. instantly, realizing what happened, rachel and louis run to their daughter and find her lifeless beside the road. both of them break into tears as louis embraces his daughter, while rachel could not even gather the courage to look at her. at ellie's funeral, a devastating impact hits her family, affecting her parents marriage and their life in general. sinking into deep depression, rachel decides to spend days at her parents house bring engage with her. that night, louie and judd spend the night by a campfire, where the old man tells him not to give in to the idea of burying ellie's body beyond the pet cemetery. louis drugs judd before heading to the cemetery to exhume his daughter's corpse. despite the ghost of victor warning him not to go to the deadfall, he disregards it and continues to walk deeper into the woods. meanwhile, rachel experiences scary visions of her own and her childhood home, and finds gage frighten. after calling out victor's name, the little kid cries out of fear after seeing the ghostly figure of his father's former patient. as he nears his destination, louis encounters the infamous wendigo and hears wailing noises. determined to bring his daughter back to life, he ignores the sounds and reburies her on the sacred soil on that very night, louis is awoken by sounds from downstairs, where he finds church back at the house. he checks outside, sees nothing. but as he heads back inside, muddy footprints are visible from the doorway. louis follows it down to the basement, reuniting with ellie, who's covered in dirt. overcome with grief, he embraces his little girl and helps her clean up. unlike the sweet girl she once was, ellie displays cold behavior and manifests a disturbing demeanor. as he tucks her to bed. ellie asks louie if he could sleep beside her. he agrees to it, but his daughter keeps saying sinister things. he wakes up the next day to an empty bed and finds ellie dancing in the living room before throwing things around the house. when louis stops her, she lashes out at him instead. meanwhile, rachel starts worrying about louie, as he is unresponsive to her calls. so she asks judd a favor to check on him at home while she is still stuck in traffic. after hearing from her, john hurriedly goes over to the creed's home, but louis sends him away as if he is hiding something. sensing that something is amiss, judd reminds him that it is not too late to undo it. after going home, judd spots ellie from her bedroom window and gets frightened at the sight of her. he immediately locks all his doors and gets ready to defend himself. he suddenly hears mysterious noises and goes upstairs, only to find church who managed to enter his house unnoticed. suddenly, ellie appears from behind and stabs judd with a scalpel she stole from her father. she wears a mask and taunts him. she then mocks him by taking norma's form and blaming everything on him. before jud could reach for his revolver, ellie viciously stabs him to death. back in their house, louie, rachel and gage reunite after seeing the wounds on her husband. she asks what is going on, to which he replies, i needed more time with her. he then reveals that he bid time to properly say goodbye to ellie. while the little girl simultaneously walks over to them, gage happily calls out his sister, while rachel looks horrified as her supposed dead daughter, hugs her, rachel pushes her away, which gives ellie the impression that she doesn't want her there. she gives her mother a sinister look while she carries gage upstairs. after louis explains everything to her, rachel remains unconvinced. he then goes down to find out that ellie has fled alone. in the room, rachel gets haunted by zelda's ghost. she starts hallucinating and sees herself in her sister's position. in zelda's bed, she finds herself with a disease that made her feet and body disfigured. out of nowhere, the dumbwaiter reveals a set of hands, before zelda comes out of it to lay beside her. suddenly, rachel wakes up to find out that it is just a nightmare. she examines the room and sees gage calmly standing by his crib, when suddenly ellie comes from beside the bed and stabs her. while this happens, louis finds judd's blood-drenched body beside church, and hardly runs back home after realizing that ellie is responsible for it. the ghostly child chases her mother and her brother, who manages to hide in a separate room. ellie forces herself in. when louis arrives with rachel desperately asking for help from the window. she lets louie catch gage before ellie fatally stabs her. it's too late for her husband to rescue her. as he arrives in the room, rachel begs him with her dying breath not to bury her in the same place, but ellie knocks him unconscious. contrary to her wishes. ellie drags her mother's body to the pet cemetery at the place. ellie tries to kill louis, but he fights her with all his will and manages to knock her to the ground. after a brawl, as he is about to decapitate his daughter, the resurrected rachel impales him, and the mother-daughter duo drags his body to the burial grounds to suffer the same fate as them. along with church. the three set fire to judd's house. they turn their attention to gage, who's in the car. despite their zombified state, gage is unshaken by their looks and is excited to reunite with his family. just as the car doors are unlocked. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 