welcome. my name is sophia, and now i'm going to talk about charlie and the chocolate factory. charlie bucket as a poor boy who lives near the wonka candy company. the company's owner, willy wonka, has long closed access to his factory due to problems concerning industrial espionage that led him to fire all his employees, among them charlie's grandpa, joe. one day, wonka announces a contest in which golden tickets have been placed in five random wonka bars worldwide, and the winners will be given a full tour of the factory as well as the lifetime supply of chocolate, while one ticket holder will be given a special prize at the end of the tour. wonka's sales subsequently skyrocket, and the first four tickets are found fairly quickly. the recipients are augustus gloop, a gluttonous german boy, veruca salt, a very spoiled english girl, violet borigard, an arrogant gum chewer, and mike tv, an ill-tempered television and video game addict. charlie tries twice to find a ticket, but both bars come up empty. after overhearing that the final ticket was found in russia. charlie finds a 10 note and purchases a wonka bar at a news shop at the exact moment it is revealed that the russian ticket was forged. charlie discovers the real fifth ticket inside the rapper. charlie receives monetary offers for the ticket, but decides to keep it and bring grandpa joe to accompany him on the factory tour. charlie and the other ticket holders are greeted outside the factory by wonka, who then leads them into the facility. individual character flaws cause four children to give into temptation, resulting in their elimination from the tour, while the oompa loompas sing a song of morality after each elimination. during the tour, flashbacks reveal wonka's troubled past. his father, a prominent dentist named wilbur, strictly forbade wonka from consuming candy due to the potential risk to his teeth, and also made wonka wear uncomfortable braces. after sneaking over a piece of candy, wonka was instantly hooked and ran away from home to follow his dreams. when he returned, both his father and their house were gone. after the tour, the four children leave the factory with an exaggerated characteristic or deformity related to their demise. while charlie learns wonka intended to find a worthy heir to his factory. since charlie was the least rotten of the five, wonka invites charlie to come live and work in the factory with him, on the condition that charlie leave his family behind, just as wonka did. charlie declines, as his family is the most important thing in his life. charlie and his family live contently a while later, however, wonka is too depressed to make candy the way he used to, causing his candy to sell poorly and his company to decline. he turns to charlie for advice. charlie decides to help wonka confront and reconcile with his estranged father. wonka finally realizes the value of family, while his father learns to accept his son for who he is and not what he does. afterward, wonka allows charlie and his family to move into the factory together. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 