welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode, were breaking down the new season of narcos Mexico. throughout the video, we're going to be giving our thoughts on the latest entry and discussing the real-life events that inspired it. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the season yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of narcos Mexico, season 2. season 1 followed agent of the DEA, Kiki, played by Michael Pena, hot on the tail of drug trafficker Felix. we watched as they played a game of cat-and-mouse that came to a sticky end. Kiki was tortured and killed by Felix. and in order to combat the war on drugs, the u.s. sent in its own agents to infiltrate the cartels within the country. season 2 of narcos Mexico is very much about the retribution for Kiki's death. Felix crossed the line in killing the agent and nurse, escalation and shoes within the US. government having to also step over the boundaries in order to keep up with the Rays stakes knockos. up until this point has very much been a case of the cartels being in control and the DEA trying to play catch-up with them. however, where season 2 differs is that it switches up the dynamics and actually has the US. forces making the first move and driving the charge. in comparison to the other previous protagonists, Walt feels like he moves in shades of grey. in the past, everything was by the book, but after the cartel themselves broke the rules, things have changed. they passed suspects across the border, carry out insane carjacks, torture suspects and use guerrilla tactics to attain their targets. this newfound power doesn't necessarily make things easier though, and quickly they realize they don't have the cartel. the cartel has them. early on, the season has one of the most brutal scenes in the series so far, and it mirrors Kiki's fate at the end of the first there's a great theme through the season that in fighting monsters, you should avoid becoming one. and you start to wonder who is really the bad guy in all of this. after the Mexican earthquake in 1985, the country is in the midst of a political shake-up. the presidential campaign that arises from this plays a big part in the show, and this puts many people, most notably felix, in a vulnerable position. seizures are up, the DEA has doubled its number, and as we know from the real-life story, felix is living on borrowed time. where the ending of the prior season made us think that he may end up being more cautious, it's actually quite the opposite. he still throws lavish parties, gets given tigers as gifts. and all of this attracts further attention. it pays to have friends, and his actions force him to reach out to other big names, such as Don Horn. however, quickly he realizes that not many wish to be his ally due to the war that he has created. this draws heavily from the real-life story of felix. and as usual, the show perfectly recaptures history in real life. after the special unit identified felix as the perpetrator of Kiki's murder. they slowly began to uncover all of the corrupt officials involved as well. this kicked off a search for him, but he maintained political protection for a large part of the late 80s. people refused to testify against him, took the blame and more, but he painted himself into a corner. felix was one whose reach always exceeded his grasp, and this ambition was ultimately his downfall. the real-life figure was born in bellavista on a lowly ranch. and this rise from peasant to kingpin probably made him believe he was invincible. felix was initially a Mexican federal judicial police agent that worked as a bodyguard for a state politician. but as we know, he eventually got into narcotics trafficking and took control of several routes. we also see Isabella Bautista on a similar path to Felix, wishing to cut off many in order to get her own roots. though a fictional character, isabella is actually based heavily on Sandra Beltran. Beltran was the daughter of Maria Felix and Alfonso Quintero, former cartel owners. her family connections helped her become the so called queen of the drug trade. and officials say that she was the niece of Felix, but this was often disputed. she reportedly had several affairs with well-known drug barons, and both of her husband's were ex police commanders. both were killed by assassins. and she rose through the ranks until her high-profile arrests in 2007. Beltran operated for decades without giving the police anything they could pin on her. but after a son was kidnapped and had a five million dollar ransom slapped on his head, she contacted the authorities. this gave them an in, and they took a closer look at Beltran and arrested her not long after, though she described herself in police interviews as a housewife who earned money selling clothes. she was convicted of laundering billions of dollars. Beltran spent seven years in jail, but after charges were dropped, she was allowed to walk free. another big female character in the season is Mimi Webb Miller, who becomes involved in the cartel life through a boyfriend, Pablo Acosta. Mimi actually avoided persecution, possibly due to her relationship with former presidents and the fact her uncle was a senator. Pablo was a botched for her saying that she didn't have anything to do with it. even though the show does say that she was aware of what was going on, it's ambiguous over whether Mimi was involved or not. so I don't want to say she had anything to do with it, as the show could bend the truth, or it may not. and at this point, the only thing we know is that she was never charged for any of the events depicted in the season. when Pablo was killed, Mimi left the life behind, and currently she runs tours along the border of Mexico and the United States. and finally, another notable character that comes into his own in this season is El Chapo. chapo pretty much has a reputation right now that puts him up there in statue with Escobar. he is considered to be one of the most powerful traffickers of all time. he entered the narcotics trade through his father and created several roots to move his boss, hector salazar's product. he ended up supervising logistics for felix, and after Galanos arrest formed his own cartel. chapo had his hand in everything. and due to the tunnels he built under the border, he was able to export more than any other figure in history. Forbes even ranked him as one of the most powerful people in the world. from 2009 to 2013, chapo was first captured in 1993, where he was extradited and sentenced to 20 years. however, after bribing guards at the maximum security prison--. he managed to escape. in 2001. he became a fugitive with an 8 million-dollar bounty on his head, and was finally arrested in 2014. he once more escaped through a tunnel in his cell, before he was recaptured in 2016. Chapo had Gira's, killed, bribed officials and was one of the most influential figures in the narcotics business for a long time. finally, in 2019, he was caught and found guilty of a vast amount of criminal charges. he is currently serving a life sentence in ADX, Florence, but whether he stays there remains to be seen. all in all, there are a number of notable characters. and personally, if I had to ding the series, I would say that it feels overstuffed. whereas the original centered around Pablo Escobar, this pulls a lot more in, and some of the plot threads seem to drag slightly, as it's difficult to get attached to any character when we spend so much time with them. the season clocking in at 10 hours, definitely feels a lot slower than the others. and these elements of it made it slightly less engaging for me than the prior entries. in the beginning, there's a lot of repetition throughout, with people sitting around talking about deals, rather than there being a tense feeling to what's going on. the season finally gets it through us to it when Felix becomes involved in the political part either PRI he rigs an election and shows he is elevated in terms of what he's willing to do. this is where everything gets interesting. I just wish it didn't take so long to get to this point. the voter suppression and the broadcasting of big results is genius, and actually reflects our own times and the world of fake news that we live in. this makes the show extremely relevant to today's current climate and shows how easily the public can be manipulated. those around him begin to turn against him, and Walt meets with Mimi, who takes him to Pablo, where they discuss Felix's organization, and the couple decide to get out. it's revealed that Mimi is pregnant, and it's clear that she's changed Pablo's perception of the world. he rats out Felix and gives up the names of those involved in the operation to a newspaper. after realizing that sooner or later, they will kill him, he isolates himself and surrounds himself with protection. but this doesn't guarantee safety. in an FBI raid that they storm is complex, and it's one of the most in hence action scenes in the show's history. Walt goes in and talks him into a deal, and he has to personally use himself as a shield in order to protect him. Acosta, similar to real life, is killed during the situation, and thus he cannot provide more intel on Felix. however, Felix still has problems on top of this. not only is he betrayed by Hector, he's also tasked with shipping 70 tons in what seems like an almost impossible situation. he requires the government's assistance for this. and because of it, the election results become crucial his manipulation is discovered, and he reaches out to other connected figures in order for them to help. they alter the election results, and once more, Mexico falls victim to a fraud government. Felix is back on to move the product. but this blind ambition to shift 70 tons also puts a target on his back. he once more shows that endless ambition can be a bad thing. and Felix's downfall was based purely on the fact that he tried to step outside of the accepted rules and run things his own way. this was exemplified in Kiki's death and also his goal here. just as the planes are about to take off, the operation is brought to a halt by the DEA. and it really ramps up the stakes in the penultimate episode. turns out to be an ambush, and it makes for a gripping and tense standoff between both sides of the fence. Walt is left as the only survivor and put on reassignment. the people he promised rewards to for the help are neglected. and it's clear that this was a big loss for the DEA and Sacramento. he's resigned to a desk job and has to watch the seizures on the news. it comes as a shock to everyone when the biggest haul ever is brought in our warehouse. and this massively rocked Felix and his associates plans. felix sends out a hit squad and an assassin kills Hector's wife and her children. this really happened, with Felix's mole getting the character to fall in love with him, and then he executes her. however, the way the show portrays the events is different to real life. in real life, Raphael convinced Hector's wife to steal two million pesos from him and escaped to San Francisco together. however, at a hotel, Raphael cut her throat and then, 15 days later, took the children out and threw them over the bridge. the real-life tale is far more brutal, with Rafael sending a videotape of his children's death, and Guadalupe is preserved frozen head to Hector. Hector caught up to him, as we saw, and it's safe to say that things didn't go well for him. the season starts to wrap-up with Felix bringing a new deal to the plaza bosses that will run the Colombians out business. again. people are shaken by Felix's ambition, and many step out, including our chapo. Amado. reveals that they've made a deal behind his back, and he's out. this leaves him with pretty much nothing and none of the protection he has come to have in both seasons. is about to escape out of her organization, and she continues to operate on her own. who territory is taken and she's forced into handcuffs. as mentioned earlier, we know what happens to the character, but there is potential that this may differ in the next season. Felix is finally placed under arrest and told to keep his mouth shut in exchange for his life. it's quite a tragic end for the character, as he was pretty much sold out by those he helped to get where they were. in contrast, it's at this time that Walt is called back to operate in our Paso. it seems like a small victory for the character. but as we know, going ahead, things will be difficult. but what happens next? well, Felix was charged with the death of Kiki, and the multiple crimes he committed. his jail time exposed corruption within the Mexican government and several police commanders were arrested, and 90 officers ended up deserting their posts. even in jail, Felix remained a big trafficker until he was transferred to a maximum-security prison as part of the 37 year prison sentence. Felix suffered from vertigo, deafness, the loss of an eye, and he was placed in a Cell for me as by. - he requested to be transferred home upon his 70th birthday due to his declining health, but this was denied. Walt also visits Felix in the finale and shows him how his entire world crumbled around him. it really feels like the perfect way to end the run, with Walt rubbing Kiki in Felix's face. the show ends with the pauses joining forces. and as we know, they would go on to form one of the biggest narcotic empires of all time, led predominantly by Oh chapo. they will end up becoming their own cartels and creating a bigger problem than Felix would ever be. the cage is now open, and the world is about to see the animal set free. the show teases the rise of El Chapo and Amato, with Walt realizing that he has to stop them no matter what. it's a brilliant way to set up the next entry, and it definitely gets you hyped for the next season. but what did I think of the season overall? well, though it did start off slow, by about Episode six, I was completely on board. it's another outstanding entry in the show. and once more, it cements narcos is one of the best TV shows in recent memory. everything works here, and it feels like much more of a personal journey than what's come before. knockos Mexico is another excellent entry, and it gets an 8.5 out of 10. now obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the show, so comment below and let me know. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and if you want something else to watch, we've got a great breakdown of last week's Netflix series lock and key. at the end every month, in the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning dr. sleep is leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button. you can also come chat to us on our discord server link below, or a definition whitey on Twitter. thanks for magna. til the end of the video, I've been definition, you've been the best. not see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 