[Music]. the film begins with being shown the situation after the marbles game is over. the participants who returned to base camp were very surprised, because it turned out that emi ryong was not eliminated and still survived. on the other hand, the front man is still worried because he has not been able to find the intruder in the game arena. vip investors will soon come to visit. therefore, he asked the committee to stay vigilant and continue to search for the intruder. the next day, the vip guests came and greeted by the front man. just like the front man and the others, the vip guests also wore masks to hide their identities. at that time, the front men represented the host to welcome and serve vip guests because the hosts still had other business. it was these vips who invested their money as bets in the previous games. the vip visited to witness the players there first hand. after that, jun who who was still hiding, decided to take the other costume so he could get closer to the vip guests as well as take some videos as evidence. not long after the fifth game, was ready to play. before starting the game, the participants asked to choose a vest that reads the numbers 1 to 16. the choice of the vest will decide their fate in this game. the frightened participants immediately took the middle numbers because they must save until its jihad's turn. the remaining numbers are 1 and 16. at first, jihan wanted to take number one, but the other participants begged him because he was too sacred to the last participant. jihan relented and allowed the participant to take the first number. after selection of numbers, they faced with a glass bridge. within 15 minutes, each player must cross the glass bridge in their order. the glass bridge made of two different types of glass, which means that if they take a wrong step, they will immediately fall and die. being a starting player is the most difficult task, because if they miss a step, then the players behind be safe because they choose the correct glass. but being the last player is also not easy, because he has to race against time. long story short, the fifth game begins. one by one, the players began to venture to jump over the glass bridge. not a few of them failed to choose the correct glass and just fell as time passed, the players became impatient and decided to push other players in front of them, until finally, doc sue arrived at the leading place. of course, no one dared to resist or encourage him. doc sue insists that he will stay in his place so that no participant escapes the game. emma ryong, who annoyed then jumped at him and tightly held daksa's body. she also sacrificed himself by bringing doc sue down with her. [Music]. after several players fell and died, now only four players remain. a player in the leading position turned out be a worker in a glass factory. therefore he was able to distinguish between strong glass and ordinary glass. with that ability, he managed to safely carry sang woo, sei, bayak and jihan, who were behind him. but at the last step, the front man, who knew about it, purposely turned off the lights so that they had trouble finding the right glass. it makes the player by too much time. as a result, seng wu also shows his true identity. he had the heart to push the players, even though, thanks to them, they were able to go safely. right at the last second, saying, woo, sebyak and jihan immediately ran before finally the glass bridge destroyed, and the glass flew scratching some parts of their bodies from different rooms. the vip guests seemed quite satisfied with the results of the game. this time. junhu, who was there, was still busy serving them. then a vip guest seemed to attract it to junhu and told him to sit near him. after that, the vip guest took junhoo to another room. junhu, who felt humiliated, finally got angry and pointed his gun at the vip guest. junhu also asked the vip guest to give any information about the game venue. it was then recorded by junhu be used as evidence. after getting the recording, junhu beat the guest until he fainted, and fled from the game arena with the diving equipment that was there. he also mobilized his men to join the search for junhu. not long after, junhu arrived at the other side of the island. he wanted to contact the police chief for help, as well as send the evidence on his cell phone. but because it was difficult to get a signal there, he had to climb to higher ground. soon the front man and his men also arrived there. they immediately roamed the island to catch junhu. unfortunately, before he can send evidence and get help, junhu has caught the front man in his men. unexpectedly, it turns out that the figure behind the frontman mask is his own brother, whom he has looked for all this time. junhu also asked his brother why he did all this. but before he got an answer, junhu shot by his own brother and fell into the sea elsewhere. sang wu, jihan and sei bjuk, who managed to escape, invited to change their clothes and have dinner together. when changing his clothes, say buck looks pale with blood flowing from his stomach. apparently a large shard of glass from the previous game stuck right in his left stomach. she store off his uniform and covered the wound. it wasn't long before jihan and the others served delicious food for the first time [Music] their jihan and sang wu devoured their food, while sebiyak, who was still in pain, couldn't even cut his own flesh. after dinner, each of them armed with a small knife. jihan looks still angry at sang wu for killing the previous player. he also intends to kill seng wu with his knife and win the game with seibjek. after that, he approached sebiyak to ask for cooperation. sebyak, who is already weak, tells jihan that if he manages to escape and survives there, say buyuk orders to take care of his younger sister, who is now in an orphanage. after saying that, jihan realized that seybjeck's clothes were now covered in blood. he panicked and ran to the door for help. not long after that, the committee came with the chest. unexpectedly. when jihan asks for help, sang woo turns out to have killed save yuck with his own knife. this makes jihan feel guilty towards seibyuk and become even more angry at sengwu. while sang wu casually said that he just wanted to help saibyuk end all his pain. the next day, the last game arrived. he's the one who's left. that is, jihan and sang wu will play a game called the squid game. it just so happened that the game was their childhood game, and then they got different roles. jihan is the attacker and sang wu is the defender. as usual, from other rooms, vip guests are welcome to watch the last game and witness who will emerge victorious. jihan and seng wu both carry knives that they use to attack each other. [Music], accompanied by the rain, the two began to fight each other. on one occasion, sang wu managed to grab a knife and stabbed jihan's body several times. but jihan didn't give up, kept getting up and kept fighting. his efforts also succeeded in making sen wu helpless. with a knife stuck in his hand, he approached sang wu's body and intended to stab him. but it turns out that jihan doesn't have the heart to do that, and instead, sticks his knife next to seng wu. [Applause]. he decided not to kill seng wu and walk towards the finish line. it turns out he can't do it, and surprisingly, jihan exits the game. it means that jihan doesn't want to take his prize money and prefers to help his best friend. according to the third rule, he only needed to ask seng wu to quit the game. but seng wu refuses it and instead stabs himself before he died. seng wu entrusted his mother to jihan. with that, jihan was immediately declared the winner. after all that struggle, jihan returned to his original place complete with a credit card of 45.6 billion won. with all that money, jihan is not at all happy, and instead feels sad and frustrated over the deaths of hundreds of people, including his best friend. even when he sees sangwoo's mother, jihan can't even look him in the eyes. like falling down the stairs in his house, jihan can only cry looking at his mother's dead body. [Music]. one year later, jihan's appearance becomes more and more messy. while sitting alone, he offered flowers by an old woman. it turns out that inside the flower there is an envelope containing a game card with the words where jihan must go. arriving at their destination, jihan surprised to see ilnam's grandfather, who is treated, as far as jihan knows, ilnam's grandfather died while playing marbles. unexpectedly. ilnam's grandfather turned out to the host as well as the frontman's superior illness. grandfather admits that even though he has a lot of money, he is not happy at all because he doesn't know how to spend all his money. with a tumor in his brain in his life expected to be short, he thought of a way to have fun. then he remembered about his little same, who was always happy because he spent time playing with friends. therefore, he and other rich people created the playing field so that he could enjoy the happiness, so that by participating before he died. hearing that makes jihan very angry. how could they not be willing to sacrifice hundreds of lives just for fun? ilnam's grandfather also explained that from the start, he had never forced anyone to take part in the game arena. he sincerely thanks jihan for giving him happiness by being his playmate. in the last remaining moments of his life, after saying that illness, grandfather passed away, jihan starts his new life peacefully. he also picks up sabjuk's younger brother at the orphanage and leaves it to his mother. don't forget, he also left a suitcase of money with them as a payment for his promise to save yuck in sang wu. the film ends with jihan, who will go after his daughter to america. before leaving, he saw a mysterious man who was with the victim of the next game. [Music]. after that, jihan took the card and called the front man. there he promised the front man that he would avenge all their bad deeds at any cost. thank you for watching. until the last episode, don't forget to subscribe and turn on the bell so you don't miss the next video. [Music], 