imagine a baby in the house just in time for the winter holidays. it's time to light the ewell. it is a protection. it must burn continuously from now through the shortest day, through the longest night. i wish i could ask my mom for advice, like i could ask her how exactly my dad told her he was a warlock. she's a number, and that must mean she has some unfinished businesses keeping. i made each and every one myself. did you know that i have to go out to find the prettiest, the most special child to harvest? mr bertel, i would love for you three to join. who are you trying to contact? my mortal mother. my darkness comes to trick and to tear, spirits below and above, spirits in between, caught in the fabric betwixt um. something's wrong. there's an interference. your lock's gone out. diana, mom, [Music], i brought you some eggnog. it's my aunt hilda's recipe. impish spirits of children that come down from the mountains every minute. they must have gotten in when the yule fire went out. we summoned greider and make her an offering in exchange for gathering up her you come in from the cold. then, oh, is this where my yule lads have gotten too? a baby, diana, whoever has the strength to pull the child out of the circle, we miss the thing. then the baby is greyless. no, what did you give to grila? then i pulled an old changeling trick. girl will be long gone and in the mountains before the spell wears off. my mom helped me. susie's been missing since last night, and i think she's in trouble. susie's missing for how long? i think he's been taking kids and dipping them in wax. bartel is the name of a yule demon. that can't be coincidence. at this time of year, what you hurt children? demon that won't do. i have my dad, then you may leave susie and welcome new members to our family with the festival of lights. about leticia. i'm taking her to des meltes after the mid-winter holiday. we can't keep her a secret from father blackwood forever. what kind of unfinished business do you have? i was afraid you weren't going to be loved. and there's a boy, a boy named harvey kinkel. when your father told me he was a wish. followed edward along the path of night as much as i could, but i wouldn't lead anyone else down. and satan bless us everyone. you 