he's the best con artist in american history. before he turned 19 years old, he scanned four million dollars. he posed as a pilot. he flew free from more than three million kilometers through 26 nations. he posed as a pediatrician and even managed to become the head of department. this is a story about a con artist which was adapted for the big screen. catch me if you can. the main character is frank, a 16 year old boy. mischievous and handsome. young frank hasn't become a scammer yet. if you wonder how he becomes a notorious scammer, it's simple, because life fools him first. frank's dad is a great businessman. he was respected by many. his parents are deeply in love, and their relationship is so strong. frank was a happy boy, until one day he realized that he had been fooled. his dad isn't god. his business failed. they almost went bankrupt. even the car was taken by the bank. they moved from a big mansion to a small, rented apartment. but they blamed all of this on the systematic injustice of the american government. after that, he knew he had been fooled once again. his mom wasn't really in love with his dad. she was having an affair with his dad's friend. frank was forced to move into another school. he wore the uniform vest. who would have known? he becomes the target of a bully almost right away when he entered the classroom. the bully tells him he looks like a substitute teacher. frank has a stroke of genius, and it's all enough. he steps to the board and writes his name, i am your substitute teacher. that bully is dumbfounded. all the other students don't react. so frank yells, take your seats. he looks like a real teacher. so everyone falls for it. frank even calls the bully to stand up and read his work. when the real substitute teacher arrives, she's an old and fragile lady. it only takes a few quick lies from frank to convince her that he is the substitute. of course, the truth still comes out, but it takes another week. others realize he's managed to pretend to be a teacher for one whole week. the principal demands to meet his parents. while he is talking with them outside the principal's room. frank shows his amazing observation skills again with one glance at the leave request form of a female student. he knows that it's fake because it doesn't have a fold. after that, life rules in one last time. his parents are divorcing. it makes him want to break down. frank runs away from home. he starts his journey right now. he's 17 years old. but without money, what can he do? frank starts forging fake checks. his early work is very simple. he scratches off numbers on him. he uses a pen to fill in different numbers, then he sticks a fake name on it. but no one falls for that kind of forgery. he pretends to be a successful person, but that doesn't work. same for pretending to be poor. he also gets called out for faking illness. but then he sees a pilot. a pilot was a well-respected job back then. they were always surrounded by hot chicks. and kids even asked for the signature. so frank forms a new plan. first, he poses as a reporter to interview the ceo of an airline company. he learns a lot of important information from that. he successfully forges a fake pilot's license and calls the airline company, pretending to be a pilot. he asks for the uniform workshop's location. he orders a uniform from them. from then frank is a pilot. he is respected by people on the streets. with his borrowed identity, he can use his fake checks at the bank without any suspicion. and his forging technique improves day by day. he purchases the plane model. he takes the symbol of the airline company from it and he sticks it onto the check. finally, he can trade it for huge sums of money. he starts to buy a lot of play models to forge a huge number of fake checks. in a short time, his level of trickery has increased a lot. he poses as a pilot to get on the plane. he even dates one of the flight attendants. everything goes smoothly, but he isn't satisfied. what makes a 17 year old teenager become the most notorious scam artist in america? i think it's his confidence and extremely acute observation skills. look at him. he is checking the bank tellers. he is looking to pick a target who seems inexperienced. he starts flirting with her cash this check here, and then i'd like to take you out for a steak dinner. look, it's very important. after that, the girl takes frank on a tour inside the bank. she even shows him the check printer. because of that, he purchases a magnetic ink character reader from an out of business bank. his fake checks look even more real. the money he makes from them has grown significantly. but that draws the attention of the fbi heading the investigation into frank. is an fbi employee, carl. this is an interesting guy. he takes it very seriously, but he obviously doesn't have much experience. he must be caught as soon as possible. that day, he goes to frank's residence, holding his gun and taking a deep breath. this is frank's room, but where is he? there is someone in the bathroom. fbi. he comes out. it's frank, but he looks very chill. he casually introduces his room to carl. in contrast, carl is very tense. he keeps yelling. this time, frank slowly says, he is also here for him. he is from the secret service. you think that you are the only one after him? i've just caught him. carl, doubts this. he wants to see his badge. frank gives his wallet to carl. his wallet is very hard to open. frank tells carl to look out the window. there is a blind resident being helped into the back of a car. frank says that he is frank being arrested. finally, carl decides to put his gun away. this time, frank asks for carl's match. he gives it to after that, he takes his stuff and leaves. carl sneezes, and then he sits down on the bed. he begins to sense that something isn't right. he opens the wallet. there are only condiment labels inside. realization dawns. they just let the most notorious trickster in america walk away. after escaping, frank feels more confident. he even pretends to be double 07. he lives as a great spy. looks and wealth, bringing countless flings. but is he really happy? not at all. on christmas eve, while he was working, carl receives a phone call. it's frank. frank calls to chat with him. he says that he was in room 3113 at the xx hotel, and the car can come to arrest him. carl doesn't trust him, but he suddenly laughs. he voices frank's thoughts out loud. living like that, he must feel so lonely. frank immediately hangs up. he leaves the hotel. it really was room 3113. he didn't fool carl. he must know that carl won't believe him. after that call, carl guesses that frank must be a teenager from new york. he starts to investigate all the runaway teenagers from new york, and he quickly discovers frank's real identity. in the meantime, the lonely frank decides to change his life. one day, he sees a nurse being scolded by a doctor. her crying, looks lovely and innocent at the same time. frank feels a little crushed for her. yes, the notorious thief has fell in love with the naivis girl on earth. with some chit chat, he manages to make her laugh. after that, he forges a harvard graduation certificate. and then he applies for a job at the hospital, becoming the head of department. he spends his time flirting and doing everything a head of department must do. but when he sees an injured child with his own eyes, he realizes he can't handle it. he runs straight into the bathroom and pukes. after all, he is only a fraud. after that, he decides to change his career. while visiting his girlfriend's home, he knows that her dad was a well-respected lawyer. he sticks to his habit and starts lying while eating with him. before i became a doctor, i was training to be a lawyer too. he ends up being confronted by her dad. he and frank have a private talk. he asks him what he really wanted with his daughter. frank puts on a genuine face. i'm nothing, really. i'm just a kid who's in love with your daughter. in a quick moment, he is accepted. since then, he believes his words. he even makes him an assistant for a state court judge. the biggest question about the most notorious trickster in america is not how did he manage to fool countless people, but how did he pass the lawyer examination? because this exam cannot be forged. the answer is right here. first, let's listen to frank's story. his father-in-law respects him a lot. he makes him an assistant for a well-known lawyer. he even takes him for dinner with the state governor. unfortunately, on the wedding night, the fbi finds him. frank can sense the dangers near. he runs back to his room and prepares his stuff. his suitcase is filled with checks. but he can't be a fraud anymore. he packs things up and leaves. but sadly, he can't convince his girlfriend to go with him. because of this, the fbi has raised a threat level in miami airport to the highest. frank's appearance was discovered a long time ago. it almost seems like there is no escape week for frank. but he's the most notorious trickster in america. he is part of an idea. he uses his pilot identity and goes to a university in miami. he says that he wants to choose eight beautiful girls to be flight attendants. he interviews the girls and chooses the eight most attractive. he lets them surround him and goes into the airport. if he can't escape sneakily, he has to do it with full chaos. every fbi employee who passes by then gets distracted by their beauty. no one notices the wanted criminal walk among them. frank also hires a bunch of people to pretend to be suspicious targets. they attract the fbi's attention using diversion techniques, and frank has successfully escaped. once again, he visits and scans many places in europe, until seven months later, he becomes a police target again. one day, carl goes to catch frank along. he comes to frank's czech manufacturing facility, seeing kyle. frank doesn't look surprised, but he seems cheerful. carl says, outside, there are 20 police with guns waiting for you. i've convinced them to let me come inside and arrest you. frank doesn't believe me, but carl, climbing says, this is the truth. if you go outside alone, you will get shots immediately. frank still doesn't believe it. he wants to go outside. finally, frank believes it. he tells carl to put him in cuffs. when they go outside, no one is there. frank laughs. the trickster finally gets tricked. but that's not true. the police really come. there are a lot of officers. they handle him roughly many months later, carl finally finishes his paperwork to bring frank back to the us. to be trialed on the plane. carl delivers frank bad news. his dad has died. this makes frank break down. he runs into the bathroom, crying out with despair. [Music], until the blame lands. frank hasn't come out yet. when they break the door, they meet an empty bathroom. where is frank? he escapes through a door under the toilet. the plane has just landed. he must have jumped from it. this time he doesn't hide. he goes straight to his mom's house. looking through the window, he sees his mum's new family, peaceful and happy. they even have a little girl, the sister, that he has never seen before. after all those years spent running from home, this is everything he has ever dreamed of. but in the end, he still can't find it. what if he could have had this if he hadn't run away in the first place? the police arrive. frank goes into the police car on his own. he doesn't want to bother them. frank has to serve 12 years in prison. a few years later, carl suddenly comes to him. it turns out he needs his help. he gives frank a fake check. frank immediately says that this criminal used to work at the bank. he tells him the clues. each detail he gives is truly unique and shows his competence. after that, the fbi gave frank a job. the notorious scam artist from the past has become a talented detective. he is really busy now, working non-stop with unending workload. one day he thinks of escaping. should he one weekend he poses as a pilot to run away. but carl notices, if you run away, there is no turnover for you. he says that living and lies is actually really easy. but living like that, aside from the emptiness, you won't get anything. carl doesn't force him. he lets him decide on his own. not long after that, frank comes back to work. he's not a child anymore. he knows carl is the only one on earth who wants to save him a spot. at the end of the movie, carl asks him, how the hell did you pass your lawyer exam? i didn't cheat. i studied for two weeks and i passed. frank, abigail, in real life, has become a master in anti-fraud. he is famous worldwide. he's designed one super safe check and the 500 biggest companies and countless banks around the world has to pay him millions of dollars every year. you 