hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the brilliant fantasy, action movie called the 13th warrior. warning guys, spoiler alert. before the dawn the second millennium, in 922 a.d, the city of baghdad is the center of highest civilization within its culture. protection. young achmed enjoys the privileges of a prominent position as a poet, until he attempts to court a woman married to a jealous man who happens to be friends with the caliph. achmed is then appointed ambassador to the distant nordic land of the toss-up vlad this is basically a noble way of banishing him. ahmed is traveling by caravan with his mentor and friend, melchizedek, when they are attacked by a ban of tartars, who abandon the chase. when the caravan reaches the riverside and a viking boat is seen approaching the land. a little further, they reach a viking camp where other viking boats are already ashore. the caravan then stops at the viking camp for the night. the vikings seem to be having some kind of celebration. ackman, through melchizedek, tries to communicate with the vikings to learn who is their king. but none of them understands the different languages they try to speak. they finally find a man who speaks greek named herger. herger explains there is no king at the moment, as the last one just died. the celebration they are witnessing is actually part of their king's funeral. he then introduces ackman to billy with who is considered the heir apparent to the throne. biliwiff is then attacked in front of everyone by a man whom he kills without hesitation and self-defense, which seems to secure his place as the new leader. ackman then attends the king's funerals and joins the vikings in their night of festivities, although without drinking, ackman finds himself appalled by viking customs, their disregard for cleanliness and their cold-blooded human sacrifices. the next day, ackman finds that a new ship has arrived, carrying aboard a young boy as a messenger from king hrothgar of venden. king is seeking billy whips help us. his kingdom is being threatened by an army of evil beasts known to vikings as an old evil that shall not be named biliwiff calls upon the angel of death, which is revealed to be an old sioux stare who cast bones to guide them. the old woman claims that billy wish shall be victorious if 13 of his warriors travel up north to battle this evil. she then calls for the first warrior, and billy, with himself, steps forward. he is then followed by 11 other men, which include herder, the joyous, whose love of women is only exceeded by his love of fighting healthy and the large run of the horsemen, rethel the archer, skelled the superstitious, with the musician etched though the silent help of the wise he'd like the coral sum halts half the boy and ragnar the dower. when she calls for the 13th warrior, the old lady specifies that it needs to be a man that is not from the north. everyone quickly turns to ackman, who is forced by peer pressure to accept branded as the foreigner they need to succeed. ahmed reluctantly prepares his arabian horse, which is the smallest of the group. for the journey, the north men make fun of akman's horse for his size, calling it a dog in their native language, which ackman doesn't understand, but gets the translation from melchizedek. they then ask ackman for his name. ahmed gives them his full name, but they shorten it to evan because of the repetition in his name of the word iben, which means son of but they interpret it as evan. as the events progress, most of the vikings will take to calling him arrow, except for herger, who will call him evan or little brother, and billy, with who will try to call him achmed on a few occasions out of respect. for the next few days and nights, evan remains silent, closely observing the men's lips as they talk to each other, listening to them, analyzing their interactions, reactions and behaviors between each other. he slowly starts to make out words and what they likely mean in their language. he soon finds himself able to understand most of their conversations, although he still does not speak. one night, as the men are antagonizing each other, one of them insults evan's mother, which causes him to speak for the first time, surprising the men when he is able to acknowledge the insult and retaliate with one of his own in their language. impressed by how quickly evan learned their language, billy with uses the next moment he is alone with evan to ask him if he knows how to draw sounds, which is his way of describing arabic writing. evan confirms he can write and read. biliwiff asks him to show him. evan writes in the sand, there is only one god and muhammad is his builder. with stairs at the writing for a moment, then leaves satisfied. the next day, the norsemen are still making fun of ebon's horse, but he shuts them up with a demonstration of his horsemanship and how high his horse can actually jump, throwing weather in the mud in the process, which makes all them laugh. build it with jokes that the dog can jump, which seems to close the subject for good. after sailing through a nasty sea storm and dense fog weather, the warriors finally make it to venden land, where they arm themselves before stepping out of their boat, billywiff takes a moment to write in the sand what eben showed him earlier, although with a slight mistake, revealing he has enjoyed the small lesson from ebon and values his knowledge. urger then provides evan with one of their swords, which is much too big and heavy for him. as they arrive into venden, they quickly noticed the lack of proper defenses available and the lack of men to defend it, which explains why king hrofger, his young wife, queen wailu, and hrofger's treacherous son, whitlef, have been unable to stop their enemies rampage so far. the king confirms that their foe is indeed the ancient threat known as wendell, evil fiends who come with the mystic kill and take human heads. as the men are discussing the situation and whether the king is telling the truth or has just gone mad, evan sees a bloodied, half-naked kid running towards the village crying. queen wylu recognizes the kid and leads them to his farm sid where they find several human bodies that were completely ripped apart, even not upon. they also find a venus figurine representing the mother of the wendells. upon investigating the area further, they find that the wendells could be smart, cautious and may be observing them at the moment. the warriors opt to not try to find them, but let them come to them instead. at dinner, evan is surprised to find his new friends are not drinking. for the first time since he's been with them. wiglift son of the king, tries to antagonize billywiff, who simply replies that he has not heard of any accomplishments from wiglef, besides killing his brothers to get where he is now. wigliff leaves the table angered. the warriors then speak to a man who survived a recent wendell raid in another village, who can only describe them with beastly features such as lion teeth, bare head, walking on both two and four legs at times and fighting with sharp claws. they always come in the mist at the darkest of the night. edgeton notes there will be fog tonight. the old king offers bilowith to stand guard with them, but biliwiff turns him down politely. at the behest of the queen. they then prepare for the night and go to sleep in a circular room. evan questions how they can sleep in a time like this, but herder replies that his fate and his death are already fixed, so he might as well not worry about it and just live freely and not in fear. evan falls asleep, but awakens quickly from a nightmare. looking around him, he realizes everyone else is only pretending to be asleep as something seems to be lurking outside. herger whispers to him that when the fight starts, they will stand in the middle of the room and circle back to back. evan objects that he is not a warrior, but herger tells him he is about to become one. moments later, the fight starts and everyone jumps into action, including evan. although he is violently thrown across the room and suffers lacerations to his face. evan survives the encounter almost unharmed, while he black and ragnar are killed and beheaded. the men are worried when they realize they cannot find any wendell body, even though they know they have killed a few of them. abbott gets his face scars treated by aldo. before helping the village to build up some much needed defenses. he is told to use his massive sword to cut out wooden stakes, but he is unable to do so since he can barely lift his sword. tired of failing, eben visits the local blacksmith and uses his tools to transform the massive viking stored into a really sharp arabian scimitar, which he uses to cut out the wooden stakes much more easily. the vikings still playfully make fun of the sword for its smaller size, but evan laughs with them, showcasing a little bit of his sword handling skills. later that day, as evan takes a break from his work and talks with olga, she reveals that wigliff has been purposely spreading rumors that beliwith intends to usurp the king and take his place. eben shares the information with billy, with and herder, who decide they need to make an example. herger picks up a fight with angus wibbles friend, who's much taller, younger and stronger than herger. the fight escalates to a three shields sword fight to the death. each man has to break all three of their opponent's shields before they are allowed to kill him. herder loses his three shields rather easily and seems quite exhausted from the pounding. when wiglef signals angus to go for the kill. as angus goes for the finishing blow, herger swiftly moves his sides and kills angus in one blow, revealing it was all a deception, meant to make the prince fearful of what he doesn't know, confident. the deception is enough to keep wiglef out of their way. biliwife and his men resume the fortification of the village. as they get closer to the night, evan and edge, though see the fire serpent or fire worm they kept hearing about, announcing the imminent attack from the wendells. as the men await the attack, they spot a little girl running towards the village, just ahead of the fire serpent. evan jumps on his horse and jumps the fence to save the child and bring her back to the village, which allows him to get a closer look at the fire serpent and realize the serpent is just wendell warriors riding horses closely to one another, carrying torches, the men spread out around the village and the battle begins. evan is surprisingly able to kill one of the wendells, and soon realizes the wendells are just men disguised as beasts. as soon as he understands his enemies are just men, eben, suddenly, released his fears, slips into a murderous rage and kills every wendell he can get his hands on, to the amusement of herger. the warriors fight well, and the wendells eventually opt to retreat for now, having killed skeld haga, ronith and rethel during the battle. eben, shaken from the fight, shares a drink with herger and olga, after finding out viking mead is made with honey, not wheat, which technically is not forbidden by his religion. evan then spends the night with olga as they both comfort each other. the next day, evan rejoins billywiff and his men to discuss their next step. their number is dwindling and their position all but indefensible. they consult an ancient valve of the village. she advises them to track the wendell to their lair and destroy their leader, the mother of the wendell, and their warlord, who wears the horns of power. the warriors leave the village to try and hunt down the wendell. they quickly learn that the wendall are quite easy to track, revealing they are no longer worried about the warriors coming after them. after finding bear skulls, evan reflects on what he knows about them so far. they dress like bears, walks like them and fight with bare claws. evan deduces they see themselves as bears and probably live like them too. billy with understands his line of thinking and orders his men to look for a cave nearby, which they find. biliwiff and the remaining warriors silently sneak into the windows underground, hideout all the way to the deepest part where the mother's lair is found. while the warriors form a line of defense against the wendells, who are now aware of their presence, billywiff enters the mother's lair to fight her. he is able to kill her quickly, but not before he is scratched deeply across the shoulder by her poison claw. the warriors then escape through an underwater cave they found that leads back to the outside, losing healthy along the way, who decides he's had enough and stays behind to block the windows and give his friends more time to escape. they also find out that biluf is weakening fast and may not live another day. they return to the village, where billy with is touched to see evan being sad about his upcoming death. king hrothgar promises gilu if he will be buried as a king, but biliwiff replies he would feel much more wealthy and honored if someone were to draw the story of his deeds, a wish eben understands was directed at him. he also understands now why beliwith was interested in his ability to write. all along. as billed with awaits death, the other warriors and the villagers prepare for a battle they know is coming. as they expect the wendells will seek vengeance for killing their mother. before the battle, akhmad takes a moment to remove his boots and armor and kneels in the mud to pray that he may live the next few minutes of his life well, and asks for forgiveness for everything he should have done or said in his life, but didn't. as the battle is about to begin, and the warriors are preoccupied by the sheer number of enemies standing in front of them, billy, with staggers outside, looking to die fighting instead of just waiting, and stares down the wendell's warlord. he inspires his men, including akhmad, by reciting a viking prayer for the honored dead who will enter valhalla. the battle gets underway, and although weakened by the poison, biliwife succeeds in killing the wendell warward, which causes the wendell army to retreat immediately, just as the old vulva had predicted. bielewith then sits on a made-up throne and dies as the figure of a proud warrior king that the wendell people should fear standing watch over the village. later on, akbar witnesses billy whis royal funeral, before returning to his homeland, grateful to the norsemen for helping him to become a man and a useful servant of god. ackman goes home, where, in respect to billywiff's dying wish, he writes the tale of his journey with the men from the north as the 13th warrior. the end, make sure to subscribe and hit the notification button so you get alerted next time we upload a video. thanks for watching. 