hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie saw, 2006. the movie that is being explained is saw part 3. watch the first part to get an understanding of the main character, jigsaw. let's start the movie explanation. the movie starts exactly at the ending of part eye, where detective eric is bound in the lavatory. his feet were chained tightly. he fractures his foot beating it with the commode piece to free himself. afterward, a man is shown who has been entrapped by jigsaw. he was chained completely. the tv switches on, placed in front of him where jigsaw comes on the scene. jigsaw tells him he will have to pull all the fixed chains on his body if he wants to free it. was really painful. if he does not complete this task according to the given duration of time, then the placed bomb near him will be exploded. he will surely die. then he tries to unchain his whole body, which is pathetic, but he is unable to pull all chains according to the assigned time. so he is dead with the explosion of the bomb there. then some police officers enter the same room after breaking the door. this case was being dealt with by a girl who was the assistant of detective eric. that girl tells this is not the trap of jigsaw, because the door was sealed through welding. it means the victim's death was sure, even he was able to unchain himself. then that lady police officer is shown in her house, who was investigating the case of jigsaw, watching jigsaw's footage in her house. afterward, the live video is played of jigsaw on the screen of a tv. as she moves there for checking, a person wearing a pig mask kidnaps her. while coming there. waking up, that girl finds herself entrapped. there was also placed a beaker of acid in front of her. her ribs are also hooked in. tv is on by enlarge where jigsaw appears in the video. he tells the key to unlocking the trap is in the beaker of acid. that key will be dissolved into the beaker of acid if she did not get that in the given time, and the trap will become the cause of her death, activating itself. that girl tries to unlock her trap after getting the key from that beaker of acid. but regretfully, that trap does not open, activating itself. that trap breaks her ribs and she is dead. tragically, here, a thing is clear, that all set traps in the party are difficult to open by the victims. it means his death is certain. this trap cannot be open, even after following all orders. then a lady, dr lynn, is shown in the hospital who had some personal problems in her life. a pig masked person again appears and kidnaps her when she is going back to her house. lynn wakes up at the location of jigsaw. then amanda comes on the scene. the hidden face after the pig mask was not of another person, but amanda. amanda takes lynn into that room where jigsaw was lying on the bed. then amanda adjusts a trap on her neck. jigsaw tells her he is suffering from cancer. lynn has to help him for the safety of his life. and lynn will be released from this trap if another victim completes the three tests. and she is also worn, saying, if she tries to escape, or jigsaw suffered bradycardia heart rate, the fixed trap on her neck will be activated, leaving her dead. then the other victim who had to cross the three tests of jigsaw is shown. he is in the box, whose name was jeff. jeff had a son who was dead during a car accident. as a result, he had become a drunkard and mostly remained in this condition. he used to ignore his younger daughter, not caring for her. he was taking revenge for his son's death from his daughter. so this is the reason that jigsaw entraps him. jeff discovers a tape recorder in his box. jigsaw tells him three tests will lead him to his son's killer, in which he will have to appear. amanda informs jigsaw. jeff's tests have started. while lin tells amanda it is essential to hospitalize jigsaw because of his unstable condition. but amanda refuses it, clearly minding it. jeff's test was in process, he meets with a girl. in the first test. the reason behind it to entrap her was this is this girl was only the witness of that car accident, jeff's son's death, but she did not help jeff and his son. that girl was kept in a meat freezer. she requests jeff to help her, and he also egresses, but to no avail, because her whole body is frozen. when all taps are turned on in that room. she is dead because of the ice on her whole body. jeff's second test leads him to that judge who had tackled his son's case, sentencing six months prison to the killer. that judge had been thrown into a pit after chaining his neck. if jeff wants to rescue that judge, he will have to burn all the toys of his son so that he may get the key of neck trap of the judge. contrarily, if jeff restrains himself to bring that judge out, that pig will be filled with the pig's mince after grinding them in a big grinding machine, and that judge will be dead. the judge convinces jeff to help him. as a result, jeff burns all the toys of his son, finding a key, he immediately rescues the judge, opening his trap. on the other side, jigsaw's condition was worsening, and lynn operates on him under her treatment. this operation is successful, and jigsaw starts liking lin during this time. but amanda dislikes it. amanda remembers those days when she was a co-worker with jigsaw. then a scene of part i is shown, where amanda was beating a boy violently. one thing is clear here, that it was amanda who was making such traps that were unbreakable. in the third test, jeff reaches the killer boy of his son. that boy's body had been clutched with a heavy machine which will twist his limbs, gradually putting him into death. the key of that trap was tied with a shotgun's trigger. that gun's trigger is pressed while taking out the key, and the judge is killed accidentally, and it also activates the trap, causing the death of that boy. the jigsaw was pouring wax on the tape recorder and also taking some personal details from lynn, discovering an envelope of her name. amanda has got upset and starts weeping while checking the papers inside it. amanda informs jigsaw, coming to him, jeff has covered his three tests. jigsaw commands her to release lin because jeff has completed his assignment. but amanda disagrees with jigsaw, saying she does not think right about jigsaw's decision. no one should be given the chance of survival. she also tells she has again attacked detective eric, leaving him to die there. when he got free from the chains. amanda wished no one should be given any chance to live. jeff finds a pistol with a paper of his written name. jeff moves slowly towards jigsaw's room, taking a pistol. meanwhile, lynne falls in jeff. when amanda fires her gun on her, jigsaw reveals to amanda as jeff is the husband of lynn, and amanda has perished four lives firing her gun on lin. jeff fires his gun on amanda, getting furious, and that shot hits amanda's neck. jigsaw tells amanda, when she was taking her last breaths, as he had arranged all these tests for amanda because she was making some unavoidable traps for a long time. it means those traps cannot be cracked. and she should not take the life of lynn for the accomplishment of the test. it means she broke the regulation. and jigsaw never wanted to proceed with his work through a killer. jigsaw offers jeff he can call an ambulance for lin. he will have to clear one last test for it. the test includes either he should forgive jigsaw or slay him while cutting his throat. then jeff proceeds towards jigsaw, taking a power saw to cut his throat. jigsaw is smiling at that time. jigsaw plays a tape recorder as jeff cuts his throat. hearing the tape recorder, jeff comes to know that he has flopped in his last test. it means he had to forgive jigsaw to pass his test, because jigsaw has secured jeff's daughter in a secret place. now she was going to be locked forever. the jigsaw was the only one who knew that place. as jigsaw dies, his heartbeat stops working, and the fixed trap on lin's neck is also exploded. in the end, lin's dead body is shown with many other dead bodies. and this movie is also ended here. it should be clear here that who were those four people about whom jigsaw had said their lives have destroyed? they were lin, amanda, herself, jigsaw and jeff's daughter. it means amanda had destroyed the lives of four people after killing lynn. thanks for watching, like comment and subscribe. don't forget to hit the bell icon. 