all right, what's up everyone. so in this video, i'm going to show you how you can survive and how to beat the alien in sputnik. so we start off the movie with two astronauts heading into space and being the first to see the alien that eventually gets into their shuttle. we then go over to soviet kazakhstan, 1983, and we see the two astronauts coming back down from space. we then see the possessed looking person that now has the alien inside of them. flash over to a meeting with our main character, who was involved in a crime of a death of a boy. she is then asked if she would like to take a job at a research facility taking care of the astronaut that came back from space. on the way there, they discuss the symptoms and amnesia of the astronaut that landed from orbit. the first red flag that she should notice is the dead body, and that should point out that there is something not right going on in this facility. she then gets to interview the astronaut that came in from orbit about what went down with the alien. and she still doesn't know that the alien is inside of him. later in the movie, she sees this for her own eyes. and she now sees that the alien is inside of the astronaut and is going up his throat at one to two in the morning every night. this should be her second sign that this is not something for them. and you never know what the alien is capable of. she then decides to get a closer look, and she finally gets to see the aliens true form. and it goes to lunge at her, but luckily there was a glass shield there. we then see the astronaut having tests done to see if this creature inside of him should be removed, or how to remove it. during her research, she finds out that the alien actually gives the astronaut more recovery speed, so he can recover faster, and it helps him. so she wants to get face to face with the alien, but her one mistake is that she slips, and the alien attacks her. one thing is that i would not be wearing such a flimsy suit that looks like it's made out of a garbage bag. i would be going in there with a full metal juggernaut suit. so she is then saved by the uh lights above her in the room, and the alien eventually uh backs off. so that she can get out. she then goes to research what happened so she can study it and find a way to prevent it. we then see the astronaut that has the alien inside of him being, uh, drugged with a sleeping pill so that they can go feed the alien human people. which is why in the beginning of the movie we saw a dead body there, which now we see the victim, which is a criminal, being fed to the alien. and if i were the criminal, i would not be sitting there on the ground like that. i would be trying to do everything i can to get out of that situation. we then see their plan to escape by taking out the guards so that they can get into the car and escape. the doctor there is trying to help them by calling the moscow headquarters about what really is going on with the alien. and this guy walks in, the commander of the operation, or in the facility. and i would be trying to blackmail him and say something like, the alien is behind you, or something, so i can get a head start and take him out too. later, the astronaut uses a pen that will eject the alien from him, because the alien does not like that stuff. they use this so they can get away from the guards, and the alien completely obliterates all the guards. but we have the one commander that, uh, is able to defend it off and get the alien really hurt. later when they are escaping, the alien and the astronaut have become a symbiote, so they're now feeling each other's pains. so that's why, when they brought it, the alien to him, it is able to kind of resurrect and, uh, kill all the soldiers. but at the end, he decides to kill himself, so that neither the alien or him will live. and our main character eventually goes back home. 