big, little lies. season two is about to premiere. so if you haven't seen season 1 or just need a refresher, here's everything you need to know. the story begins with jane chapman moving to monterey with her young son, Ziggy. Ziggy was conceived after a sexual assault, which to this day haunts Jane, who has never before opened up about Ziggy's father. life in a new town quickly gets complicated when Ziggy is accused of bullying his classmate, Annabella. Emma Bella's mother, Renata, is one of the more popular and powerful mothers at the school, and uses her power to try to ostracize Ziggy and Jane. thankfully, Jane is supported by new friends and fellow class mothers, Madeline and Celeste. Madeline has her own problems with Renata, who is trying to shut down her production of Avenue Q for being too inappropriate. she also happens to be feeling the guilt for having an affair with the theatre company's owner, Joseph. she's in an otherwise happy marriage with Edie, who is everything her ex-husband, Nathan wasn't. Madeline and Nathan share a teenage daughter named Abigail. and her and Nathan are often at odds over parenting styles. Madeline and Ed's daughter, Chloe, and Nathan and new wife Bonnie's daughter, Skye, are all in Ziggy's class. as for Celeste, she shares two twin sons, Josh and Max, with her husband, Perry, who was physically abusive toward her. it turns out that it's actually max who was bullying Amma Bella, picking up on the violent tendencies he sees his father displayed toward his mother. everything comes to a head at an Audrey Hepburn and Elvis Presley themed school fundraiser event. at the fundraiser, Perry learned celestial and on leaving him due to his violent outbursts. at the fundraiser, Perry confronts Celeste. Jane, seeing Celeste husband for the first time, recognizes him as her abuser and Ziggy's father. this further sets off Perry, who attacked Celeste. Jane, Madeline and Renata. as the women try to fight him off, Bonnie arrives and shoves Perry, sending him toppling down some under construction stairs, resulting in his death. as the season comes to a close, the women to be known as the Monterey five have put aside their differences and covered up Perry's death as an accident, although the lead detective remains suspicious. will the truth of that night ever be uncovered? will friendships new and old survive this big little lie? you'll have to watch season 2 to find out. what did you think of season 1 of big little lives, and what do you expect from season 2? let us know in the comments below. like this video, subscribe for more, and I'll see you in the next one. 