joke. this freak a prep get two pros together before through the morning rings trilogy. right now. still ready? here we go. check this long post card for a country that more New Zealand and sheep playing rugby. it's an epic run told Keith pages and us until a pearl man for the ages in the Shire. it's a pleasant place with meadows and trees and flowers and very, very front from the nazg\xc3\xbbl and pundits try to root, actually. Aragorn and lovelyz tyler pick it up. the Rivendell where they meet. agent, spend my saliva, my crustacean. boria, cape trolls, holy [ __ ]. Balrog, you shall not bow later. Gandalf visit with the lesser where everybody think visions in the water and even more scary pain. meanwhile, darvon just kind of chills. and of course, Sean Bean goes, can get themself kill power trio. Lisa throws down for the same damn so we won't drown. that's these are all about. just a bunch of roaches throwing out. [Music]. there are people here. fellowship is telestroke following Sam on a lonely road till they meet a new broker. my perspective, you want the help, but he wants depression. march through the force that a flashlight is turned on. no speed. and of the white in Rohan worth tailed up to something. you get that free. King Benjamin Button, gotta leave the city so they don't get soldered playing. Aragorn put the Fayette in starter. holy imports on fourth attack. and then Tara Thornton, I think, air goes back. Pippin and Merry are also there to growing out in the forest with hardened what by LC, we're so does get rattled? Merc I March. cry it out for a battle. it's like kill count rain. keep pouring down. more. slam the door. no, it's a fourth down till they turn around. ghetto back in town. Rose. don't ever let a pro down, bro they'll roll. so legit frozen to Isengard Dharam on drugs. when he dies, hard parameter wounded. and his father, in turn, like the pyre - fire - dad, I think. burn pelinore field, bunny horns in the witch-king Legolas Gimli, he's a friendly competition. data consciousness from ghost hunt. and Aragorn named no man that victory appellant Ord only the Havasu spider, whoa photographic gaming of the fighter. Oh, custom extinct in the Fertile gets taken. but nobody's safe. while Rudy's rampaging now to do all of their burn again. what I'm gonna do? I can carry you. the pricebooks is like digit tables of a third column in the ring is a lot of thick burn. water goes tits-up. ghoul. Rock collapses. Chinese pain, really high. molested. total waist up. bro, screams, yo. smells another bed. just bro, we now. but we're not done yet. and we just came down. this doesn't find me immediately. make out. no hugs all around. hops. don't bow down. ended on a zoomed-out a like you bros down. oh, we're back in the Shire. how the trick away? the event, the transpired. hey, I'll meet the girl. and they quickly have a wedding for event balls. they've gotta be the ending. guess not. second photos. must pose. needs to wrap up writing the book, and that's gotta be it. hold on though. Rhoda's gotta leave again on a boat. and Lafayette, quick. back in the Shire. Babs got a family. cool, man. I'm tired. goes upon a beggin yellow door and nothing. guy, that was the Lord of the Rings trilogy on its recap rap. leave a comment letting us know what you want to be dead. we'll see you next time. [Music]. what's up, guys. thanks for watching. if you liked it, click the box to the left to see a playlist of all other recap reps, or click the box to the right to see another Dell video. and be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the way to smoke. so Todd's hands high. I'm gonna go check you with a pros. whoops. oh, now. 