what happens when the most popular guy on campus meets the prettiest journalist on campus? an hour and a half of hilarious fun. i'm luke pelletier, and today we're covering the 2002 comedy van wilder. as usual, caress that like button, drop a comment and subscribe to flix recap if you dig the commentary. and as a disclaimer, this video contains my own personal analysis and commentary. it's not a substitute to watching the film itself. links to purchase the film are in the description below. it's the first day of spring semester at coolidge college, and van wilder appears to be getting a little bit more pleasure from an old lady than he should, although she just turns out to be his seamstress. leaving his pants with souk me. van attempts to apply his wisdom as he stands half naked on the roof of the school, trying to convince poor timmy not to jump. but for timmy, jumps anyway, probably just to get away from van's junk. but our charismatic van is apparently still popular enough to need a personal assistant, so we meet some choice characters as he's interviewing students for the position. no one seems to be quite the right fit, until he finally meets the one, taj. but when van's dad learns that van has been spending a fortune going to college for seven years, he decides to stop paying van's tuition. and it was here van wilder seemed to carry the torch for millennials in pioneering the fight against crippling student debt. now, seeing as how promiscuous van is, we know some hottie is going to catch his attention, and it's obviously going to be college journalist gwen. she's sure to win van over with her charm and intelligence. her only flaw right now is her loser boyfriend, richard, who can't even get college hazing right? and what would early 2000s college be without a classic kegger? but when van's dad arrives and, in an epic party foul, announces he's cutting off his financial support, vann is forced to come up with a plan to raise the money on his own, which apparently involves seducing the dean. but that backfires and she has her way with van. instead, traumatized by the event with miss haver, van spends his last 34 dollars in a strip club, where he comes up with the gem of an idea of topless tutors as a way to raise the money for tuition. after gwen's editor insists that she write another article about van, she goes to van's room and asks him for an interview. but all that van can think about is getting in her pants. and as reluctant as she is to even write the article, she can't help but be intrigued by him. however, when they meet for their first date slash interview, gwen is put off when van gets naked. things are looking pretty bleak when the strip club owner storms in on van to reclaim his strippers, putting an end to topless tutors. thankfully, unibrow saves the day when he hires van to plan a party for him with the purpose of increasing the nerd's boner ability. it isn't much money, but it'll keep the cash flowing in for his tuition. eager to get her article, gwen ditches her boyfriend's lame party for vance shindig. there she overhears the nerds talking about how much money they paid van to organize the party. this inspires her to write an article that promotes van as a party liaison and fuels van's next attempt at raising tuition. the article is such a hit that her editor convinces her to write another article by promising her the front page of the graduation issue. and since gwen's article has turned van's party planning into a cash cow, he agrees to at least meet again to discuss it, on one condition, another date under the guise of being an interview as we might expect, poor richard stepped away from his almanac and is getting jealous about the time and attention that gwen is giving van. and we can't wait to see what half-assed attempt he's going to make to destroy van. and so richard's scheme hatchery begins. but van is also full of schemes to get gwen's attention. and usually his plans work out for him, except when he challenges gwen to hockey and loses to her crazy skills. forced to now answer all her questions, they have an intellectual conversation, and van gets hooked on her. and after seeing richard's pathetic prowess, i'm thinking van has a pretty good shot here. richard strikes back by sending van an invitation to a dinner at gwen's parents house when he's not actually invited. van thinks gwen sent the invite, so he ditches a frat party to attend, only he finds that richard is already there, surprise, surprise. and when van walks into a room full of doctors in suits, it's apparent that richard thinks van is in over his head. but instead, van turns the tables and wins over the room, and gwen too. van and gwen might be hitting it off, but he's not about to forget richard's attempt to humiliate him at her parents house. so in retaliation, van's troublesome trio fills the eclairs with semen from his dog and serves them up, fresh and gooey out of the oven to richard and his frat boys. meanwhile, things are getting hot back in taja's room, where van's massage oil scented candle barry white combo turns out to be a bad mix for taj's clumsiness, because he sets himself and the room on fire, literally burning away all of van's saved money in the process. i feel like keeping money around, just in piles probably isn't a good idea to begin with. so either way, this means van's gonna have to come up with another plan to pay his tuition. when gwen finds out that van could have easily graduated for the past six semesters, she becomes even more obsessed with him. i mean, i get it, he's attractive, smart, complex and fun, so, yeah, makes sense. but then richard's kiss-ass wannabe girlfriend sees gwen and van talking in the girls changing room, and she rats them out to richard. so in another scheme to try and humiliate van, richard decides to hire van to organize his bachelor party. the thing is, this is the first time van has heard of their engagement, and he's devastated. except they aren't actually engaged still. vann doesn't know that. and when gwen goes to find van, she finds some other floozy sitting in his lap, and storms off. richard then tries to sink van by getting his minion to bring children to van's frat party and then calling the cops. but richard hasn't done anything to win back gwen. instead, he's actually done the opposite. and van still thinks that gwen is actually engaged to richard. so because vann is falling in love with gwen, he's ready to walk away from coolidge college when they want to expel him because of the party. but because he's so popular, a ridiculous amount of students get together to convince fan to fight the expulsion. and with everyone rallying together, van smooth talking and apparently his brownie points with miss haver, end up convincing the college to allow him to stay so that he can try to graduate. and that's when gwen learns about richard's infidelity and his involvement in vans expulsion. she spikes richard's protein shakes with laxatives, like a heroic dose of laxatives, right before his exams. and i gotta say, it's pretty satisfying to watch richard's discomfort as he struggles to keep it all in. but he really gets his just desserts when he starts defecating in a garbage can in front of some very important suits. meanwhile, van seems to be crushing his exams after everyone gets together to help him study. and his efforts to earn his degree have become all the hype on campus. gwen's article about vann made it to the front page of the college paper too, and it appears to be as popular as he is. gwen spills the truth about how douchey richard is and how awesome van is. so in the end, van rocks his exams and wins a place in gwen's heart and her front page article taj meets the girl of his dreams, and even van's dad comes around to congratulating him. i feel like the common trope is for the stud to also be the douche but that's not the case in van wilder. that's why kicking back and watching the glory days of ryan reynolds, tara reid and tim matheson is a treasure in and of itself with this one. but what did you think? let me know in the comments below, and of course, be sure to drop a like for the commentary and subscribe to the channel so you don't miss the next recap. until next time, 