[Music], welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and it looks like we have some footage of the entire demo for the upcoming game, Marvel's Avengers. the reaction to the game so far has been mixed, to say the least. but this first real look at it makes it seem incredible. and throughout this video, I'll be showing you the full demo footage from San Diego comic-con and giving my thoughts on it at the end. this goes through about 15 minutes of gameplay, and it covers every character. and yeah, it just looks amazing. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want some of the big elements of the game's demo room for you, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. so sit back, relax, and let's look at the footage from the game. Oh, [Music], so our thanks business got civilians trapped behind barricades. understood. stapling. [Music], your turn. [Music], whew. [Music] just got confirmation, huge on food. was hijacked three times every Tony. those are important. okay, whatever. my fury. I don't like this second one. wait. [Music] that that thing is hit. [Music], all right, which one of you b-movie actually shot at me? [Music] put away by human with my attention. [Music], everything's just peachy. nobody kind of happens. [Music], go for a ride, kappa. someone's initiated the security protocols the chimeras. all the pundits take it over. smells like a heist. bring back negative. secure the bridge. that was what this can't get into the city. your others. [Music], [ __ ] are dangerous to those weapons were meant for the good guy. is that supposed to be a joke about the time your heads in the game? not sure. that seems like the reactors malfunctioning. I'm getting strange readings of the monitors, like we're being totally heat-seeking. the thing. [Music] you see. [Music], a veteran, if you can hear me, the convoy is transferring a highly lethal sonic disrupter. bombs are enemies attended. detonated within the state. I repeat, secure the aesthetic once. are you kidding me? something you and I loved those years ago. [Music] is an entrance. [Music], we need to get that dead banner. that bomb goes off, liquify everything within a 10-mile radius. [Music]. okay, so that's everything we have from San Diego comic-con for the game. and now, after the initial trailers released, there was quite a lot of backlash over it, but I actually think had a lot of potential. and after seeing it play out with all of its gameplay, needless to say, I think it looks outstanding. this is everything that I really want from an Avengers game. and throughout it really feels like there's a massive sense of momentum to the entire thing. another thing that it does beautifully is that it nails all of the different nuances between the characters. everyone feels like they have a completely different skill set, which I definitely think is needed in a title like this. Iron Man's gameplay is a complete opposite to Captain America's. but overall, they all kind of gel together so well and make you realize why the Avengers are such a powerful team. they have all the bases covered, and I think this demo really showcases that. and yeah, I'm just very, very excited to see how it plays out. if we get a full game of this, I think it'll be amazing. and I couldn't be happier with the first look. they finally found a way to capture the spirit of the Avengers, and I really think that this is gonna be a home run for Marvel. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the demo. and if you're excited for the upcoming game, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the deleted scene from Avengers endgame that she'll dannis, killing all of the Avengers in the past before going to 2023 to take on the new team. I'll also be covering all of the big news from San Diego comic-con, so make sure you stay locked to the channel for more amazing updates. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. [Music], 