welcome to the men of recaps. this is survivor winners at war, episode 5. the episode starts with a real tearjerker, not game-related. you'll talks about his friend jonathan penner, who played back on cook islands with them, whose wife now has ALS, which is terrible. they've set up a donation thing to help find a cure and stuff. so if you can help out. but now to the game. both tribes gather together, and you know what time it is? everybody drop your buffs. yes, it's tribe swap in time. tribe swaps are fun. they shake up the game. it's great if you're on the bottom of your tribes alliance, because you've got new room to maneuver now. it's not as great if you were doing good on your tribe, because now everything's changed. and besides red and blue, we've got a green tribe now. yeah, we're doing three five person tribes. on the new red tribe, Jeremy and Denise are outnumbered by the three original red members, Sandra, Tony and Kim. the normal situation is that original tribes would stick together and vote out the new people. if the Lions go against one another, the hyenas are gonna come in and just clean up shop, and I don't want to get eaten by a hyena. Jeremy in particular, goes hard finding out the dynamics here and realizes Kim is not that tight with Tony and Sandra. so she finds herself in the middle of this Drive. the new blue tribe also has a majority of original red members, but it's an opposite scenario. it's Yul, Wendell and Nick, the tight, unaffiliated players Alliance. the big drama over here is that Wendell and Michelle apparently used to date. things didn't end great. I guess they're a little awkward. and how they're stuck on a beach together. I know right now is sending me that you out text and I just want to be like new season who did. so she bonds with Parvati, the only other girl, an original blue member here. they were on opposite sides of the original blue tribe, but now they're pushed together. this is why tribe swaps are fun. in fact, the swaps worked out great for Parvati. she was kind of on the bottom of the old blue tribe, but all these new guys loved her. Yul's wife, apparently, is a big Parvati fan. and Nick is talked before that she was his high school crush. so Parvati stock is rising. the new green tribe has a majority of original blue members, but it is Rob Ben and Adam who are not trusting of each other. it quickly becomes apparent. it's not 3 verse 2, it's 2, verse 1, verse 1, verse 1. now, when a new tribe is formed, you can bet there's an idol hidden somewhere around here. everyone scrambles to look for it. but it is, in fact, Sofie who finds it first. it's another half idol situation where you have to give it to someone else and trust that they'll give it back. Sophy got a half earlier from Kim and made fun room for it, like, we're not really that close, apparently. so if he did in fact give that half back to Kim, though, and now she finds herself in Kim's shoes, because Sarah's not someone she was really close with on her original tribe. but now they gotta stick together. now it's time for the immunity challenge. it's a classic little obstacle, course. then you got to throw the bag to knock off the blocks. the puzzle is stacking these four blocks so that no color is repeated on any side. at first I said, oh, that's really easy, right? but the blocks aren't all the same. some of them have multiple of the same color there, so it's really confusing. the green tribe got to it first, but Sophie and Adam are really struggling with it. blue gets it real quick though, and red, who was way behind, comes back for second. so the new green tribe is going to tribal council. the boys get together, all agree they're gonna stay true blue. and to make sure they can all trust each other, Rob implements the buddy system. the three of them agreed to stay at Camp where they can all see each other and not go off and talk to the girls. so all day long they just sit around the fire doing nothing. that's basically baby sitter Rob and put all the kids in the playpen. and I'm sorry, but you ain't putting me in a playpen. the girls finally leave to talk to each other like mrs. crazy. they know from their earlier talks that both been in Adam are potentially willing to turn on Rob, but without a pre tribal convo to solidify that they're not feeling very comfortable. Sophie does have her idol now, and Sarah has the steel about advantage she won before. she could use that tonight and totally nullify the boys numbers advantage. but she would like to save it for later, if at all possible. so at tribal council, the girls plead their case. Jeff asks if there's any cracks in the blue boys they've been able to find. but Sophie's like, yo, let's not call them cracks. let's call it like opportunities for them to work with us. they only need Ben or Adam to turn on Rob, but in fact, both of them do. so Boston Rob is the fifth person voted out. he's off to join his wife, amber, on the edge of extinction. bequeaths both his fire tokens to his old Ally, Parvati. and that's how episode 5 comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap Champy's 