what would happen if a man and a woman get lost on a deserted island? will they despair, or is it a chance for them to fall in love? today i will tell you what happened in the movie blue lagoon, the awakening. emma is an outstanding high school student. she is very open and friendly. everyone loves her. dean is emma's classmate, but not like emma. he is lazy, weird and introverted, so his classmates do not like him. one day, the school held a spring tour. the destination was a small seaside town. at night, emma and her friends attended a party on the ship. but the polices came to check right while they were having fun. in the chaotic scene, emma fell into the water. dean saw that. he immediately jumped down to save her. emma told him to take her to the ship. but earlier, dean had smoked. he was afraid of being discovered. he wanted to wait for the police to leave first, only then they would return to the ship. unexpectedly, the police ordered the ship to return to the shore immediately. the only thing they were able to do was watch the ship leaving. at this moment, it was raining heavily, and a sudden wave came towards them. when they regained consciousness, they found themselves floating in the middle of nowhere. dean pulled out his phone to call for help, but his phone was soaked. emma's phone has no signal. the two of them intended to find help from the passing ships. they waited, but they didn't even see a bird around the damn place. then emma discovered that an island was not far away. after arriving on the island, the two hoped to find a hotel. however, after a few hours of searching desperately, they discovered that this is an uninhabited island. emma was a bit frightened. she decided to return to the place where they arrived earlier, and went back using the lifeboat. when the two returned, the lifeboat was already swept away by the sea. their hope was gone. nobody knew where they are. how could they be rescued? back at the hotel, the teacher was checking attendance when he found out that two people were missing. they quickly informed the police as well as emma's parents and dean's father. the three of them arrived at the airport very quickly, they were prepared to go to the small town on the deserted island. it was getting dark. fortunately, emma had brought some food with her when she left. after the two of them finished eating, they intended to sleep for a night and wait for tomorrow morning to think of another plan. by the second day, still no one came to find them. their phones are running low on battery. while being helpless, they thought of the worst-case scenario and planned to survive on the island first, then waited for their parents to come to find them. for the next few days, when they were hungry, they ate fruit on the island. to avoid the rain, they set up a simple tent. emma is still trying to look for help. she wrote a very large s.o.s sign on the sand. she believed that her parents will definitely come to save her. on the other hand, dean was very pessimistic because things between him and his father were not going well. he also didn't have any friends, so he thought that no one would find him. but he did not expect that his father was always looking for him. the police were searching everywhere, but still, they didn't see any sign of them dean's father even rented a helicopter, and he was looking for them every day. after a month, the police gave up. but emma's parents did not. they believed their beloved daughter was still alive. after spending a lot of time with dean, emma discovered that he was not actually a weirdo. he was just a little bit cold, but very handsome. she often sneakily took glances at him. that day, they discovered a body on the sand. emma terrified. she was afraid she would die on that crappy island. dean comforted her, but at that point, it was not enough to help the girl feel better. they had sex for the first time all night long. guess what? it was wild. the next day, when emma woke up, she couldn't see dean anywhere. after a moment, she found him digging a hole. he was preparing to bury the other skeleton. then he told emma about his mother. when he was a child, he went to see a football match. on the way home, he was being naughty with his mother. consequently, the car lost control and they have had an accident. when he regained consciousness, his mother was dead. dean felt very regretful. he did not attend his mother's funeral. that was the biggest regret in his entire life. after his mother passed away, he became very self-contained and quiet. in the third month, while climbing a tree to look for food, dean heard the sound of a plane. he ran to the sand intended to fire the signal gun for help, but now he discovered that the signal gun was gone. he can only watch the plane flew away. they were extremely disappointed. they sat on the sand and talked some cheesy stuff. at this time, they heard strange sounds. dean stood up to take a look. he discovered a black panther. he used a knife to kill it. they could finally eat some meat. for a long time after that, the two of them had sex nonstop every day. they always hoped that someone would find them. after searching for three months, their parents also believed that emma and dean was dead. that day, while the two of them were resting under a tree, they found the lost item falling down from somewhere. they looked up, found the monkeys stole their signal guns and sunscreen. after several months, they heard the sound of helicopters again. dean quickly took a gun and shot into the sky. it was a sightseeing helicopter. the two were finally rescued. when they returned, a lot of people interviewed them. reporters do not know how did they manage to survive on a deserted island. but after they have returned to their normal life, emma deliberately evaded dean for no reason. he was very sad, but he did not give up. during the party, dean dressed in his father's suit and was standing in the rain. emma fell in love with him. the movie has a beautiful ending. but after watching the movie, i have a big question mark. they had sex with no condoms, like a thousand times. how in the world did the girl not get pregnant? is it magic? if not, there could be sad news for the guy. 