Justice League's production was marred with controversy. originally planned as a two-parter, the movie was severely changed after the poor reception of Batman V Superman. over its troubled history, tabloids were littered with rumors of rewrites, directorial replacements and humongous reshoots. if you're a fan of Zack Snyder's work, then, like me, you're clamoring for an ultimate cut of the film. we've seen from the blu-ray release of Batman V Superman that these extended editions can vastly improve the film in quality and coherence. however, Justice League doesn't seem to be taking this path, and with poor profit margins on the movie, it seems unlikely that we will ever get one. that's why I've compiled this video to discuss Snyder's original vision, so that your curiosity may be satisfied in terms of what we could have got with that out the way. I'm definition, and this is the original Snyder coat script. unlike the theatrical release, the film didn't open on a terrible cellphone footage of the worst CGI blunder in movie history. instead, Justice League part 1, as it was called, began with Bruce Wayne's journey to find Aquaman. this opening was meant to be similar to Batman Begins, and also sought out the continuity error of Bruce fighting a criminal on the rooftop clean shaven and then having a full beard in the next scene. Bruce would then exposit the dialogue that we saw on the original teaser trailer. there is a stranger who comes to this village from the sea. he comes in the winter when people are hungry. big fish comes on the king tide. I was last night took I believe that an enemy is coming from far away. I'm looking for warriors. this stranger, others like him. I'm building an alliance to defend us from here. Bruce shaves on the plane and encounters a para demon upon reaching Gotham. mirroring this Wonder Woman tackles a suicide bombers in London. however, unlike the theatrical her, she fails to stop a secondary explosion, something that was also present in early trailers. well, as there are no casualties, she still harbors a lot of the blame, and the film takes on a darker tone. we they're not introduced to Barry Allen through his saving of iris. and Martha and Lois discuss Clark's death at the forum, before Martha announces that she's being evicted from here we get a much more fleshed out origin story for cyborg. we witness his life as a football star and the horrifying car crash that killed his mother and critically injured him, shown in the original trailers. the film then moves to Bruce and Diana discussing the rejection of Aquaman in the Batcave at the Daily Planet. Lois plays a much more vital role. she discovers how the parademon kidnappings are related. and cyborg antisepsis knowledge, deciding what to do next. we follow the character as he learns to fly and control his power. and the metal man realizes that he can control the entire nuclear arsenal of the world. however, he fears for his humanity and decides to swipe it away. the film then reverts back to the theatrical release with Steppenwolf stealing the first mother box from the Amazons. his design is similar to the original one portrayed at the end of Batman V Superman. however, he is much more intimidating here. upon obtaining the mother box, he delivers the following line, new Yonkers [Music] move utonium, which was a speech that was missing from the eventual release. he explains the unity and then makes his way to Atlantis. the Amazonian send warning to Diana, and she rejoins Bruce to discuss Steppenwolf. she informed some of the first-time Steppenwolf attacked the planet. the battle scene plays out similar to the theatrical release. however, green lanten, Zeus and Ares all get lines, and the characters play much more important parts and their cameo like appearances in the theatrical release. Bruce seeks out Barry and Diana begins a quest to find cyborg in Atlantis. Steppenwolf attacks. this time, however, he is joined by parademons, which distract Aquaman, and the villain is able to attain the box. willem dafoe, not Meera, discusses Steppenwolf with Aquaman and instills is to to you to track down the Box. parademons stork cyborg in his home, kidnap his father. and the team assemble and venture into Gotham Harbor to take down Steppenwolf. the action scene plays out much the same, but this time it's got extended dialogue and more conflict from cyborg as he struggles to control his power. the battle ends at a stalemate, but the team begin to assemble as they discuss the pros and cons of bringing Superman back. Lois wakes up from a nightmare and reminisces all the good times that she had with Clark, a scene that was later added to the opening montage. song. flashback to the Batcave, and Bruce studies Superman's costume. as cyborg discovers the origins of the mother box through virtual reality, he's able to investigate its history at the hands of the Nazis in World War 2, which slightly retcons the discovery of it in the deleted scenes of Wonder Woman, righting the wrongs of his past. Silas stone helps the team to infiltrate the Kryptonians ship, and cyborg thanks him for it. Superman is revived, and the commencing battle that the Man of Steel has with the remaining Lee devastates heroes Park Lois Lane, who is passing by at the time. hears this and runs to the confrontation to save Clark from killing Batman, similar to how she did in the martha scene of bbs. this is where we would also see cyborg telling the police officers that they should probably move. Clark and Lois arrive at the farm and discuss their engagement. this scene was shown in trailers, but cut down for the theatrical releases strict one time of two hours. we then joined the league at the bat cave, who discussed their defeat while salfred humorously mocks them in a sarcastic, brash tone. this scene was extended and really fleshed out that Diana should be the leader of the league, even if she disagrees with the position overall. it would have built more camaraderie and gave motive to Batman suicide mission. in the final act, the league would then embark on their journey to take down Steppenwolf, and we would see a much greater journey in which Batman arms up the other members. Aquaman's conversation is less humorous, and he mutters, honestly, I think we're all going to die, which is replaced with, I don't want to die in the final version. this was a lot longer scene in which cyborg laid out the strategy, and the team really bonded before they went into what could be their last day on earth. Superman journeys to the ship for his suit. he retrieves his blue and red one, and then goes to visit Alfred to discover the league's plans. Batman, blaming himself for Superman, decides to become bait. and as he heads off on a suicide mission, the other leaguers dissuade him and help. the final battle plays out much in the same way that it doesn't at the at Racal release. however, when separating the mother boxes, cyborg gets a glimpse at the nightmare vision that batman hadn't bbs, and we also witness Darkseid. the battlescape also mirrors apocalypse and has a lot more the hellish landscape that the planet possesses. now on earth, the team, of course, defeats Steppenwolf and decide to create a league. we get a much longer ending, in which Barrie gains a job at the crime lab, and Meara travels to land to bring Aquaman to Atlantis. Bruce awakens at night to be greeted by a Green Lantern, potentially played by army hammer. he warns the Dark Knight of the coming of Darkseid. and we end on a bittersweet note. so that is my piecing together of the original Snyder Justice League script. I've compiled this from various sources to try and depict as closely as I can to what we would have gotten the final cut. of course, with Warner Brothers interference. we never know if this could have been the complete vision of the original director, but it's fun to speculate. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the original Snyder cut, so make sure you leave them below, and be sure to add in any other rumors that you herd or if there's an element that you think I got wrong. thanks again for watching this video. please subscribe to my channel, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 