mack's story. here i will summarize the storyline of the movie called when we first met, which was released in 2018. enjoy watching. the movie begins with a brief meet at a halloween party. a man named noah first meets a beautiful woman named avery. even though it was the first time met, they had talked about many things. noah invited avery to sit by the pool so he could talk more freely. and avery also told him about himself, who likes to move around because she is the son of a soldier. noah asked if she came alone. avery replied that she was with his friend carrie, who was kissing very casually with the man in the doctor's gown. noah then took avery to a bar to listen jazz music. and noah played the piano while sing a song. seeing that avery was very impressed with noah, who played the piano so skillfully. then avery asked noah to take a photo in a photo booth. while taking a photo, avery realized that nose style was very stiff. and noah said that this was the first time he had taken a photo in the photo booth. long story short, avery invites noah to his house and plays together there. even to pass the time. they eat cereal so voraciously. when they were about to kiss, noah was very happy. but suddenly time stopped. and it turned out be a past shadow of noah's life. because what happened in the present was avery, his ideal woman, engaged to a man named earthen. noah comes to earthen and avery's fiance's party, but is too upset. noah gets drunk at the party and ends up throwing up in the bathroom. avery, who was worried about noah, finally followed into the bathroom to see how noah was. avery also came to help noah, and she asked his friend carrie to take noah home. then, when noah is in the car, he reveals how much love's avery and carrie shocked and feel sorry for noah. in love with avery? are you serious? why? noah began to recount events three years ago, how he and avery had met and were very close. long short story, noah goes down at a bar, and this is where he invites avery to play jazz. three years that then, at that time, noah met his best friend named max, and he wanted to take noah home then max took a ride. while max is hitching a ride, noah sits in the photo booth he used to share with avery. in a drunken state, he puts his money into the photo booth, hoping he can change destiny. then a strange thing happen. when this happened, noah suddenly woke up in his bed, and he immediately rushed to a shop. when he came out, there was a kid wearing a witch's outfit, like in the halloween event. and noah was confused about what was really going on. he thought halloween was over. when he arrived at the shop, he saw a newspaper, and it said the date in year 2014, which he went back in time to exactly three years ago. noah rushes to max's work and says, something is weird. why is this newspaper in 2014? when max explains noah's weirdness, he sees carrie's car, and he also sees carrie taking a halloween-themed couple photo. without thinking, noah walked up to carrie and told her that he knew her. carrie was confused by what happened, because at this time, she did not know noah at all. noah also felt that he had traveled through time and returned to 2014, where he first met avery. this time, noah really wanted to mend his relationship with avery. noah immediately went home and ready to come to the halloween party to meet avery. has happened in the past. noah also came with a different make-up. he appeared more fashionable and so cool. then noah arrives at the party, and he already knows what to do when he meets avery to get acquainted. but because he already knows avery, he also answered, according to what avery answered at that time, for the armed forces. how did you know? i was going to say that. although he could correctly guess that avery was the son of a soldier, she was a little confused by noah's behavior. after that, noah took avery to a bar, and this time played the piano right in. so well, the song he brought was kud bilsky, which was avery's favorite song at that time. i'm basie fan. yeah, he's my favorite. how did you know? avery, surprised and amazed by noah. then noah also invited avery to the photo booth. this time, he is very good at photobooth with a very cool style. after that, avery took noah to his house. as the two of them chatted, avery got a message that carrie would be home soon. when carrie comes home, she is shocked by nose presence. carrie also tells avery that there is a stalker, and they think noah is the stalker. noah beaten using a tree pop by carrie. after that incident, noah suddenly regained consciousness, and he was in his bed. noah went to avery's house and apologized. just as noah wants to apologize, avery screams and is shocked that the stalker three years ago has returned. finally, noah got beaten again with erden. and in the end, noah runs away from there. when noah arrives home, he searches for clues about how he could travel to the past. when he checked his wallet, he saw a photo from the photo booth. noah immediately rushed to the photo booth and returned to the past. this time, noah invites max to teach him how to seduce women. max also said, be a visible man, jerk or bad boys. noah also follows max's advice in this way. it turns out that it really works, and noah gets love from avery, until finally he was able to sleep with avery. and of course, the steady ritual was the first activity noah enjoyed with avery. when he woke up, noah was back in 2017, and he was really a jerk, or bad boys. and beside noah, there was already avery sleeping in the same bed with him. long short story, when noah wanted to go home, earthen and carrie took avery to exercise. and for fear of avery being taken back by earthen, noah also joined the sport with them. then he fell while running, and he helped by carry noah tells carrie that he once be serious with avery, and that noah wants to the man avery wants him. carrie took noah to a cafe and had a more serious conversation. carrie said that avery wanted a man who had a future and could make her happy. noah also has an idea to return to the past. noah returns to 2014, and he decides to work at where max works, and asks him to get noah during a halloween party. noah gets acquainted with avery again, but in a different way, and shows that he has a bright future. and then, with the past that noah has changed, he returns to 2017. there, he wakes up at his desk. noah realized that he and avery engaged. by this time, noah had become a rich and successful person. avery was already at noah's mansion, and he was very happy. when noah arrived at his office, he saw that his co-workers were not in the office, and the atmosphere seemed very quiet. suddenly, he got a surprise from his boss, and he has now become a deputy director in the company. after the celebration, max wants to have a private talk with noah that you stabbed me in the back with when you stole my promotion. max also tells that noah, in the past has stabbed max in the back and betrayed max just for a place in max should the deputy director. max had helped noah to work for this company, but noah betrayed him. max was very angry with noah and broke his friendship with noah. noah is very stressed because he betrayed his best friend. and he is also stressed because he has a very busy schedule as deputy director. then noah came home and saw his engagement party with avery, and he was late. noah asked kerry where avery was, and it turned out that he was accompanying earthen in the bathroom because earthen had vomited. finally, noah took earthen home, and in the middle of the trip, earthen said that he loves avery and has expressed his feelings, and he is upset and very sad. noah, who had felt what earthen was feeling now, was also sad. this scene is similar to the story that noah had experienced before he changed the future. when he got home, noah saw carrie eating, and he asked carrie if avery didn't love him with all her heart. carrie could only stand still and start telling him that avery just wanted to be with the right people. noah also realized that all this time, fate had not wanted noah to live with avery and do good things every day. noah is also aware all this time he had always met carrie, not avery. and that was a hint that all this time, knows life was only for another woman, and that woman was carrie. finally, noah returns the time machine to match earthen and avery. he felt it was the right thing. on halloween 2014, noah came with earthen and he tried to bring ethan closer to avery. meanwhile, noah tries to get close to carrie. noah and carrie also have fun together. and noah takes carrie to the bar where noah usually takes avery. he starts playing avery's favorite song, but it turns out that it's actually carrie's favorite so far. avery just followed her. they were all carrie's favorite songs, because avery didn't really like jazz that much. noah wakes up on a sofa at max's house. and noah asks if max and him are still friends. and max says, of course, we're still friends. noah asks again, where is carrie? where's carrie her friend? max replies that she's back on his ex-boyfriend. noah shocked and rushed to carrie's house. it's true, that carrie has returned to her ex-boyfriend named phil and noah realizes that he doesn't need to change his original destiny. he just needs to move on from avery and find his soul mate carrie. then noah went to the time machine in the photo booth that he had used to time travel. when noah got there, the photo booth turned into a new photo booth. noah stressed and drunk. while he drunk in front of the photo machine, avery and earthen came. they asked noah why he was in front of the photo machine, even though he had one in the house, a gift from earthen and himself. then noah too came home and found his old photo booth in his own house. and the money went back in time. and he didn't change anything that happened three years earlier. things are back to the way they were before. then earthen and avery's engagement party, noah wasn't as drunk as before, and he had completely moved from avery. noah then approached carrie and tried to get closer to her. and finally he matched with carrie. finally, they live happily. although noah has not matched with avery the blue eye, but at least he has a woman who really loves him, namely carrie, who is also very beautiful. the movie ends happily. thanks for watching. 