before we begin, let me start by saying I love old movies, but I must admit, sometimes these old Technicolor films do often look like somebody drink milk of many colors and just boffed all over them. the styles of our movie today, ah Janet Gaynor, who starred in a movie called Bernardin with Pat Boone, who played in the greatest story of a tone with Charlton Heston. who played in tombstone with Val Campbell. who played in Batman Forever with Tommy Lee Jones, who played in men in black 3 with Lady gaga, who was an uncredited alien on the screen for approximately 2.7 6 seconds. who is starring in the new West hours born with Bradley Cooper. who played in yes man with Jim Carrey. who also played in Batman Forever wouldna Cole Kidman, who played in Eyes Wide Shut with her then-husband Tom Cruise. who played in Jerry Maguire with Beau Bridges. who played in The Fabulous Baker boys with his brother Jeff Bridges. and played in the Iceman Cometh, which was the final film starring the other star. while moving today, Frederick March. and somehow all these people are linked to Kevin Bacon play. a story begins with this young farm girl, Esther, Victoria Blodgett, who is enamored with the movies and their stars, especially the hottest she saw in the movie that night, Norman Maine. and her old witch of an auntie be like, you ain't nothing but a silly little bit, running around the house fantasizing about Hollywood, talking to your crazy self in the mirror, making fool faces instead of trying to lane. Joe saw herself a man's and they all laughed, especially her brother, the little monster. and Esther says, you need to shut your damn mouth, don't you know? I'm a big girl now. so she storms off to a room, but her grandmama comes in says, don't you listen, these old crab just eating a homegrown vegetable, spot and dust do what you won't I know you was born this way, so take this damn money and go chase the fame. now, get max out of here, baby. it's cold outside. welcome to Hollywood, land of the beautiful, dirty rich. and as you can see, esta is absolutely starstruck. well, she may not realize about Hollywood, is they gonna tell her to get veneers on all the teeth. so she rents a room for six dollars a week. and he's like, you gotta pay in advance, so show me the money, honey. and she goes to the movie studio, and the lady at the desk is like, sweetie, we ain't got no jobs. see these women taking all these calls from women looking for work, just like you are. if I'm keeping it real, you'd have like being a government hooker. back at the hotel, she meets this guy, Danny. I want to be director, assistant director, something. and he hurts the feelings and tries to apologize. so he says, why don't you and I go to this concert? and they get there and he says, maybe that play your song and this was like, oh my god. that's not my main he has such a aura. and then he says, yeah, he'll oricon smell like whiskey took a piss and a Bloody Mary. so she writes a letter to a grand my mind says, look, granny, I love you. you sweet and all that, but damn, stop sending money, old woman. my friend Danny is telling me, I'm on the edge of glory. and then it's like, I got you a job where you can mingle with the stars. but beautiful, bye. mingle. I mean, serve. but while she's serving the stars, no man main Caesar. and oh, how she does catch his brown eyes. he's like, hey girl, come over here. let me nibble some of what you have to offer. but his woman sees that, esterhaz Norman, I'll be witched, bothered and bewildered. so no man finds Esther in the kitchen, and he's like, hello, hello. and his woman come and say, ain't I already told you not to talk to her? ain't it obvious that the lady is a [ __ ] this? she busts the plate over his noggin. so he takes us to home and says, I think it's important to tell you that what you see on screen, that ain't me, baby. that's just a perfect delusion. and she runs into the house. and he's thinking, damn, I'm getting the blue balls. I just hope it ain't gonna be this way every time we say goodbye. so later that night, Esther gets a call at her hotel, and the owner says, hey, some fool says he'd know mermaid on the telephone, but it is Norman Maine calling to tell this girl he got her an audition. and she is absolutely speechless. so the producer tells her, all you have to change is everything you are. oh, that was pink. but anyway, what I'm trying to say is she learns what I told y'all earlier, that Hollywood ain't about nothing but vanity. so she's got to change a name and change the way she walks and work on the accent, and I got to change your hair and give her a manicure and draw on some fake eyebrows. then, long story short, yes - Victoria has renamed Vicki Lester, and she takes a role in a major motion picture with Norman Maine. and boy does she make her aah pop. later that night, Norman tells Esther that he is just gaga over her, and he says, yester, I won't you love and during a boxing match, she proposes marriage. and Esther says, I don't know, you kind of live a lush life, but if you could put down the bottle, could play the love game. so Esther Blodgett and Alfred Hinkle, better known to the public as Vicki Lester, and Norman Maine get hitched. and Nestor says, I'm just so happy I could die. and the news gets out just as Esther and Norman are on their honeymoon. they just want to spend some time chillin but they can't. they can for stuck in the mud. but no one don't do to get him out. and he can't hunt him no food, because Norman's Hollywood. he ain't no Nature Boy. so they get out that country scheisse and return home, where we see Norman's famous declining, just as Estes Fame is rising. and they begin living a lush life of a different kind, while Norman gives up the bottle. but that don't last long, because Norman's producer. I was like, don't nobody give a [ __ ] about you anymore. so, bangbang, your career is dead. and tragically, no man has turned into a househusband against his wishes. notice, ester tries to eat the meat, not wear it, and no one turns right back to the bottle. just as ester / Vicki is nominated for an Oscar but not only is she nominated, she also wins and accepts her award two rousing applause. and she's so proud, because now she knows she's the queen. unfortunately for Esther, Norman is drunk again, again, and he busts up in there acting like a dope. and Norman's old ex bit, got no poker face, so she's just grins like, haha, she's your monster now. but Norman's full self accidentally knocks the angel down. well, okay, not down, but back. and insta just walks away with him and says, let's just sit down. it's so good. I love you and I like it rough. but Esther don't mean it, because she just sit there like, oh, ho, ho, I'm Aloha. Judas, after a four day drinking means Norman gets arrested for driving under the influence. and in the courtroom, that Judge is like, Norman Maine, over the years you have given me a million reasons to throw you off to the pokey. but Esther approaches the judges says, my man's got some problems, but just let him come home with me, please. there's nothing else I can say. and of course, when he finally gets out, they surround about a damn paparazzi. but inste can't stand the thought of being most successful than her husband. so she decides, all this famous you don't mean a thing, and she gives up her career and says, the nez Norman overhears this does the unthinkable. and don't expect a reference here, because death ain't funny. damn smoothies can depressing. and if you think the new ones gonna be any different, ha, are you wrong. I don't see no these movies, and they don't ever change. so just as Esther is about to leave Hollywood to return to the dust fountain farmers, the old wise one shows up and says, be it. come to mama. I mean, grandmama, I thought you came out here to find yourself. and grandmama convinces Esther to stay, and they attend Esther's premiere together. and Esther gets on the mic and says the saddest because you think she's gonna say, I'm Vicki Lester, but instead she says, I'm mrs. Noem in Maine. oh. so in short, it was just a bad romance. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos whenever I have one, to upload full movies explained. fall. I'm Jeb o dire. until next time, just dance. 