[Music]. in Kathmandu, Nepal, the sorcerer Basilius and his elet's entered a secret compound. come our Taj and behead is librarian. they steal a few pages from an ancient mystical text belonging to the ancient one, a long-lived sorcerer who has taught every student at kamar Taj, including kuselias, in the mystic arts. the ancient one pursues the traders, buttkiss Ilyas and his followers escape. in New York City, Stephen, strange and acclaimed but arrogant neurosurgeon, badly injures his hands in a car accident, leaving him unable to operate. fellow surgeon and former lover, Christine Palmer, tries to help him move on, but strange vainly pursues experimental surgeries to heal his hands. strange eventually learns of Jonathon Pangborn, a paraplegic who mysteriously regained full use of his legs. Pangborn, direct strange to come our Taj, where he is taken in by Mordo, a sorcerer under the ancient one. the ancient one demonstrates her power to strange revealing the astral plane and other dimensions such as the mirror dimension. she eventually agrees to train strange despite his arrogance, which reminds her of Basilius. strange studies under the ancient one and Mordo, and from ancient book in the library that is now guarded by the master Wong, strange learns that Earth is protected from threats from other dimensions by a shield generated from three buildings called sanctums in New York City, London and Hong Kong, which are all connected and accessible from kalmar Taj. The Sorcerer's task is to protect the sanctum, though Pangborn instead chose to channel mystical energy into just walking again. strange progresses quickly and secretly reads the text from which cassellius stole pages, learning to bend time with the mystical eye of agamotto, Mordo and Wong warned strange against breaking the laws of nature, drawing a comparison to casillases desire for eternal life. Basilius uses the stolen pages to contact powerful Dormammu of the dark dimension, where time is non-existent. Basilius destroys the London sanctum to weaken Earth's protection. the zealots been attacks in New York sanctum, killing its guardian. but strange holds them off with the health of the cloak of levitation, until mortal and the ancient one arrive. strange and Mordo become disillusioned with the ancient one after kuselias reveals of the ancient ones long life to do to her, drawing power from Dark Dimension. Cecilia's mortally wounds ancient one and escapes to Hong Kong. before dying. she tells strange that he too will have to bend the rule to complement Mordo steadfast nature in order to defeat Basilius. strange and Mordo arrived in Hong Kong to find long deck the sanctum destroyed and the Dark Dimension irresistible, engulfing earth. strange uses the eye to reverse time and save Wong, then creates an infinite time loop inside the Dark Dimension that traps himself and Dormammu in the same moment of time. after repeatedly killing strange to no avail, tamam finally gives in to strange demands that he leave earth and take Casillas and his ellas with him in return for strange breaking the time loop. disgusted by strange and the ancient when defying nature's laws, Mordo departs. strange returns the I to calm our taja and takes up residence in the New York sanctum to continue his studies. in a mid-credits seemed, strange decides to help Thor, who has brought his brother Loki to earth to search for their father, Odin. in the post-credits scene, Mordo confronts Pangborn and siphons the energy that he uses to walk, stating that earth has too many sorcerers. [Music], 