hi. this is a movie called the prodigy. spoilers ahead. enjoy. movie begins with a house in ohio, where the girl breaks the door, running into the woods. when she arrived on the road, she was almost hit by a car. she started screaming that the man took her hand. next scene, we are seeing sarah and her husband, john. she felt pain as the baby is arriving earlier than it should. jon drives her to hospital and asking if she is feeling okay. a man who kidnapped the girl is still in the house, and police is coming after him. he does not know she disappeared, and goes to check on her. after seeing she escaped, he started screaming. he comes out naked, and the police shoot him, but then they saw him holding someone's arm cut off. miles is born, but with different eyes colors. it's called heterochromia. they gave him a medicine, but he does not cry. and after only five months, he started speaking by saying word mama. they called him smartypants. as miles is very special, they signed him to preschool, but he is having a very difficult time making friends and started showing his second side. miles is now eight. he is doing some funny things with his eyes and make his mom laugh. they leave miles with zoe as they are going on a date night. zoe said, you can pick one game to play. miles, choose hide and seek. zoe is counting to 10, and when she opened her eyes, miles is standing right in front of her instead of hiding. then she gave him more time by counting to 20. miles turned off the light in the basement. she saw the doors open and headed downstairs. stepped on the glass and hurt her leg. after that, miles said to his parents that he does not remember anything. the dog barks at sarah and goes out. she entered the miles room and saw him whispering something in other language, and started to record his voice. in school, miles wants to do group activity with haley, but dash said that he is sorry, as they are already working on their plan. then miles started speaking some other language, like earlier, and hurt dash. next day, sarah took him to the doctor to see what is wrong. miles said that he did it because some person is hurting him, and he can't say who. sarah gave her the tape. she recorded. later that night, he wakes up and said, that person is inside here. when she went to a specialist, he said that her son speaks hungarian, and it was a special dialect spoken by only 40 000 people in the world, and it was swear words he spoke. he started talking about possibility of reincarnation. miles started homing some song. when mom asked him, what is that song? he said that she used to sing it when he was a baby, but she does not recognize it. and started believing what they were saying about him. she told john about what doctor said, and he finds it crazy. john goes out to find a dog, but he can't find it. he asked miles to join him. miles started talking about how he is a great dad for someone who has been beaten by a father. and he could not know that, as only john and sarah knew that. then he saw a camera, and they found out he is spying on them. started yelling at him about camera and the dog. sarah stopped him. miles said to his mom, what is wrong with him? and that every night he leaves his body when he is laying awake in bed, because he needs to make a room for some things. she wakes up and sees him standing upright. he said he is scared. and she calls him, but when he hugs mom, he became someone else. it was just a bad dream. but then she saw multiple fly leading her to the basement. and finds out that miles killed the dog and hid it in the basement. he said, sometimes when he leaves his body, bad things happen. sarah takes him to the doctor who hypnotizes him because he wants to talk to another person. the only way for him to be cured is to find out what the other person wants. he asked him to tell him his name, but he said he became miles now. doctor said, miles, if you hear me, tell me the name. and he started scratching the couch. then the other person inside miles said that he took a dr medicine in his bathroom. and he will said to the police that he drugged him. so he must say to sarah that he failed because there is not anyone inside her son, and that he must never see them again. dr agrees and said to sarah that everything is fine with him. but when they left, he saw a name written on the couch. doctor calls her later and said that she goes to a quiet place where miles is not nearby, and that she does not trust anything. what miles said, he said, the name is edwards karka. and she types it. she looks at the eyes, and they are the same. he just died before miles was born. he killed nine women, but the last one managed to get away, but not before he cut off her hand. they all had their hand removed. it was his trademark. the survivor name is margaret, and she wrote a book about her ordeal, and she led the police to him. john wakes up and she said, we have to do something about miles tomorrow. he pick up miles while he was in school, as they were planning to take him to a private institution. while she was packing his clothes, she finds miles secret stuff. there was a book of the survivor and all the news about the victim. then she saw a drawing, and she knew why he comes back. margaret is the reason. and he wants her dead. john told miles that he is not coming home and he is going to live somewhere else. miles cuts the car belt and stubs john on the side as he loses control and hit the car. john is unconscious at hospital and fighting hard to recover. sarah took her kid and said she know how to help him. when she goes in a store. he saw the book. she gave him a pill to sleep because she cannot trust him. and she bring the gun. she is planning to kill margaret so her son can come back. margaret opens the door and welcome her with a tea. she is living alone, but have son named david, and he is starting a sophomore year. sarah is feeling bad about this and go to use a bathroom. but she know that this is the only way to help her son. she comes back with a gun pointing at margaret, but she gave up and cannot do it. then suddenly, miles appeared in front of her and said, which one you like better? blue or hazel? and margaret said, that was what he said the night she met him. he stabbed her in her stomach and proceed why he comes for he went outside, and sarah followed him. he said, it's too late. miles is gone now. and he took the control of the body. sarah takes out the gun in anger, and someone shoot her. the old guy thought she was going to shoot a kid, and he was going to save him. they took the kid as they are planning to give him a new family who can care about him until his dad gets better. he walks into his room and looked at the mirror and saw his true self. 