welcome to the men of recaps. this is the mandalorian, episode four. we begin with shrimp. yes, it's a happy farming village harvesting their pretty blue shrimps. but they're attacked by Raiders. it's the orcs from Lord of the Rings. they steal all the shrimp. I guess they're pretty valuable, leaving the village with nothing. looks like they could use a hero. now, Mandalorian and baby Yoda are having a grand old time in this spaceship. it's like, hey, don't touch the controls here. I'm driving. God is just unbearably cute. they're on the run from other bounty hunters looking for baby Yoda, so they stopped at this backwater, middle of nowhere planet to hideout. mando immediately notice is this badass fighter chick. and it's like, Oh, who's she? they have a bit of a fight because she expects that he's here hunted a bounty on her. but pretty soon they realized they can be friends. she was an ultra badass commando shock trooper with the rebellion. something happened though, and she quit. now she's laying low out here, and it's good etiquette for intergalactic badasses trying to lay low, only one per planet. as Mendoza getting ready to leave, some of the shrimp farmers come trying to hire him to fight off the bandits and get their shrimp back. they don't have nearly enough money to make it worthwhile, but turns out their villages way off the grid. it'd be a great place for mando and baby Yoda to hide out. Mandalorian recruits the girl. figures he can use some backup, and she could use a nice farming village to lay low into. and it's a beautiful little village. all the kids love their baby Yoda. Mandalorian meets a hot farmer lady, and there's immediately a romantic spark. she asks about his helmet, and we finally get some clarification. yes, he does take it off to e 20s by himself, but he's never shown his face to another person since he was a kid. if you ever take your helmet off in front of someone, you are kicked out of Mandalorian Club for good. so Mandalorian and soldier go looking for the bandits, but they find the tracks of an 80s teeth that's one of the Chinese Imperial Walker robots. they're like, look, there's no way we can fight that thing just the two of us. we'll just have to leave the village. but the villagers are like, we ain't leaving our shrimp ponds T just to fight. so it's a classic training the villagers to fight montage, you got to stick them with the pointy end. they're setting a trap for the Walker. gonna dig a deep hole and trick it into stepping in. boom. so mando and the soldier going to attack the bandit village. to lure them out, they place a bomb in the main huts, and fortunately, subhead is walk in there, and they to fight it. and more just keep on coming as the bombs tick in town. it's a really fun scene. in the end, they bust their way out of there just in time. bloom. and their plan work. the 80s, he is coming after um, they'll earn it back to the village. unfortunately, it stops just short of falling in the hole. and, boom, it's an epic fight. - pew pew, lasers everywhere. mando lone says, disintegration rifle to the girl soldier, and she runs out there, trying to trick the walker and to steppin into the pit. she lines up her shot, Booton, blasts them. it takes a step together, and, oh yeah, it's going down. man who pulls a sick move for Nate in the thing. explosion. so the day is saved. baby Yoda's fitting right in in the village. I mean, he is so dang cute, they just instantly love him. Hatchin, farmers like, hey, Mandalorian, why don't you just stay here, take off your armor and retire? he considers it. it would be nice, but the Mandalorians, Mandalorian to the core. he's gonna leave baby Yoda here to grow up happy and fly off into the sunset. just then, in the woods, it's a bounty hunter. he's got his sights right on baby Yoda. Puma blaster shot. no, luckily, it was Girl soldier takin em out. all the bounty hunters had tracking fobs linked to baby Yoda. I'm not sure how those actually work. it seems like he wasn't concerned about him at first, but I guess they've reap icked up the signal or something. so it's time to be moving on. girl soldier's gonna stay here. and mando and baby Yoda, hop a wagon and ride off to the next adventure. [Music], 