detective recapped here. today, i'm going to explain a sensual thriller film called a housemaid. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. it's another busy night in the city streets. an assortment of meats is grilling on each side. all manners of seafood are poking out of their tanks, and young men and women populate the several bars and lounges in the buildings. suddenly, a loud thud is heard from a nearby block. a young woman had jumped off a building. slowly, the crowd starts to gather as the woman's body lay bleeding on the ground. an ambulance comes in, but with the woman already dead at that point, they could only retrieve her body. later that night, lee yoon-yi persuades her co-worker to drive her to the scene where the suicide took place. there, yoon yi becomes distraught upon seeing the chalk outline of the body. the next morning, an older woman named byung sik, also known as miss cho, visits yunyi. she is the head housemate of uni soon to be employer. the woman explains that she wanted to see how yunyi lives since she wishes to be thorough about who she's hiring. eventually, yoon yi is hired as a live-in housemate. on her first day at the job, miss cho introduces her to her new employers. first is heyra, who is currently pregnant with twins. after doing hey ra's laundry, she then meets her young daughter, nami. in the afternoon. when nami returns from school, yoon yi is already at the door to greet her, making extra effort to ensure that nami notices her. after dinner, yoon yee and miss cho help themselves to the excessive leftovers that the family had not eaten. moments later, the father of the household, hoon, arrives after a day of work. he greets you and you warmly and orders miss cho to send up a bottle of wine. once he goes upstairs, miss cho prepares the glasses and instructs you and you to take them to whom the new housemate complies. then sets down the tray on the table. while the married couple talks about uni, they mention her being a graduate of an early childhood education degree, then comment about how she'll be good with children that evening when yooni goes to bed, nami asks her to leave the door partially ajar so she wouldn't be afraid to sleep. yooni does so before smiling at nami, who sleeps in the adjacent room. the next morning, yoon yee and mischo prepare breakfast. uni takes the tray of food to hoon's piano room where hoon is currently playing in while he's playing piano, uni looks wistfully at her new master, and she starts to develop a crush on him. later, the family says goodbye to hoon before he heads off to work. in the bathroom, yoonie helps hey raw in the tub as she bathes. when evening comes, yooni cleans up the tub, making sure that it's prepared for whom. once he gets home, hoon catches her in the middle of cleaning with her skirt hitched up high, leaving him to stand there while staring at her thighs. one day, the family decides to go to the local hot spring. and they decided to bring eunu with them, with yoon yee wearing her swimsuit, who eyes her while she goes to help nami in the pool. later that evening, hoon and hey raw are making love, but hey ross struggles with it due to her pregnancy. they're forced to stop, much to hoon's frustration. when heyra falls asleep, hoon comes downstairs to find yunyi in her bed half-naked. realizing that hoon is there, she covers up her body with a blanket. however, hoon only tells her to be quiet, then gives her a glass of wine. he orders her to take off the blanket, and with that, he starts seducing her and touching her all over her body. the two of them end up sleeping together, unbeknownst to anyone in the house. the following day, eugenie remains warm and supportive towards the oblivious hay raw, despite her affair with her mistress's husband. during the day, yoon yee and hoon act as if everything is normal, but the two of them continue to steal glances at one another that evening, whom goes to visit yoon yi in her room, and they sleep together again. however, miss cho was still awake at that hour, and while she's walking about, she witnesses them in the act. the following morning, miss cho watches yooni closely. she goes to prepare breakfast, and as usual, yoon yi would be taking the food in hoon's piano room. miss joe notes that uni is wearing makeup that morning, and she watches uni from outside the piano room. in the room, hoon hands you and yee her check, while she's constantly smiling at him and trying to look pretty. later, you need goes to massage hey raw, while continuing to warmly support her in her pregnancy. the site revolts miss cho, and she's repulsed that yoon is so two-faced as to behave cheerfully around hey raw, like she's not screwing her husband behind her back. after a day of work, miss cho makes conversation with yoon you while subtly trying to pry the truth out of her. of course, yoon yee casually dismisses her questions here. miss cho shares her negative views about working for rich people. she goes on to call the job runs, which stands for revolting, ugly, nauseating and shameless. eventually, miss cho reports the affair to heira's mother, me. miss joe tells her that she thinks that uni is pregnant, and that uni herself might not know it yet. in order to confirm this, me plans to stage an accident. meanwhile, yoon yi speaks with her friend and tells her about her situation with mr hoon. this surprises her friend, and she tries to dissuade yoon yi from working there any further. however, yooni doesn't need any of her friends advice, and she continues to work in the household. one day, yoon yi is on a ladder to dust the chandelier. while she's in the middle of this, mee walks by together with heyra and nami. mee intentionally trips so she can push the ladder that yoon is on. she ends up dangling from the chandelier, clinging tightly to it for dear life. she tries asking mihi for help, but the woman doesn't do a thing, and even goes as far as to stop her daughter from helping as well. yoon yi ends up falling from the second floor, and she's promptly taken to the hospital. there she's given several tests, including a pregnancy test. me planned for this sudden hospital visit so they could monitor if you knew really is pregnant. back at the household, mihi reveals to hey raw that hoon and yunyi are having an affair. hey ra is shocked and disappointed, but her mother cynically tells her that infidelity comes with the territory of marrying a rich man like hoon. as for hoon, he's unaware of all these events since he's recently left for a business trip, leaving heyra and her mother to plot against uni. overall, yoon yi sustained minor injuries, and she's to spend the night in the hospital before she is discharged. uni discovers that her pregnancy test result came out as positive. she talks to her friend about having an abortion, and her friend insists that it would be best for her to quit her job whether she goes through with an abortion or not. back at the household, hey raw's ever cynical mother tells her not to resent whom as he was born getting everything he wanted, regardless if it was right or not. she goes on to explain that her mother-in-law suffered because all the men in hoon's family were just like him, but eventually she became respected by everyone. she told her to endure it for now. let hoon sleep around, and one day she'll live like a queen. that evening, hey raw visits yoon yi's room while holding a golf club. she intends to smash the club against yoon yi's head while she was sleeping. but in the end, she couldn't go through with it. miss joe sees this happening and watches hey ross frustration. the following day, yoonie tells miss cho that she thinks she should quit with her growing concern for uni safety. ms cho urges her to pack her things and leave immediately. still, yoon yee doesn't take miss cho's advice, and she ends up being confronted by heyra and her mother. within that very day. hey ra repeatedly slaps yoon yee. and yoon yi, not realizing that they know of her affair, could only bow her head shamefully and ask for forgiveness. me he then hands her a check worth a large sum of money, demanding her to get an abortion. if she gets the baby aborted, then they can forget about the entire thing and move on. despite me he's insistence. hey ross suspects that yoon you won't go through with the abortion. after all, she observed that yunyu was close to nami, and she would likely never give up her own child. meanwhile, yunyi herself struggles with whether she wants to keep the baby or not. mischo urges her to get rid of the baby so that she could be safe from the rich family, since they won't stop until they get what they want. however, talking with nami only encouraged her to keep the baby. nami tells her that she saw me he push her from the ladder. and nami apologizes to her, even saying that yoon yi is a good person. still suspecting that yunyu won't push through with the abortion, hey, raw decides to take matters into her own hands. with this in mind, she poisons the herbal medicine that yoon yi drinks every day. eventually, yoon yi decides that she wants to keep the baby, and she reports this to mrs cho. still concerned, miss cho warns her that the people they're working for are dangerous. uni is liable to getting hurt if she doesn't give them what they want. while miss cho is loyal to her employers, she's still looking out for uni. hoon returns from his business trip, then goes to see hey raw in the hospital as she's now going through labor. when the twins are delivered, hoon visits his wife in the ward before leaving for home to get a change of clothes. hey rock kisses hoon angrily, which confuses him, who returns home to find yunni in their bathtub. outraged, who asks what yunni is doing there, and she answers him with the truth. she reveals that she's pregnant with his baby, and his family is paying her to get an abortion. miss joe comes in, and yunyi tells both her and hoon that she wants to keep the baby. suddenly, yooni wails in pain as the bathtub fills with her blood. later, while she's crumpled up in pain, she tells hoon again that she wants to keep the baby, even promising to leave them peacefully, knowing that the poison medicine might have already given her a miscarriage. hoon agrees to keep the baby. later in his piano room, hoon confronts mehi about the events that transpired. he demands to know if she was the one who poisoned yoon yee. even though he doesn't want the baby in the first place, hoon remains offended that his mother-in-law would poison his own child. yoon yi is taken to the hospital, and there she's forced to undergo an abortion without her consent, fully eliminating the possibility of having the baby. the only person to stay with her during the abortion is miss cho, who's now feeling remorseful about how things ended up. uni partly blames miss cho for what happened, since she's the one who told me about her affair, and the woman could only apologize to her. yoon yee tells her that she wants to get revenge somehow for what the family had done to her. yoon yi is now back at her old apartment with her friend. during one night, her friend tells her that it would be best to just forget about the whole thing. inconsolable, unique cries in the corner of the bed, repeating the word runs over and over again. when yoon yi has recovered from the abortion, ms cho helps her sneak into the house. here, hoon catches yunyi breastfeeding one of the twins with an increasingly unstable state of mind. uni lingers around the house while refusing to leave. the entire family gathers in the living room. me hoon, hey ra, nami and the twin babies are all there. hey ra orders miss cho to chase yunyi out of the house, but miss cho, poised and calm as ever, refuses to. she quits right there on the spot. finally, having had enough of the family's immoral behavior, suddenly, uni emerges from the second floor to torment the family by slyly talking to nami, leading the child to ask about what happened to the baby in her tummy, to no avail. miss cho tries convincing yoon yi to abandon her plan and just leave the place with her. since yunyu remains dedicated to seeing her plan through, she apologizes to both nami and her twin siblings. she asked them to never forget about her, before taking a rope and hanging herself on the same chandelier she once clung to. the family could only watch in horror while yoon chokes to her death. but she doesn't stop there. she lights herself on fire as the terrified family looks on. and miss cho simply turns around to take her leave. eventually, the sprinklers start running, and the family finally leaves the house too. from outside, nami stares at the swinging and burning body of yunji before her father ushers her to leave with them. the lasting scars from the horror that the family was subjected to remain. they spend nami's birthday outdoors in the snow, with everyone speaking in english. me is sat down carrying the twins in both arms, her face unreadable as she stares at nothing in particular. who appears overjoyed with a big smile on his face while doting on his daughter and opening the champagne bottle. hey, ra looks drunk and detached as she sways around while singing a slow happy birthday song. nami looks slowly between her parents before walking away from her unhinged family. while her detached mother and overzealous father each take a seat, the girl looks on in the distance. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 