Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a mystery, sci-fi, thriller film called "Super 8." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. In 1979 at Lillian, Ohio, a tragic accident in a steel mill costs the life of Elizabeth Lamb, leaving her teenage son, Joe, with her husband, Deputy Sheriff Jack. Her co-worker, Louis Dainard, shows up at the wake but is immediately thrown out by an angry Jack. Four months later, Joe and his friends, Charles, Preston, Martin, and Cary, work on a zombie movie to enter a Super 8 film competition. Hoping to add emotional value to the plot, Charles adds a new character to the movie: the protagonist's wife. When Joe returns home from Charle's house, he finds his father mourning in the bathroom, still unable to cope with their loss but refuses to let his son see him in this state. That evening, the two have dinner at a diner. Disapproving Joe's interest in making movies, Jack suggests for Joe to spend the summer in a baseball camp instead. Joe dislikes the idea but doesn't say so. After dinner, Joe paints on his action figures until Charles calls him. The friends meet up with Louis's daughter, Alice, who isn't happy to see Joe, fearing that he'll tell his father about her driving without a license. After Joe promises that he won't snitch, Alice agrees to drive the group to the train station. Upon arriving at the station, Charles eagerly gets everything started. Preston and Cary set up the lights and effects, Martin runs his lines with Charles, and Joe puts makeup on Alice. They film Martin portraying a detective investigating a zombie virus and Alice playing his wife, who's against him getting involved. Alice's teary performance has the boys stunned and speechless, even after she's finished. A train horn sounds from afar, and the boys frantically scatter to film a scene with the passing train in the background. The train's rumbling muffles their dialogue, yet the extra effect excites Charles. Joe looks back and spots a truck that turns into the railway. The truck crashes into the train, exploding into a roaring fire. The kids run away, dropping their camera that continues filming. The train's derailed cars block their path, making the boys turn back, separated from Alice. Debris and flames fly everywhere, covering the boys with soot as they run to escape the wreck. Train cars crash onto the station and fly over their heads, with one blocking Joe's path. He sees it marked as explosives, giving him little time to run for cover before it explodes. Alone in the wreckage, Joe spots a train car moving as if something large is inside. He pulls out a silver necklace from his pocket, clutching it in his shaky hands. The door flies overhead, and he waits for something to come out. When nothing comes, he goes to look for his friends. The boys reunite, but Alice is nowhere in sight. Joe sees debris with blood on the side, and the boys assume that it's Alice's. But she appears behind them. It turns out the blood was fake and came from Joe's bag. Among the wreckage, they find strange white cubes spilling out from the containers. Joe informs the rest about the truck that purposefully collided on the train. Inside the truck, they recognize the driver as their biology teacher, Dr. Woodward. In his hand is a map of the United States with dates and times written on it. Dr. Woodward takes the map back and reveals a gun, scaring them. He warns them not to speak about the event; otherwise, they and their parents will be killed. The military gathers at the scene, alerting them. Dr. Woodward aims the gun at them, convincing them to flee. Alice heads straight for the car, but the boys retrieve their equipment first before getting in. The soldiers arrive, missing the car that drives off, unable to get the license plate. All that's left of the kids' presence is empty film boxes. The boys panic in the car, distracting Alice while she drives. They all vow not to say anything about what just happened. After dropping them off in their homes, Alice tells Joe that she regrets joining them before leaving. Late that evening, electrical posts malfunction around the neighborhood. The next day, Jack wakes up Joe as he prepares for work. While the two talk, the white cube that Joe took from the wreckage moves on its own without them noticing. After Jack leaves, Joe heads to Charle's house, finding his family in chaos at the breakfast table. He joins Charles by the T.V., watching the news cover the train crash last night. Both are still in disbelief at what they witnessed. An idea sparks in Charles' mind when Joe comments how the train crash looks like a disaster movie. His disbelief turns into excitement, wanting to head back to the wreckage to film more scenes. After Charles gets his film developed, Joe heads to Alice's house, hoping to convince her to join them again. Louis arrives, yelling for Joe to go away. Before Joe leaves, Alice promises to join them on the next filming. Later that day, they shoot action scenes with the train wreckage as their background. Using the camera to get a closer look, Joe recognizes the hooks on the train's cars, realizing it as an Air Force train. With this clue, plus the map that Woodward had, Joe wonders if he drove into the train tracks to destroy something. Charles stops the conversation, reminding them about Woodward's warning. Back in the wreckage, the military set up camp and retrieve the white cubes from the train cars. Jack demands Colonel Nelec for information, but the colonel remains tightlipped about the event. Jack shares his suspicions with Sheriff Pruitt at the police station, who dismisses his concerns, thinking that he's simply on edge due to his wife's recent death. That evening, Sheriff Pruitt witnesses dogs running away from something while loading up his car at the gas station. Suddenly, his car powers on while the gas meter's bell ding wildly. He hears something from the side of the store and jumps when the dumpster zooms past him. The police car outside shakes then the lights flicker, alerting the clerk, Breen. Breen finds the sheriff's car wrecked, but the sheriff is nowhere around. A mechanical clicking alerts him, and he attempts to escape but is captured. In Joe's house, Joe uses makeup to turn Alice into a zombie for the next scene. Charles and Cary ask if they can blow up Joe's Air Force train model to add to their scene. He reluctantly agrees. The power fluctuates in the house, concerning them as it had been happening around town throughout the day. Alice practices acting like a zombie on Joe with Charles watching the two grow close. In the gas station, Jack investigates the chaos. Recognizing the sheriff's gun, Jack puts an A.P.B. on both Sheriff Pruitt and Breen. More reports of strange occurrences circulate the town, including car engines, generators, and dogs going missing, including Joe's dog, Lucy. When Joe returns home, he finds Jack and other police officers discussing the events. Over-hearing that the military is investigating tire tracks, Joe's heart sinks, realizing that they're looking for them. Outside, an electrician learns about the neighboring towns' missing electrical wires. While he's fixing an electrical post, a mysterious mechanical sound comes from the nearby junkyard. Metal objects fly around until an oven crashes nearby. He raises the lift to get a better look but sees nothing in the vast night. Under him, the lights start to flicker, and the lift malfunctions. Something roars from the dark and slams against the lift. The lift shifts to the side, with the electrician nowhere in sight. The next day at the town hall, the Lilian residents complain about the power fluctuations and stolen electrical items. One theorizes that it's part of a Russian invasion, opting for another man, Mr. McCandless, to share about hearing military chatter from his radio. Jack pulls Mr. McCandless away from the crowd to get more information. Jack heads back to the police station, ordering officers to gather radio and scanners to check the frequency. Louis interrupts him, warning him not to let Joe near his house or his daughter again. In Joe's house, he shows Alice his miniature models after doing her zombie makeup. Alice brings up the necklace he was holding during the train crash, learning that it was his late mother's. Back in the station, Jack learns that the missing dogs are found in various locations out of town as if they were avoiding something. The radios receive frequency from the Air Force, where they learn about Operation Walking Distance. Soldiers clear out Woodward's house while the group gathers outside to film a scene. A police car approaches them, and Jack pulls Joe away from his friends and retrieves his camera, despite Charles' protests. With Joe in the car, Jack walks to Nelec, demanding information about Walking Distance. Hearing this, Nelec agrees to talk in private at another time. Jack takes Joe home, warning him not to be friends with Alice anymore. Louis is a known troublemaker, yet Joe's mother became friends with him, which Jack believes was a mistake. Joe defends Alice, refusing to listen to his father. Jack doesn't relent, however, insisting on his rules before leaving to deal with the military. Scared and confused, Joe heads to the town graveyard and sits by his mother's tomb until dark, missing life when she was still around. A rattling noise from a nearby garage catches his attention. He shines his flashlight on the windows, seeing something moving inside. Meanwhile, Jack heads to the airfield to see Nelec, but he's put under arrest instead. Inside the camp, Nelec interrogates Woodward on what he knows and who filmed the crash that night. The two argue about the past, ending with Woodward warning him that Woodward will also be watching when Nelec sees "him" next. Knowing that he won't say any further, Woodward is euthanized. That evening, Alice climbs into Joe's bedroom window. She advises him not to let Charles blow up his train model for the movie, pointing out how Charles bosses him around. Alice admits that she cares about him and doesn't want him to be pushed around. Joe's projector suddenly powers on, signaling that the electricity is back. They watch a home video of Joe's mother from when he was younger. The images have him reminiscing about his mother while Alice tears up, trying to keep her feelings back. Finally, Alice confesses that her father missed his shift after getting drunk the day of the accident, which forced Elizabeth to take over. She breaks down, confessing that she sometimes wished her father was the one who died instead. The video ends, and a rattling brings their attention to the white cube on his desk. It moves on its own, humming as it does. The cube zooms past them and out of the room, creating a hole in the wall. Alice sneaks back into her house, but Louis is still awake, demanding where she's been. He's drunk and smoking in the living room, yelling for her to leave as her mother did. In tears, Alice takes her bike and rides away. Louis tries to catch up with her, regretting his words to his daughter. With his car behind her, Alice attempts to lose him, but their chase ends with Louis crashing the car. Alice stops, worried about her father. Something reaches down to her, and she screams. Louis clambers out of the car to her rescue, but Alice is nowhere to be found. Meanwhile, the military uses flamethrowers to burn down the field near the town. Operation Walking Distance is now in effect. The next day, Joe tells Charles about the cube, but he wants nothing to do with it. Charles is pissed that Joe refused to let them blow up the train model upon Alice's advice and that his dad took his film. While they're arguing, Joe's missing cube is stuck to the water tower nearby. Making their way to Charles' house, Joe encourages his friend that they can still finish the movie. Charles drops the act and admits to being upset about Joe and Alice getting close. It turns out Charles convinced Alice to be part of his movie because he liked her. While they're arguing, they play the reel from the train station that accidentally recorded part of the crash. Charles starts to apologize about getting upset when Joe notices something strange in the film. On the screen, a giant alien creature emerges from the train. A siren sounds all around the town. People are evacuating due to a wildfire nearby that may reach the town's chemical plant. Joe and Charles join the evacuation, led by the military. As caravans exit the town, carrying the residents, large red trucks drive into the town. The residents are taken to the Greenville Air Force Base, serving as the evacuation center. Charles reunites with his family, but Joe can't find his father. Instead, he finds the frightened Louis, telling him that something took Alice, but no one else believes him. Joe plans to rescue Alice despite his friends' insistence that it's dangerous. They convince the camera shop worker, Donny, to drive them back to town. Meanwhile, Jack is kept in isolation. He subdues a soldier and takes his uniform to infiltrate the camp. He blows up a truck for diversion and takes one of the military jeeps to escape. His jeep passes by Donny's car, where the boys deduce that Woodward hid files about the alien in the trailer behind the school where he keeps confiscated items. The night falls as the friends head to the school and break into Woodward's trailer. They head to the biology room, where they play the films and read the documents from his trailer. Cary finds a cassette tape where Woodward describes a subterranean creature that wants to rebuild its ship, made out of the shape-shifting cubes. It's been trying to return home since 1958 but has been held captive and experimented on by Nelec. Its experiences on Earth taught it to see humankind as the enemy, but the creature made contact with Woodward, allowing him to understand it. Woodward attempted to free the creature but was discharged from the project for doing so. His crash on the train was his last attempt to free it. Suddenly, soldiers barge in and take the boys into custody. Nelec confiscates Cary's explosives and Joe's mother's necklace before sending them back to the evacuation center. When he spots the kids being taken into the military bus, Donny attempts to call for police backup. Jack finds Deputy Rosko at the evacuation center, informing him how the Air Force caused the fire to evacuate the town. Rosko interrupts him to report Joe and his friends being taken from the school by military personnel. Jack confronts Preston, the only one who stayed behind. Upon Joe's instructions, Preston diverts his attention to Charles' film to prove the alien's existence. Meanwhile, the boys sit at the back of the bus, wondering what the military will do to them. Something crashes against the bus, throwing it to the side until the vehicle stops. They watch the soldiers take tracking guns to tag the alien. At Nelec's command, a soldier slowly steps out but is ambushed by the alien. The creature flips the bus to its side, disabling the soldiers. The boys frantically search for a way out until Joe spots a broken window to climb through. Joe climbs out, seeing the creature up close as it digs through the bus. The boys escape the scene, leaving Nelec cornered by the alien. Out of bullets, Nelec drops his gun and remembers Woodward's dying words before the alien bites him. With the alien gone, Joe retrieves his necklace while Cary gets his explosives back. Donny arrives, confessing that he's stoned, and allows Joe to drive instead. The road is blocked by tanks that fire into the darkness. With the car trapped and Donny unconscious, the boys leave him behind. They run through the war zone, dodging explosions, bullets, and armed men. They hide in a neighbor's house, but an explosion knocks them out. With Martin's leg injured, Joe insists Charles stay with him while Joe and Cary head for the cemetery. Joe and Cary reach the cemetery and break down the garage door nearby, seeing a deep pit inside. Meanwhile, Jack takes Louis out of the evacuation center to help find their children. While driving, Louis says that he came to Elizabeth's funeral to apologize for what happened. Jack stares down the road quietly but finally admits that Elizabeth's death was an accident. Back at the cemetery, Cary and Joe use sparkles to climb down the hole and search for Alice. They follow the sound of buzzing and find a cave filled with the stolen electronics and missing people. Based on the tunnel systems they walked through, Joe deduces that they're under the water tower. The alien arrives, taking one of the captives with it. Finding Alice among the captives, Joe goes to her while Cary prepares firecrackers to distract the alien. The firecrackers erupt, diverting the alien's attention away. Joe slaps her awake, telling her that Louis was worried about her. Alice hugs Joe, relieved to be rescued. They wake up others as Alice explains, reading the alien's thoughts when she was captured, confirming that it just wants to go home. Sheriff Pruitt leads them out of the tunnel system, but the alien captures him. The others run away but reach a dead-end, cornered by the alien. Mustering up courage, Joe confronts the alien, telling it to go home. The alien picks him up but doesn't hurt him. Instead, it listens to Joe's encouragement, saying that it can still live and return home despite everything it experienced. Something inside the tunnel powers on, alerting the alien. It sets Joe down and leaves. Back in the town, metal objects are magnetized into the water tower, including cars, guns, and the rest of the white cubes from the train. The items circle the water tower, forming the alien's spaceship. Louis and Jack arrive and reunite with their children; any anger is overpowered by their relief that Joe and Alice are okay. The people watch the alien head inside the spaceship and start it. Elizabeth's necklace flies off from Joe's pocket. He grabs it in midair and stares at his mother's photo from the locket. With his father by his side, Joe decides to let go of his mother, allowing the necklace to join the spacecraft as it takes off. The ship launches into the night as Alice and Joe hold hands, watching the alien finally free to return home. 