Aaron Sorkin's latest film, Molly's game, tells the autobiographical tale of Molly bloom, the so called poker princess that run underground poker tournaments, attracting all types of individuals, from Hollywood's rich and famous to the Russian mob. unsurprisingly, the movie sticks very close to reality, and Sorkin even went so far as consulting bloom throughout the screenwriting process. one of the most intriguing aspects of the film is the identity of player X. while it's never specifically named in the film, there are several possibilities as to who it could be. on the surface, player acts as a high-profile Hollywood actor who does his best to derail Molly's game and shuns her for not acting upon his sexual advances. one of the boldest, most infuriating villains of the air, a babyface, young movie star who belittles Jessica Chastain's and hero Molly bloom at every turn. he takes pride in destroying lives and eventually put an end to blooms high-stake poker enterprise, forcing her to up sticks and regroup on the other side of the country, whilst within Molly's book, actors such as Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are heavily mentioned. many have taken the inspiration behind the antagonist to be Tobey Maguire. in her memoir, McGuire's name comes up a lot, and not always in the nicest way. he was an avid player and responsible for bringing certain players to the table, originally run by Molly's former boss, nicknamed Dean Keith. the movie also implies that player X had a lot of the power and brought heavy hitters in, and that when Molly takes over the game, is his approval that she needs to successfully pull off the coup. in Molly's book, she claims that McGuire was integral to the setting up of her table and even lent her his own personal card shuffling machine to speed up hands. this DL wasn't included in the movie, or the fact that he allegedly asked her to bark like a seal in order to get a thousand-dollar chip. Maguire was even nicknamed Hannibal Lecter by Molly due to his persona at the table. the film also showcases that Molly's game was stolen by player X, something the real Molly accused Maguire of on the page. Blum claims that the actors started getting upset about the money she was making from tips, so ended up telling his celeb pals to host their game instead. in the film, player X steals her game. he calls him out for running another player at her table and potentially ruining its integrity. you're so [ __ ], he tells her over the phone while she's on her way to an empty hotel room that should have hosted her weekly game. Aaron Sorkin says that player axes inches one person. he is an amalgamation of several celebrities who Molly wrote about. however, there seems to be another nod to it being Toby. one of the insults Molly directs her player X is calling him a green-screen [ __ ]. and we all know how much McGuire was familiar with this when he played spider-man. Maguire has yet to comment publicly about Molly's game. thanks very much for taking the time to check out my video on Molly's game. I thought the film was really well acted and directed, and definitely recommend that you go and check it out at the cinema. if you've already seen it, let me know what you thought of the film, and also who you think player s is based on. you can check out more of my film theories at definition car at UK, which is linked in the description. and make sure you subscribe my channel to check out all of my popular culture analysis. thanks again. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 