[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a supernatural horror film, midsummer spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. danny's bipolar sister sent her a cryptic goodbye email and didn't answer her phone. danny feels very worried about that, so she calls her boyfriend, handsome, thinking that he may offer some comfort. but he seems indifferent and doesn't want to listen to her talking about her shitty sister. actually, handsome originally wanted to break up with danny a year ago. he has been avoiding her since then, and plans to end the relationship officially before traveling to the hometown of his swedish friend pele. however, he doesn't plan to tell her about the trip. one day, when handsome hangs out with his handsome friends, danny calls him and wails over the phone. he goes find her and learns that her sister killed their parents and herself. she is orphaned overnight and falls into great despair and grief. without any choice, hanson has to accompany her. and when danny asks him about the trip to sweden, after learning of it by accident, he invites her to join them. because he doesn't want to hurt her right at that time, the bunch of friends fly to sweden and plan to stay there in two weeks. one day, danny chats with the other three guys, but they are not friendly towards her, except pele, who tells her he is happy to see her join the trip. he voluntarily talks to her about his hometown festival that happens once every 90 years, the midsummer celebration, which is the main purpose of the trip. meanwhile, he consoles her over the loss of her family and says he understands her pain because he also lost his parents when he's little, which, however, reminds her of her dead family. then he breaks down and cries in the bathroom. when they drive to the forest, heli's brother has just arrived there too. both of them grew up together in this place. the brother brings his friends, our british couple, to attend the festival. walking through the forest, they finally get to the remote idyllic commune. they see the villagers there seem to live a utopian life. following some soft music, the villagers, all in white clothes, walk to a stone stage. on the stage, a female elder ignites two torches and passes them to an elderly couple beside her. then she recites a spell. after that she announces the nine-day festival begins. during the following dancing, a village girl playfully kicks handsome he is happy and joins the dance with a horny girl, while disregarding danny's feelings and totally forgetting her birthday that day. but she is surprised to receive a drawing of her from pele as a birthday gift. pelle shows them the place where they sleep, which is like a sacred temple with many paintings on the walls and the ceiling. and it is also the sleeping quarters for those villagers under the age of 36. pele tells them. villagers here divide their lives into four seasons. the ones aged under 18 are in their spring. summer lasts from age 18 to 36, in which they go on a pilgrimage. fall spreads from age 36 to 54, while winter covers those at the age of 54 to 71. and it is when they leave the village's elders when dany asks what'll happen to the ones who turn 72 years old, pele makes a cutthroat gesture, which, however, is just treated as a joke by danny. suddenly, danny is attracted by the young girls photos on the wall. pele explains they are all the previous may queens who win the maypole dancing competition. then pele asks his friends to take a good rest because they are supposed to attend a grand ceremony tomorrow. the next day, while the villagers stand by the dining table, the elderly couple slowly walk out of a golden pyramid-shaped temple and come to them. the elderly couple are given a toast, then they are escorted to a cliff. with their hands cut and blood smeared on a stone tablet, the elderly couple throw themselves off the cliff. the wife jumps to her death immediately, while the husband survives the fall with one leg shattered, but gets killed by the executioner who strikes him in the head with a large mallet. danny and her friends are shocked to see that and can't believe the villagers are doing such crazy things. the british couple freak out and attempt to leave, but the female elder stops them, explaining that it is just an old tradition of their commune to complete the life circle, an offering of the old lives in exchange for new ones. after the ceremony, danny tells hansen that she is leaving, but he doesn't speak a word and leaves her crying alone. actually, handsome is kind of excited because he finds an interesting subject for his thesis now, which is about the commune's traditional practice and culture. so he plans to stay to continue studying the local customs. however, the friend nerd, is not happy to hear about that, because he is the first to pick the same subject, and has even asked for the elder's permission to write about that topic. knowing that danny is leaving, pele tries to persuade her to stay. he tells her that this commune raised him after his parents died young. so here is his home. danny can regard here as her home as well. dennis is touched because handsome doesn't seem to be the one she can turn to. she is lonely after the loss of her parents and eager for a reliable home. that night, nerd is puzzled to see the horny village. girl sneaks inside and hides a stone under hansen's bed. the next day, he asked pele what the stone is for. pele says it is a love room that is used to cast a love spell. suddenly, they hear a villager scolding the pp guy who pees on their sacred tree. then pele immediately gets the pp guy out there. danny sees the british girl come back to pack her stuff as well. an elder tries to make the girl stay, telling that her boyfriend has gone to the train station for something, and he will come back soon to collect her. hearing that, the girl is angry and leaves for she thinks her boyfriend wouldn't leave her behind. while hansen starts his academic research, nerd does his, too, and feels very excited to learn about the village's sacred text from an elder. in the evening, danny finds the british girl doesn't appear for dinner. she finds it weird and tells handsome about that. but a villager explains the girl has been taken to the train station. handsome finds some disgusting, curly hair in his pie and his drink is pinker than others, but he ignores and still takes it. suddenly, a village girl asks the pee pee guy to leave with her, telling him she's gonna show him something. at night when everyone sleeps. nerd sneaks into the temple and want to take a photo of the sacred text, but he is knocked unconscious by someone wearing a mask of the pp guy's face. the next day, danny and handsome find nerd and the pp guy are all missing. but handsome still doesn't care too much. during the breakfast, an elder tells people their sacred text has gone missing, but they will not blame it if the text is given back. handsome later swears to the elder that he has nothing to do with it, and if his friends ever did that, he won't want to be friends with them anymore. the elder smiles and asks him to visit the female elders. at the same time, danny is invited to take part in maypole dancing competition. after taking some mysterious drink, danny is made to dance with the local girls, but she doesn't know what that ritual exactly means to her. on the other side, hansen meets the female elder, and is told that he's permitted to mate with the horny girl who kicked him. and the decision is supported by the astrologer as well. at the same time, she acknowledges the disgusting curly hair in the pie belongs to the girls down. handsome goes back to find danny in the competition. dennis is happy, for she has squeezed into the top eight. there. hansem is also offered a mysterious drink. at last, danny wins the competition and becomes the may queen. the crowd takes her to a throne, hailing in passion. while sitting on the throne, she finds it weird for she can even manipulate the plants to move slowly. during the feast, horny girl suddenly walks away and seductively stares at handsome. dany notices handsome is shivering. but an elder announces she needs to go to bless the harvest and animals. so she is taken away by the villagers in the field. danny follows the local girls and bury some eggs, raw meat and seeds in the ground. then she holds a torch with another girl and sings the strange song. meanwhile, a local girl lays out flower petals to create a path, from which handsome is led away to a barn where the horny village girl is waiting for his hormones while being surrounded and peeped by a group of naked local old women. ansem begins his fantastic, but lightning fast hormone game with the girl. right then danny hears the singing from the barn. she peers through the door and sees what happens. right there, she breaks down and cries hysterically. much to her shock and confusion, the local girls gather around her and mimic her pain, crying and screaming. two minutes later, when handsome is finished, he comes to his senses and runs away naked. but suddenly he's terrified to notice one of nerd's legs buried in the garden. in panic, he hides into a chicken coop where he finds the missing british guy, who's been turned into a blood eagle with flowers covering his eyes. what's more, the guy is seemingly breathing. handsome is scared and wanna flee, but gets paralyzed by a powder blown onto his face, making him unable to speak or move. in the final ritual, while the may queen, danny, stands in despair, the elder announces that pele's spared from being sacrificed. he is given the highest honors because he brings new sacrifices to the community. as the last sacrifice, handsome is sewn alive into a bare skin and brought to the golden pyramid-shaped temple with other sacrifices in certain poses. in horror, though he can't even move a finger, but only to see the temple be set on fire and burn to ash, while the villagers watch the burning and mimic the sacrifice's pain, crying and screaming like lunatics. in her heavy flower dress, danny is worshipped by the villagers as the may queen. driven by the spell, she shows her creepy smile. suddenly, this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 