hello movie lovers. i'm john from fast films, and today we're going to discuss a 2010 american slasher film called hatchet 2. the story continues from the end of part 1, where mary beth ended up in the clutches of crowley. mary beth presses hard into crowley's eye. he loosens his grip on her as pain takes over his mind, as he drops her into the water, wailing in pain. mary beth hastily swims away. a while later, jack cracker finds her in the water and takes her back to his cabin. he promises to take her home, but after learning she's the child of samson dunstan, he tells mary beth to leave his house immediately. he says crowley leaves him b since he keeps to his business, but by helping her, he doesn't want to get in trouble. mary beth asks the reason behind this, but cracker doesn't tell her, saying, if she wants answers, she should go to the reverend zombie. he then threatens her with a gun and kicks her out. after she leaves, cracker starts viewing shapiro's camcorder, which he found in the swamp. the footage shows shapiro filming different topless women, including misty and jenna. soon crowley enters cracker's house and tears into the flesh of his abdomen, ripping out his innard. cracker attempts to escape, but crowley pulls him back with the intestine and finishes him off by strangling him with it. mary beth reaches the voodoo shop of the reverend zombie and asks to speak with him. he tells her to come back later, but when mary beth says it's urgent, he agrees to talk. once she's inside the shop, mary beth tells him that everyone died in the honey island swamp. zombie asks her if she went on the tour, which she confirms, and asks how he knew. when he asks her what happened, she tells him that the boat got stuck and crowley massacred everyone. zombie expresses dismay at the passing of sean, the boat driver, and explains that he used to work for him. it is revealed that zombie had sent the illegal tour to honey island swamp. mary beth tells him her father's name and what cracker had said. she asks him how her father is related to crowley. zombie explains that years ago, thomas crowley's wife, cheyenne, got sick with cancer. thomas hired a nurse, lena, as her caretaker. in the slow months leading to cheyenne's death, lena and thomas got closer. one day, when cheyenne finally found release from the agony of her life, thomas stood in front of her body, clenching lena's hand. the two kissed, but when they pulled away, there she stood. cheyenne, enraged and infuriated, she cursed the child lena was carrying in her womb and fell dead immediately after. the day victor crowley was born, the whole swamp seemed to be mourning. even the wildlife became sickly and died. victor was born with grotesque tumors and disease. unable to handle the disfigurement of her baby, lena died the moment she lay eyes on him. thomas spent the rest of his life in hiding with his child, holding him as the only thing dear left in the world to him. the night when the children set the crowley's house alight, thomas tried to save his son, but instead ended up killing him with his own hands. overtaken by grief and sorrow, thomas went to the children's houses, but they hid behind their parents and denied everything. samson dunstan, he says, was one of the children who caused victor's death. that's why crowley wouldn't spare mary beth or anyone who helped her. mary beth gets enraged and confronts zombie for sending a tour to the swamp despite knowing about the vicious killer roaming the swamp. zombie tells her that the boat wasn't supposed to stop. had it not, this tragic event would have been avoided. mary beth tells him to take her back there so she can bring the bodies of her father and brother back for a proper burial. if he refuses, she says she'll tell the police about his illegal business. zombie tells her that he'll take her back to the swamp, but they need more people, as safety is in numbers. he further tells her that he'll only do this if her uncle comes with her. mary beth initially refuses to bring him along, but when zombie insists, she agrees. after mary beth leaves. zombie calls his helper, and sean's brother justin. he tells him that they'll have to go to the swamp to look for his brother in their boat. he further tells him to gather people with guns to accompany them on the mission trent. he says, must accompany them at all costs. mary beth later meets with her uncle bob and tells him what happened at the swamp. when she tells him about zombie, bob reveals zombie's real name as clyde and tells her to stay away from him. mary beth explains that the legend of victor crowley is real, and she has to go back with clive to retrieve her family's bodies. but bob forbids her from going back in there and tells her to go with him to the doctor. mary beth tries to change bob's mind, but he insists on taking her to the hospital. mary beth then requests him to give her some time. she'll go wherever he wants to take her. in a few hours, she says, bob melts and tells her he'll come back for her in an hour. next mary beth is seen sitting amongst the people gathered by justin for the swamp mission. they sit in the voodoo shop awaiting zombie. more people pour in, who are greeted by justin trent. a tough-looking old man also joins them, followed by a girl named avery. justin tries his luck on her, but she ignores him completely and scans the room before walking to a guy named layton. she acts surprised upon seeing him and takes the seat beside him. leighton seems irritated and tells her that he's getting married soon. this hints that the two had a history together. once they've all gathered, clive steps out and tells them he's lost a boat in the swamp since going there's illegal. he says he'll give anyone who accompanies him five hundred dollars. he further tells them that because of the legend, tours there have been prohibited, which has crippled his business. they need to go on a hunt in the swamps and prove that it's safe. a man in the audience asks what they're hunting, to which clive replies, victor crowley. people immediately start leaving the shop. clive tries to stop them and says that crowley is not real. but they don't stop. as tren heads out, clive stops him and tells him he needs him. trent remarks, clive knows his history. he says he doesn't want any more trouble. but clive offers him more money and reminds him how badly he needs it. thus trent agrees to come along. bob then appears at the voodoo shop and looks over at marybeth. clive realizes he must be her uncle. he greets him, but bob ignores him and takes a seat beside mary beth. mary beth starts to apologize, but bob comforts her. he says, if she needs to do this to find peace, he'll help her. however, he says they'll immediately return after gathering the bodies. mary beth nods and thanks him. clive then addresses the few people now left in the shop. he offers them 500 for accompanying him on the mission. but for victor crowley's head, he says he'll give five grand. the boats are then loaded and taken to the swamp. in the boat, mary beth tells clyde that though victor crowley is said to be a ghost. he feels pain as she heard him the previous night. clive says, victor is a repeater. no matter how many times you hurt him, he'll come back. if you decapitate him, though, he says that might finish him for good. as the sun is setting, the boats are docked, and they all get off to look for the house where the bodies of the deceased are meant to be. night soon falls, but the house is not found. while walking, avery remarks that the place is strange. not even birds can be seen there. leyden however, assures her that she's only feeling it because of the rumors behind them. john, chad and vernon are walking. chad and vernon are joking around. john, however, keeps to himself. after long hours of hopelessly wandering the swamp, trent gets frustrated and asks how long it will take. but mary beth still couldn't figure out which way the house was supposed to be. they decide to split up into groups to cover more ground so that they can find the house. clive, marybeth, bob trent and justin form one group and start searching, while vernon chad, cletus, john leighton and avery are left as the second group, repelled by the disgusting boys. avery tells leighton that she wants to go somewhere else. seeing her discomfort, leighton agrees to take her elsewhere. cletus remarks he's going to the boats to catch a gator. chad tags along with him, just so he can stay close to the boat and so that he's not left behind while cletus and chad are hunting alligators near the boats. chad remarks, 5k is a pretty huge amount for a man's head. cletus tells him that the legend is false. the only reason they were offered such an insane amount is that there is no victor crowley. after a bit more chit chat and a few more gunshots, they hear some strange noises from the bushes behind and turn towards them. thinking it's probably vernon playing a prank on them. they try to call out to him, but get no response. a moment later, crowley leaps at them from behind the bushes. cletus escapes, but victor manages to tackle chad to the ground. he then kills him by repeatedly hitting him in the face with the end of a hatchet. while mary beth's group is wandering around. justin asks clive his actual purpose for bringing all the men down to the swamps. clive tells him that if crowley is still out there, he knows how to put an end to him. he then points at tren and bob and tells justin that those were the two who lit crowley's house alight with dunstan all those years ago. if crowley has his revenge, he will leave the swamp, and clive can safely bring tours here. again, justin remarks, clive brought them all out here to murder them, but clive tells him that they all came out of their own free will. justin asks clive if his brother is really alive, to which clive says he must be. he tells him everything will be fine and urges him to continue the search. after escaping crowley, cletus gets on the boat and tries to leave, but the boat does not start. throwing nervous glances behind him, cletus then tries to manually start the propeller. he shouts in triumph as it starts, and looks back to make sure he isn't being tailed. he then looks back to see the vicious killer standing in front of him. he pulls cletus down into the water and kills him by forcing his face into the boat's propeller. leighton and avery sit under a tree together. after a brief conversation, leighton asks avery if she remembers that he once said he didn't take the test for a driver's license in high school because he was sick. when avery says she remembers, leighton reveals he had lied that day. he did take the test, but failed. avery reveals that she knew all along, since her relative worked at the dmv, and she told her everything. leighton asks why she didn't confront him then, to which she replied, she had a crush on him, and she didn't want him to feel bad. avery then leans in and kisses leighton. after a moment, leighton pulls away and says, this isn't right. to push him a bit more, avery removes her top. layton's wall of defense crumbles, and he gives in to her. mary beth finally finds the shed in which the bodies of her father and brother were kept. but to her utter dismay, the bodies are not there anymore. mary beth breaks down after this. bob tries to comfort her and tells her this must probably be a different shed. but mary beth seems to be sure that she saw the bodies there. she comes to the conclusion that crowley must have taken them inside the house and makes her way into it. justin says they must stop her from going towards danger. but clive forbids him and tells him to let them go. while leighton and avery are busy having a romp in the woods, crowley approaches them from behind and decapitates leighton with his hatchet. avery notices that he stopped moving, and looks back at him to see his decapitated body. she screams and crawls ahead. crowley approaches her from behind and strikes her with the hatchet. he then hits her right on the chest with it, thus finishing her off. mary beth roams crowley's house desperately, looking for the bodies. bob tries to convince her to leave, but she begs for some more time. justin and trent also try to make clive leave, but he refuses. just then crowley's snarls are heard from a distance. they all panic and lock the door. bob approaches clive and tells him this is all his fault. clive hints that it's actually bob's fault, but bob seems to be baffled, seemingly unaware of what clive means. john and vernon are also alerted by the snarl, and they try to locate its cause. after seeing some plants move, vernon calls out to whoever's hiding in there. after finding no response, john shoots a bullet into the moving plants. mary beth and the group hear the gunshot and wonder if the others might have gotten crowley, justin, tries to leave, saying he needs to find his brother, but mary beth stops him. she then tells him the truth about his brother's death, further adding that clive knew the truth. justin, lashes out at clive for lying to him. but clive tells him he wasn't sure if sean had actually died. as vernon and john stand with their guns aimed at the bushes, the sound of a chainsaw starting is heard. soon after, the end of a chainsaw emerges from the plants, followed by the disfigured killer. the two shoot numerous bullets into him, but crowley keeps advancing towards them. vernon hides behind john, but crowley puts the chainsaw between their legs and splits both of them into halves. while a panic justin is pressed up against the wall, cussing in fear and helplessness. clive approaches him and grabs him by the collar. he tells him that if crowley has his revenge on the two, he'll find his peace and they all will be free. trent remarks that the door can be the only way to come in. bob says he'll check if there are any other entrances. but before leaving to check, he tells mary beth to hide. mary beth protests, but bob sternley tells her to hide. justin then pulls her away to hide her. while they're both hiding, mary beth tells justin she's sorry about his brother. justin asks why she didn't tell him about this earlier. mary beth says she thought clive would have told him. she then asks what clive was telling him in secrecy. justin tells her clive's plan and how he brought trent and bob to be murdered by crowley to free the swamp from him. mary beth panics and immediately rushes out to alert bob, leaving justin behind. justin senses a presence and blocks the door with a chair before hiding inside a closet. he turns on his flashlight and starts looking around. to his horror, crowley is revealed to be standing right behind him. justin attempts to run, but crowley throws his hatchet at him, burying it in his back. just as mary beth approaches bob, they hear justin's whales and realize that crowley's in the house. crowley finishes just enough by wearing half his head away with a belt. sander. bob, in an attempt to save justin, accidentally releases victor. mary beth attempts to attack him, but is tossed against the wall. trent shoots at victor, who then comes after him, taking him into the kitchen. despite victor's strength, trent uses the nearby surroundings to his advantage and manages to get a few hits on victor. while the two are fighting, clive pulls a protesting mary beth out of the house and locks an injured bob inside with victor. victor soon overpowers trent and kills him by severing the top half of his head by kicking it against a table. clive restrains mary beth while she screams as she hears bob being murdered by victor inside. she falls to the ground in tears, and clive declares it's over, claiming crowley is dead. mary beth tells clyde that she will report his crimes to the police, but clive responds by preparing to shoot her. only now does mary beth reveal that bob was not her real uncle. her father's brother had died of leukemia a long time ago. bob was her father's best friend. clive turns to see victor breaking through the wall of the cabin. now realizing his plan to kill him has failed, clive advances towards victor and attempts to choke him, but victor kills him by severing him in half before ripping out his severed spine, effectively skinning him alive. just after victor discards clive's skinned upper body, mary beth strikes him in the forehead with his hatchet, knocking him to the ground. she then hysterically beats his head into a bloody pulp. she eventually stops and walks off. victor's hand twitches. mary beth returns with clive's shotgun and blows victor's head off. with this, the movie ends. thank you for watching. 