a lot of people around this thing are dead. a lot of people gone. people do they miss? most people a vanilla go. hey guys. Ryan and Greg here breaking down another episode of true detective, season 3. what episode are we're on five, I believe. Wow. five? yes. now, again, spoilers ahead. so if you haven't watched this episode yet, get out of here. what are you doing here? go watch it and then come on back. also, subscribe to the channel, because we have breakdowns for every single episode, and we're gonna be here the entire season long. all right, let's do this. now. episode 5 is titled if you have ghosts. it's the second episode. and Nick, that's a lot of himself directed. he also directed episode 4. she has two this season. if you have ghosts, you might sound familiar if you're into psychedelic rock. rocky Erickson, a singer-songwriter. back in the day, he wrote a song that was called if you have ghosts [Music]. now, much like most of Erikson's music, this one deals with loneliness around surrounding the paranoid, schizophrenic. the lyrics are all over the place, and it feels pretty on the nose. yeah. for a guy we may know from this season. Wayne, yeah, I have a feeling that's what they were going with this song. you can imagine how isolating the feelings that Wayne is going through at this moment when his memory is failing him, and he doesn't know what is real, what's what's true anymore, and he's missing moments that literally happened in his life. it's getting more intense, and now he's seeing, like, real hallucinations in his day to day in 2015. yes. now, as you and I talked about last episode, those ghosts probably refer to people that, you know, he killed throughout his life, and they're coming back to haunt him, as we've seen in these 2015 storyline. so there's really no escaping what is going through Wayne's mind at the moment. no, he's in his own prison, and he's running around. there's nothing. it's getting worse and worse as we get through each and every episode, as we go down the line here. now, for all my castle rock fans out there, this may seem very familiar, this style they're trying to go through with his ghost popping up and random times. a certain episode from the first season, which is, I think, one of the best episodes ever, if you haven't seen it yet, go out there. I'm no spoilers though. I'm just gonna leave it there. now, this whole conversation of ghosts also made me think back to season one of true detective, specifically, episode one. there's a moment when Russ Cole and Marty, they're like, talking in the car, and and and rust looks out the window, and he sees a small girl waving at him. and and then he he asks, you know, do you believe in ghosts? you believe in ghosts? what we say about shine on reflection. now, we don't know who actually saw the girl. she's there, she's real, if she's just an aberration in his mind, or if it's just truly a girl that he's looked over and saw on the side of the road. but the idea of ghosts, of these, you know, the kids being abducted and no longer with with the community, and the kintyre community is kind of completely destroyed over over the absence and the void of these children. and no matter what they do, there's never getting that back. no, never. all right. so we start up in 1990. what's going on? a 1990 detectives are looking up everything again. they're going back to the case. they got everything on the board. and one of the things we noticed right off the top is Lucy Purcell, she is dead, right? and now, when we talked about the Sharon Stone thing, it looks like that's what happened. she's like, she's got the whole over, bad overdose. we'll get back to that later. but skeptical. I'm a little skeptical. it's just so obvious she did it herself, or it looks very staged. we've seen this in numerous TV and film yes, you know, someone could have definitely got to her and made it look like she killed herself, yes. but at the same time, that shot was there, which I thought first to tell the audience, hmm, something's up. but it looks like that shot may just be there because Tom shows up a few seconds later. now, we also found out that Dan O'Brien was in Vegas in 87. Lucy died in 88. so they had a little getting together, break them in there. yeah. we don't explicitly know that there was overlap, but anyway, had to scene. they had each other out there in Vegas. so there is a weird connection between those two that we kind of saw. we thought, this was definitely a possibility from before. now his body ends up miles away, plus other Mississippi, something happened in Vegas. and all we all, we know that his remains were found. I mean, it looks like it was burned or buried or dumped into the countryside. so we don't know how, you know, he was killed. and it's very suspicious though, that may be the same person might have done this. theory, what if someone's trying to clean up everything that happened, and there's some loose ends here, and Dan and Lucy may be two of those loose ends that they got to clean up. yeah, you remember, remember Lucy was kind of, um, you know, she was breaking down last episode in, hmm. you know, if she did know some details on what happened, she might not be able to keep her mouth shut. and someone that really want to cover this up needs to kind of, you know, tie up those loose ends and make sure that she doesn't speak. okay, let's go back to Tom. he walks in on the scene. he sees everything on the board. he sees who may be his daughter. yeah, and but the thing is, about that whole scene, we talked about this before, is, do you think Wayne went too far showing Tom the photo. he's kind of like breaking ranks, right? he's not like kind of doing everything by the book. I it seems to me that Wayne has like one priority, in one priority. he's only back take care of this, only to take care of this case. you want to find the truth. and that means he'll break any rule needs that needs to be broken. mm-hm. and he's not gonna play it by the book at all. even even Rowling is like, you know, what the hell are you doing then? yeah, you're gonna upset, you're gonna upset Tom Purcell. and we shouldn't be sharing these details. this is stuff that they want to kind of keep close to the vest. but, but he's just like, screw this. I need to get all the information I can. this has been boiled up in him from the last ten years. yeah. he hasn't done anything ever since then. he's just been a desk job the entire time. and now he's got a chance to go back and look up everything that happened. and we're seeing Wayne in this timeline, the 90s. he's a very different Wayne who resents everything. he he feels betrayed by the police. he feels betrayed by even Woodard, we're gonna get to that a little later. if those betrayed by the personal family? yeah, everyone. and the amazing thing is how Holly plays this. I mean, even when he's not speaking, without even dialogue, and it's how he stands there. yeah, like it exhumed that his mannerisms, and maybe wants to just, he's like, you when I scream? yeah. he's like, all this pent-up aggression, and just he's just pissed off of how it all went down, you know, ten years before. kind of like a Sidney Poitier in heat of the night kind of vibe we're getting here. I love it. all right. let's get back to Woodard. now, we had the big shootout. we actually got it. now we finally, season three had its big shootout. I am assuming this is it. what do you think of it? I thought it was okay. I was a, you know, I thought it could have been bigger. we've waited a long time for action to hatas for stuff to go down. this season, it felt like a like a background thing. yeah, I think it a little bit, a little bit for you guys too, for us to check out and see, like, hey, wake up the you know, there's some crazy [ __ ] going on. oh, here it is. yeah, it's one of those, you know, one of the, one of my favorite shootouts that I've seen this year was in Jeremy song hae's hold the dark on Netflix. and there's a crazy shootout in like, a small town. and is, this was like a mini version of that. this wasn't even close to that. if you've seen that shootout, like, I highly recommend. it was just, like, extremely brutal, but also very well well directed. this one. you can sense, you know, Woodard and all of what he's going through, and how pissed off he is at the community and let down and and betrayed by, you know, fellow Patriots. and, and he was just time to get back, you know. and he wasn't gonna take any prisoners. what do you think about the exchange between him and Wayne the that? yeah, I mean, he basically said, like, I had a chance to take you out, but I just kind of gave you a, you know, a little warning. yeah. he tells him, like, straight up, you're gonna put this on me. I love the whole scene. and, yeah, well, that's, I'm gonna count to three in my head. so at that point he could have just shot him in both kneecap. but you never know, he's a, he's a soldier, right? any point he can turn on him. so Woodard did not want it all work out. yeah, there was nothing he could've did there. you won't put this on me. nobody made you take the job. my foot. one in your knee, they'll kill you. I'll count to three in my head. I'm gonna hit three. who'd give you a full burst? now, also, during the shootout, we see rollin, takes one to the leg, BAM. and, yeah, so that's where that, that's the reason why the limp was in the later time lines. we were wondering why, you know, what had happened. and basically, yeah, he takes a bad shot to the leg. the exchange there's pretty funny, like he's not trying, you know, he's not, I'm gonna stay right here. I'm not even moving it you think I'm gonna go. now, this obviously also confirms that one of those hallucinations, those ghosts at Wayne saw in 2015 was, in fact, Brett Woodard. it was, it was, he's hit. hard to see. and that, first of all, viewing. but now you know that this is one of the many people, handful of people, that that Wayne has unfortunately had to kill. and he's still handsome in 2015. he he resents that he had to even do that, yes, carrying his water. okay, we can confirm now that Woodard was the guy they wrongly convicted in the eighties. yeah. and his kids are trying to get his name cleared. um, they were just looking for a quick scapegoat. they were looking for, and we find out later that there was some, some reason for that, but they, you know, they were looking for someone to pin this case on. he shot cops. he killed the cop. yep. not saying he's not the innocent, but like he does, doesn't mean that he killed. it's one of those things that I can now two birds with one stone, right? you can being a lawyer. yeah, I don't know, this is out of mind. my press is the only language he understands. you're telling me you didn't enjoy that look on his face. it's not about you or your old boss, because he did that. man trying to get his daughter back. question, they say later on that a lot of people died here, and this whole thing. and I keep looking at the defense attorney for the case, I guess, for the Woodard kids, Allen Jones, I keep thinking, is he, is he gonna make it? and I feel like this is somebody who's poking a bear a little too hard here. they don't want him to be speaking it. yeah, I don't think so. still in the nineties here, and we're checking back in on now. Freddie burns, it looks like ten years later, the last time they saw him was during the interrogation. and he has not let that, let that go. okay? I know definitely affected him in his day to day life. it was traumatizing, to say the least. yes, they told, they told the child that you're gonna two police officers, I'm in a room, told them they're gonna be raped in prison, right? that's gonna have some effects on you years later. all right. no matter what you think there's something you can do to me, you might want to take another look at my life. hold on now, mr. burns, I understand your hard feelings. again, Hayes seems to be oblivious to all of this, right? he's just wants to find the girl. in one mode, he's in one mode. and you're just looking at it's like, uncomfortable to watch him lean going. but he ruined this kid's life. yeah, there's, there's no, there's nothing about that you can go like, hey, you got to do what you gotta do. he ruined this child's life totally. and I thought the exchange that Freddie burns and him had, you know, about when Wayne said, hey, you know, you were bullying little kids. and he's like, well, I was a teenager. what's your Excuse? things might be what they are because you had attacked by bullying somebody weaker than you. hmm. and you don't I was a teenager in me. what's your Excuse? Freddie does have a point though, you know, like, he was a young kid at the time, messing around with even younger kids. it happens to all of us with Liam bullies in school. but Wayne is, literally was doing that to everybody because he was in a position of power and he could do that. so Freddie, kudos a Freddy for speaking up. we also learned during the whole sequence that Freddy does still remember certain details to the case. he said, remember that day? yeah. he remembers that will was looking for his sister, and that they were looking for her. we don't know who the day is, but it was, it sounds like the people that she was meeting in the in the forest for however many years, other kids, or whoever the perps are. well, see next up. Wayne and Rowland are interviewing this, excuse a, a drifter. yes, he says he's has information on her, but there's a reward out there. keep this in mind. let's keep the motive in mind, that motive involved in mine. because he says a lot of things here that could obviously be pulled from stuff you just hear about the case itself. so there are little things here that kind of put holes in this theory. but he does say, hey, I saw her. I saw the girl here, and she's a little off. yes? nobody calls herself Mary July? yes, some she's not a drug user, but she, she's been there for quite some time, in and out of his life, come, they come across each other. and she was always looking for something, which he says, obviously a lot of people in the situation, and we're looking for running away from. but she was looking for her brother, still. mm-hmm. again. could i I get the pit of my stomach, I feel like this isn't Julie. I just feel like the way that they're trying to hunt her down, the the way the Wayne's really gung-ho about this, I feel like this is setting up a moment where he finds the girl, turns her around, you get that moment, and it's, it's not her. it's someone else who's suffering right now. and, but we'll see. I just, I just don't think it's her. yes, she also mentioned that it she would they, she called herself a secret princess. all the things from that you have the drawings, all these, yeah, it was like, it was almost like someone that didn't fully, like, grow up, and they still had this fantasy. and it's imagination that, it kind of like their imagination was maybe stifled because of what happened to them earlier at a younger age. and and they're still living in this kind of fantasy. yeah. who knows if, you know, someone had, you know, put that fantasy upon them, or kind of brainwash them into thinking a certain way. but she's, if we are to believe this guy, which we we don't, we don't, not really. she's out there. she seems like she is still looking for her brother. and she doesn't really trust a whole lot of people. now, in 2015, to get some new information, miss Montgomery tells us that Harris James, yes, Harris Jayma was working on the case in the 80s, is missing. is no longer is presumed to be dead. we have no idea. and, you know, suspiciously, a lot of people from this time period are no longer with us. they're, if they're gone, they're, they're dead or missing. Wayne, I was specifically paying close attention to Wayne's reaction during this look, oh, yeah. there's two things at play here. one, he he's honest, and he does not know who this what happened, or to which I'm in the camp on this side, is that he knows exactly what happened, and he's trying not to reveal it. yes, there are definitely pieces of this case they're trying to keep away from Eliza. it looks like he may just be doing this whole thing with her to see what she knows. he but at the same time, it's kind of scary, because of his disease right now, you never know what he could just all sudden say, yeah, sure, I know that guy, right? and also, it's funny you bring that up, because what's interesting is that, like, she might know things that he doesn't know. yes, well, so it's like this exchange of information between these two parties where they're not trying to show their full hand yet. mm-hmm. hungry for obvious reason. Henry was right here. you shouldn't have done this interview. but we'll see where this goes. okay, now over in 1990. this is the dinner date from hell. have you ever been on a date this bad? no, neither have. I know that was try to avoid it. that was extremely tense and awkward, to say the least. would you study poultry science? they make rocket fuel out of chickens. what are you talking about? Jesus, you don't quit. that reminds me a lot of my, I think, the all-time greatest episode of the office. ever do that. it's disgusting. you know, I have soft teeth. how could you say that? excuse me for a second. now we can confirm one more thing. Roland pick that girl up at the church. it was the same girl. sorry. I wondered why in the last episode, and they had the little shot of the woman in the photo in his office. and Roland's office and I thought, I wonder if it's the same girl he met at the church. dad, it was. that's Lori that he was picking up at the church. and they've had kind of some on and off years, and they're together right now, inviting their friends over for dinner. but, uh, you know, Wayne is, how do I say this, difficult? okay, you think I'm crazy for this. I I have to bring it up. Laurie. can we throw her on the board? no, can we do it? I feel like Maury has a bigger case here. I'll bring it up again later on when we talked to the older the 2015 version of rollin. and Wayne, I just feel like Laurie, I think it would be awesome. I think it'd be such a bad payoff. it's not enough to be Laurie. you know, just lied to a weird payoff. if that ended being, if she was, why will Roman not bring up Laurie though at all? in 2015, they never got married. so I can understand that, if that the the context here was, will come back to it. I think the fact is that this, this case is literally destroyed the lives of everyone who's been around it. so I don't think it's a matter of mentioning any ex-wife or girlfriend. I think that Roland's alone for the same reason why wanes alone, that this sum consumes so much of their lives, and something horrific still we haven't seen yet, has happened. and that it's, it's destroyed any semblance of friendships with other people. yeah. okay, so Wayne finally reads Amelia's book in his 70s now. all right, cool. so we have to think what it's been almost, probably over 20 years, 25 years. it's been on there 20 years, because she hadn't finished it in 1990, but she was close to finishing it, probably. so it's in whatever, 15, 20 years, and he never touched the book. and I'm sure they were drafts before that he could have read. mm-hmm. I find it shocking that he never looked for another perspective on the case he was working. I feel like he knew bits and pieces, but never really went into it. and if he thought he knew it, all right, he never took her serious as someone that could gather information and kind of put it together in an organized way. but ro get the audible version or something, and clutched your chest, this wasn't a happy home Georgia, I should laugh, you know. and there wasn't much laughter around here. okay, so a lot of people picked this up in the last episode, that a certain line that Lucy said, children should laugh and play. and guess what? yes, that's the exact same thing that's on that note, right? he figures it out finally. um, Amelia could had, you know, it seems like pertinent information that you would have needed to know. Oh, back in the time when they were doing it, right? if she knew, oh, I'm gonna put this in the book, the exact line. well. and I'm also questioning Amelia, like, yeah, I didn't, after that conversation, we said something back in 1990, why didn't she go around? and then, I know, we know their marriage was on the rocks, but like that, that information, when she all she said to Lucy was, you know, you should go talk to Detective Hayes. she also got has to, like, she said, the one she went there and said to me, to him, there's a child missing, right? and now you may have a big, major evidence, right? he said the line that literally was in the note. so what it sounds like, we learned later, is that Lucy was behind that note in order to kind of give him some relief. this doesn't make any sense, for the fact is, she knows about that note. Wayne talks about that no little time. he's back on the case now. so even the 90s, Amelia could have brought up that same line right when she saw the note and she put it in her book. so the fact that Wayne doesn't know this, that's a little and that might be his memory, or something else is up there. let's stick with Wayne in Amelia for a second here. let's actually talk about Becca. there's a theory out there that Becca, she may actually be dead. um, I actually, I believe this. there's, there's little clues here that she might not be around. and this may just be a part of Wayne's psychosis at this part of his life, in the 2015, that he thinks she's still around, that she may have died years, years earlier. I don't, I don't know. I don't know if I feel that she's dead, but I think that they definitely had a falling-out, mhm. and that she no longer speaks to her dad. and that, you know, Henry's the the conduit that has kind of taken place to take care of his dad and kind of relay any information, she just wants to say when she does not want to do that. she just wants, now that means something really, really big and horrific happened in the interim that would make her want to stay away. but remember, like, these kids are of the similar age during the time that he's working on this case, with these kids as well. so, yeah, he's dealing with a trauma at work, and it's probably affected, as we've seen on all the flashbacks, it's nothing back that his family life. so how he's treated his own kids and how he freaked out, even in the Walmart, could be terrifying. and who knows what that been elevated to the next time it happened. yes. and at the same time, now we do know that they did cast in older Becca, so she's going to show up at some point in the future episodes? yeah, they should, exactly. that's the next thing I think. could it just be a hallucination of her? we don't know yet. we'll find out. okay, so now we're going between 2015 and 1990. and almost like a West World II vibe, right? you don't know what's going on. elegant one, yeah, you're like, oh, god, here we go the domaine and stuff again. but I think I know what was happening here. okay, all right. so Wayne's walking down the hallway. he's tripping out a little bit between his in his mind from 2015. I I don't think there's any weird, like, different timeline at play here in the scene. I think when he opens the door and he's looking at his family, because he's just remembering, everything is mine again. he's just walked back into that 90s memory, memory of himself. and the door opening is just him looking back at himself. it's, he's in his own memory, right? it's not like a house is haunted. his perception of reality is, it's all over, the mixture of many different years throughout his life. yes. another vibe I got out of that scene is for my David Lynch fans out there, Lost Highway. now, I saying that it's gonna make some people scream, because I hope that's not work, cuz a lot I was going with this story, because then you just gotta go crazy town. because in that story, the actual main character, he literally changes actors halfway through the film. so if I just curious, that guy outside, is that really Wayne? could we do something like that, we're gonna have some weird stuff go on. I would love it. I know everyone else and you would. I would be doing these reviews by myself from here on out if that happened. but might be a little bit too weird for this show. Hey, Pitt Salado has paid homage to David Lynch on many occasions, including season two and my favorite scene of all, true detective. actually, again, season two's not that bad. season two it's not that bad, but this scene is incredible. [Music], you got your father's hands. all right. now, in 1990, after they reopened the case, they're looking for this unknown set of prints that were on the toys that were recovered in the forest. hmm. problem is, is that Wayne contra can't find those prints. he's literally looking back in the police department archives, and the prints are gone. how convenient that they're gone. now, did he dispose of them himself? that's the question. we don't know, right. we don't know if it's, if it's him there's kind of putting up this whole front, or he doesn't remember physically doing this. but remember, he recovered those toys from the forest. yeah, he put him there. they were unknown fingerprints that they wanted to kind of run to the database. again, higher powers could have done that as well. no more cover-up. speaking of cover-up, let's go back to 1980, after the Woodard shootout. if oh, how convenient. we found in the shirt of Julie, inside of like, a little, like, whatever that thing was, that will, like, outdoor furnace. furnace. yeah. and then they found, oh, underneath the floorboards front of the house, wills pristine backpack. pristine. guys, take a look at that. that looks spotless. it looks like a brand-new like, you just bought it at Target. good job. everybody just bought it at Walmart and you put it underneath there. yeah, this was, it looks like from the get-go, before we even find out later, you know, the whole theory that Wayne has, I was like, that is way too perfect for it to all tie together. and from that explosion, yeah, this is why. it's a complete cover-up by either the cops or someone in power the white family, who knows? but, yeah, it's, it's too perfect for it to actually be what happened that day. now, one thing we can confirm is that the missing investigator Harris, the one that goes missing sometime between the night stay under 15. he was there that day, hmm, when the backpack was discovered. so my initial reaction was, he's definitely involved in this. he did it. and Wayne, at some point there, we're gonna find out in the next couple episodes, Wayne finds out about this, approaches him, and some [ __ ] goes down. he doesn't make it out of it alive. somehow, someway, I believe, and in it. we don't know that just yet. but it's definitely 100% Harris. I think dropped that. it's got an inside man or woman on the police force that was able to, you know, plant that evidence. he says, oh, that looks like that boys backpack. why would you say that at that but taking it back to the lab first, checking stuff out, and preferment what he just straight up says, oh, that looks like the keys to memorizing the backpack. yeah, yeah. all right. let's go back to 2015. the second they show just the close-ups of, like, Mik preparing the dog food, and then they had the coffee, and then the bottle of whiskey goes in. I'm like, Roland, he's alive. he's still alive. and yes, he's still kicking it with just stray dogs now. he's living out in the forest or somewhere out away from the city, and he's just with dogs now. and he's just living his own life, his best life. look here, another stray true. he's got flaws. well, here man. now, rollin in a Wayne don't have quite the relationship they did in years past. mm-hmm. it seems like it been quite some times that they last saw each other. and rollin was kind of in need of an apology for something that Wayne did. but Wayne doesn't know what exactly he did. his mind's not favoring. his mind's not there anymore. and I feel like something horrible went down between these two that they went to, they went so far as to take justice into their own hands, possibly. and it all a season one kind of vibe. yeah, taking your own yes, I think that's where we're going. we don't know what exactly. but he does say again that he owes him an apology for something else, though, because I feel like those are two separate Thanks. maybe it could, because he ghosted them for so many years afterwards. he says he never came over to visit me. speaking of that whole thing that exchanged between the two of them at the end was so good, so heartbreaking. and the acting, again, from both these guys is top-notch. now, one thing we have to shed some light on here, and that whole exchange between Rowland and Wayne in 2015, they bring up some names right now. they bring up Harris's name, and they bring up Dan's name. Roland says to him, that guy you brought down engine, yeah. is he talking about Dan or Harris? now, something that varies. I went a between a with with one of those two gentlemen. those men like they did something with using, like using justice in their own hands. and it doesn't sit well with either of these guys, but Roland more specifically, because roll Roland can remember it. Wayne maybe have blocked it out, or as losing his memory of exactly what happened, it looks more like it's a Harris thing. and he's telling him to shut the hell up. again, I feel like I'm the same way here right now. don't be making a documentary. needs to stop what he's doing. it right now. in this documentary, after this, the the scene with rolling, confirmed it to me, like Wayne, he's gotta shut up. he hasn't shut his big mouth attention dukes, anything that they're involved in. mm-hmm. not fine. alone out here. no woman, no kids, no old friends. now, finally, on that scene, adjust the theory, and it's a really heartbreaking one, is that the reason that rolling in, Wayne having talked to each other, spoken since the 90s, sometime in the 90s, is because he brings up the fact that he saw a white weight came to visit him. mm-hmm. that scene could be something involving Hoyt telling him, you know, listen, you've gone into deep this is Chinatown, and people in your life are gonna be destroyed. he's gonna go away. he could tell him anything, right? but I feel like out of that exchange, we knew that he needs to stop talking to roll in. he may have just stayed away from everyone to save their lives from whatever is happening. here. he did kind of, Wayne kind of did downplay that meeting, though he's only two rolling obviously, which which he would if you have it that was a truth you're saying. he kind of downplayed that, like, you know, he didn't really know. he didn't give me an information that I didn't already know. now, Wayne could have also then dealt with the man in a different way then, you know, didn't want to share with anybody, and kind of then forced himself to take a step back from anything. I feel like he's staying away to protect everyone else here. he knows only bad can come from. and if he goes any farther, in this case, and if he was told to stay away from roll in everybody. now, let's wrap up in the 1990s. and they get a tip on the hotline. they get a phone call from a woman that says she is basically Julie, and she does not want anyone to look for her, that she's okay, and tell them man, specifically on the TV as Tom Purcell, to stop going on TV and asking for his daughter. how do you how do you take this one? I keep thinking, is it her? is it really her? right? that's the first thing that can worry someone forcing her to say these things. it could be that too. it could be someone else seeing that. there's so many different movies with ransom kidnappings and ransoms. but it so what? what could Tom have have done to her that was so horrific, that we want her to stay away. they keep circling back around to this pedophile thing too. so we always think it's gonna be Dan. it we find out it may have Dan have done something to Julie. yeah, it could be Tom - this could be something again. why would the kids run away? so it looks like something, they're about, having the kids run away, tells me that something like that could have taken place, something involving either the dad was with the girl, or it could have been, again, dan, and she just resents everybody for what happened. yeah, but definitely a possibility. I mean, it sounds like there's a much darker, more sinister thing going on with the family. and like we, yeah, learn from the very first episode, we really can't trust anyone. no matter if we see Tom Purcell, just in hysterics, you know? now there's gonna be crocodile tears. we don't, yes, yeah. you don't know exactly what happened. I feel like Tom, he may have a bigger hand in this, or at least the police think he does. now, we that's what we established in the scene - is the police are now looks like they're zoning. would you receive this phone call from your estranged daughter. and now this also gives them what they're out if they want to go back and say, oh, it wasn't Woodard. we actually got him. it's Tom at least for the Attorney General. so we'll see. Julie, whoever's on this phone call also says that quote, he took me and I'm never coming back. hmm. point she feels that, that's what I initially thought. like, she feels that someone saved her from the situation she was in. and, you know, unbeknownst to her, her brother died in the process. maybe it was an accident. we talked about it before, maybe he died accidentally, she was already kind of whisked away and brought somewhere else. and she feels, like, we don't know if this is true or not, but she feels that she was saved from the situation she but then if we're taking this as she was, like, again, a drifter herself, then what the hell happened with her and Hoyt relationship there? and the plate, like, these are wealthy people. they can find a home for her. so again, it looks like something in between there, there was another cross something else happened where another person came involved here and maybe clipped someone else who's supposed to take her to the voice guys, let's wrap it up with one more fun Easter Egg that you and I both enjoyed. now, it wasn't in this episode five, but we saw it in an episode five trailer that shows scenes of kind of what's gonna happen for the rest of the season of true detective. mm-hm. one specific shot of miss Montgomery filming the documentary series with Wayne. we see her laptop opened. oh, and there are two familiar faces on this laptop from season 1, Russ and Marty. yeah, so it proves that we're in the same universe as the true detective season one. it kind of goes by legally too, but in, you know, this takes place, this took place before episode 1 did, but by the 90s, and in 2015, it's cut. now those have been wrapped up. so, you know, these timelines, these, they overlap the regions. they feel eerily similar to each other. so it was a fun, I thought it was, I was just an Easter Egg, anything else, nothing more. yeah. then, a cool Easter Egg. and it's literally, for us, well, like us in the themes, like the themes are similar with the pedophilia rings that are going on, the people in in in in large amounts of power, taking advantage of less the less fortunate in these error, in these regions of the US. so that there are similar themes. but I think was more of just, hey, fun, little nod to the season one guys. you know, they are executive producers. they're not showing up again. they did something like this in season 2 as well. what they had the too empty for director producer chairs to represent them for the season. also, in that episode you got, which a little bit of a vanity thing, because that was the episode where they revealed the killer somewhere in it. so they're doing it again this season. I feel like they're gonna get some shot of them every season for when we have another season attributed. we need those. we knew those beer cans to come back. beer cans. you may even just get one of the characters the walking frame and something in it, like a police the office. we'll see. I feel like stuff like that will happen all the time. but when it comes to act an actual, like, you know, event where they're together, not for some time. I know [Music]. and after all these years, there's a delivery in that. that'll do it for us for this breakdown of Episode five. but come back next week for episode six. is breakdown. now, make sure to hit that subscribe button if you haven't done it yet. and at the same time, let's leave you with some words of wisdom from Frank. wisdom really. it just seems to me like you pissed off some serious people. maybe you oughta take more care. just a thought. 