Liss see, I don't just say the word, but I do listen whenever you guys have something to say. I've got a lot of requests for this movie right here, which has actually been on my watch list for the longest time. and once I heard that this thing was getting a sequel, that he got greenlit, I was on. it turns out there's an entire animated prequel to this movie as well, called soul station, which I also thought was pretty good. but when it comes to one of the highest-grossing Korean blockbusters, train to Busan is a combo price for me. oh, let me explain. so the movie starts off by showing you a guy run over a deer, who then comes back to life, so, you know, nothing too weird. we then meet a fund manager who's such a workaholic I'm surprised he even remembers his daughter's name. he's buying her wheeze that she already has, always choosing work over her and even though this girl's been rehearsing the song for weeks for her recital, my man doesn't show up, and does she just goes completely blank for her birthday. however, he decides to take her to visit her mom. and they take, of course, their trade to Busan. as soon as they walk on, a random girl with rabies rushes on, which is like, brow is you is you're not paying attention? like y'all know it's rude to go out in public if you have whooping cough, if you're sniffling in the theater. again, also rude by carrying a zombie virus out in public. you're just, you're disrespectful. this girl starts to run and bites the stewardess, who is facing the other way. never face the other way. and even though these guys are baseball players, they must have a 124 baseball average, because they swing and miss to the point that the entirety of this train becomes an Old Country Buffet. these zombies are rushing like Bieber fans trying to score tickets. obviously, everyone's running as fast as they can, to the point that the main character shuts the door in a pregnant couple, and then they just open. it turns out these zombies only move towards what they can see or hear. there's no real sense of smell. and even if you dim the lights just a little bit, all of a sudden they go blind. and also love how they kind of switch it up, where the first chick had enough time to get on the train show for a little bit before she turned. and now everyone just turns faster than a dude watching queer eye. at first I thought that the cause of it was the government, since it seemed like there was some that were being dropped. but it turns out that that was just zombies on top of the helicopters who were falling off. but I don't know if they'll make it more clear in the sequel, but they do hint at the fact that there's a virus that leaks because of one of the plants that we saw earlier in the movie. and the fact that the main character pulls his shares from that company, he, in a sense, kind of feels vicariously responsible for what happened, like he's the reason why it instigated. it. kind of like an allegory for how most business people who make selfish decisions end up affecting everyone else around them, all the normal people. and sometimes it comes back to bite him in the butt. they soon stop at a train station that's overrun by zombies, so they all have to run back to the Train. but there's just one guy who thinks he's as rich as Elon Musk, and he wants to leave everyone out there because these people are turning into zombie fidgets spinners. so everyone gets separated. you got the main dude from his daughter, separated. these elderly sisters separated. baseball boy and baseball girl separated. and then this soon-to-be dad who watched some Game of Thrones and play some real-life D&amp;D, picks up a sword and a shield. it just gets to work. now you got these guys who end up in car nine, right, who are wanting to get to cart their team because that's where their loved ones are at. and then everybody else is just in car 15. so they start prepping. oh, my goodness, I've been saying this, right, that in the apocalypse, you can't wear short sleeves. you need that you yo armor thing. you got to stock up on those ball Tron sleeves. everyone gets bit in the forearm. they listened. they're able to rescue them by not silencing their cellphones. but then then this dude, right as they're about to get out of it, crushes it. they eventually make it a car 15. but everyone there is playing snowpiercer, and they just don't want to let them in. which numbnuts forget the morality of it, right, of letting another human being die. you're going to lock them out, knowing that they're clearly going to break the glass, and because of their ignorance, my man dies. [Applause]. this man even pulled a [ __ ] door in order to give them more time. that's right. when the main dude gets the cart 15, he starts beating up the businessman, which I thought was pretty clever, cuz technically, he's kind of beating the kind of person he could have become. he's fighting it off, and I would have hit him with five Conor McGregor's. but to continue the stupidity of car 15, they decided to kick out everyone who just made it. they're the main crew, to the next car, the one that's farther away from the zombies as they remain in that car. that's why this elderly lady releases them, since she's so mad that they let her sister, Diane, well-well-well, how the turntables. they get feasted on like it's a damn Golden Corral. and they all just completely die. but when they arrive to the next station, it turns out that they're gonna have to switch trains because of a collision. and somehow this dude is still alive. he ends up ruining it for the baseball couple, who Romeo and Juliet, it somehow finds a way to even kill the damn conductor in order to hop onto the new train to Busan. and as a remaining three struggle to hop on the train. of course, even in death, this mofo finds a way to ruin things and bites the dead who now has to sacrifice himself for his daughter to live. and this girl kills her performance. the girl on the mound finally arrived to Busan, and are walking down a tunnel when a group of soldiers standing guard noticed them, and they think they're zombies. I started freaking out, because all I'm thinking about is that they're about to pull a Night of the Living Dead and shoot them right before they're about to make it. when she starts singing the song that was meant for her father, but as a tribute, and it literally saves their lives. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm here to know your thoughts on it. I love this movie. I should have never held back on it. I wish I would have seen it in theaters. this is one of those that I wish I would have seen in theaters to truly experience that combo price. but I'm very curious to see what they're gonna do. they have a remake called Knight to Busan, which I don't get the point of that. this one works because they're obviously speaking the language. an American remake makes no sense. but there is going to be the next one that's coming up, and where I believe it's gonna take place, like all around. I think it's called bad know, which translates to Peninsula. so I'm more curious for the sequel. for those of you who have seen the prequel, it's animated. definitely check that out. that yo, you guys recommended a good one for this one. so send me more of your recommendations. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll get you tickets to the 3:10 to Busan. 