[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm the host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to midsummer from RE aster is due to release in less than a month. and after the film received its first screening last night, I thought I'd go and check out the movie script, which was leaked online, to break down everything you need to know about the film. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the big plot points of it, as well as giving my take on the movie and what we will see in it. this is full spoilers ahead. and whilst leaks like this should always be taken with a grain of salt, the script seems fully fleshed out and is reportedly what was shot. after reading it, all lines up, so I think this will be the final cut. so if you don't want anything rude, then I highly suggest that you turn off now, because we're going into every aspect of the plot, including the movies ending without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of bit simmer. the film opens with Danny, played by Florence Pugh, receiving a worrying email from her sister, who has a long history of doing impulsive things due to bipolar disorder. the email reads, icon, anymore, everything's black. mum and dad are coming to goodbye. this mysterious, alarming contact sets off a chain of events that leads to terrifying consequences for Danny and those around her. and while it doesn't really tie into the later plot, it's still a great way to start the story. early on, the stakes rise quite a bit when Danny's sister, Terry is found in her parents house after having apparently killed them and herself. and this loss of family becomes one of the main reasons that she's drawn to the cult. in the film, Danny and Christian, her boyfriend, were having relationship difficulties, and the latter plan to break things off - -. the two wanting different things from life. however, Danny's family's death caused him to stay with her for six months on from the murders, which is when the majority of the movie takes place. Christian wants to get away to acquire yodelling festival that only happens once every 90 years in Sweden, known as housing. and this has been organized by their friend pal, who is from the area. and is left due to a pilgrimage that all the villages take once they reach a soon age. Christian originally was planning on going with just his friends and - Danny, but after she killed trips him, he allows her to come. much to his friends dismay. Danny feels distant from Christians friends, and she has several breakdowns every time her family's brought up by them. this seems to be a regular thing, and they're constantly reminding her of the tragedy. things slowly gets stranger and stranger as the group arrive and discover the cult Appel is originally from. these guys are basically the product of generations of incest that hang boar Caucasus from branches and look like 19th century farmers that spend most of their time dancing around the Maypole. on the surface, they seem like above hippies that Hanna magic mushrooms like it's nothing. however, as they begin to carry out their rituals, it's clear that things aren't right. they far outnumber the group, and this makes them intimidating, as they slowly start to pick everyone apart. the whole gasp, as they're known, communicate through little gestures and expressions known as effects, which hint has their true intentions without notifying others. they represent nature's hermaphroditism, and because of this, the men wear long dresses and so on. every time one Hagen is born, the group plant a tree that has apparently tied directly to their life. and as it grows, they do - if something happens to that tree, they view it as an attack on themselves. and this plays into the film later. the whole gasps view their lives as seasons, with spring being their childhood, and summer their young adulthood, in which they go on a pilgrimage. they return after 32 to be an elder of the camper autumn, and commit suicide when turning 72 by jumping off a cliff, though we don't discover this back to lay yet. in the film, it's not just the villages that are weird, though in general, there's something very wrong with the place, such as a broad daylight at night. and weird things happen to the area that the group find difficult to tell apart the reality of they begin their ceremony to celebrate the midsummer a ritual at last 9 days and is headed up by the group's matriarch, known as unfortunately. the ritual, which is sort of like a Groundhog Day thing, predicts bad omens. and after this, the group slowly begin to unearth the ins and outs of the camp. this includes strange films that sent a heavily around pregnancy and the suicide commit by the eldest. there's a lot more than this, and those are just the main ones, but in them, they cover goddesses, rebirth, worshiping the Sun and so on. Christian also states that he wants to write his thesis on the Hargis, which annoys Josh, who has the same idea. now this is about the midpoint of the script, and things slowly ramp up until Danny wants to leave due to all the strange pagan worship that's going on. however, Christian convinces her otherwise, to to his project, and she stays. though as we make it through the latter part of the story, it becomes clear that she wouldn't have been allowed to leave even if she'd wanted to. this is cemented by two friends on the trip named simon and connie, who want to go after witnessing a mass animal sacrifice. whilst connie is packing, father art comes to tell her that simon has already left. but something seems well odd about it, especially when connie witnesses him being dragged into the woods. everyone is slowly turning against them, especially after mark breaks a tree tied to one of the villages named earth, and his life. the group also, at this point learn about ruben, massively disabled boy. he was seen as the town's oracle. they failed to find simon. and josh sneaks into their sacred temple to take photos of their sacred texts for his project known as the ruby radar. it's at this point that mark seemingly walks in the temple to see him. however, it's elf wearing mark skin. and yeah, it's about to get a little crazy. josh is bludgeoned, and the other members are put in weird situations. Danny is drugged and made to dance around the Maypole with others who are all dancing till they collapse, so that one can be crowned the queen. Christian is told that he has been approved to mate with one of the doors of the Hargis, which makes him go back and forth on whether he should cheat an art as he's promised that Danny will never know. and overall, it's clear the camp woman it letting them. the girl he's been chosen for has been flirting with him since their arrival, and she's described in the script is very attractive. Danny wins the competition and is pronounced them a queen. and she paraded through the field, unable to really fight back as people kiss her and adorn her with flowers. she's eventually led to the throne at the head of the table where they force her to eat a salt herring. and she hallucinates through the majority of it with flowers seemingly growing out of her feet and a body blending into things like a chameleon. Christian too is really tripping, and the elders clap in his face, which sends him into a downward spiral. at this point, Danny is sent out to bless the crops, and Christian is sent to make love to Maya, the girl that the elders have approved he mates with. he's pretty much stoned throughout, and it's one of the weirdest sex scenes I've ever read, with old naked people standing around and smiling at him as he does it. one of them also rocks his hips back and forth. and, yeah, it's just, it's pretty weird. Christian finishes, and maha begins to rock back and forth on her saying, I can feel it, his life inside me. and yep, one star on TripAdvisor for this place. Danny discovers this and begins crying and breaking down and mimicking her. the other villages start to in an almost tribal way, which is when Christian rushes out, vomits, and then sees Josh chained to a fence with his abdomen cut open and covered in bird seed so that they would fly in and peck at his organs. to make things worse. josh is still alive, and Christian slowly discovers the rest of the camp all murdered in brutal ways. he's knocked out and awakens to find himself in a field the next day, ready to be sacrificed to the Sun. and tell all, there are nine sacrifices, with a handful of villages stepping forward, and the ninth being decided by the May Queen. she, of course, chooses Christian. and all of the corpses and living people are escorted to a house that was previously off-limits. when it's stacked against the walls, Christian is put in a bear costume, and the room, laden with hay, is set alight. he watches. Christian melts into the fire, and Danny is paraded as the new queen. she goes through a mix of emotions including excitement, fear, confusion, but ultimately she's happy, happy that she finally has a new family and is accepted. the character has gone insane, but in her mind, she is a queen worshipped by all, and finally living a life free of paranoia, a distrust, which ends the film. so obviously, there's quite a lot of things to take from this. and whilst the script is pretty great, when reading it, I always had a nickel in feeling that this will play out a lot better on the big screen. though I didn't go massively into detail. the description of the location in Sweden, as well as some of the deaths, are really vivid. it's really got me amped up to see how they play out in the final cut. this definitely has the potential to be the most unnerving movie of the air. and if it follows in the footsteps of hereditary, which is my film of 2018, then we definitely have a lot to look forward to. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film, and I'll leave a link to the script in the description if you'd like to read it yourself. it's only a 118 pages long, and it's a breeze to read through. so I definitely recommend that you check it out. if this videos piqued your interest. if you enjoyed this, then make sure you check out my breakdown of the leaked information we have on the Batman, which would be linked at the end. it contains all of the latest news, and it's definitely worth checking out if you want to learn more about the Matt Reeves film. so make sure you give that watch after this. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 