welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the talented mr ripley. while working at a fancy party as a pianist, tom ripley, matt damon, is approached by shipping magnate herbert greenleaf, who believes that ripley attended princeton with his son, dickie jude law. because ripley is wearing a borrowed princeton jacket. greenleaf gives him a tour of his shipyard and recruits ripley to travel to italy to persuade dickie to return home, offering him a 1000 bonus and all expenses paid. after a first-class ocean liner voyage, ripley pretends to be dicky in the italian ship terminal and strikes up a friendship with an american socialite, meredith logue, kate blanchett. in the fictional seaside village of mongebello, ripley befriends sticky and his girlfriend, marge sherwood, gwyneth paltrow, claiming to be his former princeton classmate. ripley enjoys dicky's extravagant lifestyle and becomes obsessed with dickie himself. eventually, dickie tires of him and starts spending time with his patrician socialite friend, freddie miles, phillip seymour hoffman, who treats ripley with contempt. the night they return from rome, dickie catches ripley dressed in his clothes and dancing in front of a mirror. after dickies father cuts off ripley's travel funds, dickey cancels a trip to venice and tells ripley they should part ways, but offers to take him on a final trip to san remo. they argue on a small boat, and dickie says he has had enough of ripley and is going to marry marge. ripley insinuates that dickie is rejecting him because he is afraid of the feelings they have developed for each other. they struggle, and ripley kills dickie with an oar. he takes dickie's belongings and scuttles the boat. realizing that people mistake him for dickie, ripley decides to assume his identity. he forges a letter to marge, convincing her that dickie has left her to live in rome. he creates the illusion that dickie is still alive by checking into one hotel as dicky and another as himself, creating an exchange of communications between the two. through forgery, he is able to draw on dickies allowance, which allows him to live lavishly. he runs into meredith, who still knows him as dicky, in the gucci shop in rome. his ruse is threatened when marge arrives in rome, and tom runs into her at the opera he is attending with meredith and her family. he rushes meredith out on a pretext, then breaks it off with her to prevent himself from being exposed. freddie shows up at ripley's apartment looking for dickie. when the landlady addresses ripley as dicky, freddy realizes the fraud, ripley bludgeons him to death and disposes of the body. ripley is forced to create stories to avoid the police and marge, who are looking for dickie. realizing that the police suspect dickie of murdering freddy, ripley forges a suicide note with dickie claiming responsibility for freddie's death. ripley then travels to venice, where he re-encounters marge's friend, peter smith kingsley, first meeting him at the roman opera house, and they become very close. peter acts as a translator for a meeting with the police, and ripley panics when he hears that the roman police are coming, because inspector roverini knew him as dickie. he is relieved to see that it is a different officer who did not know him as dickie. dickey's father travels to italy to meet with the police, bringing along a private detective, alvin macarin. ripley prepares to kill marge when she discovers dickies rings in his possession, and begins to deduce what has been going on, but peter interrupts them. greenleaf dismisses marge's suspicions, and macaron reveals to ripley that the police are convinced that dicky, who had a history of violence, murdered freddie before killing himself. macaron further indicates that out of appreciation for ripley's loyalty to dickie, and to assure ripley's silence. greenleaf intends to bequeath a portion of dickies trust fund to him, free and clear of his crimes. ripley boards a ship to greece with peter. it is implied that they are now lovers. ripley is surprised to encounter meredith, who knows him as dicky and also knows peter socially. he kisses her and promises to talk later in his cabin. peter tells ripley he saw him kiss meredith, and ripley makes weak excuses. ripley realizes that he has to kill peter, as meredith is traveling with her family and would be missed. ripley admits that he lied about who he is and laments that he will always be alone because of what he has done. sobbing, he strangles peter and returns to his cabin alone. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music] 