kamme is a modern horror film that showcases the dangers of social media sharing culture and identity theft. the film is currently making waves on Netflix, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything you need to know about the ending of the movie. there will be heavy spoilers, and this film is definitely worth checking out with fresh eyes. so if you don't want anything ruined, you have been warned. but everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to set within the world of internet cam modeling, we follow Alice, aka Lola, as she tries to unravel the mystery behind why another online account has managed to completely duplicate her boys, look and more. this replica goes above and beyond wireless would normally do, and proves dangerous to her reputation. as Alice investigates deeper, she discovers that another cam user named baby girl may be behind it. so our protagonist sets out to discover her identity. Alice, however, discovers that the real baby girl died six months earlier. and when contacting her top friend, tinker, learns that there's a pattern emerging between the deaths of cam girls and the appearances of their replicas. we eventually discover that the Menace replicating the girls is actually a complex algorithm that is able to duplicate users after months of study. by the end of the movie, Alice engages in a faceoff with her clone over the Internet to prove which is the real Lola. Alice wins the contest and gets the password to a clones account, which enables her to delete it and finally be free of the copy. however, in the closing moments of the movie, we see that Alice has created a new account and is ready to re-engage with the public once more. to me, this highlights the dangers of addiction to social media that we as a people have grown to have. even I can admit that I've probably spent too much time online attempting to betray a certain image. and it's easy to get invested in this digital world where we present our perfect selves and seem to be loved because of it. alice is a victim of this, and it comes back to haunt her heavily. the fact that she uses a pseudonym highlights that the digital version of ourselves is make-believe. and even she knows it something put in place in order to hopefully catch the attention of others so we can become an objective desire. what cam does beautifully is it highlights the dangers of this, and how we ourselves begin to believe that our digital self is more important than the real world. palace becomes trapped in this, and clearly we'll become stuck in a loop where the algorithm will copy. here again, similar to this, we know that social media platforms are constantly using data to target us to consume. they know all of our personal information, sell it and have the potential to hold us to ransom with it. and we still don't care and keep using the platform's what I love about cam is that it highlights these dangers and reminds us that this is a scenario not too far away, in a world where everything can be faked. it's a beautiful reminder that perhaps we should keep things private, instead of putting them all over the pages of Facebook, Twitter and more. so what are your thoughts on cam? did you enjoy the movie and what did you take from it? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please check out my breakdown of the crimes of Grindelwald, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are man into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 