the quest to find love feels like a never-ending story that some never succeed in finding. i'd say it would be a lot easier if you were a beautiful witch, though, but that can also have its drawbacks. speaking of, that's exactly what elaine finds out in the 2016 film the love witch. obviously, spoiler alert. while i may give you my opinion on the film here, that's no substitute for experiencing it yourself. links to the movie are in the description as well. we open up on a road trip through the countryside, with elaine giving us some explanation as to why we're where we're at. well, none of that was in the explanation she just gave us. sure enough, she's to blame for it, and it looks like she's in a risque religious cult. this movie is already starting off with a bang. as elaine drives through town, she talks about how frail a man's ego can be. she mentions that you have to be very tricky when it comes to dealing with it. so far, it just looks like she disposes of them when she's through with them. even though it looks like a murder house. i really want it maybe that's why i really want it look at it. it's here that we meet trish, who pulls up in a newer model. bmw, what time period is this supposed to be? we're following elaine, who dresses like a go-go dancer, who just met up with a small town realtor from 2010 while being in a movie with the aesthetic of the 50s. this woman just told elaine she didn't mean anything by a comment made earlier, mentioning that she is married and that she didn't mean it that way. yet. once she finds out that elaine was a dancer of some kind, her first reaction is to scan elaine up and down with her eyes and make this face. okay. once trish shows elaine in the room, elaine is ecstatic about the setup. with the whole living area decorated in wiccan supplies and themes, it feels like home to elaine. what time period are we in? we've got medieval style architecture with the brooding pitties from my fair lady. and then we've got elaine. elaine opens up to trish about her loss of her husband, how she joined a group that explained the ins and outs of men and how to keep them happy. and then she mentions that she's a witch now, thanks to them. trish is a little taken aback. later on that night, elaine is in her apartment preparing a concoction of some sort, with ingredients being thrown into a small cauldron. she reads the ingredient list from an old apothecary book. as she turns the page, we see that she is preparing for a love spell. this can only go well for her, obviously. that's how these movies go, right? the next day, elaine goes to meet wendy, who runs a wicked apothecary as when he observes elaine's goods, they begin to strike a deal for selling elaine's products. there's definitely some tension there. i'm not married. i'll make you a nice dinner. yes, yes. okay, sure. is it really that easy? i feel like if it were, there would be so many more wiccans. as they make small talk, elaine hits on the fact that wayne is a nature guy. and somehow that's enough for the two of them to hit it off. as the conversation continues, elaine prods and finds out he's single. and she prompts him to take her up to his cabin outside of the city. you want some? oh, that is, that is strong. first of all, when someone offers you something and the best response to what it is is, something i made you, do not drink that. that's how people end up on unsolved mysteries. as wayne attempts multiple advances, elaine continues to put him back in his place while she proceeds to make dinner for the two of them. now that wayne has had time to cool down, they take this time to find out more about each other. during their conversation, wayne finds out that elaine had slipped a good amount of hallucinogenic herbs into the concoction in the flask. he seems to take this quite well. i don't think he cares about too much right now, considering he's tripping like crazy right now. as wayne enjoys the show, elaine calls him over to get started. as he takes her to the bed, the drink's full effect starts to kick in. let me just say that the next couple minutes are interesting, to say the least. after their finish, wayne rolls over and begins to weep. as elaine tries to comfort him. things get a little weirder. i mean, poor dude, but he just met her. this is not the time for this love potion or not. after elaine reassures wayne, she makes her way to the living room couch to smoke while wayne cries for her. the next morning, elaine makes breakfast for wayne. overnight, wayne looks like he's become patient zero for the zombie apocalypse. after wayne wines and christ some more, elaine goes downstairs to her tarot cards that warn her of wayne. well, there's not much to worry about now. so what does elaine do? she takes a very freeing stroll through local nature, collects liquid gold and creates a celebration of womanhood. i don't know what's happening anymore, so the next logical thing to do is to get rid of the body, which, of course, she's no stranger to. the next morning, she leaves wayne's house. should have left the night before. it's a crime scene for crying out loud. once elaine makes her way back to her apartment, she picks up right where she left off with her hobbies in the apartment. when trish comes over to visit, she tells elaine that she'll be leaving town for a furniture convention, and her husband, richard, will be home alone. why would trish tell elaine that her husband will be home alone that night? elaine meets barbara at a burlesque club. wait, this dude just walks out in the open, then pops a squat at their table. if this movie was anything like any other movie of the genre, i'd definitely say he was next. but this is a weird one, so that's probably just their local mascot. after a nice little sermon on the power of the body and lust, elaine goes back home as she reminisces about her previous relationships, all of which i'm assuming she killed at this point. she also remembers being let down by the original voice. we have a flashback of her ceremony where she is welcomed into the society on the other side of town. the police go and investigate the house, where they find dna evidence, elaine's jar of a woman's celebration and wayne's gravesite. i think that's enough for sure. now we have elaine who is entertaining trish's husband, richard. elaine pokes and prods richard with questions and compliments because that was all the invitation he needed to start taking some clothes off. great timing, if i say so myself. the next thing we know, richard is saying that flying turns him on the most, like flying a plane. such an innocent guy. well, you don't have to tell him twice, of course. this is enough persuasion for richard to watch elaine dance for him while giggling the whole time. this dude has no idea what's coming at this point. it's just a great excuse to throw in a 2-minute burlesque scene. ew, dude. could they make the guys in this movie any more crappy? at the police force, a toxicology report shows that wayne had a huge amount of devil's weed in his system. so the sergeant goes to a local witch doctor to get some answers. after the doctor sniffs the mason jar they found, he mentions that this is very common for witches. now if we just knew what time period this was taking place, why couldn't they just run a dna test? this witch is dropping dna left and right at the crime scene. it was so easy to get away before dna testing and cameras everywhere. after a witch's sermon in what looks like someone's backyard, the witches and satanists decide to throw a potluck and what could almost be considered affair. while barbara and elaine talk about elaine's recent split in her love life, yet again, he's a pisces, elaine can only describe the reason for why they didn't work this same way most people do. now, typical pisces. the next day, the sergeant goes to the owner of the apothecary to ask some questions about the witch's bottle. she immediately knows what it is, but not who it's from. she proceeds to show him some bottles from her shelves, and when he asks who made them, she tells him of elaine, i never realized that witches were brewing concoctions and beakers with colorful liquids like a bad bill. neither science guy episode. she's interrupted when the sergeant knocks on her door to ask about wayne's case. she's a little reluctant at first, but she lets him in anyways. he asks her if she's ever seen a witch's bottle containing urine. when she says no, he decides to pull it out of his bag, like it will jog her memory of the bottle. after he comes across as a judgmental jerk, elaine turns it around and tries to make it seem like he's saying, being a witch is a crime. that's alright, sergeant. you can call me griff. you know, tomorrow is my day off, and it's supposed to be quite nice out. do you like to ride? she does not waste any time, does she. quickest turnaround of any character ever. after literally three seconds, elaine begins to talk about how he seems familiar to her, and she connects it to the man the tarot cards told her about. and then we're just supposed to fade to the next day like he didn't just drop a giant creeper bomb in her living room. sure enough, they go riding. that actually worked out. in the distance, they hear a flute playing, which draws their attention. of course, there's a renaissance fair in the middle of the woods, exactly where they're riding horses. it turns out that it's really being put together by elaine's coven, who in turn invite elaine and the sergeant to join in the festivities. of course, the jester decides to throw out the idea of a mock wedding, and obviously everyone agrees. [Music], these lyrics are pure gold. i want him to sing at my wedding for sure. oh, joyous day. as they get dressed as king and queen, the band continues to play outside until the two of them are united on the stage. after a nice little binding ceremony, a feast is served, and the couple play along with the festivities. you feel like you're suffocating, drowning in estrogen, the most awful feeling when you really love him. it's like firework and nothing else matters. suddenly, the sergeant provides a voiceover narration to his view on being soft and real love. elaine follows suit, and it almost sounds like a word vomit of vows. the sergeant is absolutely a piece of crap. this can end well. the next day, the sergeant arrives at work, and people can tell that something is off as his partner tries to pass information to him about elaine. the sergeant tries to tell him to lay off of the case. of course, the partner follows and continues to talk about elaine's history, without letting up who says, i'm in love with her. get the hell off my back. he even shakes his hand in pain after that awful fake punch. his partner calls him out for terrible misconduct. then we jump to trish. i honestly forgot trish and richard were characters in this film. as trish breaks into the bathroom that richard has locked himself in, she finds a terrible discovery. this movie is losing points now. elaine and trish meet up at that victorian tea room from the beginning. as trish spills her heart out to elaine, she eventually brings up the affair. she knew richard was having that smug smile right in front of trish. that's a whole new level of confidence that i wish i had. as trish finishes talking about her depressing mourning process, elaine throws out there that she's found the love of her life and that she's gonna marry and with that, elaine decides it's time for her to leave trish there to finish her tea on her own. but trish finds elaine's ring on the table and decides to take it to elaine. as trish enters elaine's apartment. she begins to look around, and she discovers all of elaine's love magic. on top of that, she enters elaine's bedroom and decides to use her makeup in her mirror. anybody thinking of some possible endings with this? that eye shadow is always on point. i wonder which one will win in the end. my money is on elaine. trish continues to play the part of elaine until she notices a picture on elaine's altar. trish finds a picture of her dearly departed richard, and she does not take it well. after she snoops through the drawer, she finds letters, dolls and a picture from her husband to elaine. now my money might be on trish. sure enough, elaine tries to sneak up behind trish with a knife, but trish overpowers her and smacks her. as trish leaves, she swears that elaine will burn for what she's done. i'm sure she will, but she's gonna get you first. once elaine meets up with the sergeant, he explains that the dna came back and it connected her to wayne. thank you. finally, mention of a dna test next he explains that trish came to the office and told her whole story to him. elaine tries to pull it off, but he calls her bluff. she's got a solid point, but she can't win over the sergeant who thinks he can still arrest her, even though she hasn't actually done anything wrong. touche. that's probably the smoothest bit of police work this whole film. somehow the sergeant gets elaine through an angry mob into his cruiser. then somehow they end up at her apartment. on her bed, she confesses her love and he stares off into the distance. then elaine gives the sergeant a drink, which he tosses to the floor. for a smart decision by a man, when she gives them a drink, i don't know what's happening. now, after the ghosts of relationships pass show up as ghosts and tell her they love her, she decides to stab the sergeant. this jumps to a mental fantasy, wedding with silent instruments and riding a unicorn off into the sunset. while this film lost me a bit towards the last half, the first half kept me thoroughly confused and invested an interesting take on witchcraft. it almost makes light of it while keeping true to other parts. weird, but interesting. i hope you enjoyed the video, and, by all means, watch the film for yourself. there's something there for everyone. if you did like it, leave a like on the video and suggest what i should watch next. subscribe if you want to see more videos like this one. and i'll see you in the next video. 