yeah, this is recap raps. we're about to throw some Disney magic up in here. right now it's frozen. let's go to a magic place through the Disney Castle doorway. grab the orange or the lights. basically, it's Norway. everybody's healthy better and everybody's nice, even though the economy is dependent upon I suck. this part of he has airs related with different human as. adorable redhead and a mother. every mutant its snowmen and fun times. the otter gets knocked out cold, but the pond Flawn else are bad. neural eyes out of the troll pot. the gates keep in check. Elsa, put your gloves on. lollipop in a shipwreck. years go by in one song. the first time in forever. Princess Elsa comes up a geo autobahns overheads of hogs. and one night they're engaged. what she needs is validated versus says L now agitated, an aggravator, she feels genuine. telesco on the leaves. pawns of charge. Elsa's off on a ban cute. it's the only thing that you can do when people don't understand you is see you like Julie Andrews, and buildup out. she's filled enough. building codes never bothered her anyway. honor in the wilderness. get [ __ ] up by her horse. visa hot guys with frost. by editing convenience store. they slide up to the dark by wolves equipment. still not honors. and the chemistry keeps getting stronger. between Christophe Donner, they wandered, then they find the cutest Duty all ever see. adorable and huggable and suffering from leprosy, terrors. Liam's his pale, his heart, he left their every kind of pain and sings, although results dark metaphor for climate change. anyway, to the palace. Tinnell doses defiance, but against both God and science. she cars up frost giant, and it mixes sorcery on his heart. ghost phone call. first off, has the remedy. his family. you're stoned. row shotgun. wedding goes arrived, and on his hair turns all white. she needs true love from a hot guy, so obviously that's Hans, right? meanwhile, at the ice house, Elsa fight for life now. gutter enemies dead to right now. coal murder in arrived. now, she was shot, but it's lights out. why that is? when real quick. probably ain't gotta go away on dog tail in prison cell until she brings this Hummer back. she escaped from the superpowers cuz I guess nobody thought in that. Chris dog drops on off to be with Hans the castle. it's too long, so pogroms. but it turns out Honda's, it's not nice. boxer up to three to Dad's ball. he usurps the kingdom to heart-wrenching moment, yet no one's gonna sing. standing Kris, have a heart to heart, then get him back down to where he's needed. Bob Briggs in warmth on up. and then finally learns what heat is, sealing ice windows fly, push, get raging out the doors. Elsa has part time turn one through her own stolen Hong flies that otter died. and also becomes broken in sacrifice on turns to ice. Hey, look at that. she's frozen. her true love helps her defrost. and all around the snow thaws. hot legs up the Justice, which arrives before getting cold. Cox Oh log into snow, cloud wall christened on a baked out, and Elsa builds an ice rink and ended on a feed out sea down we're all just brushes. jokes. Lake, that was frozen, yo. this is recap raps. let us know in the comments what you want. to see you soon next. and remember, family and true love's are very important things. we'll see you next time. snowball, what's up guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, why not check out either of these other two don't videos of ours, and be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest warp zone content coming at you every Tuesday and Thursday. anywho, we're gonna make like, let it and go see 