calibre is a 2018 Scottish thriller starring Jack Loudon, Tony Curran and Martin McCann. the film follows two friends named Marcus and Vaughn as they embark on a hunting trip in the Scottish Highlands. after an initial mishap during the trip, the GOL find themselves an increase in danger as natives to the village slowly begin to attack and threaten them. throughout this video, I will be discussing the film's plot and ending, so there will be heavy spoilers. I definitely think that this film is worth your time with no prior knowledge, and highly recommend that you go in as blind as possible. you have been warned. with that out the way, I'm definition, and this is my ending explanation for calibre. during a hunting trip, Vaughn accidentally shoots a child, wounding them fatally. when rushing to the body, Bourne is met by the child's father, who, angry at what has happened, aims a gun at the protagonist. Vaughn's friend Marcus saves his life, shooting the father. and we can conclude that he came to this decision due to the fact that his previous interactions with the villagers have been almost violent, and there was definitely an uneasy tension to every interaction. with them deciding that they have to cover up the crime. the duo agreed to return an eye and under the cover of darkness, buried the bodies. back in the village, the group from Pender Logan, who is one of the villages head citizens. I loved their tense interaction in the restaurant. and we see that Bourne struggles to eat venison. this venison reminds him of the hunting trip, and it was a nice callback that signifies just how guilty Bourne feels. returning at night, they bury the bodies. however, they're planned soon and Phil's and the villagers discover the corpses. and due to the strange actions of Bourne and Marcus, realise what has happened. the majority of the villagers want to kill the pair. however, Logan dissuades them, knowing that they're already financially unstable, village will come under more stress should the majority of its keynote figures be reprimanded by the police. debating with the rest of the villagers through the night, Logan comes up with a plan to make them even. and this results in Bourne being forced to shoot Marcus, Logan's brother, one of the main antagonists I wanted to pay, stated earlier in the standoff that it should be an eye for an eye. and it's clear that Logan used this to find a way for Vaughn to make it out of the village alive. in his hotel room, Vaughn agrees with Logan that they will lie about what happened and make it look like Marcus went off into the woods by himself. sometime later, we returned to see Warren in his home, unable to sleep and dogging on his baby, something that was used to push him to kill Marcus. we see that even though all he wanted to do was return home and get to be with his child, the choice that he made has left a huge impact. and he realizes that the life he has taken has also destroyed his own. borne never wanted to kill, we could even see that he stumbled when firing upon the air. however, this decision led him down a dark path that would have never happened had he not found joy in taking another's life. now, the wicked desire that he possessed has come back in a car, Mayock way to strip him of his soul. and the film definitely leaves audiences to think about how all life is precious, and in murdering one thing, we kill ourselves in other ways. when watching calibre, I was hit with the realization that Bourne and Marcus were, in fact, the villains of the piece. they show up to the rather peaceful village and caused havoc, changing it in irreversible ways. Marcus is a drug addict that puts his addiction on others. and Bourne comes close to cheating on his heavily pregnant fiancee after killing the child and his father. both would rather cover it up and flee from the scene, leaving the victims families unaware of the fate that befell them. they are completely beset on escaping and prepared to kill one another in order to get their goals. a true friend of Marcus would have refused to murder him, but Bourne participates in the killing due to his selfish desires. the true hero of the piece is Logan. throughout he does his best to be as humane as possible and treats the two with kindness and compassion, even after learning of their wicked deeds. whilst it might be better to contemplate put yourselves in the village's shoes, you would be as angry and probably want to kill them too. and this is what elevates the film and makes it so relatable. it was easy to put myself in their shoes and see why they made the decisions they did. in the end, the villagers win because they get away with the murder of Marcus and borns life is shattered. so in a way, the film has got a happy and I can't even say that it left me clinically depressed and I just need a hug. so what did you think of calibre? do you agree with my thoughts on the film? or do you think that Bourne didn't deserve what he got? comment below and let me know. and if you liked this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel, as I create ending explained videos weekly, and I'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film, make sure you check out my breakdown of Netflix's other film released this week, Tao, which will be linked at the end. again, thanks very much for taking the time to watch this, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music], 