listen, I like Bohemian Rhapsody, right? I think it's worth a rented because I had a great time watching it. but even I who liked it, have to stand back in question some parts. because, like, obviously, if a movie gets the rights to use Queens music, it's gonna rock you, since you like Queens music. but then you got to ask yourself if what you're really liking in the movie is what the filmmakers brought to the table, or if it's the soundtrack you can stream on Apple music back home, especially when you consider some bamboozling that was happening behind the scenes. let me explain. so if you don't know who Queen is, no, it's not a damn Nicki album, like I heard some kids saying on Twitter. Freddie was never that petty. it's one of the greatest rock bands of all time. what I think is so interesting about them is that I know a bunch of people who know Queens music, but they may not know anything about the band. so I think it is cool to get these big bio pics from time to time. but I think the best part of this movie is rami malek, who's been in a bunch of stuff right? my dude has been grinding at it for years, but it wasn't until that one role where people finally started taking him seriously and treating him like the king of acting that he is. I speak on Gugu. but now, as surprised as I am that they were able to catch Romney on video, the only thing that stood out to me about his performance where the teeth. and like, yeah, I understand that Freddie had an overbite. I get that's a part of who he is. he even says that that's why he's able to sing the way he does, but why'd y'all make my boy Ramsay look like the duck from Chicken Little? I know that a lot of complaints are about how the movie is paced super quickly, right? I completely agree with that. I know my dudes got a song called don't stop me now. but man, did y'all rush to their limelight overnight? we want to go from them being broke in a broken van to touring, like two scenes later, Freddy glanced at a cow and somehow got inspired to write Bohemian Rhapsody. they were coming up with anthems the way superhero movies come up with their group names. come a long way since the garage. it's fantastic. and while I know that some of y'all gonna call that nitpicking, I understand that there's actual behind-the-scenes stuff to it. latest movie goes way back to when Sasha Baron Cohen was supposed to do it. and that man would have killed it. if you haven't seen Sasha do his more serious roles, he can sing, he can act, he can definitely look a lot like Freddie Mercury. but then the rest of the band hit him with a big no after his pitch. and since he was under pressure, he just left. and I think much of it, because if you know Sasha Baron Cohen, you know he's made some projects that are really out there. so when people are saying that he wanted it to be a hard-r and it was supposed to be super wild, almost disrespecting the legend, I can see how it could have gone overboard. so instead they went for Dexter Fletcher, who did Eddie the Eagle. but then another one bit the dust and he was gone. they then get Brian singer, who loves working with young talent. but then in the middle of filming, after getting like two-thirds of the movie done, do just stop showing up? because he was having conflict with some of the people, he got fired, causing them to call Fletcher backup to finish it. that's why I give a big shout out to this dude, because he didn't even care that he was getting credit. my man just wanted to make sure that the film about this legend was done. that's a real one right there, unlike other directors. but then that took me back to the Sacha Baron Cohen scenario, right? about him quitting because he was having problems with the band, and then the band just saying that he was going to disrespect Freddie Mercury. but what if the band was lying? and what if some of those lies made it to the movie? hear me, I remember. and Straight Outta Compton, how all the surviving members, or most of the surviving members, got a say in the movie as producers. and because of that, some of the incidents involving dr. Dre just got rushed over. meanwhile, there's a fabricated scene of the late eazy-e staring up at a chronic poster in despair. and he's just full of jealousy. the chronic wasn't even out yet. point is that the living get to tell your stories, and sometimes, if they're the ones who are in the movie, they get to switch or omit things for their benefit. there's even another movie out there called beautiful boy that I may make a video on, that does the same thing of having the story sway one way because of the producer being able to tell you what to do. and my dudes in this movie come out looking like angels. compared to Freddy, they never late. they left the parties early. they were always looking squeaky-clean. how one of them, they didn't even look like a rockstar. Bichir H&amp;R block advisor. so when you realize that some things are made up, you definitely start feeling bamboozled. for example, it took me like 10 minutes to realize that this man right here was freaking Mike Myers, until I really listened into his voice. it's not a bra I haven't seen Mike Myers. and so long that to do turn into Walter from The Big Lebowski. and while his role does bring his Wayne's World role full circle, right like, I got the point of it, and I got what he was supposed to represent in the trial of the band. but considering that it's a biopic about the band, considering its supposed to be a true story, this dude ain't even a real person. is that gonna be a big deal to most you know, probably not, since most of us missed Mike and we're glad to see him again. but then you got that scene that builds up to the climax in IMAX, which y'all know I love. I mag sold that ending was incredible and I loved it. but that 20 minute sing-along scene for the Live Aid concert is preceded by a scene where Freddy tells his boys that he has AIDS. and not only did they lie about not having performed in years, even though they just finished doing it tour, but my dude wasn't even diagnosed till years later. so, from someone who loves the finality of this movie, what? now, yeah, I get that movies change of things all the time to manipulate or hide in emotions, right? and in this case, they decided to kind of move around some facts in order to really heighten up that scene at the end. but some people would say that, if it makes the ending worth the price then. so what I would say. so what about that breakup scene? remember when Freddy tells him he's about to go more solo than to rule? oh, and these dudes act like the slide sisters, talking about how their family's getting broken up, how they're so hurt, how they can't believe that he's leaving them in order to make his own. at these two already had their own. like, years before Freddy ever released his, these two had their own. so how y'all gonna make us see where you're blaming him for breaking up the band? there's a film where you do the very hedonistic, illicit, explicit, gratuitous side, but you don't get to celebrate this human being who means so much to so many people. I mean, what he is gonna be able to do for a new generation, give them the voice, make them feel Boldin and powerful. that's what you want to see, that aspect of his life. now, I agree with Rama's point, right? I didn't expect this movie to be a wild wolf of wallstreet party. I understand wanting to keep his legacy intact and wanting to make him an inspirational character. I mean, just look at the relationship with Mary, played by the girl who's never found a street that didn't involve singing. that was the best part of the movie. like, even though they broke up, and she knew Freddy's orientation was different, they still loved each other till the end. when Freddy got that team townhouse for his cats, he made sure his best friend had the house next door where they can replicate that Taylor Swift video. their relationship was so pure that she was the only one who didn't want to get fully involved with the production, cuz her love for him was for her. but these dudes over here, I'm not saying it's super malicious, right? there, clearly the people who were closest to him, right? they're the people who knew ambass, the people who loved him. but for a legendary figure, y'all gave him the solo effect. you know, he's supposed to be the sporadic, uncage spirit, and y'all made the most by the numbers movie it could possibly be. but if it's supposed to be a biopic, right, you definitely shouldn't be rearranging the truth. because if there's one person I wouldn't want to mess with, it's the dude who told his own mama that he killed the me right? unlike you assigned at TD, his souls gonna find you. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm here to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, I like this movie. I'm being critical of a movie that I like because I know it could be better. but I've still seen this movie twice. I recommend that. I just, I think it's kind of have the jobs effect. and where we talked about it on the intercom podcast you can check out right here in full. we had this discussion about how, if you remember that movie jobs, you know, wasn't the greatest movie. I don't think it was terrible. I think it had good intentions, but did the same thing, it mixed around some facts and timelines. but eventually, years later, we got Steve Jobs, which I think was one of the best movies of that year. so if something like that happens for Freddie, Mercury and Queen and where we get this one, but then years later we get like, I don't know, a really crazy artsy one, that'd be dope. I also think it's really interesting because there's a bunch of backstory that we may not know about Freddy, or crazier things to get into. you know, I didn't even know he was Indian. I thought my man was like a mystic vampire or something. so when I figured that out, I was like, damn. t-series. what a pass pewdiepie. you know, flash back then that, of course, to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. do those switches not mean anything to you? did you know about them? let me know your favorite queen song is stuff down below. and don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or Rama's twin will come after you. 