gamer wakes up and finds out the world is taken by a zombie virus and tries to survive alone. welcome to our channel scary recap. today, i'm going to explain a thriller drama movie called hashtag alive. spoilers ahead. keep watching till the end. [Music]. the movie begins in a dark apartment. it's illuminated mostly through the colorful lights of a computer gaming setup. on alarm rings, we see the sleepy face of oh john wu, the protagonist. his parents have already left for work. they left behind instructions for him. he's asked to get groceries for home with his sister. john wu is then seen starting off his day with his usual routine, playing games. he then turns on the tv and is met with some concerning news. he walks over to the balcony to see people being attacked by zombies. people's eyes are bleeding and they're attacking people. everybody appears to have developed cannibalistic urges. everyone is screaming. glass is shattering, sirens wailing. it's all a mess. cars tumble over sidewalks and fire engines clash with mobs of people. next you see a young girl rush into the arms of her mother, only to be bitten and infected by her. john wu watches this all from his flat, slack-jawed and horrified. he hears loud noises outside his apartment. as he opens the door to the hallway, his neighbor, lee sangol, barges in. the man pleads to let him stay. john wu doubts that his neighbor is bitten and tells the neighbor to leave. the man is very reluctant and pleads with june wu to at least let him use his toilet. when he comes out of the bathroom, his eyes are bloodshot, and it seems his transformation is almost complete. as mass hysteria explodes outside his apartment. june wu's brain connects the dots zombies, and that is when suddenly the neighbor succumbs to the infection. jun wu then gets out a knife. he asks him to get out when he shows symptoms of infection, but not before he entirely zombifies and tries to attack june wu. jun wu pushes him back out of the apartment unit and locks the door. joon wu then sees a larger zombie come and attack him. it kills the infected lee by beating him to death. blood flows down his door. june wu smartens up and blocks the door with the refrigerator. he then tries to reach his family a lot of times, but all to no avail. he then gets a message from his parents saying they are fine. we see a sign of relief on his face. the last text he receives from his mother reads, my son, you must survive. he hears the tv reporters say to make sure people have enough food supplies. he tries to ration the snacks at home, but this is very hard as they were limited to begin with. he regrets not getting enough groceries. joon wu seems like the sort of guy who'd barely be able to last a day without his mom making a meal for him. but he's left with no choice. he's in self-quarantine to keep the zombies from entering his apartment. the following day, he wakes up to a reporter on tv giving more information about the apocalypse. jun wu posts rescue requests on social media, although nobody responds. he also comes across a disturbing video of a rather stupid young man. he is seen hanging outside the terrace of a multiple story building with his phone attached to a selfie stick in a bid to get a signal. he receives a signal, only to lose it soon after. he then loses his hold and falls into the arms of eagerly waiting zombies. oh joon wu then goes on to use a drone. it'd have helped to identify clear areas, but stops his survey when he sees that his battery is now low. with nothing else left to do, junewoof falls asleep to distract his mind. he played video games, but the internet service dies too. he wakes up to odd noises and looks outside. he watches as a police officer shoots down two zombies. she tries to kill the zombies with a gun. however, he realizes the rifle is empty of bullets. the bullets fall to the ground as she tries to reload them, zombies drag her to the side. joon wu attempts to scare off the zombies nearly 100 meters away, by yelling at them, but they attacked the officer. this attracts the attention of a zombie. close to his house, a zombie bangs on the door jun wu takes a golf club for defense. the infected man breaks into the apartment, knocking over the fridge and destroying the food inside. june woo somehow manages to bait him into falling off the balcony. as he looks down, he sees many zombies, including the police officer he saw a while back. jun wu then secures the door in every way he could. he is unharmed. but it seems that his encounter with a zombie has reduced his ratio, as the little food in the fridge has all found its way to the floor. jun woo manages to post a cry for help on social media, despite the poor internet connection. he's next seen opening the cabinet to stay hydrated. he starts drinking out of his father's liquor. june woo smartly seals off the entire terrace. while eating the last noodles in the house, he accidentally knocks over the last water bottle, leaving the whole house devoid of water. his attempt to listen to the radio on his phone is foiled. he cannot get any wired earphones to serve as an antenna. all his earphones are wireless. on day 15, the curtains open. the room is very bright. jun wu is seen dancing and listening to music around his apartment, holding the liquor glass. jun woo seems a little crazy, or maybe just drunk, as he hallucinates, meeting his family. waking up from the hallucination, he is left very sad. he finally gets a call from his mother, but the signal is so bad he hardly hears a thing. he then pulls the stunt the stupid young man on the internet had pulled earlier. as he listens to the voicemail, he realizes that it's a recording of his family's last moments. he was stopped by the sounds of them being eaten alive by zombies. in his anger, he breaks things in his home. he then goes outside. there he sees a surprisingly slow zombie. he takes out his rage on the zombie using a golf club. he then encounters a zombie eating a person's gut. as a woman yells for help, it urges others to come too. not too long after, he is nearly swamped in a sea of zombies. he shockingly runs to get to his house alive. jun wu records a video of him saying goodbye. he steps on a chair and resorts to hanging himself out of grief. as he dangles from his noose he has tied, a laser light shines on his face. the beam guides to the word no on the writing on the wall. he struggles with the noose until he is freed, and watches the beam. it then points to different alphabets on the writings of the wall to spell the word [ __ ]. this is how we meet our female lead. it is kim yu bin. she lives in the flat adjacent to june wu's flat. jun wu, now freed from the noose, sees her. he waves to her excitedly. she greets back and gestures that they meet again by seven o'clock. we then see the home of you bin, candles lit. she's seen reorganizing her house into booby traps for zombies. she then drinks water, but as she sees her plant, she waters it. june wu wakes up by 11 o'clock. he realizes that he was supposed to meet her outside at seven. he gestures his apology and then projects his name on his phone. she reciprocates. after a brief attempt to communicate, they agreed to meet by seven o'clock. she hears a sound and runs in it to find the source. it shows one of her traps had trapped a zombie that made its way into her house. she then axed its head off. the following day, at the agreed-upon time, yoo-bin attempts to pass food over to jun wu. when she sees that he is hungry, she attaches a rope to a basketball. she then throws it across, hoping it gets into his home. the ball doesn't make it. june wu then uses his drone to give a rope to you bin. using the rope bridge, she passes him a container of snacks and a bottle of water. the ball with the rope that failed to make it across becomes a ladder for one of the zombies. jun wu gestures to her. before yoo bin could loosen the string that was fastened to her table, the zombie pulls on it. it sends the table flying in her direction, thus knocking her out. the zombie climbs the apartment to get to ubin. jun wu attempts to distract the zombie by throwing beer bottles. he then flies his drone close to it. the zombie destroys the drone in a fury. it gives you bin enough time to axe off the hand of the zombie. jun wu then goes to the other houses in search of food. he gets a wired earphone and also finds two walkie-talkies. soon he runs into some zombies and has to flee back home. he sends back the container you bin gave him with some food and the walkie talkie with the takis. they eventually start to communicate. they also make noodles together. while they talk, jun wu asks you bin to bring out basins as he can hear heavy sounds. he thinks it's raining. they look out at the terraces, but it's not raining. instead, they see a multitude of zombies running into both apartment complexes simultaneously. they both lie low and try to stay silent. the infected hordes looked agitated. yubin accidentally knocks over a shelf in her house. a crowd gathers at her door. however, june wu diverts their attention. he uses the apartment complex's phone system to call the unit next to hers. she gets ready to go, because she knows she'll be attacked by zombies. soon they suit up and repel from their balconies. she informs june wu that her destination is the eighth floor of his apartment complex. thinking no one lives on that floor, they both agree to go up. kim yoo bin uses the rope to rappel down from her balcony. she runs through the parking lot towards ojun wu's apartment complex. while being chased by zombies, she manages to get a revolver from the ground. junwoo runs out to help her, and they both narrowly miss being swamped by zombies. as they enter the elevator to the eighth floor. all is peaceful on the eighth floor. but this only lasted for a second. a zombie sees them and gathers other infected they were lurking in every corner, desperately looking for their next meal. a man throws smoke bombs at the zombies. he quickly opens his door and quickly pulls them in before they get eaten. he seems kind and offers them food, while telling them of a rescue team that he has seen come around. the two accept the stranger's food and water in his home. they are overjoyed, but it appears that their happiness is short because of the drugs in the food. jun wu falls asleep. yubin tries to fight the drug side effects. the stranger, on the other hand, binds their wrist. he confines yubin to a room with his infected wife. eubin screams. when the man releases his zombie wife on her to check on his wife. the stranger opens the door with you bin. she falls on him. she rescues herself by covering the infected wife's head with fabric. the man eventually dies by his own zombie-turned wife. ubin shoots both of them when the man surrenders to his wife's attack. this draws the attention of more zombies. the sight of the mangled pair hits you bin and jun wu, seeing the end so close, they decide to shoot themselves instead of getting bitten. you bin thrusts the gun into junwoo's hands. as he hesitates, helicopters pass outside. they struggle so hard to make it to the rooftop of the apartment. the zombies find their way to the rooftop too. they gradually creep closer and closer, just when they are about to be swapped by the zombies. the military appears in the chopper. they shoot at the zombies while helping them into the helicopter. inside the helicopter, oh joon wu and kim yu-bin become overjoyed and find out the phone connection has started working again. ojun wu finds out that his family is alive and safe. a news broadcast makes a public announcement that the military rescue is now active. anyone posted on social media for help is now being rescued. well, that's all for the video. make sure you subscribe for more of these 