Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to show you a mystery, action, crime film called \xe2\x80\x9cMinority Report.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. In the year 2054, three oracle-like beings called pre-cognitives or precogs appeared. The precogs have the ability to see glimpses of the future in visions and can see hours to even days ahead. An experimental branch of crime-fighting called the Department of Precrime is created, and they use the precogs in stopping murders before they occur. John Anderton is chief of the precrime division and personally leads a task force responding to potential murders. When the precogs have a vision of a murder, the visuals are transferred to a screen where the task force analyses the footage to determine the time and place of the murder. Every time a crime is confirmed to happen, two wooden balls are produced containing the names of the victim and the perpetrator. John arrives at the department and gets the first assignment for the day, a murder perpetrated by a man who has caught his wife having an affair. John sifts through the image, trying to determine the location of the crime. With careful deduction and attention to detail, John finds where the married couple is living. As they were preparing to disembark, Danny Witwer comes in from the Justice Department to do an inquest on the precrime department to look for any potential errors or flaws in the system. John and the team get into choppers and arrive at the neighborhood. John makes a last-minute analysis to pinpoint the couple\xe2\x80\x99s house. After identifying the correct house, he rushes in, barely making it in time and arriving just before the man stabs his wife. As John reprimands the perpetrator, the rest of the team burst in through the roof and they arrest the man. They place a technological halo on the man, rendering him catatonic. Back at the department, Danny notices the precogs having another vision of the same crime that John had just stopped. A cop explains that the precogs would sometimes have similar visions called echoes. The technician, Wally, then simply deletes these echoes. That night, John goes for a jog and finds his drug dealer. He gets his fit and heads back to his house. He plays a holographic recording of a young boy, his son Sean. John appears saddened and takes his drugs. He plays another hologram of his wife Lara, someone he clearly misses dearly. The following day, Lamar Burgess, the department director talks to John, expressing his concern about the inquest from the Justice Department. He warns John to keep watch on Danny as he could be a potential hurdle for the department\xe2\x80\x99s progression. At the main office, Danny chats with a few precrime cops while one of them explains the process of the precogs and precrime. Danny argues that the department isn\xe2\x80\x99t really arresting criminals as the crimes are never committed but John tells him that the precogs\xe2\x80\x99 visions are an absolute certainty. Danny then reveals that he\xe2\x80\x99s there on behalf of the country\xe2\x80\x99s attorney general and that the whole operation would now be under his supervision. The group heads into the precog chamber where the caretaker Wally immediately protests their presence. He explains to them that the precogs are extremely sensitive and that they\xe2\x80\x99ll have to be very quiet. Wally explains to Danny that the pond where the precogs are submerged not only serves as their main source of nutrients but also amplifies their abilities. The three precogs, Arthur, Dash, and Agatha, are kept in a dream-like state, never too awake, and never too asleep, as this has the best potential for their abilities. Agatha is the most gifted among the three but all of them are needed to create the best prediction of the future. Each of the precogs receives a vision stream and is combined. Danny explains that the precogs may be the next huge step for humanity and he\xe2\x80\x99s there to make sure the process is bulletproof, with no room for any error. The group leaves and John remains, staring at Agatha. Agatha suddenly wakes up and grabs John, hugging him. She asks him in a whisper if he can see and John looks at the screen to see a vision of a man drowning a woman. Agatha slips back into the water and Wally rushes in to help Agatha. Curious to know about what Agatha showed him, John heads to the containment room where the prisoners are kept in a catatonic sleeping state. He asks to see Agatha\xe2\x80\x99s visions of drowned victims and finds old precrime footage for Anne Lively. The murder had been prevented and the suspect is still being kept in the facility. The survivor Anne Lively was a drug addict and John finds her location is unknown. He heads to Lamar and tells him about what happened. Lamar brushes it off and changes the subject, talking about how he\xe2\x80\x99s heard reports that John has been seen in shadier parts of the city, alluding to his drug addiction. Lamar also brings up the importance of precrime and how it could change the country if brought to a national scale. Danny arrives at John\xe2\x80\x99s apartment and sees substances and evidence of his drug abuse. He also sees Sean\xe2\x80\x99s hologram recording. Back at the department, a new name appears from the precogs: Leo Crow. John analyzes the footage immediately. As he scrubs through the image, he\xe2\x80\x99s mortified to see that it\xe2\x80\x99s him who\xe2\x80\x99s supposed to kill Leo. Before the other technician sees, John grabs his name on the ball and swipes away the image. Distraught, John tries to review the image trying to see if there\xe2\x80\x99s some sort of error but the more he reviews the image, the more he sees that there is no mistake. He will indeed kill Leo. Wally from the precog chamber sees the image. He understands that he\xe2\x80\x99ll have to sound the alarm, but since John has been nice to him, he\xe2\x80\x99s willing to give him a few minutes to escape. On his way out, John runs into Danny in the elevator. Danny tries to confront him about what he found in John\xe2\x80\x99s apartment but John holds him at gunpoint and escapes. On the highway, John calls Lamar telling him he thinks Danny set him up. The crime makes no sense as it\xe2\x80\x99s supposed to happen in 36 hours and he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t even know who Leo is. John\xe2\x80\x99s car gets overwritten by precrime and he has to jump off. The precrime team prepares to hunt John and Danny wants to take over the operation. He tells Lamar that John\xe2\x80\x99s apprehension is now his concern as he\xe2\x80\x99s performing an investigation on the department. While John tries to make his way through a mall, he realizes that the retinal scan makes him an extremely easy target to find. Retinal scans at almost every door and entrance quickly identify anyone walking through. In the subway, precrime officers find John and he makes his way to an alley. Precrime cops are easy to swarm him but John tries to escape. Even with jetpacks, John still outmaneuvers and outsmarts the cops. He runs into Danny and the chase leads them to a car manufacturing plant where John and Danny get into a scuffle. John falls into the assembly line and ends up getting trapped inside a car. As the car finishes assembly, John drives off in it, leaving Danny and the rest. John heads to the precog\xe2\x80\x99s creators, Iris Hineman. He asks Iris if the visions can be faked. Iris laughs and tells John that the precog\xe2\x80\x99s creation was a complete accident. She was, in fact, trying to heal them but instead turned them into precogs. The precogs, as it turns out, come from drug junkie parents. They were only the three survivors out of a number of children who were born with severe brain damage. As Iris studied them, the children started having nightmares of murders. They realized that these were glimpses into the future. The point still stands, however, that the precogs\xe2\x80\x99 visions are real. Iris says that the precogs are never wrong, but adds that they may sometimes disagree. Iris explains that most of the time, all three of them see the same vision but once in a while, Agatha would see a different future. These, so-called, minority reports are immediately destroyed upon detection as precrime can\xe2\x80\x99t have a system that would instill doubt. This indicates that alternate futures are possible, and not all murder suspects could have actually committed the crime. John is dumbfounded by this revelation as it would make the precrime system collapse. John now decides to try and find his alternate future, his minority report, where he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t kill Leo. The report still lies within Agatha. Danny and the precops are analyzing the visions, trying to find out what John is going to do next. Danny predicts John would still try to prove his innocence. John finds his way to an underground surgeon and has his eyes replaced so that he won\xe2\x80\x99t get identified when he makes his way into the department. After the procedure, John has to keep his eyes covered as it still needs time to heal. John falls asleep and has a dream about his son Sean. In his dream, John and Sean are having fun at a public pool, playing games. They contest with each other who could hold their breath the longest underwater. When John surfaces, Sean is gone. He tries looking for him in the crowd but Sean is nowhere to be seen. John wakes up screaming Sean\xe2\x80\x99s name and stumbles his way to the kitchen. Precops arrive at the building John\xe2\x80\x99s staying at and send robotic spiders to scan the eyes of everyone in the building. John hears the announcement and tries to block the spiders from entering his room but the spiders find a way in. He then goes to the bathroom and tries to submerge himself in a bathtub to hide but the spiders still find him. The spiders electrocute him, forcing him to have his eye scanned. He pries his bandage open and painfully tries to open his eyes. A spider scans his eye and it reads him as a different person. At the precrime department, Danny is still analyzing the footage of the precog vision and he sees there\xe2\x80\x99s a woman in the room with John and Leo. John makes his way into the building through maintenance corridors and arrives at the precog chamber. Danny recognizes the woman in the vision as Agatha and realizes John is coming to get her. John orders Wally to rewind the visions but Danny and the team arrive. Danny smashes the window but John drains the pool, grabbing Agatha, and escaping down the drain. John drives with Agatha and he tries to ask her about the vision of him killing Leo but she responds incoherently. John then heads to a virtual reality hub and finds Rufus. At the virtual reality hub, they plug Agatha in and she shows them the vision of Leo and John. The vision plays out the same way as before, ending with John shooting Leo. John then asks Agatha if he has a minority report but Agatha answers no. John learns that he is indeed supposed to kill Leo. Agatha once again shows the vision of a drowned woman and the killer. John and Rufus watch but before the killer reveals himself, precops arrive. John and Agatha have to escape again, making their way through a crowded mall. They find themselves at the building where John would kill Leo and see there is only 12 minutes before the designated time. John and Agatha enter the building and make their way up to the room where the murder would supposedly take place. John examines the room and sees a bed full of pictures. He approaches it and sees it full with pictures of children. He finds a string of photographs showing Leo and Sean together. John realizes that him murdering Leo is no accident at all. He accepts his fate and when Leo arrives, John attacks him. Leo admits to killing Sean and John pummels him. John then pulls out his gun and points it at Leo. He is about to pull the trigger, but stops and instead places Leo under arrest. John cries as he reads Leo his Miranda Rights but Leo looks puzzled. Leo asks if John is going to kill him and John answers no. Leo then admits to John that somebody contacted him and paid him and his family if he allows John to kill him. He says that he was released from prison and that a lot of money will go to his family if he gets John to kill him. John is confused and asks Leo about the pictures. He admits they were fake and starts begging John to kill him. The two get into a scuffle and John ends up accidentally pulling the trigger and shooting Leo, fulfilling his destiny. He and Agatha then flee. Danny and the team catch up, and Danny immediately recognizes the scene as being too convenient. He argues there is too much evidence at the crime scene and immediately suspects something awry. Danny meets with Lamar and tells him he feels going after John is the wrong decision. Danny shows Lamar two copies of Anne Lively\xe2\x80\x99s murder; one from precrime, and the other from the virtual reality hub. He compares the two, and shows Lamar that there are small differences in the two footages. He suspects that the two visions are two completely separate crimes made to look similar. The technician would have figured it was only an echo and would have deleted it. Danny suspects that for this to happen, someone would just have to hire someone else to kill Anne Lively. The precogs would detect it, and precops would swoop in to prevent the crime and take the suspect away. The mastermind could then come in, dress the same way, and do the exact same crime. The precogs might detect it but a technician would probably think it an echo and delete it. Lamar nods understandingly, then pulls out a gun and shoots Danny. Danny finally realizes who\xe2\x80\x99s behind everything but can only stare as Lamar closes in and shoots him in the head. John arrives at his ex-wife Lara\xe2\x80\x99s house to hide. Unbeknownst to John, Lara had called Lamar letting him know that John had arrived with Agatha. John and Lara talk by the pier, and John finally realizes why he had been set up. It was all about Anne Lively. Agatha then tells John about seeing Sean's possible future from his adolescence up to his early adulthood. John and Lara listen intently, breaking down in tears. Agatha then reveals to John that Anne Lively is her mother. Before Agatha could reveal her mother\xe2\x80\x99s killer, precops arrive and capture John. In his house, Lara and Lamar speak and in an attempt to comfort Lara, Burgess accidentally reveals himself as the killer by disclosing details about the crime only the killer would know. As Lamar prepares for his celebratory banquet dinner, Lara heads to precrime to free John. After finishing his congratulatory speech, Lamar receives a phone call and is shocked to hear it\xe2\x80\x99s John. John reveals Lamar\xe2\x80\x99s plan by streaming the video of Anne Lively\xe2\x80\x99s death at the banquet, and the entire crowd sees Lamar as the killer. In the department, the precogs see a vision of Lamar killing John. Lamar then comes face to face with John and is now left with a choice: kill John and prove that the precogs work, or don\xe2\x80\x99t shoot John and disprove the precogs. Lamar then decides to shoot himself, and as the precops arrive, Lamar falls to the floor. Time passes and the precrime division is placed on permanent hold. John and Lara cradle one another, finding meaning in the future, hoping it would still hold something for them. The precogs are removed from the Department of Precrime and placed in a safe environment where they could live the rest of their lives in peace. 