welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian season two, episode six. we start with mando and baby ota hanging out in space. he's calling him by his name now, grosgu. and baby oda loves it. okay, i'll call him grogu. they make it to the planet with the ancient jedi stone circle. if you put grogu on there, he's supposed to be able to long distance call to other jedi. grogu's not really sure how to turn it on, though. and just then a ship shows up, so it's like, come on, we gotta go. but, oh, he activated it. surrounded by a force field now. so amanda's gotta protect him. but if you're a big star wars fan, you recognize that ship. it belongs to the boba fett. yes, he followed him here. and if you weren't sure this was boba fett, he literally says, what's up? my name's boba fett. he's like, mando, i'm here for my arma. but you know, armando, if you ain't officially mandalorian, he'd rather die than hand over any mess car. boba fett's brought a friend with him though. it's the elite assassin mando fought on tatooine last season. yes, she was shots and left for dead, but we saw someone rescue her at the end of that episode. turns out it was boba fett. her name's fennic shannon, by the way, and she was shot in the stomach, but now she's got like robot stomach. cool. just then, though, another ship's flying in. mando's like, yo baby, yoda. we gotta go. but, oh, can't get through that force field. and indeed, this new ship is full of stormtroopers. so it's an epic shootout as they're defending the cliff. now, boba fett's been carrying this weird looking stick. is that even a practical weapon? oh, smack, yeah. he goes on our rampage with this thing. yeah. stormtrooper armor is designed to deflect laser blasts. this thing breaks it right apart. then, after taking out a bunch of stormtroopers with nothing but his bathrobe and a stick, he sees his armor fenix, and is a badass too, kicks this rock down to take out the gatling gun. then, oh, the feet away shot. sweet. she's way outnumbered though. things look bleak, till mando shows up with his whistling birds. wow. yes. these two make an awesome pairing, taking out stormtroopers. they're still way outnumbered though, so things look bleak. but then what's this? boom. it's boba fett back with his armor. oh my god, kicking more ass than we could have imagined. super sweet, live action. it's kind of a writing star wars joke that in the original trilogy he looked super badass, but never did anything, except for the one fight where he immediately gets knocked into the sarlacc pit. but he has fully redeemed himself here. boba fett, confirmed badass. with one rockets, takes out both stormtrooper ships. alright, but wait, what's this? a big laser from space? and no, the razer crest completely demolished. mando just had that thing repaired. it's like when you get a car wash and it rains the next day. the big laser came from moff gideon's big old ship, hanging out in low orbit. he's like, send it down the dark troopers, yes, confirmed, that's what those things were. seems like they're super hardcore elite forces droids with jetpack feats. so they go on right down there. surround baby yoda. he just finished his long distance call, so it's all tuckered out. mando's racing up there to get him, but he's too late. these dark troopers kidnap baby yoda. so amanda's digging through the remains of his ship. it is unsalvageable. he finds the little stick shift knob that baby yoda loved. oh, so sad. he also finds, though, his sweet ass baskar steel spear. and it's like, yo, i'm gonna hunt them down and get my baby yoda back. boba fett and fennick are like, yo, bro. so i assume you need a ride. boba fett, by the way, does the sci-fi equivalent of showing mando the tag on the shirt that has got his name written on it in sharpie. it's always been questionable in star wars lore whether boba and jango fett were really mandalorians. it depends what source you consider canon. but this shows canon for sure. and it's like, yeah, my father, jango, was a foundling just like you. he fought in the mandalorian civil war. so we're full on mandos. so amanda's got two new friends now. somehow even cooler than carl weathers and cara dune. in fact, amanda goes to see them. turns out carrot dune did accept the sheriff's badge. she's officially working for the new republic. now, mano's like, good cause. i need you to abuse that power and help me break someone out of prison. it is bill burr character named mig mayfield, the sharpshooter that mando did that prison break episode with. cara dune's like, yo, i'm an official cop now. i can't just help you break people out of prison. but when he tells her they took baby yoda, it's like, oh, i'm in so now in space, it's moth gideon really dressing the part like darth vader in his cell. baby yoda's tossing these stormtroopers around. oh, man, force choking. um, yeah. baby yoda going to the dark side. yeah. he's real strong in the force. but after tossing these guys around, he's all tuckered out. buff gideon taunts him a bit and whips out the darksaber. oh, that thing is so cool. it's like, let the doctor know we've got our donor back. yeah, you know, he wants those horsepowers for himself. so they put baby yoda in the cutest, tiny little shackles, and that's where the episode comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 