listen. so netflix saw how badly hbo dropped the ball with snyder and decided to give the man 90 million dollars plus to create his own zombie franchise. they already green lit a prequel, an animated series. they started an entire snyder school of filmmaking. and meanwhile, at t's warner media and discoveries are creating a standalone company by combining operations to form a new global leader in entertainment. warner brothers has been aggressively, um anti-snyder, if you will. now it's not connected to his debut feature, dawn of the dead, which i still think is his best zombie flick. but it is a project that homage is everything. it's a bakana buffet of genres that's going to be expanded through several projects. and at least he can say the great thing about netflix in this movie is that you got to see the snare cut of this movie, like pretty much you don't have to wait four years. let me explain. so snyder first developed this idea of a zombie heist movie that takes place in las vegas over a decade ago, and where a wealthy entrepreneur named tanaka approaches ex-soldier scott ward to assemble a league in order to extract 50 million dollars held up in a vault to one of his casinos. problem is, the fallout in vegas is so bad with all these mutant zombies that, besides it being walled off, the government is looking to nuke vegas. so it's pretty much a squad and a suicide mission. it's the air cut. via snyder, yeah, we'll probably die in the team. we have tagnotaro's mary ann peters, who plays the pilot that's supposed to carry 50 million dollars in cash and a bautista out of this city no problem, in a rinky-dink copter. what a hunk of junk. spend all his money on that [ __ ] miniature. not as much as they spun on your green screen. honestly, if you didn't know about her being swapped in for the previous actor, i don't know that you'd really notice it. you know, there are some shots where they did a great job, and i think it looks pretty seamless. and then there are others where, if you are looking for it, you will find some minor issues, but not as much as the last guy, raul castillo, who's always a pleasure to see homie get more work. plays mikey guzman, the zombie influencer who would be taking more shots of himself than he does the zombie brains. make sure to like and subscribe. he also brings with him his buddy, chambers, played by samantha nguyen, who in real life is a double gold medalist and wushu and has done a lot of stunt work in previous snyder flicks. and now she gets to tell being an actress. but y'all did her dirty. see. tanaka also sent one of his minions, martin, to oversee the entire group. and in one of the scenes, she tells him to go first because she doesn't really trust him. but it doesn't really make sense, since he's the one who's leading the way. and so he dupes her into walking into zombies. i legit. didn't want her to be the first to die, and thought that she was going to go full tires, which she almost does. but then this bit happens when she's literally right in front of her group, fully loaded, and no one helps her. like, look, i know the movie shot to be blurry, but they could have clearly helped her when they were in the same hallway, like look at this. yeah, later on they got the daughter character turning into deadshot in an even smaller hallway. both of these two deserve better. the person who escorts them into the city is lily, aka coyote, a smuggler for the quarantine camps that are set up on the outskirts of the city. she's the one who informs the team of the hierarchy that these alpha zombies have as they're smarter, faster and can grow hair, just, you know, no mustaches. since it is a snyder film, obviously, tanaka has some military personnel on call, and she's the one who realizes what the real plan is, that they're not really there for the money, but are there to retrieve the alpha queen's head so that the government can re-experiment and probably recreate more mutant soldiers, since it's always all about super soldiers. but luckily, she gets ahead of the plan and thwarts it, stopping them from unleashing this weapon of mass destruction, and leading martin dominion to his second on-screen death by a titan. amazingly, this isn't the first time i've been killed by a tiger on a movie, but it is the first time i've been killed by a zombie tiger. then there's the heist boys. there's ludwig, the german safecracker, who i know did a lot of improv for his lines in this movie, so it'll be interesting to see how he handles starring and directing for the first time the prequel film called army of thieves that follows all of his past heists. but it's just funny to see the guy who was folding socks on the mission getting this much attention. see zeus, the alpha zombie they keep running away from, is played by the stunt dude who did the batman warehouse scene. and we see him here taking on omari, snapping bautista, sidestepping bullets, hell, taking them to the face. and somehow this dude, wearing flats and a polo, has the strength to knock him out. man omari plays vandro, who, i'm not gonna lie, he's not the most fleshed out character. like, literally, we don't even see how it's taken out of him. but his presence, you know, it just has a lot of power to it. what's up bro, bro. picture, he ends up being one of the only ones to survive, with the indication being that he's going to bring the alpha genes into the real world, which is what ana's character wanted to do with bautista. maria is his partner and the first recruit who agreed to get a bigger cut than the rest of the crew. but she's honestly looking to go 50 50. that is the most money i've ever held in my hand. i'll take it if you don't want it. that's cool. i got it. are i got it? legit. that that is one of the most awkwardly honest lines in the entire movie. but, uh, sadly, it's followed up by one of the corniest. i came here for you. i thought we could have had something, but then you just went away, ma'am. we, we're in a zombie-infested city that's about to get nuked, and we're catching feelings. and it's not that i've been waiting, you know, i haven't. i'm happy, you know. sure. sadly, this is the most neck bautista gets as he has to rush to save his daughter once again. and that's really what was meant to be the core of the movie. i swear to god, if this whole mission is some insane way for you to reconnect with your daughter, it's not right. trust me. if you follow snyder's work, you know how much he leans into the themes of fatherhood and the responsibilities that come with it. and this relationship was interesting. it's not the fact that you killed my mother. okay? see, she ends up joining the groups, and she volunteers at the detainee camp outside of vegas and wants to help find her friend who went missing. but can you just imagine seeing the captain, you know, the one who's meant to be leading you into a zombie-infested city that's about to get wiped off the face of the earth, getting yelled at by his daughter, kate, you're not coming. i'm not asking you. i'm telling you what's gonna happen. it's kate, newest member of the team. how's it going? luckily, she is one of the few who's able to survive the evil authorities of this world, a nuclear blast, a helicopter crash and the king of the dead, in order to get this poetic ending. and where after not talking to her father due to him putting her mother down. she then gets to put him down. what happened to them? exactly what's he look like? weren't smart enough to get out of the sun. you should see what happens when it rains for a few hours. they'll come back to life. well, i guess that's for the sequel. now, when it comes to future installments and the expansion of this world, i think the best part is the creation of all the creatures. they definitely put their money to good use on the makeup and practical effects with the zombies. they did an entire vr recreation of las vegas that they could use for anything. they zombified a real horse and a tiger. my team, uh, my crack visual effects team, went down to carol baskin's place down in, uh, florida, and, um, they used the actual her tigers. they actually made it out though. i know that they shot this one in atlantic city, which is already a zombieland, but i didn't know, until after the fact, that zach was actually the cinematographer, like it was back in his commercial days. and even left an easter egg of him in a mirror shot to let you know. and also some dead pixels to prove he didn't fat go digital. cats. that's the one, all right, printed or, uh, i guess it's digital, so don't print it. but we've got it right. if you felt it looked blurry, it was on purpose, with the specific lenses that he chose. you know, i guess homie saw son of saul and wanted to recreate that. you wanted to to have this like, intimate type of feel with it. and i it kind of works when it comes to the zombies in the background and them being blurred out. it kind of builds that anxiety. but also, considering it's a group flick, it kind of just comes off like that justice league ending clip. and sometimes it was too blurry. it is snyder, so, lord knows, there's a lot of religious imagery in this movie. the squad in the beginning is referred to as the four horsemen. he's talked about the location of las vegas being the epitome of both good and evil. there's the emphasis on omari's final speech and the contrast between the alpha and the omega. a lot of religious stuff where, you know, the undead have come back to life. so i don't know what book that's been mentioned in. but hey, it's always going to find a way. it's a free country. people can look at whoever they want. actually, it's not a free country. we're not in america anymore, haven't you heard? which technically makes it an even freer country, right? didn't y'all pay a tax when y'all came in? i know that one of the biggest draws for a lot of snyder fans with this movie was that it was refreshing to see a flick with no politics. no, i was definitely loaded with them. whether it's as much, that's another thing i felt like to really do the genre correctly, you have to social commentary is at its heart and at its roots. really, romero um really, you know, took the zombie genre and and made great social commentary about, you know, mass consumerism or what have you. there were a lot of overt references on the news to people marching the capital due to the nukes, flipping an easter quote from last year to be about the cool fireworks that the president sees. and he literally even hired two real-life pundits from opposite ends to argue on screen, which to me just sounds like a paycheck for both of them. there was a lot of anti-government energy all throughout the movie, with lily even wearing a band shirt from the exploited whose hit single is. but with all the emphasis put on these quarantine camps, i wish we at least got resolutions for the detainees who were used as literal plot points. it is an overt border analogy, which i personally am always skeptical of, because i see a lot of these movies just bringing up the issue as an easy way to reference real world events without actually saying much. especially when you consider that both latinos in the movie get unnecessarily sacrificed. and and then you name lilith the coyote, a moniker used for border guides who smuggle in immigrants. yeah, it does come off a little like set dressing. major coyote. does kayode have a name, lily, but coyote sounds cool. you can just call me that if you want. i don't think there's anything wrong with calling out an atrocity in a movie, but i've just seen so many people mention border issues with such care. yeah, when it comes to anything else dealing with mexicans, but netflix has been doing an insane job at trying to promote this thing. you know, it's like they're making up for hbo, since they have more twitter accounts. and there are zombies in this movie, but the posts are kind of pointless and honestly cringey. like there's this one that calls out the weird job zombies had beforehand, you know, like banker, chef, an elvis impersonator in vegas. i guess their connection is that zombies are taking the jobs. in terms of the zombie origins, they claim they'll be expanding more details in the series on whether they were made in a military base, or if they're just some form of alien zombies that came from the sky, as we see with the flashing lights in the opening shot. thus, it would be homaging romero's og knight of the living dead, which actually kind of mentioned that. why are space experts being consulted about an earth-bound emergency? so far, all the betting on the answer to that question centers on the recent explorer satellite shot to venus. that's the space vehicle which orbited venus and then was purposely destroyed by nasa when scientists discovered it was carrying a mysterious high-level radiation with it. could that radiation be somehow responsible for the wholesale murders we're now suffering? will they keep pushing the idea of making them weapons? or will van der rohe's character bring them to the forefront, considering he made it out bitten? will they become their own species? they get integrated into society? or will they keep changing the rules for how you become an alpha, so whoever that is, i think if he bites you, then you become an alpha. also, there's all the other stuff that zach always keeps coming back to. there's also the time loop theory that snyder keeps hinting at, and where the team just keeps returning to this mission after every explosion. you know, those clues littered throughout, with this being the fourth loop. when you compare cruz's necklace on her corpse, which goes from three holes to the living one having four, there's the themes of four just biblically representing birth, whereas in japan it represents death. just a bunch of continuity things that can be solved by just defaulting to this theory. shot it three times, actually, it was four i personally see the whole moment with the corpses, like the heist breakdown that gets visualized. it's not real. it just serves a metaphor for the dirty work that they do. it's, in my opinion, the best political point that he makes, which is calling out the higher ups, all the politicians and the rich, who use the lower class to do their bidding, be it through corporate work, extensive labor war. and like a loop, it happens over and over and over again. or it could just be calling out those above who, you know, don't support your vision. suck it, warner brothers, suck it. uh, wow. uh. his words, not mine, but, uh, yeah. second warner brothers. overall, snyder is that one director, who love him or hate him, always finds a way to get his visionary visions visualized. in my opinion, why not all of them stick? he's always had that massive support amidst all the ups and downs that he's faced in his career, all of the backlash that he's gotten from the massive projects that he's worked on. but his crazy ideas always find a way to see the dawn of day. and that's thanks to his army of the lip is zack snyder, nice. no, he's a jackass. thank you all for watching this video. i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. there is so much of this army of the dead content that netflix keeps pushing, like so i feel like it was in their contract to just make like 76 youtube videos on the show. um, i'm very curious to see what they're gonna be doing with this in the future. i hope that it delivers in the world that they're trying to expand. because at a certain point, once you start answering questions the like nine theories that you have for this movie, you know, not all of them are gonna suffice. uh. i know that it's not connected to dawn of the dead, which, again, to me, is still the superior zack snyder zombie flick. it is my personal favorite from his filmography. and there were even references to it in this movie, with the phone calling back to the 2004 events, which i thought was really cool. i personally am excited for the animated series. it's coming from j oliva, who's directed several dcau films. so i'm pretty excited for that. i'm curious to know anybody else's thoughts down below, any theories, who your favorite character was, where you see this going, any and all stuff dealing with army of the dead. there there's a lot to be discussed. but until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and bautista will make you a lobster roll. 