[Music]. morale engines is the latest Peter Jackson epic that is based on the book of the same name and directed by Christian rivers. the film's ending has a lot to unpack from it. and throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything that you need to know about the movie and the differences in it to its source material. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want the book or movie room for you, then I highly suggest that you turn it off now. but everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to. the movie follows Hester Shaw as she attempts to assassinate London's leader, Thaddeus Valentine, sure once, revenge for Valentine killing her mother, and for the fact that he is attempting to take down the wall using powerful technology called Medusa. Medusa is a quantum energy blaster that has serious firepower and was able to level the majority of the world in an event known as the 60-minute war. in this battle, America and Asia were left uninhabitable after the majority of them used their nuclear arms against each other, destroying themselves in the process. Valentine wants to use Medusa to destroy the shield wall protecting a stationary society, to gain their resources. in the film's finale, however, the plot is foiled by Shaw and her ally, Tom Nats worthy. and that doesn't mean that everything is over. Valentine is in fact revealed to be Shores father, and she was conceived after her mother and Valentine ended up in a relationship when working together on aspects of Medusa. Valentine deserted his family in a mad dash for power. after gaining a position within London, Valentine killed Shaw's mother when Shaw's mother found the computer brain for Medusa, and scarred Shaw in the process. at the end of the film, Shaw takes up Valentine atop another airship, where she is saved by Tom, who sends Valentine's crafts towards the ground where it is crushed by London's treads just before it stops, killing the villain in the process. this drastically improves the world in several ways and showcases a bright future just on the horizon. London was initially a superpower, but with it now stripped away, the world can breathe a sigh of relief. the movie clearly has many metaphors for climate change and environmentalist we'll love seeing the eco-warriors win in the end. personally, I believe that Valentine short-sighted view can be seen as similar to many of our world leaders who refuse to admit that we are killing the planet, and that if we don't take drastic measures to stop it, then the consequences will be severe. it's a strong message that showcases that we must think of the greater good and not our own selfish desires, as they can ultimately lead to our own destruction. London dismantles other cities in order to thrive. and to me, this highlights how evil the war for oil was, as well as how Greek can ultimately lead us down a dark path. whilst the book was published in 2001, its messages still sound strong today. but Jackson &amp; Co did change F a lot about it in order to adapt it for the screen. the most noticeable change is sure scar, which in the source material is described by Tom as too disfiguring to even look at. to me, the film version may be more audience friendly, but it slightly strips the character of the strength that she possesses, as in the book, she spends the majority of it repulsing people. the twist about Valentine being Shores father is actually told at the beginning and isn't really used as a reveal, as it's just part of the plot. I can see why they switch the order for the screen now. but other major differences include Catherine's death, which is caused by Ballantine in the book, whereas in the film, she lives Morel engines. the book is followed by its sequel, predators gold. and in that Tom and shore travel to America and other part of the world that were deemed uninhabited. when making the film, Peter Jackson stated that he actually prefers the sequels over mortal engines. so this definitely seems like an avenue that could be travelled down should interest in the film pick up. however, as of this video, the movie has grossed a mere 22 million dollars of its one hundred and fifty million dollar budget. so it seems unlikely. personally, I'd love to see what else this universe can offer, or I highly doubt that we will get much more beyond the booths there already being published. so what are your thoughts on mortal engines. did you enjoy it? and what would you hope to see in a sequel? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this weekend's other big movie, Aquaman. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to this. I've been definition you've been the past. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 