welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and we have some big MCU news that could hint at the return of danos. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down a deleted Avengers and game scene that hints at how he can come back, as well as giving our theories on what could be going on with the character. this is a really fun theory that's just started picking up a lot of steam. and obviously, I'd loved here you were thoughts in the comments below. now, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you're one of the people that got dusted during the snap and haven't had a chance to check out the movie yet, then this is your time to turn off. we'll be still here, though. then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the channel for marble videos every week. without the way. thank you for clicking this. let's get into our breakdown white Thanos could come back to the MCU. okay, so Avengers infinity war ended with Danis collecting all six Infinity stones and then carrying out the snap that would end half of all life in the universe it's follow-up Avengers endgame, send it around the surviving heroes collecting the stones once more. and at the end of the movie, they reverse the snap to bring everyone back. now pay attention to this, because it becomes important later, and it sort of sets up the rules for exactly how things could work. after Hulk carried out the snap, though it did seem like things were going to be all sunshine and rainbows. the 2014 version of Thanos came through the quantum realm on a quest to once more take the stones, only this time he was gonna end all life and start anew. which, yeah, can we do that? because 2020 sucks. anyway, the heroes, most notably Ironman, managed to defeat Thanos by carrying out their own snap, which dusted the villain in his army, the Adonis. initially seems like he's fully dead and gone. when we think about how the rules of the snap operate, it becomes clear that he's actually not. now I did a tweet about this last week and discussed how, if it's possible to bring back those that have been dusted, then surely Thanos can come back too. well, coincidentally, there's actually a deleted scene from Avengers endgame, which is slowly starting to circulate online, that seems to back this up. we can't play the scene here because of copyright reasons. if you want to check it out, it's available in full on Disney plus. the scene titled Hulk meets the ancient one, plays out much like how the one in the final cut does. however, it has some additional dialogue in which the sorcerer supreme states how the snap actually worked and what it did. she says that Dan'l's didn't actually kill anyone. he just willed them out of existence, and that it is possible to bring people back, should enough will be forced through in an equal and opposite reaction. the full quote by the character is, if someone dies, they will always die. death is irreversible. but then us not. those you've lost are not dead. they've been willed out of existence. they can be willed back, but it doesn't come cheap. she then goes on to explain the branching timelines that we saw in the movie, but this statement does have a lot to take from it. this confirms that Thanos is not actually dead, and instead, he simply been wheeled out of existence. so we can take from this that it is possible that anyone who is killed during a snap can be brought back. and all it requires is the will power to do so. then I'll snow tably said that he was the only person that possessed the will to end half of all life in the universe. and thus we can take from this that if someone has the drive to do something with the stones, they can. so hypothetically, if one were to reverse the snap carried out by Tony, then Thanos could indeed return, along with his army and forces. now what this does is that it opens the character up to be able to return, should a villain or even hero wish to bring him back. this creates several avenues for his resurrection. and the new Disney plus scene definitely has a lot to impac from it. there were currently rumors floating around that Dennis will be returning in the Eternals. and though this is just thought to be a cameo at the start in which we see a younger version of the character, down the line, Marvel may wish to bring him back fully. I would love it if he was brought in to fight Galactus or another villain. and it would be great to see him teaming up with the Avengers, though, with him still wanting to pretty much wipe out all life in the galaxy, I really can't see it. but yeah, he could come back. now this doesn't open the door for other characters to return, as the ancient one does say that if someone dies, they will always die, that death irreversible. so now we probably won't be seeing Tony Stark back. it also explains how Hulk was unable to bring Black Widow back, and she had to fully sacrifice herself in order to get the soul stone. whether she's gonna return after the events of her solo movie is a matter for another video. but those are the rules and how they stand at the moment. however, Thanos didn't actually fully die, and he could indeed return, should the studio need him for a plotline. now, another theory that I had dropped on one of my videos that I haven't been able to stop thinking about comes from the docking. the user said that it is possible that dannis created a fake reality in which the Avengers thought that they won. and this has just made me question absolutely everything. potentially, it could have happened all the way back in infinity war, after Thanos carried out the snap, he could have gone to the garden, kept the gauntlet, and then when the group arrived to seek vengeance in endgame, they simply walked into an illusion in which they killed him, much like how Gamora did in the prior movie. he could have also taken the goal at the end of endgame, and when wearing it, decided that he would just create a fake, alternate version of the truth in which the Avengers would I know it's probably not true, as strange you would have seen all this, and it's unlikely that Marvel would want to ruin the highest-grossing movie of all time. but these things, they are, they are fun to think about. what if 2020 is just fake darkness reality? what? in summary, though Thanos is indeed still able to come back, another character has been wheeled out of existence, that doesn't mean he can't be willed back, I guess. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these theories. and if you want to see the big bad of the Marvel Universe back with the land of the living, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up and make sure you check out our breakdown of the entire MCU infinite. you saw a timeline, which is going to be linked at the end. we go over the entire chronology of the movie, scene by scene. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want something else to watch. if you want to support a channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and there's a thank you. you get access to content early. we're gonna come chat to us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people our subscribe to the channel. and this month, e can win the MC u infinity saga box set. and all you had to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos he comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of July, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get to the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. [Music], you 