welcome to the man who recaps. this is Westworld, season 3, episode 5. the episode starts with a little more backstory of Ciroc. he and his brother escaped the nuking of Paris, and they saw all the chaos in the world. they wanted to control it, make the world a better place. in the presents, trucks got a cool watch that doesn't tell the time. it shows him, however. ho blooms doing like if everything's chill right now, or if there's any anomalies going on. he's talking to the president of Brazil, warning him about an uprising that Rehoboam predicted. and the senior shows us how powerful Ciroc is. he's talking down to this guy, like, look how we got you elected. if you don't fix this, we'll get your replacement in here stack. now, Dolores and Caleb of just kidnapped Liam Dempsey. she wants his access key into her poem. Dempsey stabs Caleb with the one weapon he has on him, the party drug genre that his friend gave him back at the party. Dolores tree captures him real quick, and they're moving on. but now Caleb's having a wild drug trip. he's in the black-and-white movie. they catch an uber, but surak's men have found him. they control the whole system, including these self-driving cars, so they pull him over. Dolores convinces Dempsey that they're not here to save him. he's become a liability. surak's gonna kill him now. so he uses his access. they take the car offline, and Dolores is driving. now, there's no steering wheel, by the way. she's just giving the car voice commands, like accelerated, turn left and stuff. but now that they're in a car chase, Caleb's drug trip is switching genres. yeah, he's in an action movie now. Dolores hands him a big gas gun and is like, your kid, have some fun. unfortunately, he misses, but it's coming back for him. yeah. it's targeted. boom, blows up the car. they finally pull over, and other cars come in, Adam, but Dolores called in reinforcements. yes, it's her trusty motorcycle. boom, here to save the day again. but now Caleb's trip is switching genres again, into a romance. yeah. he's fallen for Dolores. like, who is this crazy, awesome chick they called in some more backup to Caleb's criminal friends. what's up, guys. Dolores sends Dempsey's access key to the other Dolores, Scottish security guy. he's got Bernard with him, not here to hurt him, but to explain Dolores his plan. she's gonna send everyone Bravo balm data on themselves, so everyone gets a text showing them the entire outline of their lives. and realizing that you've never really had a choice or free will, your whole life has been planned out for you, makes people angry. zone they get outside, the world's going crazy already. genres his regalia. everyone's woken up and broken out of their loops. yeah, it's very similar to the robots of West world waking up and becoming conscious. timorous. Rahman find him, they're gonna shoot Kaleb, but Delores steps in front of him, takes the bullets for him, and takes these guys out. hey, looks like, um, I'm I on drugs or did you just get shot multiple times? like it's nothing. but Delores just zips up her jacket like, yeah, don't worry about it. meanwhile, Bernards best bro Stubbs, comes in to rescue him. but he's like, hey, actually, you guys are free to go. we're not enemies, Bernard. you've got an important part to play still, so get on out of here. then they bring Collins in for a virtual meeting with Ciroc like, what the heck happened here? and he's like, joke's on you, sir, rock. it was me. and boom, boom, blows up the office systems in Bernard walk out. or they're like, what the heck is Delores up to? we'll see right now. Delores and crew get Dempsey under the pier, and he's being a real douche he's like, look, all this chaos is what you get when you don't control people our system. Rojo booms, not the problem. you people are the problem. so girl criminals shoots him like, yeah, you can't tell me who I am. and they piece out of there. as he lay dying, he's telling Caleb like, it was you. there's some big mystery in Caleb's past that he doesn't know yet, so keep an eye out for that. Delores also used her axis to take all of surak's files and see what his deal is, and that's why we see more of his backstory. in this episode, through Delores his eyes and his brother, we're building her hobo home, but they needed a money man, so they got dempsey senior. they showed him how her hobo one could predict the stock market stuff. he's like, yeah, this is great. but he never understood Sarat zero plan to control the whole world. the flam is working good for a while, but in all the projections, eventually the system collapsed. there are too many people that are outliers, or anomalies that they just can't predict. in fact, one of them was surak's brother, huh? trouble genius type, who would eventually decide her ho bones no good and like bring it to an end. eventually. Soraka had some sort of company prison for all these people, all the anomalies that they couldn't predict. he explains that he would also manipulate the system to put these people into dangerous situations like war. sounds like that's probably what happened to Caleb. he was flagged as an anomaly early and then sent off to war to hopefully die. Cobo. I'm also predicted that Dempsey senior wouldn't be okay with this kind of world manipulation. so Ciroc crashed his jet and killed him. yeah. so in the present, Dolores has watched all these memories and is on a hollow call with Ciroc right now. he is real pissed that Dolores has destroyed his whole world order. but she's like, no, I'm gonna set everyone free. in fact, what is Dolores his motivation? we thought it was as simple as destroy all humans, but when she realized that the real world was just as controlled as Westworld, it seems she wants to free all humans and take down their master Ciroc in her hobo. um, he looks like, you Oh, Dolores, are we doing the right thing here? maybe it's better if people don't know their whole future. but Dolores is like, trust me. stick with the plan. and they get on a private jet. that's where the episode comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 