welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka spoiling king, and this video, we're breaking down the ending of the stand. it's been a rough and rocky road up until now, but we're finally at the end and what has been a very strange finale, we're going to be breaking it all down. but if you've been following our breakdowns for the last 9 weeks, i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. and don't forget to subscribe for coverage on all the biggest upcoming tv shows and movies. now, up top, i just want to talk about how this episode was marketed as a brand new ending for the stand that was four years in the making. i'm sure many of you have been sticking with the show through all its highs and lows up until now to get to this point. and honestly, i feel slightly disappointed. i don't know if it's because i had some preconceived notions that this would go on to be something big and bombastic that would answer several questions about the ending of the original work, but all in all, it doesn't differ that heavily from the eventual path that it takes in the book, franny and stu leave boulder after the birth of her baby because they realize that society is starting to fall back into its bad habits. in the complete and uncut edition, flag wakes up on a beach where he's greeted by tribe members. and that's pretty much also how the season ends too. so i feel like this being sold to us as a brand new ending is slightly misleading. but ryan herself does actually get a lot more stuff to do. king stated that he felt like franny never really got to make her own stand and in many ways, that is rectified by this entry. to varying degrees of success, we open with her baby being born and quickly contracts captain trips. however, the child recovers, and it's not too long before we realize that the survivor's children will inherit their immunity. i feel that because the baby, abigail's father died of trips, that it was susceptible. however, the other baby that we see being born comes from two parents that carried immunity, and thus it doesn't show any signs of infection. baby abigail is also the first person who we know has recovered from the disease. and this clearly shows signs of hope for the future. now the stand in general is very much thought to be a metaphor for rebirth, not only in the destruction and reconstruction of society, but also in the mind states that people have. upon stu's return, fran realizes that the old ways are starting to seep back into the city and that people are once more becoming divided over their beliefs. she can see the storm coming and doesn't want their children to be affected in this way. thus they return to her birthplace in the country. now one of the big issues that i had with this episode is its pacing. i would have loved to have seen the development of this negative mind state in boulder and france, starting to realize that flag was simply making people give into their darkest desires, rather than being the person that caused them. we could have had an in-depth psychological look at how humans are flawed in a way that eventually makes us turn on one another. but we're simply just told by fran that things will get bad. even though, from what we see, people are still willing to help where they can. they also completely gloss over the journey that stu and tom took together, along with the friendship that they formed. this would have been fine if we didn't spend about 10 minutes trying to pull fran out of a well later on in the episode. and to me, that shouldn't have had the focus it did at the expense of these other things. we also don't learn about the pastor joe. and for people who haven't read the book, i don't know how you wouldn't have major question marks over what most of these scenes meant. i easily could have watched three seasons of a bug adaptation in which they took their time and gave us reasons to be attached to the characters, rather than simply skipping over the relationships in order to take the story beats off. now, it's not too long before the pair arrive in lawton, nebraska, aka the home of mother abigail. in the book, her parents were slaves in south carolina who relocated to hemingford home after the civil war. i feel like this is important to bear in mind, as the child version of the character does pop up later on at this location, which is actually packed with stephen king easter eggs. upon entering it we can see a statue of a turtle, which is likely a nod to mature in the well in which franny falls down is also very similar to the one in 1922, which i definitely recommend you watch if you haven't seen it. this story also took place at hemingford home and heavily featured rats, one of which scares franny. now, another notable easter egg there is the tall grass which surrounds the property in the king buck. in the tall grass, we saw as a group of people became lost in some and the storyline dealt with time loops, alternate versions of characters, and how one could travel back to the past and forward to the future. i think the understanding of these little details is paramount to getting what's going on in the scenes that play out. and the way that i look at them is that the past version of abigail managed to travel to the future to save franny. the main indicator of this is the silver cross necklace, which is also been present on mother abigail throughout the season. i have read that this could be interpreted as the baby abigail coming back to save her mother. but she sings the same song that old abigail sings later on the porch, meaning that that's pretty unlikely. long grasses also appear throughout the season as a symbol of abigail. so the clues are all there, and it is quite well pointed out on a second viewing. now, depending on what version you check out, the ghost of abigail did actually appear in the story to look over the baby in the nursery, and she remarked on her name. but this isn't carried over to this depiction. instead, what we get is flag making franny fall, and she comes face to face with him, gleefully watching over a tribe that are untouched by trips. the other character said throughout the season that he wanted to liberate people. we learned that he just wants to be worshipped, and thus he can start his own civilization under the name russell faraday. i'll talk more about what this means later on. but fran's journey here is very similar to jesus's in the desert when he was tempted by the devil. did i say jesus? this is right there? i don't know. anyway, this is murdered by abigail's trek through the forest, which happened earlier in the season. and during that, flag said that he was legion, similar the words uttered by the demon that tried to tempt jesus. he sees that stew is potentially going to get crushed by his truck and that fran could die in the well, leading to the baby abigail dying too. all flag wants is a kiss and to be able to see things through her eyes from time to time. but she bites down on his lip and is then transported to the tall grass once more, which is where she meets an older abigail. abigail tells her that flag is still trying to control others through fear, but the fact that fran stood up to him means that she will be blessed by god. fran could die, however, she's rescued by stew and a younger abigail, who then heals her, bringing forth this blessing. now, one of the interesting things that abigail states is that fran will be the mother of five who will go on to have 20 children, who will then go on to have 70, which you will live to see. these will replenish the earth. and this fran and stew should very much be seen as adam and eve. the pair left paradise to go into the harsh unknown. but they will find a way. i i just hope those kids aren't making kids with their brothers and sisters. anyway, after abigail tells her to stand hey, we get a one week time jump in which the pair arrive at franny's birthplace, and she lays out how she's following the advice that abigail and god gave her. this means that the world will be repopulated, and she will tell the children to be true. and thus humanity has some hope. as mentioned earlier, there is very much a motif of rebirth. and thus everything is coming full circle, which also just happens to be the the title of this episode. very subtle elsewhere, we could the flag in his boots arriving in front of the tribe. they bow down to worship him after he kills one of their members, showing that he is once more ruling through fear. this highlights that there will always be good and evil in the world, and that some will lord over others and make them fall in line, whilst others will show leadership through hope. now, at the moment. there are no plans to carry on the show with the second season, and i really doubt that we'll be getting one due to the general reaction to to what cbs have done. however, if you're curious to know what happens next with flag, then you should check out the dark tower, which takes place after captain trips in. that he goes under many names, and it's safe to assume that these islanders actually helped him to ascend to being an all-powerful god once more. the details of his life are sketchy and there are a lot of blanks, but that's personally how i've always taken the events to progress. now, as for the series as a whole, i started off really liking this, but it became a chore to get through as soon as we got to vegas. i felt like the series had a lot of issues tonally, and then it got worse the longer that it went on. now, i don't just want to slam the show, so we'll talk about the good, even though it's a bit difficult. i think bought ezra miller, that the actors did a really good job with what they had. owen teague, who played harold was very, very good, and he and brad williams hank as tom cullen, really stood out as the best performances to me. marsden has always nailed the down-to-earth middle american guy. and skarsgard as flag 2 was very menacing. i could go on complimenting all the actors, and bar ezzy, there's not really someone who i can point to that i think handled the material badly. now, whilst i think the cast worked really well, it's just what they were given was so compressed that it's difficult to really become attached to the characters properly because of a lot of things, including their deaths happening so fast. as i mentioned earlier, i would have loved to have spent a lot of time with these characters over seasons and seasons, but because of the pacing, people are gone before you really get to know them. there's also a lot of things from the book omitted, which one can understand in an adaptation, but some elements get focused that definitely don't deserve it at the expense of others. overall, it just feels like a missed opportunity. and i know that's a very cliched thing to say, but it's the the only way to describe it that i think feels fitting. the production values were definitely there, as was the cast. it's just the way that the story was told that really let things down. but these directors, editors, cast members and so on, with a really good script that takes its time, and you could have had something special. but i just feel like it lacks, i'd understand, something that i'm going to return to. and in all honesty, i do feel like the 90s mini series was a lot better. sure, it hasn't aged that well, but in my opinion, it just feels like more enjoyable watch. so if you still have questions over this series, then, yeah, give give that a chance. however, removing the book the mini series and judging this on its own merit. unfortunately, in my opinion, it scores a 5 out of 10. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the series as a whole, and of course, it's ending. if you enjoyed our coverage on it, then i'd really appreciate the thumbs up. and make sure you subscribe for videos like this each and every week. don't forget that on the 28th of february, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase 3mcu 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on, and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the season. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter. heavy spoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of one division, which will be linked on screen right now. we've been going over the whole series week by week and giving our theories, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 