before we begin, let me stop by ask if you're watching a sequel about a universe written by someone who didn't create said universe, is it the same universe? the stars of our movie today, ah-ho Rafe in lay beep. oh, oh, that's so damn depressing. oh, and some guy that hadn't been in the movie since the seventies. plate. our story begins with scrolling backstory text that I read, and I still don't know what to come looking at. all I know is they misspelled cow pie. except it ain't the last. there's still one more, please. I already said that our story really begins with some people we don't know. and this'll be will care about, into the mega behemoth supernova 9000. wouldn't you know it, it's a big boom, boom weapon. wait for it. here it comes. go, bow. bro. and we start off with some junk joke, which is not how you start off an epic cinematic. I'm so desperate for this to be a good movie. I'm hoping for Michael Corleone, it'll walk in with a noisy handgun to shoot the captain during his veal dinner, for Tom Hanks to flow behind them in space on that raft asleep. we Wilson barely hanging on. and for Optimus Prime to riding on a Dinobot and laying on this ship and stop humping it, and for the Ghostbusters to crash this so Bill Murray can show up and say, let's show this prehistoric. shall we do things downtown? well, because that'd be a good movie. god, I wish I could watch it instead. I'm watching this and still know what's going on. they blown up, and it still don't make no sense. here's a waste of time and money - don't get me scary, McKay, because Paul was taking up the defense turns to get their bombers to the mega behemoth, supernova 9000. but all the Bombers get blown up anyway. so there's essentially no confined kids of gathered. dammit. don't make me beat you 24 karat magic. you. hey, you're gonna die. and I'm sorry, but if I supposed to feel pity for this character I've only known for eight seconds. hell, I don't even care about this character. I've known for eight movies. look about to do to that lightsaber. exactly why I didn't this movie. immediately after I made this video. oh, you learn. well, if we're being honest and serious, this ain't Luke. this is a stunt Luke. and if I'm wrong, Luke became some scrubbing elbow, went into hiding to die alone. after he saw how ugly layers and Hans child turned out, it was like, oh hell no, I ain't playin that genetic roulette. and smoked like boy. Vader was coolest. had that mask, but underneath he looked like a white California raisin. even I don't wear a covering over this butt crack I call a fall head. take that off. but kylo looking like his face got run over by a smurf on a lawnmower. well, you ain't gotta throw a hissy fit just because that's Murph. did you wrong? back over here castaway island, Luke is sad that Han is dead and pissed the Kelly married big and ray finds the Jedi library that Luke lies about, and says was built a thousand generations ago. but how does one build up injury? is this some new Jedi power, doesn't he made up? and who was the library for? single digit number of books? well, I guess if that ever catches on fire, you grab five books in one hand and fall another and run like the dickens. there's some bad attempts at humor. and then looks like I came here to die. what a coincidence. so did this series. but uncle Luke, if you really wanted to die, you could have just done your like chewy. and then we're just hearing those plays from here on. I'm gonna hand this over the lair, and there's a tell you're fresh meat. I just read from across the chops. I squeezed in emotions or fanboy out of my uni. don't mess with big mommy. then kind of shows up, still salty from that Smurf incident, and takes it out on all our resistance. anything's about firing our Big Mama, until he hears my voice in the floor saying, I swear to God, if you press that button on me, he will not sit for a week. that's right. just walk away. I'm not you. wait, daddy. I'm here for all three movies. [ __ ], oh, just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down. the missing go down, the mission go down. just a spoonful of sugar helps the measuring go down in the most delightful way. but now, man, come, no more singing. beg to you. jab, Thank You. layer, that was Leia Skywalker, Solo, boots on the ground, reporting from outer space. ok can you imagine say action and hearing this one? Skywalker, will you bring a shower back? because Carla rain is strong with the downside of force. whoo. so day one of force allergy 101. some more bad attempts at humor, and then Luke sees our powerful rays and is scared shitless. okay, hold up, dish scare you, but the fact that your daddy was conceived by some creepy pedo who impregnated your grandmama without even using a pecker didn't. and your own better tried to kill you, because the creepy Beto impregnated your grandmama without a pecker told him to. and that part when you took off your dad's helmet, mounted underneath he wasn't nothing but a reject member of the California Raisins. none of that didn't leave you quaking in your Jedi hugs. oh, look, since we're gonna skip I'll toast to that mitten brain. can all have a little fall space-time phone call. and if flayer could see this, she'd just be saying, no, for a love a day, put your shirt back on. nobody outside the family need to know you had them. big tension, just like your daddy. to sum it up, Kyle's like, I hear you got daddy issues. want me to be daddy? or if you prefer to address my daddy issues, you could just be my daddy. grass, it looks like I told you no balls in your bedroom. and raised like any true you child killed big booty shadow. oh, she left. thank God didn't it. don't you damn Dracula's good name into this. then Yoda turns awesomeness. then ray goes to visit big movie man. then ran, big booming man go to visit mr. buck crackhead. guess here's your way. and apparently a virgin HBU. okay, back over here, Snoke is like, do you not have tattooed on your bottom? Palpatine is coming. look busy. who looked at this and said, that looks great. who did it? who did big boo Batman kill mr. buck crackhead? and there's a long fight ski up, and then some few views and boom, booms. and they just sit there like, wait, are you me? but I don't know, it just happened, yeah, me, but no, never happened. then Carlo blamed the death of buck crackhead Andre. and then he say, the Supreme Leader is dead. and then this busy long live Supreme Leader. and Leigh is like, wow, this kid sucks. you said, I have to save it with my mystique and sex appeal. and on some salt plant that's supposed to look like Hoth, there's a long fight. and I guess the visuals are one of the reasons this movie gets some accolades from dumb books. but we supposed to Pat Disney on the back because they're one of the richest corporations in the world, and got to make this with the best technology and graphics artists money can buy. I think not didn't know what is coming to help them. and lays like, it's not a big surprise. y'all suck it being rebels. and I should know. I was there for the OGS. then Luke walks in, and Leia just look at him like, took you long enough. you show up a lot faster. we need such, there was such in it for you back before you had that erectile dysfunction. and Luke gives Leia Hans dice that you might have made it, possibly seen once and gave less of a about then you gave for this movie, if caring about anything less than you care about this movie were humanly possible. and then Luke goes out to do exactly what he said he wasn't gonna do, fight the entire first-order alone with a simple laser sword. I'm making air quotes. but Carlos saltier than this planet and tells him to blow up. okay, Luke. and they missed, and Kalos pissed, so kylo Carta are funky. Luke and Luke stars near front. then plot twist. oh my god. how'd he do that? he must have learned it in one of them burn books. the Sun setting just like it did on twatter titty. I'm coming to see I'm glowing, and then I'll escape somehow. actually, there was an explanation. it sucked. if you want to know how can stupid it was, don't blink. ready? whoo. glad that's over. then looks dead. oh well, don't sweat it. you got the best in the galaxy riding shotgun. love you muffin. there'll be other. if you miss this movie with some children, nobody get a [ __ ] bow, but it's not as good as me, then be sure to LIKE and subscribe. for regular spoonful of sugar with a little meth mixed in for Sal thank you to these lovely patrons who donate $10 or more, which helps me buy the food I need to keep up my strength to stay saltier than cattle. ran, after that Smurf ran over his face. Kelly, is Gina. D Caro. s Bethenny. see. Brian P, Christine K, David M oh and I am Melissa s chupacabra. F who wanna pee? gfj Adrian P Allison, L anonymous. BH, Melanie. am, all the men and Emma E. and that's just a second half. for more, as explained fall, I'm Jeb salted. I get a spoonful of sugar. helps the measuring go down in the most delightful way. 