welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and you're now locked into the channel where we've been watching The Watchmen to break down everything that you need to know about the full season on HBO. after the huge twist that blew our minds last week, it's time to visit the doctor and see how angela met the guy named after the world's biggest dildo. and yeah, I still can't get over their ex Carl a bar Easter egg. throughout this video, we're gonna be going over the entire episodes plot and discussing the huge revelations in it. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the latest entry yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. now let's get into our breakdown a watchman episode 8. okay, so episode 8 is just a massive trip through time that shows how the past influences the future, but also a, due to dr. Manhattan's powers, how the future influences the past. as they say, it's very much a chicken and the egg situation. and for those who don't know, a dr. Manhattan can see every single moment of his life at the exact same time. he knows what will happen in the future, in the past, and in the past, knows what will happen in the future. Allen wanted to create a character who was aware that time was cyclical, and also show that, in knowing what would happen in the future, how you would be tied to it, forced to live out every moment, watching all play out the way that it was supposed to. I think like the best way to describe it is that imagine if you watched episode 3 of Watchmen first, then episode 7, then went back to one. he would kind of have this knowledge of what would be happening, but the episodes themselves would be reordered still. they would possess the same narrative though, and thus you would be able to fit together all of the pieces in between. yeah, it's difficult to explain, but that's probably the best analogy for that can think of. anyway, this episode exemplifies what it would be like to fall in love with someone who knows everything. sounds like my ex-girlfriend that you haven't that dr. Manhattan is a God who is all-powerful, all-knowing, and one that doesn't age. this episode, though, it really humanizes dr. Manhattan through one of our most human emotions, love, and it shows how that can change someone, turning the God into a man. Cal was able to accomplish this by losing his abilities, and this is about reinstating them in order to save the world. episode 8, God walks into a bar. aka, a god. dr. Manhattan walks into a bar, as in Angela. a bar has shown from the docs perspective. and like the graphic novel, it follows a similar aesthetic of jumping back and forth that unveil the entire plan and how everything fits together. it opens in Saigon, and we see a bit of blue dick Rafi, and then doc walks into Eddie's bar, toned down and wearing a mask to fit in with everyone. he picks up two beers, and this mirrors John's first meeting with Janey Slater and the graphic novel, in which she bought him one. he said it was the first time a girl did that for him, and it was a big moment where their fingers touched as she handed over the glass, the dock shows up and just completely blows Angela away, almost talking in riddles. and this comparisons to Zeus coming down to make love with the malls. we learned that the vision of Manhattan we saw on Mars in Episode one, it's just a decoy carrying out predetermined paths, and that the dock has been on Europa, creating a utopia that we know Ozzy would later end up living on. at the end of the Watchmen graphic novel, doc did say he was going to go off into the universe and create life there. however, we get the feeling that it was just too perfect to ever feel real, and thus he abandoned it. anyway, now we know that doc created it. this is why us, he made the body say, save me D and it also explains why us he wanted to leave. and I love how there were actually some similarities with the two that are never really thought of. John lived on earth and ended up leaving it in the graphic novel because he was just sick of being caught up in the mundane 'ti of it. and Ozzy, who lived on Europa, to wish to leave because he became bored. we watched the miracle maker walk on water and create Adam and Eve, or rather mr. Phillips and Miss Cruikshank. when he was younger, doc, or rather John, saw the two, the real versions of them, getting it on, and they became large influences on him, passing him a blue Bible that made him learn about God and how he created life, which will go on to influence his actions down the line. they instill in him the promise to return to the castle with the Bible once he has created something beautiful. and he fulfills this in his actions on Europa. he also recreates the castle up they lived in, which was a huge part of his early life. throughout the episode, Doc's actual faces hidden, and this keeps the character separate from kal, and also means that fans of the graphic novel don't have their prior image of the character changed. instead, all we ever see really is Angela's reaction to him as she tries to tempt him to reveal his powers. Angela says she hates dr. Manhattan, because, looking back, he basically changed the world, causing the events that would lead to her parents deaths. and as we know, the Watchmen universe vastly diverse from the one that we inhabit. from the Vietnam War onwards. Angela also mentions how the bomber that killed her parents was a puppeteer that wanted to hold the strings. and this is a reference to the graphic novel in which dr. Manhattan, when discussing his ability to view time, says, we are all puppets. I can just see the strings. this is very much shaped her perception, just how Doc's perception was shaped by his powers. he was burdened by what the world wanted him to be and what they thought of him, but inside, he was crying out to be human. doc just wants to have dinner with Angela, but she says that he won't be able to blend in. so they go and visit the morgue, and Angela reluctantly chooses a corpse named Calvin that she wants him to transform into. she clearly has some attraction to him, but won't admit it to herself due to him being dead. but John still takes his form. now what the episode is excellently is that it shows how the two end up falling in love, but it also sets a deadline on their relationship of ten years, and we know that it will come to a tragic end. it kind of fits in to the regrets thing, in which John say said he regrets Vietnam, but how we also end up doing things that we know we will regret anyway, John's biggest issue is that he can never be in the moment, and that Angela hates how much he is tied to fate. there's also another Easter Egg for the graphic novel, when Angela asks, when's the last time he was afraid? and similar to the book, he discusses his transformation in the intrinsic field, as predicted, Angela asks him to leave, and he's devastated. this kinda shows the complexity of the character, as he can still feel the emotional weight of moments, even if he knows what's going to happen in advance. he visits Ozymandias in Karnak who, similar to his home on europa, has smashed the place up, watching as the world he wished to create didn't come to fruition. as he knows that humans will always be driven to create weapons. and yet, Cal is packing a weapon, let me tell you, ladies. any way, we see the to reminisce over old times. and we also see Ozzy is the one who creates the squid falls in order to maintain world peace. he's been running them manually from his home, keeping up the lie. as he draws the conclusion that doc has fallen in love, and thus has changed himself, like my ex try it changed me, I said, are you having that? we discovered that as he created the device that stops dark seeing the entirety of his life, and that this is made of tachyons. I thought this would be the case last time, but here holds a lot more weight in the episode, as we discover it's pretty much his kryptonite, and it means that the character does actually have a weakness. before moving on, the plan, cow goes to visit will, and, through Angela asking questions, informs him that Jude is a member of Cyclops and about his robe. this, of course, shows how he knew ahead of time and how he was able to inform true that doc was in Tulsa and who he was as he had seen the characters new appearance. he also knows that dr. manhattan's tied to his granddaughter. so, yeah, it just puts the pieces of the puzzle together really nicely. will lives and captain metropolis his old pad, and the to form and aligns to contact Angela and also look after their children. on the night that the 7th cavalry come, Angela believes that she started all but as mentioned earlier, the past is the future and the future is the past and so on. it's chicken in the egg as he makes a deal with the doctor move to the utopia on Europa, wishing to escape due to his great failings on earth. it's a really emotional scene that I think grounds Ozzy quite a lot. I always kind of looked at its character as being slightly underdeveloped, but here, Jeremy Irons really knocks out the park. so, yeah, Theory confirmed. doc created the world for Z and there's potential at dock. also told true when Ozzy would return. and this is why she bought the farm at the start of episode 4. as he could also be trues father, if the comedian is not. and she could have been cased a character in gold, which is what she was referring to when she mentioned bringing her mother and father to see the completion of her clock. Angela puts the Tachyon device in the cow and together they moved to Tulsa, the location that she never got to see after the death of her grandma. we also learned that da can pass on his powers through someone eating them, which I think will play a big part in the show going forward. perhaps Angela will get them, but it also shows that geo keen may be able to get them through this method, which i think is what's gonna likely happen. finally, after 43 minutes, we catch up to the moment that left last week on a devastating cliffhanger. the seven cavalry are coming for John, and all Angela can do is defend him. John, throughout this just feels so lost, weary from what's going on, and kind of tied to the inevitability of it all. we also learn that it was Kyle that saved Angela on the white knight, as theorised. and he seems completely nonchalant about the incoming attack. Angela tries to stop them, but as we know, she can't save him. it is a great action scene, but, yeah, one that's ultimately doomed to end in tragedy. John intervenes to save Angela, but as we know, this won't work. the cavalry used the tachyonic cannon to transport dog to their headquarters, and were left wondering what will happen to him now. well, John died? hmm, I don't think so. and people have failed to kill the character in the past, which I think will be repeated here. personally, I actually believe that jokey may even succeed in his plan with John passing on his powers, as mentioned in the episode. however, he will gain a perception like dr. Manhattan, and then become completely removed from his fuse. and gold's due to the detachment that possessing the powers of John will carry. if tachyons can defeat the doc, and they can likely defeat Joe. and I think the weapons had he created for Doc will be turned on him in order to defeat him. also, in case he didn't stick around for the post-credits scene, in that we see Ozzy being punished for trying to escape. they squashed tomatoes in his face. and we learned that by two suffers with the utopias perfection. he wants to be needed. the game warden visits him and gives him another anniversary cake, but it has a horseshoe in the bottom. it looks like the clones are slowly getting things wrong. and we did see in the premiere that they gave him one instead of a knife. so yeah, this is a nice callback to that. we also learned that the game warden was, in fact, the original mr. Phillips. anyway, using the horseshoe, Ozzy is gonna Shawshank his way out of the cell and finally make a break for it. I do think Ozzy will return and, having reached out to the doc, perhaps be transported back to earth, which is where we will see him land on the farm where he was picked by true this show is gonna reveal it all soon enough, and hopefully this time next week, we finally have all of the answers to everything. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode. and if you agree with the theories in this video, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this, then please give it a thumbs up. make sure you stay locked to the channel for more watchmen breakdowns. as the series begins to wrap up, we'd be discussing every episode, so it's definitely worth keeping locked into heavy spoilers for the finale. we also do a podcast called watching The Watchmen, in which we break down the original graphic novel issue by issue. so if you want to know the full backstory in the book, that, make sure you check it out. after this, you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free adjoining. we have been awesome communities. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 2 box on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel or more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video. make 'shy, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and watchmen in the comment section below the one. it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of a December, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. so best of luck. to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 