You've just been invited to play a once in a lifetime game where every dare can make you rich overnight. But if you had to do the most suave and terrifying things to win a quarter million dollars, what would you do? This game escalates the most futile dares imaginable. And however far you think it's going to go, it goes much, much further. I'm going to break down the mistakes made, what you should do, and how to beat the game and get rich in Cheap Thrills. Craig here, is going to lose everything. He finds an eviction notice on his front door, warning him that he needs to pay $4,500 in seven days, or else he'll be kicked out. He goes to work and gets called into his boss' office, finding out that he's just been fired. He's got no way to support his family or pay his rent, and they'll be homeless if he doesn't find something fast. He goes to a bar to drown his sorrows and runs it to his old friend, Vince, from high school. He buys him a drink, but Craig here, notices bruises on the man's knuckles and learns his friend has become a professional debt collector. Vince tells him he's had to do terrible things for the job and that Craig would never be capable of it. But they're both about to find out that Craig here, is willing to go so far over the line that you won't even recognize him by the end. They're invited to drink with this couple, Colin and violet, to celebrate the woman's birthday. And the man tells him he wants to make a friendly bet. Colin here, pours two glasses of tequila and turns the rest of their night into a game. The first person to drink their shot will win $50. Without hesitation, Vince here, grabs his glass and drinks it, winning the bet before his friend even realizes what's going on. Vince has won $50 and this seems like an innocent game, but this is only the beginning of a truly horrifying situation. This will get so twisted that eating your own severe finger is not even the worst thing they'll consider doing by the end of the night. Now, this might not be a death game yet, but for a man who's lost his job and about to lose his home, he should definitely be looking at this like it's a survival scenario. Because if he doesn't earn $4,500 in seven days, his life as he knows it is over. So if someone offers me a free shot for $50, I would slam it down faster than you could say drinking problem. $50 is several days of groceries, or a month worth of diapers for his son. And an opportunity like this shouldn't be passed up. This couple is obviously loaded, because this is a $300 bottle of tequila, and he bought it on a whim. He's also throwing money at us for his own entertainment. So we should immediately be asking ourselves how much they're willing to spend and how far they're willing to go, because we could make a lot of money before the night ends. I would ask the man to give me something else to do, because if drinking a free shot of tequila is worth 50, there's a world of other things I'd be willing to do with alcohol in my system, and for a whole lot more. Colin here, hands over the 50 bucks as promised. But when the debt collector gives it to his friend, the rich guy insists, he played by the rules and keep the money he won. Vince takes it back and they move on to the next bet. Vince here, seems like a nice guy, but he's going to get so jealous of how much money Craig will make tonight that it's going to drive him insane. They all start playing darts and the rich guy offers $50 if they can hit the face on the bill. Vince here, narrowly misses the targets, but the rich guy quickly escalates the game. Neighing towards a woman at the bar, he makes another bet, offering $200 to anyone who gets her so angry she slaps them. Craig here, isn't sure if it's worth the risk, but his friend convinces him it's too much money to pass up. And he approached the bar to give it a shot. Okay. We all want to see Craig here, get slapped in the face. The game is starting to involve other people. And that makes things a little more complicated, but I would definitely take this bet. Because if my family is going to be evicted and out on the streets in seven days time, I'd do just about anything for $200. That's enough to pay for a month of car insurance. And when you're broke with no job, $200 for a slap is a no-brainer. Now, this woman doesn't know if Craig here might be violent, and she doesn't have any friends to help defend her. Under these circumstances, slapping a man in the face is a dangerous risk for any woman to take, because most people avoid confrontation at all costs. And that makes it harder for you to win the bet. The obvious solution is to tell her about the game and offering to pay for her drink in exchange for a convincing slap. It's a win-win. We all need to vent out a bit of anger once in a while. And as long as we're letting this stranger know she's safe and everyone gets entertained in the process, I'm happy to see her get some healthy release. But with how messed up each of these characters are, and the way the rest of this night is only going to get worse and worse, we can go one step further to take care of our mental health. BetterHelp offers professional counseling, done security online. So if you feel that there's something interfering with your happiness, or is preventing you from achieving your goals, definitely check out BetterHelp. Normally, I'd make a joke here, but seriously, I highly recommend talking to somebody if you're having some issues in your life. This past year has been especially difficult on a lot of people's mental health, and there's no shame in it. This service is available for clients worldwide. It's more affordable than traditional offline counseling, and financial aid is available. BetterHelp will assess your needs and match you with your own licensed professional therapist. And they are committed to facilitating great therapeutic matches, so they make it easy and free to change counselors if needed. You can log into your account anytime and send a message to your counselor. You'll get timely and thoughtful responses. Plus you can schedule weekly video or phone sessions, so you won't ever have to sit in an uncomfortable waiting room as with traditional therapy. You can visit their website and read their testimonials that are posted daily. BetterHelp wants you to start living a happier life today. Visit betterhelp.com/howtobeat to get 10% off your first month. And join the over one million people who have taken charge of their mental health, with the help of an experienced professional. Thank you to BetterHelp for sponsoring this video. Craig here, walks up to the woman. But when she turns to face him, the man chickens out and walks back to the group. His friend decides to show them all how it's done. And it only takes seconds before the woman smacks him right across the face. Vince now has $250 and Craig still has zero. He walks back with a huge grin and the man congratulates him by cutting a few lines of nose candy in front of everyone. The bartender catches them in the act and tells them that he's not allowed to do this. But when he offers her $400, she has a change of heart and takes the bribe. The man has been here for less than 30 minutes and has already spent over a $1,000. And that's nothing compared to what he's going to be offering them later, because this guy has 250 grand in a safe at home. And it's going to get downward disgusting by the time that money comes out. They move the party to a strip club where the guys are looking to escalate the game. But the rich man starts complaining about the no touching policy. That's when he offers $200 to the first man who slaps his stripper on the butt. Craig here, thinks it's going too far, but his friend jumps up to the challenge and heads across the club. Okay. This game is starting to cross some ethical boundaries. And that means it's escalating further outside of your control, and requires you to put more at risk in order to earn the money. All strip clubs have bouncers, and there's no way that slapping this girl in the flapjacks won't get you beaten up and tossed out. Now, I'll never condone touching a woman without her consent, because it's flat out wrong. But if you asked me to choose between my family starving or this, I'm going to have to think twice about the opportunity that's being offered here. To me, the only way to win is to rig the game and get this woman's consent without letting anyone know. Being a stripper is not an easy job, earning roughly $190 a day on average, but can frequently make as little as $20 for the entire evening if it's slow. With this in mind, I would approach the stripper and respectfully tell her about the situation, how much money is at stake, and if she would like to participate to earn 50% of the bet. If you asked me whether I wanted to make a $100 giving a stranger a lap dance for 10 minutes, or making the same amount of money in one second with a gentle slap on the booty, I'd take the latter. If she agrees, then I'll ask her to look upset, but to not call the bouncers. And that way, I can make sure I can stay in the club long enough to give her the money she's earned. Making sure that his friends can see him, Vince here, spanks the stripper hard. Vince has now earned a $450 and Craig, the party pooper, still has zero. They all leave the club quickly before they get in trouble and climb into the rich man's car. But it's getting too much for Craig here, and he insists he needs to get back home to his wife. Suddenly, a bouncer storms out of the club and confronts the man, accusing him of hitting one of the dancers. He tells him he didn't do it, but that's when the rich man shouts out that he'll give him $500 if he hits him first. And Craig looks at the bouncer to consider the offer. Okay. Right now, $500 is a lot of money. That's more than one month of groceries for the average American family. But this bet has a lot more to consider here. If you punch a bouncer, you're guaranteed to get knocked the (beep) out. And this is going to cost you a lot of money. First of all, this man is wearing glasses, which costs an average of $196. And a punch in the face will definitely break both your glasses and possibly, even your nose. Without health insurance, a broken nose requires an X-ray, a facility fee, and a doctor fee for roughly $500 total. With one swing, you could win $500 and lose $696 in the blink of an eye. Now, with all that said, I would still take the bet, but with one modification. This man has already had at least two shots and three beers, which will definitely slow his response time. And he might not even be fast enough to land a punch, let alone dodge one. That's why I would try to win the $500 by kicking this bouncer in the balls. It will technically qualify as hitting him first. And this would make him flinch in pain long enough for me to run back to the car safely. It's definitely a cheap shot, but we're never coming back to this club. There's a getaway vehicle 15 feet away, and this bouncer is blaming you for something you didn't do. So it's the best and only way out of this situation. Craig here, goes for the gold and decides to hit the bouncer in the face. With one bet, Craig has earned $500 and that's nothing compared to what he'll make by the end of the night. He's surprised with himself and looks back to his friends. But as soon as he does, the bouncer knocks him out cold with a single punch. Okay. Now, before we get any further, this guy just took a serious beating. And because YouTube won't let us show any blood, we have to blow the next scenes. But trust me, by the end of the video, they're going to be doing bets that are so insane, you'll be glad that we blurred it. Later that night, Craig here, wakes up on someone else's couch and checks his pockets to find a missed call from his wife, as well as $500 he won from the fight with the bouncer. Walking into another room, he finds out they're in the rich man's house and they're all glad to see he's awake so they could continue playing the game. But all he wants to do is go home. The rich man insists he takes some painkillers before leaving, and Craig agrees to wait for the medicine. Colin and Vince here, go into the study where the rich man opens a safe. And the debt collector is shocked when he sees bundles of cash inside. Realizing he's just hit the jackpot, he sits back and starts to come up with a plan to rob this rich couple blind. In the living room, the wife gently cleans the mud off of Craig's face and asks him if he's ever broken any bones. He tells her he broke his foot once, flying off a skateboard. And it reminds her she once saw a skateboarder get hit by a car, and that the kid's breaking bones sounded like a snapping tree branch. Okay. This woman has psychopath written all over her face. All night long, this woman has looked bored and expresses no emotion. But when she tells a story of a boy getting hit by a car, it makes her smile. This is a major red flag. Now, it's important to remember that this entire night is to celebrate her birthday. And that means everything that's happening is a show for her entertainment. If she's a psychopath that always smiles at death and we are her birthday present, that turns our situation from financial survival into a life or death scenario. And it forces us to look at this whole game a lot differently. I would start to consider how much freedom we actually have here. Every time Craig tried to leave, they wouldn't let him, and keep manipulating him to stay. These guys could be serial killers for all we know, and earning a few $1,000 means nothing if you aren't alive long enough to spend it. These kinds of people lack empathy for others, so we need to exploit that. She wants to see the most (beep) up things imaginable. I would try striking a deal, offering to sell out my friend Vince here, and make her night. If we promise to push him in these bets until he reaches his breaking point, I would only ask that they let me leave unharmed with half the money in return. She will logically conclude that this is a good deal that fulfills her desires, and it gives you the best chance to survive and win money. It might be cruel, but getting rich and staying alive are much higher on my priorities than keeping a friend I haven't seen in five years. The guy comes back in and gives Craig here, a handful of pills, as the rich man asked them all to follow him outside. He leads them to the patio to show them the view and tells them a story about how his wife designed the house. But it's all just a distraction as Craig here, suddenly realizes that Vince has taken another bet. He looks down to find his friend is peeing all over his shoes. Vince has now earned $750 and Craig here, is seriously pissed off about all this. Furious, he goes back inside the house to wash off the stains and Vince follows him, trying to calm him down, because he's got a plan. He's going to rob the couple and needs Craig's help to do it. But the man refused to help, pointing out that the guy will call the cops. Vince here, is certain that will never happen because the police will see this guy is coked out of his mind and arrest everyone. And realizing this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, he agrees to help him steal the cash. Okay. This is a great idea, and I would definitely consider this if I was in his position. This guy is coked out of his mind, extremely trusting. And most importantly, he did not enter any numbers into the safe. It was already open when he walked in. This makes him a prime candidate to steal from. But there's one vital clue here that tells us that this could go horribly wrong if it's not done the right way. If you're robbing a house, the most basic thing you need to do is to survey the entire place, to get an idea of where the exits are and what kind of security system they might have. If he had taken a moment to study his environment, he would have realized that this guy is not someone they want to mess with, because he's an award-winning martial artist and could easily kick their asses. The best way to do this is with a distraction. I would tell my debt collector friend here, to entertain the couple while I sneak into the office and take as much money as I can carry, and look for a backdoor. Leaving your friend here is the only solution, because it keeps the couple's attention long enough for you to escape. And your friend won't come looking for you because he thinks you're still helping him. These two haven't seen each other in over five years, so it was not a friendship they were interested in keeping anyways. And that makes them someone I'd be willing to throw under the bus and escape the situation with a (beep) load of money before this betting game gets out of hand and takes a deadly turn. He might come looking for me, but we're already going to be evicted, so I can use this money to relocate my family. And we'll never see him again. They leave the bathroom and tell the couple, they've kissed and made up. But when the rich man approaches to hand him $300, he shoves him against the wall. Putting a knife to the guy's throat, he demands to know what the safe's combination is, and the guy tells him it's not even locked. Craig runs into the office and shoves the money into cardboard boxes as quickly as he can. The friend of demands they hand over the car keys, but suddenly the man grabs his wrist and knocks him to the ground, as his wife pulls out a gun and points it at Craig. That's when things take a strange turn, because instead of calling the cops, he tells him to pretend that none of this ever happened. This whole thing was organized for his wife's birthday. And that's when he admits that all this cash was already set aside for them to play the game and do crazy, messed up things, but only if they obey every command to earn it. They both decided to keep playing, and the rich man tells them their next dare: whoever can hold their breath the longest, gets $500. Suddenly, Craig here, gets a call from his wife and he answers it to find out that it's 2:00 AM and she's worried sick. She knows he's been fired and begs him to come back home. But the rich man offers him $300 to hang up on his wife. Okay. This is the easiest $300 he's going to make all night. And I would hang up on my wife faster than you can say custody battle, but it's such a great offer that it's distracting us from a serious red flag here. So far, there's been a reasonable proportion for each bet, where drinking a shot of tequila is worth $50 and punching a bouncer in the face is worth $500. But there's no reason that hanging up the phone is worth $300 as a form of entertainment. It just doesn't make sense. And that's why it's a red flag. He's offering way too much money for this because he doesn't want us contacting the outside world to tell anyone where we are, or what's going on. That tells us he wants this game to get really twisted and is trying to control the flow of information. Our lives are clearly in danger. But if we leave, we miss out on a once-in-a-lifetime chance to earn more money in a single night than I can make in over five years on an average salary. I would stick around as long as they kept giving me money. But instead of hanging up on my wife, I would tell them that I did and make $300, but keep the call going with the phone inside my pocket. The wife will be confused, but she'll be able to listen in and figure out what's going on while I drop her hints. That way, I can make sure every word of the night was recorded, in case things take a serious turn and we need a witness or someone who knows our location, in case we need help in a life or death emergency. Craig here, hangs up on his wife, winning $300. Craig has now earned $800 total, which puts him back in the lead. And he's finally ready to start taking this game seriously. Vince already started playing for the next bet and now, it's Craig's turn. If he can hold his breath longer than Vince did, he will win $500. Afraid of losing, Vince here, punches him in the stomach just seconds before he was about to beat his record. Colin here, lets it go since he didn't lay down any rules. But Craig here, wants to get revenge and wants to know what the next bet is. Vince has stolen this guy's chance to win money he desperately needs to keep his family off the streets. Craig here, could have easily won this bet. He's the only person in the room that hasn't been doing drugs all night. And that's a huge advantage, because coke dramatically increases your heart rate. If the heart is pumping faster, then it's converting more of your blood oxygen into carbon dioxide, making it a lot harder to hold your breath. But Craig made a huge mistake here by not realizing that this bet is the first competitive winner-take-all challenge. And if you already know your friend is a debt collector, who's a professional at taking money away from others, you have to assume he's going to find every possible way to take your money. There's only one way to win these bets from this point on, and we need to start looking for every opportunity to screw this guy over and cheat. For $500, we're not interested in honesty and sportsmanship. We're interested in winning at all cost. The rich man leads them outside and shows them a turd in front of his house. His neighbor's dog is always pooping on his lawn and he wants revenge. The first man who takes a dump inside the neighbor's house with a photo to prove they did it, will win $1,200. Without hesitation, they run to break into the building and squat down on the floor to perform their duty. He finishes his business and stands up to take a picture of it, before yelling good luck to his friend, as he runs out of the house. A girl wakes up and is shocked to find Vince with his pants around his ankles. And he runs out of the house. But on his way back, he notices the neighbor's dog and comes up with a horrible plan. Vince here, walks in carrying the neighbor's dog and offers to will it for money. But the rich man is disgusted and won't have a helpless animal grilled on his wife's birthday. Craig has now earned $2,000 total, but his friend Vince, is already planning his revenge. For the next bet, the first person to make the rich man a vodka tonic will get $300. Craig here, walks out of the kitchen, but gets thrown to the floor by his friend. That's when things start to get out of control. The wife comforts Craig, rubbing his shoulders, and suddenly offers to sleep with him to help him relax. He can't believe what he's hearing, and tells them he won't cheat on his wife. But when the men offers him $4,500 and makes it a bet, he starts to consider her proposal. Okay. This is taking generosity to a whole new level. Less than half an hour ago, they were being robbed. And now, they're turning the other cheek in the kinkiest way possible. $4,500 is going to save his family from eviction. But if his wife ever finds out, he's not going to have a family to save. Just by looking at how jealous Vince is of how much money Craig is making, you can rely on him to make this situation much worse. I would expect that if we survive the night, Vince will threaten to tell the wife what happened and destroy his marriage just out of spite. Now, there's another angle here that could actually make this even more dangerous. The rich man is doing everything here for his wife's darkest desires, but that doesn't necessarily mean he won't be jealous. Statistically, one of the highest causes of both manslaughter and premeditated murder is because of adultery. And it's not uncommon for a situation just like this turning violent very quickly. Going through with this bet could win you $4,500, but it's not difficult to imagine that this guy could come looking to murder you for revenge. For me, this is one line that I wouldn't cross. And I would wait for the next bet to keep making money. Craig here, can't resist the offer. And with $4,500 on the line, he agrees. The wife starts going at it as the other men watch. And Vince here is completely shocked by what's happening. By the time it's all over, Craig is exhausted from all the money he's just made. Now, he's earned $6,500 total, which is enough to pay for four months of rent. The host excuses himself and change out of his clothes, but Craig here, has had enough. And taking his earnings, he walks out of the front door, leaving his friend behind. The couple return, and they're excited to make even crazier bets. But when they notice that Craig is missing, the woman begins to sulk. Greedy for more money, Vince here insists they could continue playing and wants to know what the next challenge is. Noticing he's lost his wife's attention, Colin here, leads the man into the kitchen and tells him to cut off his own pinky. Nervous, he asks how much it's worth and the rich man slams $25,000 down on the cutting board. It's a huge payout and the man can't resist the money being offered. He's about to go through with it, but that's when they hear Craig offered to do it for $23,000. Furious, his friend tells him to leave. But the man has realized that after he pays his three months of overdue rent, he'll only have enough money for one more month. And has no choice but to continue playing. Vince immediately undercuts his friend, bidding $22,000 to pluck his own finger scoff. And a bidding war starts. But neither of them realize that this is going to be nothing compared to what they'll have to do next. Okay. Now, the stakes are escalating out of control. If we keep playing, it will affect us permanently. And there's no going back. This is a very dangerous progression, because if you show this couple that you're willing to cut off your pinky, I guarantee you they're going to ask themselves what else you might be willing to cut off for their enjoyment. They hold all the power, and we can't leave because we need to make as much money as possible. So the smartest thing to do here is to broker leverage. I would try to convince my friend that by refusing the bet and working together, we can gain bargaining power to force the couple to find safer challenges and to drive up the prices in this night of twisted entertainment. If we can't persuade them, then we have to move to plan B, and consider if cutting off your own pinky actually makes any financial sense. First of all, the pinky is a lot more important for daily life than you may think. But finger plantation has a pretty low success rate, because it involves joining tendons, bones, and reconnecting arteries. It also costs over $10,000 and you wouldn't be able to work for 120 days after the surgery. So altogether, this is a terrible deal. Craig's final offer is $15,000. And Vince finally decides it's not worth it. Craig places his pinky on the table, but is shocked to learn his friend is going to do the honors. Terrified, he tries to stall the bet, but his friend is looking for revenge and chops his pinky off without warning. Screaming in vain, he runs to the couch weezing, and the rich man closes his moans shut, congratulating him on his victory. Craig has now earned $21,500 total, and that's half of your salary in a single night. He asked for his pinky ring, but that's when Colin hears a gagging noise and starts looking for the source. Behind the bar, he's horrified to find that the neighbor's dog has choked on Craig's pinky ring and denied. The rich man picks up the dog, taking the meat cleaver with him, and he better not do what I think he's going to do. As they wait, Vince threatens his friend for stealing his bet. But Craig argues, he needs the money more than him because he has a family. Things are getting heated. But soon, Colin here returns to the living room and offers his guests dinner. They gather at the table. But when Vince here lifts the cover, he's terrified by what's being served. The rich man has cooked up the bread dog and offers $50,000 to the first person who finishes their portion. Okay. Plucking off my pinky is already extreme, but grilling and cooking a hog is so far over the line that even Satan would tell them to calm down. I'm not going to eat this innocent animal for any amount of money. Colin here, points out 50 grand is more money than they'll make in a year, and could solve so many of their financial problems. And it's enough to convince them both to take the bet. Finishing their meals at the exact same time, the rich man can't figure out which one deserves to win. So his wife offers a tiebreaker. Handing him the ice bucket with a finger inside, the man tells them that whoever eats Craig's pinky, will be declared the winner of the bet. He throws it across the room and the men fight over it. But Craig here, manages to rip it free. He brutally kicks Vince to make sure he stays down and puts the severe finger in his mouth, chewing it up and swallowing it all the way down. Craig has now earned $71,500 and now, Vince is going to make sure he regrets it. His friend suddenly tackles him to the floor and savagely beats his friend into a floody pulp. Shaken by what he's just done, the rich man leads him outside and Vince here, complains about how he was betrayed and is terrified that he almost grilled his oldest friend. But that's when the rich man comes up with an idea. He offers $250,000 if Vince kills Craig, and reminds him that he'll get all the money he needs for a new life. Okay. This is the final bet and we have a tough decision to make here, because willing friends in a death game is one thing, but filling friends for cash is a whole new level of evil. Luckily for us, there's a way we could get the $250,000 without having to will anyone. This final challenge is everything they've been waiting for, and that means their guard might be down. I would accept their bet to still my friend, but tell them I'm not comfortable using a knife because it's too messy, and ask to use the wife's gun for the job, because it's cleaner and less emotional. If they agree, this takes away their best line of self-defense. And now, we have a ranged weapon to rob them of all $250,000. After everything that's happened this night, they definitely won't call the police. And they'll have no evidence of the robbery to prove what happened. Now, Vince here, is definitely the biggest loser of the night, with only $1,250. If I were him, I'd leave my friend with the couple and take the rest of the cash for myself, and get out of there as quickly as possible, because there's no honor among thieves. Inside the house, Craig here, asks for a cab back home, but the wife suddenly turns on a projector, showing all the photos she's taken of the night. The rich man tells him to go take the money he won, while he waits for his taxi. But he doesn't realize that Vince here is going in for the kill. That's when Vince catches glimpses of the photos. And when he realizes that the whole night was setting him up for murder, he has a change of heart. He tells his friend, they should both leave, never expecting Craig to shoot him in the back. Turning around in shock, he realized that his friend was offered the same deal and falls to the floor. Craig here, finishes him off with one more shot and stands the lone winner of the game. Craig has earned all $250,000, which is over five years of his salary. Exhausted, he grabs a bag to put all his money in and the couple thank him for the evening, as they watch him leave. Colin here, hands his wife $50 for winning a private bet that Craig would be the winner of their death game. This whole night was just for a $50 bet on which of the two friends would go further. The man arrives at his apartment complex and enters his unit, soaked in mud. Dumping his winnings all over the couch, he goes to pick up his crying son and that's when the lights suddenly turn on. His wife is both shocked and angry to see him covered in mud, with bundles of stained cash he dumped on the couch. All he can do is stand there as his baby screams. And he realizes that even with all this money, his life still sucks. But what do you think? How would you beat Cheap Thrills? Let me know with a comment down below. Thank you so much for watching. Leave a like and subscribe, and check out the How To Beat playlist for more videos like this. Until next time, have a damn good day. 