welcome to slash forward. this week, the channels going sexual, starting with the 2019 indie horror film, Snatchers. let's get to it. we open on the credits sequence, full of beautifully phallic animations with prominence and foreboding erections. we then transition to modern date, in 2012, biology class, where it teaches spittin bout gametes while these former zygotes plan a weekend rager. i'm trying to get real fayette. we then find her main character, sarah, trying to reconnect with her ex, skyler. but he's matured since his enlightening trip to mexico and is following a different path now, one that leads toward orgasms that aren't self induced. at home. her mom, Kate, does a quick check-in to ensure she's crushing it before leaving her alone. and Sarah quickly arrives suggestively at Skylar's residence, where they begin a biology project utilizing traditional contraceptive methods. just unfortunately, he barely presses in before blasted. but she's cool with dad Saul. good with her maturity leveled up, she struts through school like a boss. so grown girl, when she rides a roller coaster of emotions with her friend group. Keanu casually jokes about her acting like she's pregnant. luckily, the home test shows negative. unfortunately, this is only because she doesn't observe it long enough. and we learn she's super pregnant. as she wakes up in an alarmingly advanced state of gestation, with no serious, trustworthy members in her current circle of friends, she turns to her recently discarded bestie, Haley. they opted for the free clinic, only having to take the ridicule of a lone random stranger. she seems to be getting pregnant her by the minute. and the ultrasound shows some abnormal results. while awaiting a second opinion, Sara goes into labor. so when the doctor shows up, old Richard rolls up the sleeves and takes control of the sick. there's nothing down here I haven't seen before. then we watch whatever it is use the ultrasound tech like a puppet. so the girls get the hell out, butt crack to the wind. their joy is short-lived as they realize Sarah's uterine swelling hasn't yet subsided, indicating possible twins. meanwhile, back at the clinic, the protester explores the aftermath, and, despite being covered in the blood of Christ, becomes a vessel for the evil entity. as that goes on, the girls have come up with a novel solution to their potential problem, but our interrupted when Kate comes home with a little bundle of joy, shy about meeting the world, they decide they need on their side. this means visiting Dave at the old alpaca farm, knowing he's got labour inducing drugs for the livestock. we then get a brief intervening shot that shows the police have arrived at the clinic and her on the trail. Dave is eager to help in the spirit of discovery, and we learned Sarah and Haley's relationship formed around working at the farm. then they cozy up to the wood chipper while Dave prepares to penetrate that uterus. but that little suckers hanging on tight. and they're interrupted by officer Ruiz, who does the disservice of calling Sarah's mother. as they work to balance their conflicting goals of shaming a young lady while also trying to get a truthful statement about a major crime. everyone is distracted by a scream from outside. this is followed by a smattering of blood and the appearance of the alien no one previously believed in. and the police opened fire, forcing the cosmic scorpion to take a new bride. our gang groups up, but it suggested the body hopping alien is looking for the ones still inside Sarah's belly. so they opted a run for the evidence room to access the remaining dose of URL to get it out. meanwhile, the remaining officers do what they can to avoid becoming meat puppets, with limited success. as they make a grody escape, they witness the alien take revenge on officer Ruiz for slowing its progress. and Dave also tries to cover for them, but finds himself too distracted by its beauty. the ladies in search for a thumb of sufficient authority to get them into the room, and all but Kate managed to make it through the door. however, it's too late. as they bear witness to the miracle of birth. Sarah blacks out and wakes up to discover it was all just a dream, just the black part, not everything else. and Hailey's enlisted Skylar's help. while Kate strolls through town finding sustenance for her new sister-in-law. Skylar insists he didn't come back from Mexico with any excess baggage, and plays like he's cool with what's happening. but it proves to be too heavy for him, and they hear him peal out in the driveway. meanwhile, at the local come and go, nature exhibits its boundless beauty. back at the house, the girls look for any helpful evidence to find Skylar's laptop blocked as they drive at the Haley's brother, who works IT for a security firm. the biology teacher makes it out of his dangerous predicament and calls the police, where we find one lone survivor. this sends officer Lewis to the alien hotspot. meanwhile, Jerome breaks into the computer and they find a video that shows Skylar being facially inseminated by a fertility statue. they also piece together from various pictures of the ancients defeated the Scorch through a cleansing fire. Jerome then gets a word from dispatch that one of their clients failed to set their alarm that evening. the girls call and catch the officer on the brink of a propane celebration, causing him to take a second look and verify that Kate is actually there. so he holds off, but then see the cocoon is gone and goes in search of it. this results in Sarah and Haley being forced to piece things together on their own. realizing the alien wants mass copulation to replicate, they go to where they know the pheromones are absolutely popping off, Kiana's weekend rager. they bust in somewhat conspicuously and find no aliens initially, but then Keanu shows up wearing a neck scorpion. they engage in a protracted battle that mostly only results in collateral damage. the alien eventually attaches to Skylar, and when Haley zaps his boner, they finally manage to get it into a blender. Sarah then ventures into the basement alone and frees her mom from the alien sex organs. when she finds herself pinned and unable to burn the mama, she Plan B's it, injecting her with a full dose of utero, aborting the brood legs and killing the Queen. we see promising ly happy ending, so long as they can keep Skylar's dick under control. and that was Snatchers, a horror comedy that stalled out in a few places, but was put together really well and had some genuinely funny moments. if you enjoy the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 