I so Netflix has a new sci-fi movie, which is making people if he since, you know, there are other sci-fi movies haven't really been masterpieces other than this one, but there's also been an entire behind-the-scenes debacle, right? like, we don't know, paramount let go of Cloverfield paradox because they didn't think it would work well. they also kind of the same thing for annihilation. Universal actually had this one slated out to come out in January, which is the month that's been notorious for just being a dumping ground, before giving it to Netflix. so pretty much, I'm worried that Netflix is becoming the new straight-to-dvd release, and that's where a lot of people look down on Netflix movies. but I got a bunch of requests for this specific movie, and kept hearing that that ending was so mind-blowing, it would blow your mind. let me explain. so Michael Pena is this dude who keeps on having these raven-symon\xc3\xa9 visions about an attack that he thinks is going to happen. and throughout the movie, his wife is like, and this is like a sign stop. just our friends will be here soon. please make an effort. girl didn't even care that he was tweaking. she just wanted him to show up. however, if you saw take shelter, you know that it doesn't matter how crazy somebody sounds, cuz they might end up being right. and then aliens crash her dinner party. obviously, Lizzy Caplan is used to monsters invading cities, so she's able to get her family out. but Lizzy also never survives monsters invading cities. and once again, she gets her stomach ripped open. bud. [Music]. turns out she's a robot. actually, they're all robots. now, this was rewritten by the dude who rewrote a rival. so, you know, it's one of those movies that you have to rewatch in order to pick up on all the little clues. because everyone in this movie is an AI known in this world as since pretty much those visions penguin was having were actually flashbacks of when he was a robo janitor, and his wife was also a robo janitor. and all the humans created these hosts to run errands and do all these small work but then they got so paranoid that they were becoming AI robots that they had an all-out civil war and completely forgot that the computer knows your every move. and the humans left and colonized on Mars, pennies and upgrades to a wife and kids. and since they're all robots, they give pretty much eternal sunshine away their memories. like if these guys had a purge, which, you know, they kind of did, they just got a control-alt-delete those events away, and pretty much they can pretend like nothing ever happened. you know, like, like, like some humans try to do. so when the aliens attack, it's really just humans coming back, 50 ish years later, after doing a bunch of rocky training up in Mars, to come take back their planet, wearing these. okay, look, I know y'all wanted the toys to be humans, but, like, why is there a second his? but, like, I get that the costume has like some type of training thing going, but there is a blister on his thigh. it's a cool design, but like, it also feels like it was designed to be a twist. I don't know, that one movie where the aliens were allergic to water, and that was the big twist, which only made you go, rather why would the aliens go to a place at 71% h2o? well, in this one, the twist kind of hits him like a glitch, and this human randomly decides to help him, since, I guess no one told him they were gonna be killing Robo babies and paying a straight-up jump, starts his wife by mimicking that slicing scene from annihilation, and then using himself as a charging port. now, it is revealed that some of the sense did retain their memories, so they knew, you know, what was happening in case they ever came back. but, uh, you know, I'm surprised they didn't have a plan in motion. I was kind of curious how the sins have been here for like, 50 plus years, and they never once looked at little Suzy. and we're like, huh? my robot is little Suzy and Ageing. by the end of it, the sense do make it out of the city and into this secret mountain place, like in Ragnarok. and you sense, okay, I think this is a decent Netflix watch, where, even if the booty in plans to make the twist a little too forced, I also think it's kind of enjoyable. I actually think it would have worked better as a miniseries where they could have fleshed out the androids. but the director does say that he wants to make a sequel, whether since our training up in the mountains, like Batman, and then they come back one day to fully unmanned race and pretty much just recreate Rise of the Planet of the robots. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts. a bunch of Netflix movies out there. if you guys ever have any recommendations, let me know down below. like I said, a bunch of guys tweeted this one at me. a bunch of you guys commented this one, messaged me about it. so I checked it out, and it was very entertaining. still don't understand about those butt implants. I mean, just you could have got it. there's actually a lot of short stories I highly recommend just literally search up its stories where the humans are actually the aliens. and there's some really cool perspectives. so I've kind of seen this story done before and some short, short, little stories that have been out there, but I still thought this one was cool. clearly Universal had no faith in it. so they gave it to Netflix, but I'm curious to know your thoughts. definitely don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll make sure Siri doesn't attack you. 