welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka death Vader, and it's time to go back to a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, with the release of the fifth episode of the mandalorian. the new release sees the man doe and his best buddy, baby Yoda, traveling to a familiar Star Wars location and bumping into a couple of brand-new characters. throughout this video, we'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the latest episodes, overall plot, the Easter eggs and our theories on who the mysterious stranger at the end could be. this entry is packed with tons of references to the overall Star Wars universe. and out of all of the episode so far, this definitely feels like it's giving people the most fanservice. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to watch episode 5 yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day and weekly coverage on the mandalorian. and without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you. for click in this video. now let's get into a breakdown of the Mandalorian, episode 5. okay, so episode 5, titled the gunslinger, picks up right after the events of episode 4, with mando leaving saga in order to find safe harbor in the galaxy. last time, the character had hoped that he might have found a safe place for baby Yoda to grow old, well, grow old very slowly, because, damn, my man looks good for 50. however, all hopes of this happening were dashed away by a bounty hunter that showed up trying to kill the character. as grief kaga told the Mandalorian, the baby has a tracking fob in it. and this means that no matter where they go, no matter where they hide, they will always have to look over their shoulder. this is exemplified by the opening of episode 5, in which we see mando ship the razor's crest, being chased through space by a bounty hunter. and really talked all that much about the races crest in my breakdown videos so far, but it's actually a former military craft that mono had repurposed in order to carry out his missions. the razor's crest has a very similar design to many of the clone troopers ships, and is said to have existed before the rise of the Empire. thus we can guess that it was used in military campaigns during the Clone Wars. it's age shows itself to as the Bounty Hunter that follow the pair busts up one of the engines of the craft. Amano has to use special tactics in order to take out the pursuer. I love how the bounty hunter, named Ryu ma, has a sort of fighter pilot look to him. and this kind of reminded me a bit of Top Gun and Independence Day, with his mask and helmet bearing a lot of similarities to the ones that we would see in our own world. baby Yara can be seen strapped in tight and this kind of shows how he will be in the episode, as the character pretty much takes a backseat to most of the proceedings. mando, desperate to land, goes to the closest planet to him, and he is hailed in by none other than moss eisely tower. that's right, we're visiting probably the most famous planet in the Star Wars universe, Tatooine, home of the likes of the Skywalker's obi-wan Kenobi, Jabba the Hutt, and pit droids from the Phantom Menace, which we see waiting to greet him upon his arrival. mando, a little paranoid for obvious reasons, shoots at them upon exiting his ship. and this draws the attention of Pelham Otto, the mechanic that works at the bay, who offers to fix his ship. as we've seen though, mando has found it more difficult getting a job than Jesse Smollett. sorry, juice, a small eh. and he spent the last couple of weeks running from the Empire and bounty hunters rather than working. luckily, he's in the one place that has the galaxy's biggest collection of scum and villainy, and he heads to the infamous Mos Eisley cantina to look for work. the lead up to this is filled with hints that the Empire is in welcome on the planet. and we also see the pit droids and Pelle playing a game of sabacc, which is notorious in the Star Wars universe. baby Yoda also makes a force cry. I want to say force cry. anyway. it's the same noise that ob1 used to scare off the Tusken Raiders in a new hope. and this draws the attention of pally, who's probably over the moon that she's actually managed to find the one thing that her kids have been asking for this Christmas. watching the little guy walk down the ramp is adorable. and who wouldn't instantly fall in love with the character Darth Vader? probably, yeah, that's who. curse your cold heart, Vader. anyway, in the lead-up to the canteen, and we pass the outside of it, which is sure exactly how it was in a new hope. and we also see where Luke and Han met for the first time and where Greedo said the infamous Ashton Stone words, McClung key every week before doing a video, I do wonder how I'm gonna get him a clunky reference in. and they pretty much handed this one on a play with one of the main characters in the episode, Toro, sitting in the exact same place that Han shot first. way, or was it was a Greedo shot first? no, no, it was Han. wait, I don't even know anymore. Toro is played by the son of Bobby Cannavale, who you may recognize from the Irishman and ant-man. and he has a job for the character. it needs a hand. the target is Fennec Shand and knowing her reputation as an elite mercenary, man Oh turns it down. this is Toros first job, and he offers man no the entire money for doing it, as long as he helps him, due to the fact that doing the job will get him into the guild. we all know man who loves to help young men. and it's great seeing him rub shoulders with a new bounty hunter. also we see a droid working in the cantina, that could be the same one that worked in Jabba's palace, and a gonk droid patrolling his ship. I guess the most Eisley cantina changed their position on the no droid policy, which just shows you this show is so woke. mando learns the hard way that you don't leave baby odor behind. but luckily, Pelle is on the case. Toro brings to soup bikes as their rides. and for those who don't know, these were introduced in shadows of the Empire before being brought into the main Star Wars law. one looks extremely similar to the one that Anakin rides in the attack of the clones, and he and Toro head out. the scene is incredible. and whenever they do these kind of shots in the Mandalorian they always knock it out of the park. I love how there's a sort of race between the two, as it shows just how much Toro wishes to impress. and he races ahead like a bull at one of them Spanish things, because, because, because he's called Toro. as with most journeys into the wilderness of Tatooine, the pair come across some Tusken Raiders and banter, similar to how they got Luke in a new hope. we see two just idling by, whilst the real threats sneak up on them. it's actually good to see Raiders not just attacking for the sake of it for once. and hey, maybe these guys just have a bad rep after all. maybe maybe Kathleen Kennedy isn't a bad person, eating I can't say that. the two then run into a two back, which is pulling a dead bounty under behind it. before you can even say, I have a bad feeling about this, mando spots the tracking fob and is shot by fennec from afar with an MK modified rifle man who decides to wait until nightfall for the cover of darkness. and this is really like a cat-and-mouse situation. I don't know if you've ever played Metal Gear Solid 3, but there was a part in it in which you went face to face with a sniper across like, a huge open world area. and this gave me a lot of flashbacks of that. you could even set the difficulty so that it was one shot, one kill. and I loved situations that have snipers in them, as it's just so tense and slow overall, it makes for one of the best action set-pieces that we've had in the series so far. the to race across the area on sweet bikes, using flash transmitters, or as we call them, players, to blind the Scopes of fennec. and were able to see her up close and personal. and I realized that she's played by my BAE Mei, from agents of shield. she's always excellent, and yet she certainly doesn't disappoint yet. it looks like mando is down by the character, but Toro sneaks up on her, buying time for mando to get in close and capture the mercenary. they take her and alive after some persuasion from mando. they even call mando mando in this episode, which, yeah, I found that a bit funny. now, fennec does pay lip service to not sing the Mandalorians for a long time, and also about Navarro, which is revealed to be the planet that the client and griefer on. Toro realizes that this entire time he's been with one of the most wanted people in the entire galaxy. and fennec says that if he lets a go, they can split the bounty. Toro isn't exactly into sharing anymore, though, and he decides to shoot her instead, stealing the idea. mando returns to pick them up on his to you back, and discovers their body and then heads back to Mos Eisley. now, personally, I don't know if fennec is actually dead, and we do see feet later on, approaching her body. I'll get into that later at the end of the video. but yeah, I just have a feeling that she'll be back back at the bay. Toro has captured baby Yoda and Pelle, and he wants to take them all into achieved legendary status luckily for mando, the kid is an absolute idiot, and it's not like we've seen him get out of worse situations than this before. I love how Pelle says, you're smarter than you look, cuz to me just looks like Boba Fett, who who was an idiot. let's face it, wasn't it yet. he did nothing. ie fell into a pit, and that was it. he pretty much mr. Magoo his way through the entire store series. don't at me. and mando kills taro easily. but worst of all, it looks like baby Yoda may be hurt. luckily though, he's okay. and we remember we must protect baby Yoda at all costs. Pelle takes Toros body to beggars Canyon, and, man, Oh, heads up, up and away. the episode ends on a sort of cliffhanger, with a stranger approaching Phoenix body. not only does this hint that the character could be still alive, to me, which I really hope she is, because it's a waste of talent to kill her off this early, but it also hints at what could be happening down the line. now, this could be a number of characters. I'll just go over the top three theories that I've seen on the internet. so we can see that the character wears that cape. so it could either be grief cargo, who is hot on the tail of mando after his big escape in Episode three. and he does seem like the kind of guy that would jangle when he walks. he could also be after fennec, if she has a high price on her head. however, we rarely ever see grief get his hands dirty, and he seems more like a handler rather than someone who would go out on a job himself. the other theory that I've seen bounded about, that seems very unlikely, is that it's the client. I'm not sure, looks wise, if he quite fits this mold. and similar to grief, he doesn't seem like the type of character that would go out and do things himself. what seems most likely is that it's, in fact, Giancarlo Esposito, who is rumored to be playing a character known as moth Gideon. we did see a shot of him in the trailer in similar surroundings to Tatooine, and from his costume, he looks very closely dressed to the minor glimpse that we got fennec, also in the episode, appears to be wearing an imperial uniform, which could show that she is, or at least has been, in line with them off. and this is why he would be looking for her, as it's likely that fennec tried to escape the group, hence why she has a bounty on her head. now, for those that don't know, a moth is a high-ranking Imperial governor. and no doubt, the larger the legend of the Mandalorian and the child becomes, the more that the higher-ups will be after them. I think this will definitely be the most likely scenario, and I can't wait to see what happens in the future, especially if they're gonna go head-to-head with imperialist figures. again, this show is breaking the bad curse of Star Wars follow-ups. and yeah, I'm absolutely loving it right now. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Mandalorian Episode five, as well as what your theories for the future. Oh, make sure you leave them in the comment section below. and if you enjoyed this video, then force push that like button and make sure you check out our full breakdown of Korra tune, which would be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the character and give our theories on how she hints at how the first order was created. it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. and if you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be, it's free to joining. we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2 box on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel amour. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the mandalorian in the comment section below. but when it's gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 