[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2019 superhero film, Captain Marvel. so let's get started. just a quick point to make this easier. the Kree is an alien Empire that our main character is a part of, led by an AI known as the supreme intelligence. the Skrull are a shape-shifting alien race that are often at war with a Kree. the film opens in 1995 on the Kree planet of Halle, with burrs training with her mentor, Yann Rock, and seeing visions of her past. during a mission, vers is captured by Talos, a member of the Skrull race, and a probe of her memory leads them to earth. reverse escapes and crash lands in Los Angeles. shield agents Nick Fury and Phil Coulson come to investigate the crash, but are interrupted by a Skrull attack. a chase occurs, a Skrull version of Agent Coulson is killed by Nick Fury. and Talos, disguised as Fury's boss, Keller, tells fury to work with burrs and keep tabs on her. using her extracted memories. burrs and fury go to a US. Air Force Base. they discover that vers was a human pilot that died in 1989 while testing an experimental jet engine designed by dr. Wendell awesome hoover's has been seeing in her visions Talos disguises. Keller arrives and Fury discovers his ruse. and fury help sever's escape with a cat named goose in a jet they all fly away to Louisiana to meet with former pilot Maria Rambo, the last person to see a vers and dr. Lawson alive. Maria reveals that vs. actually Carol Danvers, who is once a very close family friend. Dallas arrives unarmed and explains that the scrolls are not actually their enemies, and that they are refugees searching for a new home, and that dr. Lawson, aka Marvel, was a renegade Kree scientist helping them. Tallis plays a recording that triggers Dan versus memories, remembering that dr. Lawson was killed by Dan versus mentor John Robb to prevent her from destroying the engine of her experimental jet so the Kree could not have the technology. Danvers herself destroyed the engine absorb the energy from the explosion, gaining immense powers, but losing her memories. the group located a secret, cloaked satellite orbiting earth, where dr. Lawson hit several Scrolls, including Tallis's family and the tesseract, the power source of dr. Lawson's is experimental engine. Danvers is captured by the Cree and interfaces with the supreme intelligence. during the conversation, Danvers removes the implant suppressing her powers, and is able to reach her full potential and begins fighting. during the battle, fury discovers that the cat goose is actually an alien called a Fleur Kim, and swallows several curry warriors as well as the tesseract. goose also scratches Fury's eye, explaining the eyepatch that he wears in nearly every Marvel movie. Danvers destroys a Kree ship and forces Ronan, the accuser, the same one from guardians the galaxy, to retreat. Danvers overpowers yon rock and sends him back to the Supreme intelligence with a warning. Danvers leaves to find a new homeworld for the Skrulls, giving nick fury a modified pager to contact her with in case of emergency, the same one seen at the post-credits scene in Avengers infinity war. fury then starts the Avengers initiative. during a mid-credits scene in 2018, the activated pagers being monitored by the Avengers. when Danvers returns in a post-credits scene, we see goose regurgitate the tesseract on a Fury's desk. so that was a spoilers for Captain Marvel. if you have another film you'd like to see you spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 