everything is fair in love and war. this quote is so much related to this movie. many countries have been erased from the world map with time, sometimes for war between kings and sometimes for political flaws. but to get to know how important is love in this war, watch the whole video. greetings friends. i'm back here to you with a movie about war and adventure released in 2004, named troy. at the beginning of the movie, we saw a man named agamemnon, who was a powerful king from the greece empire. he gets in another king's land with his troops. then the king of that area also came there with his troops. then agamemnon and the other king talked to each other face to face. the king said to agamemnon that get out of my land with your troops. but agamemnon said that i want you to fight for me. then the king said, you can't conquer the whole world. then agamemnon said that many kings like him have already told him that, but now they are fighting beside me. then agamemnon said that we should end this war like our ancestors did. call your greatest warrior, and i will call my greatest warrior, they will have a fight. if your warrior wins, then tomorrow morning i will get out of your land with my troops. but if my warrior wins, then you get to keep your kingdom, but whenever i call you, you will have to come to me with all your troops and be ready to fight for me. the other king accepted agamemnon's offer and calls his greatest warrior, bowagrius. and then an eight-foot tall and muscular guy comes forward, who looks like a great warrior by his look. and then agamemnon called his warrior, achilles. but no one comes forward from there. watching this, all of the troops from the opposite side started laughing. and the other king said, people get scared watching boa agrees, sometimes agamemnon said, you don't even understand who you're talking about. at that time, a man on the back of a horse comes in and said, achilles didn't come here with the live troops. then agamemnon asked him, then, where is he? then the man said, i've sent a guy to get him here. then we saw that achilles was sleeping with naked woman. and the man who portrays the character of achilles was none other than the greatest actor of hollywood, brad pitt. and in this movie, brad pitt acted like a true actor, and it was magnificent. and then achilles reached there in the warfield. then agamemnon said to him that for your mistake, you should be punished. but achilles said, go fight your war on your own. and then started walking back. then the other king said to him, look at these thousands of warriors. if you fight for them, then they will be alive. you can stop this war from happening. and he said it because if boagris and achilles fight, then the decision will be taken from their battle. and agamemnon was a great king, and he had so many kings beside him. whenever he called them, they had to come to the warfield with their troops. and achilles also lived in agamemnon's kingdom, but he didn't want to work for him. and achilles is a great warrior. he lives in agamemnon's kingdom, but they can't tolerate each other. whenever achilles thinks it's right, then he comes to the war. and when he thinks it is not right, then he doesn't come. and agamemnon couldn't tolerate achilles, and in some corner of his heart he was four achilles. then achilles said to the other king that suppose if the kings fought their fight on their own, then how cool it would be. and after saying that, he started walking towards boagris to fight with him. he started running toward him and killed him with just one stab with his sword. then he stood against all the troops and screamed, if any of you have the guts to fight me, then come, let's fight. but none of the warriors were that brave to fight with achilles. then the king came there and gave something to achilles and said to him, give it to your king. but then achilles said, he is not my king and left. the name of the movie is troy, because there was a great war named troy, and there was a kingdom named troy. the king of troy had two sons. one of them was hector and the other was paris. and hector was also a great warrior, like achilles, and he was famous all over the world for his fighting skills. hector and paris came to sparta. they came to sparta because there was a war going on between sparta and troy for so long, but they want to shake hands of friendship. they were so hospitable to hector, paris and their men. and they stayed there for so long. the king of sparta was the younger brother of agamemnon, and his wife's name was helen. helen was so beautiful, and she was famous all over the world for her beauty. but helen and paris fall in love and started an affair. after that, when they were returning to troy. then paris took helen with him on their boat and told him about their affair. in the middle of their journey, hector got so angry after hearing this, because hector knew they will have to pay for what they've done. and told them to turn the boat around. he will return helen to sparta, where she came from. because i don't want any war and troy for my brother paris, and thousands of people will die from this war. then paris said, if you return helen to sparta, then i will stay there with her too. then hector said, they will kill you. then perez said, i can't live without the love of my life, and i'm not scared of anyone. then hector became quiet listening to paris. and they came back to their kingdom troy with helen. then we can see that agamemnon's brother went to agamemnon and said, they kidnapped my wife. and they didn't just insult me, but they have insulted the whole kingdom. that's why i want to declare a war against them. i want to attack them. will you come with me? then agamemnon replied, yes, of course, i will be with you. agamemnon always wanted to attack troy for so long. and he wanted to conquer troy. it was his dream, and now it is time to make it true. and the most adventurous thing about this war is that achilles doesn't want to join this war because he doesn't want to fight for agamemnon. at night, when agamemnon and his friends were planning strategy for the war, then his friends said, we will need achilles for this war. then agamemnon said that no one can control achilles. maybe we will find out that instead of fighting for us against troy, he will start fighting against us. and agamemnon was so cruel his friends said this was to be the greatest war of all time. maybe there was no war like this one in history. that's why we need a great warrior in this war. and achilles is that great warrior. and then agamemnon sent a king to achilles. he said that they have insulted us. but achilles replied that they have insulted only one person, and i have no relation with that person. then the king said, this was going to be the greatest war in history, and whoever will fight in this war will be remembered for thousands of years. and achilles wants that his name should be remembered until the end of the world. but achilles didn't answer anything to the king. and that day he went to meet his mother. and there is a belief that achilles mother was a goddess. and friends, here, i want to tell you another fact about achilles, which is not present in this movie, but it's in the history. when achilles was born, his mother grabbed his feet. in other words, his mother grabs his ankle and drowned him in river water. and that is why his whole body was immortal, but only where his mom grabbed him. his ankle was the only place that was not immortal. then his mother said, i know they want you to join this war, but if you don't join this war, you will get a beautiful wife and kids, but no one will remember your name. but if you join this war, your name will be remembered until the end of this world. and if you join this war, you will never be able to come back, and i will never get to see you again. achilles then asked his mother if everything was going to happen that his mother just said. then his mother replied that, yes, i know all of this will happen, and he will never come back. he will die. but after all this, achilles decided to join the war and started getting ready for the war of troy. thousands of boats sailed in the sea for that war. on the other side, when hector came back to troy, he told his father that we should return helen to sparta. but his father said that i know they both love each other, and after falling in love with helen, paris has changed a lot. but hector replied that he can't see the whole kingdom and fire for his brother's love. on the other side, menelaus has already went to his brother. menelaus was the man whose wife was kidnapped by paris. then hector said that, you know agamemnon very well. he wants to destroy us for so long, and if they attack us, we will never be able to win this war. then his father said, the walls of troy are so tall that no one will ever be able to pass these walls. friends, the walls of troy were actually so tall and no man could pass these walls. but hector was a man of good heart. he can't let troy get destroyed for his brother's mistake. and love. on the other side, thousands of boats were sailing towards troy. then agamemnon realized that one boat is ahead of them. then agamemnon asked his friends, whose boat is this? they replied that it was achilles boat. agamemnon then asked, what does he want to do? does he want to conquer troy with his few troops? and then achilles boat reached the beach, but the other boats were so far from him. achilles gets down on the beach and fought with bravery. all the other troops from the boat were shouting his name, achilles, achilles. and seeing this, agamemnon became very sad. but then his friend told him, let him win this war and win the real war on your own. agamemnon said, i have given so many wars to achilles before. and after winning that war, he got the fame. no one remembered the name of the king behind him. and agamemnon couldn't tolerate this. on the other side, achilles and his troops fought with bravery. there was an apollo temple. and they looted the temple too, and killed all the people who were there and made them hostages. then hector came in front of him, and before that, they killed all of hector's men. achilles was with his troops, but achilles said to hector that we will fight tomorrow, and you can go home now and leave him alone. on the other hand, when achilles came back to his tent, he saw a girl who was tied to his tent. one of his troops said, we took her from the apollo temple as a hostage. the girl was hector's cousin. the girl said to achilles that you have killed the priests of the temple. achilles replied that i have killed a lot of people, but none of them were priests. but then the girl said, maybe he didn't kill them, but your troops did. but the apollo god will never tolerate this. he will take revenge from you. achilles said, then why is he being late? the girl replied, that time will tell everything. achilles said, that all priests are dead and the caretaker is my hostage now, then why is he being so late? achilles realized that she was from a royal family and asked her if she was scared. the girl replied, should i be scared? then achilles said, you don't have to be scared of anything. you're safe here. then one troop enters the tent and said, agamemnon is calling for winning the war. then achilles went there. there were many kings along with agamemnon. agamemnon told all the kings to get out of there. then agamemnon asked, what do you think everyone will remember you for today's victory? people always remember the kings. achilles then replied, when we were fighting and won the war, our king was in the middle of the ocean. agamemnon then said, that your troops have looted the apollo temple as well. achilles replied, if you want something from there, then you can have it. all of those are gifts for me. agamemnon then replied he had already taken all of those. and right then, agamemnon called someone, and they came inside with the girl, to whom achilles said, you have nothing to worry about. you're safe here. then achilles said to agamemnon, if you want to get out of here alive, then leave the girl alone. but then the girl said, too much blood has already been shed, and i don't want another war for me. then achilles became quiet. and agamemnon got amazed and said, an ordinary girl like her has made the greatest warrior quiet. and to make him more angry, agamemnon also said that tonight this girl will give me shower, and that no one knows what else is going to happen. then achilles got so angry and said, before i die, i will kill you. and then he left. the next day, when they were going for the troy war, then some close friends of achilles, who were also great warriors like him, came to achilles and said, everyone is going to join the war. but achilles said, none of us will join the war, and we will not fight this war. on the other hand, hector and his brother came to the war field, and agamemnon and his brother came as opposition party. then paris said to agamemnon that this war is all about helen, because i love her, and your brother also wants her. so this war should take place between your brother and me rather than thousands of troops. whoever wins the fight between the two of us will take helen to his kingdom. but agamemnon didn't accept this offer because he was not there to get back his brother's wife. he was there to conquer troy. but agamemnon's brother said, let me fight with him first, so i get to take my revenge, and then you will attack on troy. but then agamemnon's brother in paris started fighting menelaus was about to kill paris. then hector came in and killed agamemnon's brother. then agamemnon got the chance to declare war against troy, since achilles is not with them in the war. so they had to face defeat. many greatest warriors of agamemnon died there. they were about to lose. then agamemnon's troops said that we were here to get back your brother's wife, but today your brother is no more, so this war doesn't make any sense. that night, agamemnon called the meeting and said that we need achilles. we have to get him and his troops back at any cost. and he also said that no matter how much i beg him, he will not fight for me anymore. then his friend asked, where's that girl? agamemnon replied, i didn't even touch her. i gave her to my troops. then we saw that the troops were behaving so rudely with that girl. and then achilles came there, kills one of the troops, then he took the girl with him to his tent. then the girl asked him, why did you choose a life of a great warrior? achilles replied, i didn't choose to be a warrior. i was born and now here i am. then achilles said, you have devoted your whole life to the gods, then what do you have to say about the god of war who makes sheet out of dead men's skin, killed by his own hand? the girl replied, i don't know much about gods, but all i know and believe is that we should respect all the gods. then achilles said, let me tell you a mystery that no priest will tell you in the temple. he said, all the gods hate us because we are not immortal like them. we can lose our life at any moment. that is why all the moments of our life are so beautiful. you are looking beautiful right now, but maybe some days later you won't be like this anymore. then the girl said, i thought you were wild. then they both fell asleep. but at night, that girl tries to kill achilles with a knife. but with his eyes closed, achilles said, go on, kill me. then the girl said, if i don't kill you tonight, then you will kill many more achilles then said, yes, you're right. i will do it. but the girl couldn't kill him. rather, they had sex, and maybe they fell in love with each other. and this time achilles decided that he will not join the war. and he was getting ready to go back. he told his men to get all of their belongings to the boat, because we will sail for home. but that night, the troops of troy attacked them. but this act was against the rule of war. hector told everyone not to do this. but no one listened to him. and at night, all the troops of troy attacked them. one cousin of achilles also joined this war, and they were like twins. his face was exactly the same as achilles. and achilles loved him so much. but he was angry at achilles because they were going back while the people of his country were dying. he wanted to fight for them. at night, when the troops of troy attacked them, then achilles cousin dressed up as a soldier and took his sword and shield. then went to the war field with his troops. and they thought it was achilles. in reality, it was not achilles, but his cousin. and all the troops thought it was achilles. and went to the warfield, and he was fighting like achilles, because he was trained by achilles. now he went face to face with hector, but hector killed him. after killing him, they found out that it was not achilles, but his brother. one of the kings said that he is not achilles, he's achilles cousin. then hector goes back. after getting back, hector was so tense. he showed his wife a hidden tunnel and said, if the situation gets worse, then run away from here with everyone on the other side. when achilles got to know that his brother was killed by hector, he got so angry. and next morning he was standing against the wall of troy and asked hector to come out. then hector comes out and said, i want to make one thing very clear, whoever wins this fight will have to respect the other. but achilles said, there will be no deal between a lion and an ordinary human. but then the fight between achilles and hector was so brutal. but in this battle, hector dies. but after killing him, achilles ties him to his wrath and drags him to his tent. watching this, all the people of troy get scared and depressed, because all of them loved hector so much, and he was the man of kind heart. on the other side, the king of troy came to achilles tent at night and said that he was to take his son back. i want to give him the respect that all the warriors receive after death. but achilles said, if i want, i can kill you right now. but the king said, my young son is dead in front of me. what do you think i'm scared of death. they talked for a while. and at last achilles decided that he will give hector back to him. and he does that. and then achilles said, when someone dies in our country, we mourn for him for 12 days. then the king of troy also said, yes, we do that too. then achilles said to him, i promise you that in these 12 days, no one will attack troy. then bracius came there, who was hector's cousin. the king said, we thought you were killed. and then achilles also let her go. achilles said to her that you can go without any hesitation. no one will stop you. but on the other side, agamemnon was so angry on achilles. why did he give them 12 days of time? he also said it was the right time to attack them. but his friend said, that hector is dead, but we still can't pass those tall walls of troy. then one of the kings has an idea. he made a big horse out of wood and cleared the beach. after that, there was no battle for 12 days, because achilles promised them that in these 12 days there will be no attack on troy. and after 12 days, when the people of troy came out, they saw that there was no boat or any of their troops. rather, there is a big horse made out of wood. and there were so many dead bodies in front of the wooden horse. and they died from plague disease. then the people of troy said they had insulted the apollo temple, so the gods gave them plague as a curse. then the commander of troy said, we should burn this horse right here, and taking this inside of troy would not be appropriate. but one of the priests said, we should not do this, because this is a sign of the god poseidon, and we should take this horse to the poseidon temple. and they took it inside of troy. the people of troy were celebrating because they thought they have won the war. and this war was going on for 10 years. but on the other side, agamemnon didn't leave. he just hid his boats and troops. then we saw that from the wooden horse, achilles and his troops were coming out at night, and they attacked inside troy and opened the gate. and then agamemnon gets into troy with all his troops. they set the troy city on fire. they killed all the people of troy, from children to old people. and the king of troy, whose name was priyam, was killed by agamemnon. then agamemnon saw that there was bresius, lover of achilles, sat in front of a statue of god and praying. agamemnon gets there and grabs her from the back. then said, achilles has tasted you. that's why i also want to taste you right? then she killed agamemnon with a little knife. but the troops who were with agamemnon were about to kill her, but then achilles came there and killed them. on the other hand, brisius was about to fall from the temple, but achilles got her. then the younger of hector paris came there and saw them. then paris throws an arrow in achilles ankle. and the arrow went from this side to the other side of his ankle. and as i told you earlier, the whole body of achilles is immortal, except for his ankle. but still, he gets up, feeling all the pain from that arrow, and started walking towards paris. but in the meantime, paris shoots three, four arrows at achilles. and achilles fell on his knee. but when paris was shooting arrows at achilles. his brother, brisius, was screaming at him not to shoot achilles, but he didn't listen to brisias and kept shooting arrows at achilles. then he came to his cousin and said, come with me. then achilles told her that go away from here, because the whole city of troy is going to be destroyed now. but she didn't want to go from there, because she loved her so much, and achilles also loved her a lot. but she had to get out of there, so she left. and achilles died there. and like that, a great warrior died. and all the people around him were looking at him. and then at the end, his body was set on fire. and his lover, brisius, was looking at the smoke coming out of his body from a distance. and here the movie ends. so friends, we tried to explain this classic movie to you in very few words. if you like this story, then please let me know in the comments down below. and if you haven't watched the previous videos off my channel, then click on the videos on your screen to watch them. and lastly, i will say, stay safe. stay well. thanks 