[Music]. recently, I discussed the ending of the new Netflix show maniac. whilst I gave a surface level account of the show's final episode, it's clear that there were deeper things going on in the closing scenes. throughout this video, I'll be discussing my alternative ending theory on the show, as well as the evidence to support it. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this video for now if you're yet to finish the program. with that out the way, I'm definition. and this is my alternative ending theory on maniac. maniac ending wraps the storyline with a nice little ball that sees our heroes ride off into the sunset. it's the perfect finale for what our two protagonists have just went through, and will leave many with a smile on their face. but did it actually happen? fans of films such as Inception and Total Recall know that when a piece of media contains skews on reality, it can often be difficult for characters to discern what is real and what is fake by the end. and mania is no different. throughout the show, we get little hints that the two characters, Annie and Owen, may still be living in a dream world. the biggest red flag is that the finale is a fantasy that Owen described to Annie earlier in the show. and it seems unlikely that something he envisioned would come to fruition so perfectly, especially with the poor situation that he finds himself in at the shows clothes. another signifier that this is all a dream is the fact that we see two parked cars in the close of the show, which are the same ones that Bruce and owen drove in their simulations. we also witness Annie sign her name as Wendy Lemuria, which is a reference to Wendy at the Lima. the name Urich appears further up the list, which is, of course, a call from the elfin fantasy that Annie was a part of. some have argued that the machine was pulling in elements from the real world. however, the points I've just mentioned make it impossible in my eyes, and confirms that the entire event was just a simulation. in addition to this, there are also elements like the door called being guessed correctly, even though it appeared in this Malaysian first and reality later. one of the most incredible fan theories, I've heard, also comes from the fact that Owen witnesses trembling in the real world and then later during the simulation, which could hint at the fact that all of the events in the show, including the introductory episode or Park, of a simulation. unfortunately, with this being a limited series, it is unlikely that we will ever get conclusive answers. but it's still fun to speculate on exactly how the show ended, and I can't wait to unpick it in greater detail. so what did you think of maniac? are they still in a simulation? or did everything end is perfectly for the characters as they perceive? comment below and let me know. and I just want to give a huge thank you to all those who left their thoughts on my last video. it massively helped them putting together this one. so make sure you check that one out, linked at the end of this one. if you enjoy this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel, as I create breakdowns like this weekly. and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of television. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you 