emily used to live in a home filled with happiness. both parents are very love her. she, like most, is playing hide-and-seek. every evening, when the mother sued emily to sleep, will play this game. the door in the room will always be half closed. at 206 in the morning, david was startled to wake up, but did not see his wife lying beside his wife. a few hours ago, that was normal, but now she was lying motionless in the bath. david hugged his wife, crying in pain. he didn't know that emily was standing behind and witness all. the death of mother made a little girl became more contemplative. she always blankly looking the scenery far away from the window. as a psychologist, david is very sensitive. he guessed his dog atra had a problem. so david and emily moved to a suburban town. he wanted to change a new environment for his daughter. they have reached a peaceful town. david is being introduced to the host. he just looked over, and then couldn't see emily. everyone went looking for her. then they saw the little girl look toward the small road which led to the forest. at night, david replaced her mother, coaxing to bed as usual. but emily did not interest with him, which makes david very sad. in the morning, emily went back to the small road yesterday. she went to the hillside and find a cave. she saw something that made her scared to throw away the doll she loved best. when she got home, david saw that there is all mud under her shoes. by evening, david found emily very strange. but she said she didn't like the doll anymore because she has a new friend named charlie now. but when david asked her who charlie was, emily did not want to say anything else. david extremely suspicious. he thought that the man named charlie is actually a friend who emily imagined after being traumatized. later, david found out that the doll emily used to like best in the trash with its face was cut with large marks. david was surprised. how could his obedient daughter do something like that? at 206 in the morning, david woke up from a nightmare. he went to the bathroom and saw the same image as when his wife committed suicide. emily had stood there. he asked her why she did it. but emily didn't accept that she did it. she said it was charlie's making. david wanted to say something, but thinking about his daughter's recent shock, he could only ignore it to help emily make new friends. david specially invited his new friend, elizabeth, and her niece to come to his house. elizabeth niece is very active and agile. she also took the initiative to take her doll out to play with emily. but emily distorted the face of the doll. then she warned the girl to leave now, or else she would get hurt. at night, david is boiling water for preparing tea. he has only been two steps, then he saw boiling water pouring out. every strange thing happened to david. david went to emily's room. he saw his daughter not sleeping, but also giggled. she said she was just playing with charlie, but he was gone. david poked his head out the window to look. david couldn't open this window before, making him think it was broke because of too old. now the window is opening. strangely, with emily's strength, she definitely can't be opened it. so david said to his daughter that he wanted to meet with charlie. but emily said that charlie did not like david to deny the request of him. david went downstairs and recorded status changes of emily. after the dad go emily continues playing hide and seek with charlie. she went to the basement, but still can't find charlie. the light of the basement suddenly goes out, threatening emily to scream loudly. david ran to and found emily in the basement. he asked emily about what happened, but she desperately replied to her father that charlie has escaped. at night, elizabeth visited again. emily realized she was intentional to her father. emily is like becoming a different person. she dressed her mother old clothes to claim her mother's sovereignty. at dinner, she actively told elizabeth that her mother had committed suicide in the bathroom. it makes the dinner ended in unpleasantness. david was waking from nightmares again. what's more frightening is the scene of his wife's suicide reappeared in the bathroom again. but the thing in the bath is his cat. david went to emily's room, and he saw that she was waiting for him. emily firstly said it was charlie's doing. she told david to trust her. david now has little baffled. he left the room. david went back to the kitchen to put the cat in the bag and buried it under a tree in the yard. the next day, david saw that emily's illness had become more and more serious. he wants to talk properly about charlie. emily led her father to her room, preparing him to see charlie's true face, but david only saw paintings on the wall. david felt that relying on himself alone wouldn't solve emily's problem. then he invited her former psychiatrist named catherine to come and treat emily. after talking to emily, catherine had results. she said, emily's condition is a bit serious, and she hoped to bring emily back to her home for further treatment. but david refused. he wanted to observe emily's situation for another two weeks. if that wasn't all right, he would take her to catherine's by himself. catherine did not say more and left. at night, david quietly went to emily's room. he opened emily's diary and saw on the corner of every page a small picture was drawn. but when david combined them together, it was the scene of his wife committing suicide in the bath perhaps that incident had a great influence on emily. at this moment, emily suddenly appeared behind david. frantically turned to leave. he casually closed the door for his daughter halfway. but emily told her dad to close the door and act as if she didn't need the light anymore. the next day, elizabeth came to david's house again. she wanted to ease her relationship with emily. while david was wearing his headphone, she went directly to emily's room. she was playing hide and seek with charlie. when elizabeth opened the closet door, she seemed to have seen something frightening, then she slipped down from the window. the police received news and came david's house to investigate. at that time, david was wearing his headphones and taking notes, so he said he did not meet elizabeth. however, emily also said she did not see elizabeth here. after waiting for the police to leave, david asked emily again about this her feelings are a bit unstable. her hand is holding an alarm clock. the clock is only 206 a.m. now the truth is gradually being revealed. what does 206 am mean? who is the man named charlie? david went to the bathtub and saw elizabeth was there. he took out a flashlight in the kitchen and stormed out, looking for charlie's whereabouts. now emily sneaked downstairs and called catherine. she expressed no desire to play with charlie anymore, begging catherine to quickly come over to pick her up. the neighbor found david extremely urgent, so he asked an elite situation. david wondered why that man cares about his daughter, and thought he was charlie. so david suddenly hit his neighbor with a knife and quickly went his home and closed the door. david hugged his daughter tightly, and at the same time said that no one can hurt her. david looked over to the locker room door. david entered and saw that his headphones and notebooks were still in his pocket. not even a word on the notebook, but apparently he was still using it. a few days ago, at this moment in david's mind, appeared a few things. it turned out that david's nightmare began at a party. that day he saw his wife cheating with another man. david was extremely resentful, which made him kill his wife. but then he did not dare to believe everything happened, so he imagined himself for one more personality. the person emily saw the cave was david. it was just then that he made emily call him charlie. elizabeth was also pushed by david, doctors cannot cure themselves. and doctors can help people, but cannot help themselves. who would have thought that a psychiatrist would have mental illness? the man woke up every day from 206 a.m was david. the time when he slept to 206 a.m, he was charlie. that's why david saw that the kettle boiled quickly. actually, during that time, charlie appeared and went out with emily. that's why he has no memory of the time. moreover, every time david wears his headphones to take notes, is when charlie is active. but that also explains why there isn't a single word on the notebook, because he never wrote. he did not dare to believe himself as charlie. so david hit and let charlie appear. he knocked out the neighbour interrogating david. catherine received the call immediately arrived there. then he continued to play hide and seek with emily. emily and catherine ran to the cave before charlie stepped closer. emily begged charlie not to harm katherine because catherine is her friend. but her words added to charlie's jealousy that made him feel he had to do against emily's will. at that moment, catherine suddenly appeared and killed charlie, who is david as well? this nightmare is finally over. let's take a look at charlie's motives. this personality of david appears when he learns that his wife cheats and kills her. after his wife died, he devoted all of his love to his daughter. he was afraid that his daughter would betray him like his wife, so he took too much control over her. he hopes emily has only one friend as him. not even a dollar cat cannot take his position. so before emily chased the girl away, actually wanted to protect that girl. because emily understood if charlie knew, that little girl was very likely to become the victim of him. at first she and charlie played happily together. but later, charlie's behavior became even more extreme. so even if emily was scared, she did not dare to tell her father, because she thought that would probably make charlie crazy. so emily called catherine over to pick her up. don't be in a hurry, the movie isn't over yet. after everything was settled, catherine adopted emily. however, in emily's drawings, we can see that she draw herself with two heads. so maybe emily is also two personalities as well. if the father with two personalities and the daughter also with two this house must have four people in total. maybe these four people will randomly meet each other. the time charlie appeared and met the fake emily, means that the fake emily was a partner who did crimes with charlie. but when charlie meets the real emily, the two of them will also play hide-and-seek. actually, in a movie, we can also see emily has a heterogeneous personality. the real emily was a cheerful she had to leave the door open a little when she slept. another emily forced her father to close the door, it was shown through the gloomy drawings of the little girl and when she was dressed in mother clothes. related to the fact that emily has two personalities, one more detail is difficult to detect. that was after david was shot dead by catherine. emily cried, but we could hear that her sound liked an interrupted laughter. if you don't believe, please watch the movie again. the story here is the end. thank you for watching. follow my page to watch more film review. 