welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about we have always lived in the castle. eighteen-year-old mary catherine merrick cat blackwood lives on the family estate with her older sister constance and their ailing uncle, julian. constance has not left the house in the six years since she was tried and acquitted of the death of her parents by poisoning. every tuesday, marraquette goes to the village to shop. while the villagers harass her, maracat practices her own brand of protective magic by burying articles of power in the ground to keep evil forces at bay. constance sees only a single family friend, helen clark, who comes to tea every week. helen tries to convince constance that she should rejoin the outside world. this enrages and terrifies maracat, who creates magic to prevent constance from leaving. the following thursday, constance sends maracat on an errand to town. maricat is distressed at the thought of going into town on the wrong day, and has no time to check her magical safeguards. when she returns, she finds all her wards have been unearthed. rushing to warn constance, she finds constance with their cousin, charles. over the next few days, charles attempts to lure constance away with the promise of seeing the world, while setting his sights on the family fortune, locked in a safe constance as charmed and subservient towards him. at the same time, charles behaves condescendingly to julian and taunts maricat with the idea of stealing her sister. maracat retaliates by casting magical spells on charles, vandalizing his room and belongings and speaking to him only in descriptions of poisonous plants. when charles threatens to punish her, maracat throws everything on charles's desk, including his lit pipe, into a wastebasket. charles ultimately chases her upstairs and beats her until he discovers that his room is on fire. the fire department arrives along with the villagers who call to let the house burn. constance and marakat hide downstairs. as the fire is extinguished, the villagers rush into the house and vandalize it. the mob seems ready to attack the sisters, but helen clark's husband announces that uncle julian has died of smoke inhalation. the mop disperses and the sisters take refuge in the woods. the following morning, the sisters return home and barricade the doors and windows. with the upper floors destroyed, the remains resemble a turreted castle. maracat announces that she intends to poison the whole village. constance reveals that this is what maracat did once before to their parents, and expresses gratitude that maricat saved her from their wicked father. the villagers leave gifts of food at their door and apologize for destroying their property, but they never respond. charles returns begging constance to let him in. when they remain silent, charles enters the house by force and attacks constance. maracat bludgeons him to death with a snow globe, and they bury him in the garden. now in the present, the sisters are still cleaning what remains of their house when two village children arrive to taunt them. mericat steps outside, and the children flee in fear as maracat returns. constance tells marakat that she loves her and maricat for the first time in the film, smiles. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 