hi everybody. today i want to recap an action movie called kingsman, the secret service. hope you enjoy. during a mission in the middle east in 1997, probationary secret agent lee unwin sacrifices himself to protect his superior, hairy heart from an explosion. hart, blaming himself for lee's death, returns to london to give lee's widow, michelle, and her young son, gary eggsy, a medal engraved with an emergency assistance number. 17 years later, eggsy is a stereotypical chap, having dropped out of training for the royal marines despite his intelligence and talents for both gymnastics and parkour. [Music]. after getting arrested for stealing a car, exe calls the number, hart arranges his release and explains that he is a member of kingsman, a private intelligence service founded by british elite who lost their heirs in world war one and put their money towards protecting the world. finished our drinks after you nicked his car. dean says, your fair game, and you don't give a [ __ ] what your mum says. um, listen, boys, you should get out of white granddaddy. you'll get hurt and all you ain't joking, you should go looking for another red boy. they're on the corner of smith street. manners, do you know what that means? stand around here all day, or are we going to fight? [Music], the organization is named for the tailor shop that clothed them in savile row, which they now use as a front for their bases. [Music], heart code name galahad explains there is a position available as agent. lancelot was killed by the assassin gazelle while trying to rescue university professor james arnold from kidnappers. exe becomes hart's candidate. kingsman's technical support operative merlin, discovers that professor arnold is working as though nothing has happened. hard attempts to interrogate him at imperial college london, but a microchip in professor arnold's neck explodes, killing him. the detonation signal is traced to a facility owned by gazelle's employer, richmond valentine, an internet billionaire and philanthropist who has offered everyone in the world sim cards that grant free cellular and internet connectivity. hart, impersonating as a billionaire, philanthropist meets valentine face to face. other candidates are eliminated through dangerous training tests run by merlin, until only eggsy and roxy, a candidate exe befriended, are left. exe refuses to complete the final test shooting a pug puppy he raised during the training process, and roxy is named the new lancelot. heart learns of valentine's connection to an obscure hate group's church in kentucky, and travels there wearing glasses containing a video transceiver. as eggsy watches, valentine activates the sim cards in the church, triggering a signal that causes the parishioners, along with heart, to become murderously violent. [Music], um. [Music], harry, harry? what the heck is going on? everyone's been affected, whether they have a sim card or not, and we get the added benefit. [Music] hart's spy training leaves him as the only survivor outside the church, valentine explains what happened before shooting heart in the face, apparently killing him. exe returns to kingsman headquarters and notices that chester arthur king, kingsman's leader, has a scar on his neck, just like professor arnold's king reveals that valentine plans to transmit his neurological wave worldwide via satellite network, believing the resulting culling of most of the human race will avert its extinction via global warming. only those valentine has chosen will be unaffected. [Music] king tries to kill eggsy with a poisoned drink, but eggsy switches glasses with king beforehand, who poisons himself. exe, merlin and roxy set out to stop valentine. roxy uses high altitude balloons to destroy one of valentine's satellites and break up the network, but valentine secures a replacement. merlin flies exe to valentine's base where he masquerades as king. [Music] eggsy is discovered by a failed kingsman recruit, charlie hesketh, leading to both eggsy and merlin being cornered. on eggsy's suggestion, merlin activates the implanted ship's fail-safe, killing almost everyone with a chip. [Music] valentine activates the signal, triggering worldwide pandemonium. [Applause]. [Music], not yet. stop playing with your food. [Music]. exe, kills gazelle and uses one of her sharpened prosthetic legs to impale valentine and kill him, stopping the signal and ending the threat. afterward, he shares a sexual encounter with tilda, crown princess of sweden, who was abducted by [Music] valentine. in a mid-credits scene. exe. now, the new galahad offers his mother and half-sister a new home, away from his abusive stepfather, who is knocked unconscious in the same way that harry earlier knocked out a gangster. as a good friend once said, manners maker. man, they gonna shove your manners up your [ __ ]. [Music] are we going to stand around there all day, or are we going to fight? thanks for watching. consider to subscribe and see you again in the next video. 