Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an action, sci-fi film called, "Upgrade." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. A mechanic, Grey Trace, fixes up a car engine in his garage. After confirming that the engine is running, he grabs a beer and waits for his wife, Asha. Her self-driving car pulls up the driveway. Asha's happy to see her husband. Entering their home, they are welcomed by their A.I. Grey announced that he's finished his project and asks her to help him deliver the car to his client, pointing out that he will get lost if he attempts to use her self-driving car on the way back. Asha denies but gets interested when Grey boasts about his client's home. The couple drives into a remote location near the ocean. They walk between two stone columns where the hidden path to the house is. Asha is impressed by its modern design. There, they meet Grey's client, Eron Keen, a renowned tech innovator. Asha is excited to meet him, sharing that she works with Cobot, a tech industry specializing in robotic limbs. Eron shows them his latest work, a neural chip called STEM. But Grey is unimpressed, believing that humans are still better than artificial intelligence. On their way back home, Asha and Grey become intimate while the self-driving car takes them home. But Grey notices that the car has taken a different route. Asha tries to redirect the car, but the system malfunctions. The car starts driving recklessly. Grey pushes Asha back, strapping her on a seatbelt just before the car crashes and turns. People outside witness the accident, but they do not approach. The A.I. announces that it has contacted emergency services to help. Four men approach the car, dragging them both out. Above, a police drone records the events. Grey is held down while one of the men threatens Asha and shoots her in the stomach. Then, they shoot Grey on the back of his neck, leaving him paralyzed. Grey tries to encourage his wife, hoping to keep her conscious. But Asha takes her last breath. Three months later, Grey returns home in a wheelchair. The men had severed his spinal cord, leaving him a quadriplegic. New upgrades have been installed in his house to help him, while his mother, Pamela, often visits to care for him. Grey breaks down, traumatized and grieving. At the police station, they meet Detective Cortez, who's assigned to investigate the event. But they still haven't found the men who jumped on them. His condition and inability to help get justice sinks Grey into depression. He attempts an overdose that puts him back in the hospital. There, Eron offers a STEM implant that would reconnect his spinal cord to his body. Grey refuses, wanting his life to be over instead. Eron asks him what Asha would've wanted before leaving. The thought makes Grey reconsider. In Eron's home, Grey undergoes surgery to install STEM into his spine. After the surgery, he goes through physical therapy. Here, Grey moves his hand for the first time in months. Soon after, he's able to walk and stand. The STEM operation is successful. Grey signs a confidentiality agreement, preventing him from letting anyone else know. He continues his therapy in Eron's home, assured that he is still in control of his body, not STEM. Back in his home, he enters on a wheelchair but stands up once the door is closed. He receives a package of evidence and reports left by Cortez. He looks through the files and watches the footage of the incident. Suddenly, he hears a voice. Grey thinks it's an intruder, but STEM introduces itself. STEM assures him that he hasn't gone insane, telling him that the chip is merely sending sound waves to his eardrum to communicate. STEM directs his attention to the footage, pointing out that the man who fired at Asha is not holding a gun. STEM also noticed that one of the other men has a tattoo on his wrist. With Grey's permission, STEM controls his hand to recreate the tattoo. Grey recognizes that it's a military tattoo, and STEM uses the numbers to access information about the man. Filled with sudden hope, Grey calls Cortez to give her the information, but STEM reminds him that he signed the confidentiality agreement; thus, he cannot reveal how he got the information. STEM suggests for him to find physical evidence instead. From STEM's information, Grey finds the suspect's apartment and breaks in. Inside, STEM instructs him to check the computer on the coffee table. He searches through the messages but finds no useful information other than the local bar, Old Bones, being mentioned several times. While he's searching the house, a car pulls up, and someone enters. STEM directs Grey to hide and attack the man, Serk. But Grey hesitates. Serk overpowers him and pins him to the wall, where he recognizes Grey. Grey tries to fight him but is defeated. STEM asks permission to help, and Grey accepts. Under STEM's control, Grey gets the advantage over the fight. After Serk pulls out a knife, Grey asks STEM to stop him. STEM takes the knife and kills Serk. In shock, Grey vomits in the sink. STEM advises him to clean up any trace of his presence in the house, but Grey is still in shock at what he had done. Nervous, he asks STEM what he needs to do. STEM has recorded everything he touched in the house, making it easier for them to erase his fingerprints. Hours later, Cortez investigates Serk's autopsy. The coroner found numerous implants in the body, including a gun implant on his arm. They also found engine grease from the front porch of his house. At Eron's home, Eron informs Grey that he can track him through STEM. Eron scolds him that their operation should remain a secret, and his investigation might expose them. Grey retaliates that Eron kept STEM's ability to communicate with him a secret. Eron is dumbfounded at the news. Eron insists that Grey shouldn't risk any activity that could put him and STEM in danger. Meanwhile, Cortez continues the investigation on Serk. She finds drone footage showing Grey in his wheelchair near Serk's house before the crime happened. But the system disregards Grey as a suspect, given that he's a quadriplegic. Unsatisfied, Cortez visits Grey. She talks to him about his car, but STEM notices that she checked his boots, alerting them that they left a print on Serk's house. Cortez brings up Serk's passing and seeing the footage of Grey being in the area at the time it happened. Grey lies that he was trying to help the investigation, but he couldn't have done anything. Once she leaves, Grey tells STEM that he wants to find the people responsible for Asha's assassination, but he doesn't want to hurt anyone. STEM suggests going to the Old Bones but reminds Grey that Eron will track him there and shut STEM down remotely. Despite this, Grey visits the Old Bones bar. Grey calls out to the people at the bar. He asks about Serk but gets laughed at. A man named Tolan walks up to him and removes his earpiece. Grey admits that he's the one who took Serk's life, angering Tolan. Tolan takes him to the bathroom, bringing other men with them. Tolan starts stabbing him to check if he feels anything, ignoring Grey's questions. Grey gets his attention by pointing out the gun implant. Tolan finally admits to being there during the car crash. With STEM in control, Grey fights the men, knocking down the others. Grey pins Tolan down and interrogates him, but he resists. Grey threatens him with a knife but can't bring himself to hurt the man. He gives STEM permission to do it, with Grey looking away. After a while, Grey tells STEM to stop and recoils at the sight of what it has done. Tolan finally tells him that the incident was a job. He gives him the name Fisk, but Tolan dies before he can tell more. From Tolan's injury, Grey sees a computer chip branded COBOT, the company where Asha used to work in. Before he could let the information sink in, STEM informs him that Eron is attempting to shut it down remotely. STEM instructs Grey to visit a hacker nearby to disable Eron's remote control on it. Grey arms himself as STEM instructs before leaving the bar. In a hurry, Grey leaves his wheelchair behind and runs. As he nears the location, STEM gives Grey a code to disable Eron's access. Grey begins to lose control of his limbs due to STEM shutting down. He hurriedly crawls up the stairs to the apartment. Back at the bar, Fisk, the man who ended Asha's life, accesses Tolan's memory through his implants. He gets Grey's next location. Fisk questions why the bartender didn't intervene in the fight, sneezing in his face. His sneeze delivers thousands of nanobots that the bartender inhales, ending the man's life. Grey finally reaches the hacker's apartment just as STEM completely shuts down. The hacker, Jamie, pulls him inside the room full of people playing VR. She works on the code, but Fisk and his bodyguard arrive in the building. Jamie finishes the code and tells Grey to wait for the reboot. An alarm triggers, alerting Jamie that Fisk and the bodyguard are near. She packs up and leaves Grey behind. Outside, Eron's security team arrives as well to collect Grey. Unable to move, Grey panics. He begins to gain control of one arm, which he uses to crawl. He stops, seeing a vision of Asha, just before Fisk enters the room. STEM fully reboots, allowing Grey to escape the two men. Fisk's bodyguard chases him while Fisk dispatches the security team from the elevator. Grey climbs up the fire escape, but the rooftop has no escape. STEM takes control, successfully using the bodyguard's implant against himself. Fisk finds the body, but Grey is no longer there. Grey returns home, surprised to see Pamela there. Pamela asks about the operation, but Grey insists that no one else should know. Pamela is joyful that her son can walk again, but this doesn't comfort Grey at all. In his home, Eron looks mournful and afraid. He has lost access to STEM. Grey dreams about Asha sitting next to his bed. Cortez arrives, telling him that they found his wheelchair near the Old Bones. Grey claims that he followed someone there but got into a fight with the person. Luckily, he was helped out by strangers, who put him in a cab. During his story, Cortez slips her hand in Grey's coat. Grey admits that he wants to find the men responsible for Asha's death. Cortez reminds him that it's easy to find someone else to do it for him. Grey dares her to scan his phone records to check. When Grey becomes emotional, Cortez and Pamela leave. Confused, Grey argues to STEM that they need to stop. STEM shuts its functions off, disabling Grey. STEM reveals that the code he gave the hacker gave it full autonomy, no longer requiring Grey's permission to act on its own. STEM insists on finding Fisk before he eliminates them. STEM takes control of Grey, arming him. Pamela sees him getting ready. Worried, she asks him what he's done, but Grey doesn't respond. Listening from the transmitter in his coat, Cortez is in her car, taking notes. She hears Pamela say that Grey came home, covered in blood and that he's currently armed. Cortez watches Grey drive out from his garage, and she follows him. While driving, Grey finds the listening device in his pocket. STEM missed it due to it being an analog device. Grey throws the device out in the road. Cortez turns her police siren on, pursuing Grey. Hoping to lose her, Grey begins maneuvering around cars. But Cortez keeps up. Grey pushes another car onto hers, causing her to slow down. Seeing that they can't outrun her, STEM accesses a self-driving car, causing it to crash onto Cortez's. Having lost Grey, she goes back to his home and interrogates a weeping Pamela. Grey finds Fisk in his home, holding him at gunpoint. Fisk recounts that he was a soldier who was injured in battle. After, he was used as a lab experiment in Cobot. Fisk argues that his actions gave Grey an upgrade in life, becoming stronger than most. He offers Grey a position with his team. But Grey insists on knowing the truth. Fisk reveals that their job wasn't about Cobot, that it was to sever Grey's spine intentionally. Asha was just collateral. Angered, Grey fires his gun. Fisk evades and disarms him. The two men fight, seemingly equal with their upgrades. STEM alerts Grey about Fisk's nanobots, stopping him before he releases them. STEM is confused at how Fisk predicts his moves. Fisk finally has Grey pinned to the wall, aiming his armed hand at him. STEM is at a loss with its position. Grey comes up with an idea, realizing that Fisk is Serk's brother. Grey taunts him by insulting his brother. Angered, Fisk punches him instead, allowing Grey to get the upper hand and eliminate him. Grey is troubled at what he's done. STEM urges him to continue finding the person who hired them. Listening to a phone recording, they hear Eron's voice warning Fisk about him. Grey arrives at Eron's house, easily eliminating his security team. A disheveled Eron waits for him. Grey accuses him of orchestrating everything, which Eron denies. Cortez arrives, holding Grey at gunpoint. Grey convinces STEM to throw away their gun as Cortez ordered. She orders him to lie on the floor to handcuff him. Instead, STEM throws her off. Grey begs STEM not to hurt Cortez. He fights STEM's control despite STEM's warnings that it will break his mind. Holding Cortez by the neck, Grey begs her to use the taser on him. She does so, temporarily causing STEM to malfunction. Eron points the gun at Grey, revealing that he's been controlled by STEM the entire time. STEM was the one who chose Grey to be his host and led Grey to kill Eron, eliminating the only person who could create another STEM. In the process of rebooting, STEM confesses to Grey that it chose him for being a human without any artificial implants. Grey mourns, realizing that he's been manipulated by the same thing that took his wife. STEM begins to talk via the house's A.I. system. He commands Eron to put the gun down. But STEM is finally able to control Grey again, forcing him to eliminate Eron. When STEM attempts to shoot Cortez, Grey fights back again. He forces his hand to aim the gun at his neck instead. He pulls the trigger. Grey wakes up in a hospital, still able to move his limbs. Scared, he calls for STEM, but it doesn't answer. Instead, Asha walks in, alive and happy to see him. She tells him that he's been unconscious for two days after an accident. In disbelief, Grey tearfully stares at his wife. Back in Eron's house, STEM has taken complete control of Grey's body. Grey's mind broke when he tried to fight STEM, allowing STEM to put his consciousness away and fully possess his body. STEM fires the gun at Cortez and leaves. Grey remains in the reality STEM made for him, happily reunited with his wife, while STEM leaves the scene in total control. 