Liss the cycle of these live action movies goes as follows, they get announced and people question what the purpose of them are. they then see them, and they actually give them pretty decent reviews. then all of a sudden the media gets mad and calls them all unoriginal, forgetting that they gave positive reviews for the first ones, and those are still up online. they start comparing these massive blockbusters to indie films for some reason, even though they have absolutely nothing to do with them. a whole cancer culture arises, and they realize is 2019, and they pull a complete 180 because they realize they're bashing a blockbuster that's starring people of color. meanwhile, my cartoon Mexican self is reading all this on Twitter, having a blast. in terms of Aladdin, I personally think it's, oh, it's okay. it's a rented obviously, I'd rather they focus on original properties and going back and trying to fix the problems they had in their older movies, but I don't see what we're surprised that Disney is recycling. it's not like Aladdin didn't already have two VHS sequels. they had an entire animated series. Jafar was in once upon a time. Jafar was in whatever the hell descendants is. the Broadway adaptation is still going, so obviously they're gonna make live-action versions of everything they have. I mean, they made blue live-action, so, you know, nothing was off-limits. and now she's coming back to pretty much, it's a whole new way for kids to go back and watch the originals. I may not always find these new remakes compelling, but I kind of get the purpose they serve. it's like canceling the original. your your VHS isn't just vanishing or ending up in a vault, that's what Disney does with their others. but it's just expanding, sometimes milking, the world's they've created. and that way you get to pick which version you like the best, the Disney version or the Disney version, you have a reason to write that article or make that video essay reminiscing on the original that you know you weren't going to do unless the new one was coming out. so love it or hate it, there's something to profit out for everyone, even if they may not be the greatest interpretations. critics quickly forget why families go to the movies. you know, they just want to enter a whole new world. I don't know who remembers what Arabian Nights was in Florida, I think it's close now, but that was like the Arabian version of medieval times, where the reason you're going there for the dinner and a show is to get this theming that when you're a kid, you actually believe you're getting transported to another country. how they had this bit when I was younger where a volunteer from the crowd get on a horse and and she rips her pants. and nine-year-old me was so embarrassed for her, until I found out it was the same girl coming back every night to do that bit. and so I realized, they sell season passes, you know, they're gonna be expanding these stories on Disney Plus right? it's inevitable. we're gonna get new attractions over at the theme parks. my buddy even makes candles so that you can bring that nostalgic smell home with you. so it's safe to say that this 90s nostalgia is gonna be going full force for the next couple of years. let me explain. so I obviously rewatch the original before going into the new one, and that thing is still great. I'm saying this as someone who also rewatched the old Jumanji for the new one, and I don't think that would holds up at all now. and also stars Robin Williams, so it's crazy to think that Aladdin is even older than Jumanji, and it stands up. and the older you are and the funnier it is. Robin Williams, genie is still hilarious. it's actually the only Disney movie that's won the Grammy Award for best song of the year. and it turns out people were looking forward to seeing it in theaters almost 30 years later. 30 years later. so Aladdin is actually based off of a middle eastern folk tale, but you can't see him as being a Robin hood-like figure in the new one, because he's, you know, helping other people by stealing. man's walking around rooftops like an assassin with a Creed, chillin with his monkey, likes Whaley, when he bumps into Princess Jasmine, who's out and about in the town disguised. now, I never realized how much her story resembles Queen Esther, especially with the changes in the new one. she's not just trying to find a prince. she wants things to be for Queen and country. they didn't give her this new song that I did work for me. it's kind of like Gabriella Montez before he's tied. but it's this song about her wanting to be her own person as opposed to what they really had in the original house, like this. I think the casting is perfect. Mehnaz gonna be an actor to watch for with the upcoming movies that he has. everyone seems to want to play with Jeff our staff, but Naomi Scott's been killing it. I said, why aren't my lemonade fans out there? we're talking about an actress so gorgeous they passed her down. the Power Rangers torch. forget what Aladdin meant in the 90s. do you guys know what the pink Power Ranger meant? only other person I can think of who would have been the perfect casting choice would have been Nicole from the Pussycat Dolls. but it's not 2007, so this works very well. one of the best parts of the new one for me was how prehistoric things felt. I guess like Billy Magnussen plays the prince who's trying to get with Princess Jasmine. but his biggest dating issue is an understanding woman. it's a it's understanding what a snake is like. we have an entire self written wiki page online for every new person we meet. like before we even meet them, we know that they have a digital online diary we can just read. you don't even want to read, don't even worry about it. some people post their entire life and pictures. Billy doesn't even know what a snake is. you know, I imagine not knowing the fundamentals of life. we've been riding from my love. imagine never visiting another town because it would take a year together, you might die along the way. I finally understand why people walk around with instruments in the desert. because now, after months of walking, they're going on make sure everyone knows they've arrived in this town. try your best to stay calm. katako, another thing that kind of confuses me with film Twitter sometimes is that they call movies like this CGI slugfest. I'm not saying that they don't go overboard sometimes, but one hour CGI artists not allowed to be talented. like, why do some people not just bash bad CGI. but like CGI in general, they just automatically considered a bad thing. that makes no sense to me, because it becomes one of those paradoxes where if a VFX artist does their job well, we don't notice it enough to praise them, but whoa, one miskeen frame, and, boom, we want to cancel them - y'all are disrespecting the actual practical effects. I mean, we're talking about the production's that's coming from the designer of Game of Thrones, HBO said to me they wanted me to kind of, like take over the whole look of the series from the kind of the floor to the sky. so the Dussehra, just building the sets optional 20-foot or whatever, and going CGI takes up from there. I'm actually doing the whole lot. I'm working out what the CGI is going to be, the whole look of it, from that, from there downwards, so that we have a complete look to the series. so are y'all telling me that you you're looking down under, that you took extra days off for this product? absolutely not. the movie sets are outstanding, but we always find a reason to complain as if they're not doing their artistic jobs. in terms of Jaffar, though, going back the story stood is the original Littlefinger. he's supposed to be the Sultan's right-hand man. before he pulls an Aaron Burr sir, he's manipulating people with his titanium ranger Cobra staff. it was actually this animation that taught me the basics of shapes and symbolisms and movies like early on. the fact that you automatically know as a kid that Jafar is supposed to be evil is because of how pointy he is, you know. thus he comes off more dangerous, as opposed to Aladdin and especially the genie, or as round as can be. but let me tell you, that bird Jafar has is evil. I don't know what has been with these new Disney incarnations, but they're making their characters barbaric. this bird, at one point tells Jafar that, before here, it's Jasmine, make sure you rub that lamp so that the genie can come out and witness the pain you're about a cause. anyway, Jafar as big plan is to become the Sultan himself. but he can't retrieve this magic lantern because he's not worthy enough to enter that cave. and so he dupes Aladdin into going in for it. turns out he's as worthy of Steve Rogers. walks right in and he's swimming in more golden smog was guarding. finds a magic carpet that can over him everywhere he wants, and it turns into uncharted. everything's crumbling down. he's free soloing his way to the top, and just barely survives thanks to his new carpet friend. interesting point here is that not a lot of people know this, but the the carpet is actually the same actor who plays doctor Strange's cape. so this movie definitely is pushing representation, especially with Will Smith's genie. don't be afraid. West Philadelphia, born and raised on the playground, is here. now, all that, so it's just Will Smith. I notice no one's ever really mad at Will Smith. like, even when he makes bad movies, like terrible movies that people hate, no one's ever mad at him personally. so does he realize that they can give him a check just for acting himself? but in blue, like if will played an avatar, a smurf, if he was a member of the Blue Man Group, he'd be the loudest, he'd be doing these same inflections, because he's just himself. and while I definitely put Robins genie above Smith's, I have read some of these stupidest critiques for this. people saying that this is a slap in the face to Robins, as if he didn't have a personal lawsuit with Disney that was a much bigger problem. I've heard people complain that Will Smith's genie makes too many current references. and that doesn't make sense, because it's supposed to take place in the past. and y'all just ignoring that Robin's did the same thing. it's almost like the two were representing two different cultures. and thus you can understand why certain demographics enjoy one over the other. that said, he did do the cardi thing too many times. he's got several dance numbers, right? I thought I was gonna hit it with a whoa certain points he's just acting like Jamal from on my block. but again, Will Smith is funny, corny, but I can't think of a more likeable actor who can get meme to death from the trailers and still have no animosity against them. anyways, Landon gets these dude, against of boots because he's trying to impress Jasmine. so he wishes to become a prince. and since Google Maps doesn't exist, he can just create a country that he supposedly came from. he pulls up with Smuckers as a gift. but a Latins game is so bad, genie would rather go back into his lamp and to be his wingman. genies magic is also invisible, and even have, like Genie, Bluetooth to communicate. but Jafar supposed to be so smart and conniving that he's able to put it together. Aladdin gets too cocky, so he's able to snatch the lamp and just wishes himself to become the new sultan of the land. which, now that I'm older, thinking about opening up a history book, flipping to read a page that just says, Sultan Jafar takes over by means of magic lamp, is the funniest thing. like, can you imagine World War 2 ending with the capture of an infinity stone? magic? and I when Jafar asked Jasmine to be his, like, now that he's assault, he wants her by our side. he's like, forget the me2 movement. you're mine. and she's just like, well, I just reject your hypotheses. she goes full Esther genie just breaks the rules. like several times in this movie, he just doesn't even care what he's supposed to abide by. but I had to do a little rewind myself, because while the ending of the cartoon version, the way that didn't feature far is by getting him to say that he wants to be the most powerful genie does bottling him up in the lamp, the live-action one does it a little bit different. instead, he says, I want to be the most powerful being, at least what I heard, which I assumed would put him above a genie and would an alarm to get restrained. but I guess they gotta set it up for the sequel. they win, Aladdin sets Will Smith free so we can go work on his YouTube channel, and jasmine and Aladdin live happily ever after, until the live-action wrath of Jafar. thinking after checking out this video, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. like I said, it's a rented for me. I know there was a lot of discussion happening with this movie. it's so intriguing to see people swap their like. some people see it somewhere, and then they it's been really confusing seeing people bash one movie in order to praise another, even though the two aren't connected. and then later on, they're gonna write an article about the movie they bash and how it was underrated. it's a little weird to me. and if you've been a fan of the channel, you've heard me call this out a lot, and it always seems to come true with certain critics who do this type of thing. but enjoy what you like, man. I know some people who watch the trailer, and I could tell you that some trailers do lie. but if you saw the trailer and you thought it was complete trash, like it's beneath you, definitely ignore this movie. it's nice. it's not gonna be better, so I can surprise you. but if you saw the trailer and you thought, eh, that was enjoyable, go watch. I think you're gonna enjoy it a lot, you know. and that's the purpose of why I make these el Amin's to begin with. but I am Kirsten on your thoughts. i do want to give a big shot of who i mentioned earlier on my buddies. they have this cool candle collection that they that they make personally themselves, these wooden wick candles. and they have this whole disneyland, which i think is super dope, because my girlfriend's a huge Beauty and the Beast fan. I mean, they got this little candle over here that pretty much smells like the Beauty and the Beast thing. my the rose, my personal favorite is the Dole Whip one, because that thing smells delicious. but he actually was able to send me this code. so in case you wanted to get some of these candles for yourself, you just go down below. I'll have it in the description, in the pinned comments. get some of the Canada's. I think they're pretty dope. and he was able to hook it up and get you guys 15% off. I think they smell pretty good. check them out if you'd like. and also, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. so I can grant you one wish. 