something's wrong with me. [Music], welcome to storeflix. in this video, we will explain slither. this movie tells the story of an alien organism that threatens to devour all life on earth. will people survive the alien invasion? let's find out in slither. slither begins with the fall of a meteor to the earth's surface. the meteor landed in a small town called wheelsy. no one knows about this event because the meteor fell in the middle of the forest at night. then the meteor suddenly split open. the next day, the townspeople go about their usual activities, including a high school teacher named starla, who is seen teaching a class. starla is married to a man named grant. one day, starla fought with her husband. grant then went drinking to a bar to avoid his wife. while grant seems to be drinking alone, a woman named brenda comes to seduce him. grant and brenda then went for a walk into the woods. brenda seems happy with grant, but brant thinks of his wife and feels guilty because of their fight. while they were chatting, grant's gays drifted to a large, slimy lump polyp in the bushes. grant, curious, followed the salon trails from the lump until he finally found something that resembled a large larva. the larva turned out to be from inside the meteor that fell the night before. instead of being afraid, grant stepped closer. he instead poked it with a twig out of curiosity. then all of a sudden, the larva moved in shooting something like a needle in a grant's chest, and he fell to the ground unconscious. the foreign object directly infects grant's body by taking over his nerve center. brenda panicked and tried to wake grant. not long after, grant woke up looking confused. he then returned home in a daze. when he got home, grant began to lack strange his appetite became uncontrollable. he was always hungry, and, strangely enough, he only wanted to eat meat. he bought up all the meat in the supermarket to fill the tub of his car. not only that, he also dug the ground in his bar as if he was making a nest. he cut all his strange behavior from his wife, starla, who had made up with her husband then asked about the stab wound on grant's chest. he argued that the wound was an insect bite. starla noticed the new lock grant had placed in the barn and asked her husband. grant replied that in there, he was preparing a surprise for her birthday. starla simply believed it. grant suddenly felt pain in his body. he rushed to the front yard. a dog barked at him. his appetite suddenly increased at the sight of the dog. without thinking, he kidnapped the dog. he began to feel the changes in his body. red patches appear on his skin. and what was even more terrifying, tiny tentacles writhing about to get out of the stab wound on his chest. however, the parasitic alien that resides in grant's body has not completely mastered his consciousness. grant still has feelings of love and care for his wife. he doesn't want to hurt starla, and prefers brenda to serve as a host body, a breeding ground for his larvae. grant meets brenda at her home, forcibly inserts the larval seeds into her body, then takes her to the nest after that, starla felt that something was wrong with her husband, because grant's face was a little swollen when he got home. grant argued that he had only been stung by a bee while pencing in the car. starlin notices the many missing dog leaflets on the town notice board, which no one knows that her husband kidnapped and killed the dogs. grant brings the dog's meat to brenda, whose body is breeding parasitic alien larvae elsewhere. two police officers come to starla's house to inquire about grant and brenda's whereabouts. one of the police officers, named bill, said that brenda had disappeared from her house. and according to several witnesses, the person who was seen with brenda before she disappeared was grand but starla doesn't know anything. the police finally left. starlet entered the house and began to think that all her suspicions about her husband were true. she then tried to force open the warehouse that grant had locked. there was a pungent stench. as soon as starla opened the door, the warehouse turned out to be filled with carcasses of dogs that had been reported missing by their owners. starla acted quickly by reporting her discovery to the police and telling them to return to her home as soon as possible. grant, who had just arrived home, caught starla calling the police by the window. grant, who's controlled by the parasitic alien, then attacked starla with his tentacles. the police arrived just in time and shot grant, but he managed to escape. starla and the cops then hatch a plan to lure grant out by baiting a cow in the woods. their plan worked. grant appeared, but in a different and hideous figure. the shape of his body is already erratic, a mix of tentacle aliens and humans. but that didn't frighten starla. she stepped forward toward grant, hoping that her husband was still in there. the cops told starla to back off and surrounded grant with guns raised, trying to catch him. starla asked grant to obey the police's orders, but grant refused and didn't budge from his spot. a local man approached grant from the opposite direction. grant looks angry. he immediately attacked him with his tentacles, and the man's body was split in two. starla screamed hysterically, and grant ran away into the woods. everyone then chased after grant and found a wooden hut from which there was a very strong smell. once inside, they found a figure far more terrifying than grand upon closer inspection, it turns out that the terrifying figure is brenda, whose entire body is swollen from being filled with parasitic alien larvae. brenda's body then explodes, and slug-like parasitic alien larvae burst out her body. the larvae immediately attacked the people there and entered through the mouth. starla and several people, who realized this, immediately covered their mouths so that the parasitic alien larby could not enter their bodies. it didn't take long for the larvae to creep out of the forest and invade the entire city. the parasitic alien larvae began to enter people's homes and infect everyone. a girl named kylie was soaking in her bathtub when a larva entered through the window. the larvae immediately crawled and entered her mouth. the girl suddenly tried to expel the larvae that were stuffed into her mouth. her efforts were not in vain. she managed to remove the parasitic alien larva from her mouth and killed the creature with a hair straightener. kylie, who panicked in fear, then came out of the bathroom screaming for her mother. but the mother has been infected with larvae and attacked her. kylie is trying to find her father, but unlucky, her father has been infected. only kylie survived. she managed to get out of the house and into the car, but the larvae kept chasing her. she was trapped in the car and couldn't go anywhere. meanwhile, in the forest, starla and several survivors are helping their comrades who are attacked by the parasitic alien. however, one by one, victims woke up and started acting strangely. the victim's consciousness has been controlled by grant whose body has been taken over by a parasitic alien mother. the victims, who have been infected with parasitic aliens then attack starla and the others. not only that, they can also spit hot slime that can be used as a deadly weapon back to kylie, who was still stuck in the car. after the parasitic alien larvae disappeared. the whole family surrounded kylie and forced her to get out of the car. luckily, a cop named bill came and saved her. bill immediately got kylie into his car and rushed out, avoiding the townspeople who were attacking like zombies. kylie recounted her experience in the car when the parasitic alien larvae tried to get into her mouth. she had grant's vision in her mind. before this disaster happened, the original form of the parasitic alien was a needle. then took over a person as a host, which in this case was grand the host then infects another person and uses their body to breed parasitic alien larvae to take over other life forms later. everyone shuddered in horror, especially starla, because the cause of all the terrible things that had happened was her husband. they'd also think that the only way to end this terrible disaster is to kill grant. so focused on thinking about a solution, bill didn't pay much attention and couldn't dodge when another car hit them. after fainting for a while, a herd of townspeople who have been infected with a parasitic alien has swarmed their car. bill and kylie can't do anything when the townspeople take the unconscious star-low way under grant's influence. fortunately, kylie and bill managed to escape from the crowd and hide in the bushes. an idea popped into bill's mind. he intended to blow up grant with a grenade elsewhere. starla wakes up in bed. her clothes had been changed to a white nightgown. looking around the room, she realized that the windows in her room had been closed with wooden blocks to prevent her from escaping. starla then heard grant calling out to her from outside. she then took a comb with a sharp tip as a weapon to defend herself. starla went to grant, who was in the living room. she finally sees grant's true form after becoming the host of an extraterrestrial, parasitic alien. grant's form was terrifying. his body was covered in slimy tentacles, and many people clung to his body. grant grabbed starla with his tentacles and brought her closer to him. starla, crying in fear, trying to tell grant not hurt her. unexpectedly, the alien monster did not completely control grant's consciousness. there are still remnants of beautiful memories and feelings of love for starla. that's why grant never tried to infect her, because he didn't want to hurt his wife. but of course, grant is powerless against the invasion of a parasitic, alien monster that wants to rule over all forms of life. and starlo wasn't that naive either. she had prepared weapons for a situation like this. she tries to coax grant until sweet lies about love. while secretly retrieving her gun hidden under her nightgown, she then stabbed grant in the face with a sharp end of a comb. that small attack, of course, couldn't kill grant, but at least she could be free from grand script. at the same time, bill came with kylie to starla's house. bill was about to throw his grenade, but one of grant's tentacles attacked him, and the grenade flew out and exploded in the pool. in the ensuing attack, grant already knocks out kylie and throws bill out the window. outside, the entire town was seen flocking to grant's house, which had become the nest of their host. when grant was about to infect bill with his tentacles, bill tried to fight back by avoiding it from entering his mouth. in a moment of urgency, he found a leaking gas cylinder. he then stuffed grant's tentacles into the gas cylinder until the parasitic alien monster's body was filled with flammable gas. they'll then tell starla to should grant. even though grant has become a cruel alien monster, starless still feels reluctant to kill her husband. but she had no other choice. starla shoots grand and his body explodes to pieces. grant's death also kills the parasitic alien larvae that colonized the entire town. unfortunately, all those infected with the larvae did not survive and died in the incident. bill, starla and kylie walked out of grant's house. the three of them have survived the parasitic alien attack that has killed the entire population of wielsey. the city was ravaged with blood and corpses were strewn on the streets. at the end of the story, a cat is seen sifting the remnants of grant's surviving tentacles. the cat is instantly infected, and the film ends. [Music], you 