hey guys. john here from fast films, and today we're going to take a look at the 2006 comedy horror movie called black sheep. amidst the vast stretches of the meadows. the scenario shows us a huge flock of sheep being herded by a man and his boys on atvs. the younger one, named henry, goes to a leftover sheep and guides his dog to hold the sheep in one place. henry's father admires him, while his elder brother watches from a distance. expressions of jealousy bump up on his face as he walks away with an injured leg. later, we witness him brutally slaughtering henry's lamb named dudley. afterwards, the camera shifts to henry, who parks his atv and goes out to look for dudley. he strolls into the darkened barn and slowly approaches a point where blood is dripping on the floor. suddenly, dudley's skinned carcass drops from the ceiling, and henry loses his breath. he screams in terror. and his fright is enhanced even more when his elder brother, angus, jumps on him wearing dudley's horrifying sheepskin. henry is petrified by the sudden attack. but all of it is shaken loose as their caretaker, mrs mack, arrives to tell them about the fatal accident of their father. 15 years later, henry returns to the farm, but he's still traumatized by the sheep. as they all surround the cab, the taxi driver asks if he can open the window, but henry refuses to do so. while breaking into sweats, he immediately tries to call his therapist, but she turns out to be busy. luckily, the way clears out, and henry takes a sigh of relief. in the meantime, we see a couple crossing the wires and fences of the fields and hopping to the other side. just then a plane passes them overhead, and the man remarks that he is angus oldfield. during the time, henry arrives at his old home and asks the taxi driver to wait for him. upon walking inside the empty house, henry shutters as his eyes catch the wall-mounted sheep. ignoring them, he walks straight ahead into angus office, where suddenly mrs mack comes from behind and pulls a gun on henry, but just as he turns around, her face beams with happiness, and they both greet each other in sheer felicity. on the other hand, we witness angus, who's now a successful businessman, and he's preparing his speech for the audience. after he's done, henry comes out from behind the trees and meets angus, who speaks to him rudely and asks him to come inside so that he can cut henry a check. in the interim, we witness the couple spying on a group of scientists, with their leader being the infamous astrid rush. the man named grant suddenly jumps across the fence and runs ahead to steal a cylinder containing biohazard material. as he dashes back, the men start running after him, and the cat and mouse chase begins. the girl also accompanies grand as they both dart through the trees and hide away. as the girl contemplates their situation, grant notices the men at some distance, and that freaks him out. he instantly runs in another direction. and the men go after him, while the girl lays tucked behind the huge tree. unfortunately, grant trips over a branch and breaks the glass cylinder. as he raises his head, we witness a hideously gruesome infant lamb crawling on his back. suddenly, the vicious animal bites away his ear, and grant screams in pain. following a constant struggle, he manages to throw the infant lamb away. meanwhile, angus signs a two million dollar check for henry's share of the farm and asks him to leave. henry notices that his brother has removed all of their father's possessions, upon which angus simply states that living in the past is outdated and remarks that people are interested in what he's doing here. furthermore, it's very profitable for him. on the other hand, the infant lamb starts crawling away from grant. meanwhile, we see that mrs mack is preparing a rabbit for the meal. as henry is about to leave, mrs mack takes out the golden shears award that belonged to his father. henry accepts the trophy and is about to leave when he meets his old fellow named tucker. they both greet each other and get out of the house. the scene now shifts into the meadow where the sheep are grazing. during the time, the demonic infant sheep crawls ahead to one of the elder sheep and bites it viciously. on the other side, we see henry and tucker travelling on their truck when they suddenly get blocked by one lonely sheep standing in the middle of the road. tucker climbs out and proceeds to pat the animal, but henry recoils in fear. tucker also notices the injury on the sheep's face and tries to get her aside, when the girl suddenly arrives there and pulls the gun on them. tucker enjoys the scene, while we see that grant's situation is getting worse. he's turning into a ravenous beast hungry for flesh. and he becomes one as he grabs a rabbit and starts tearing him apart as his meal. in the interim, the girl named experience takes both the guys at gunpoint, as she knows nothing about it. henry and tucker use it to their benefit and take the gun back from her. during this we see a man walking around in his house and getting attacked by some deadly creature back at the grazing fields. henry and tucker accompany experience and suddenly witness a smoke coming out of the house. they drive towards it and enter the house to find it full of blood splatters and a smoking cooker on the stove. just then they come face to face with a sheep around the next hall, who charges towards them. henry's fright makes them hide behind the other room. but in there, they find the guy's mutilated body. just then the sheep also begins to attack them and bursts through the door, but tucker manages to kill it. afterwards, they escape the house to find it surrounded by sheep. but it turns out they're all harmless. and tucker runs towards the truck. meanwhile, experience tries to calm down henry and successfully enables him to overcome his fear of sheep. henry finally relaxes and they run to jump on the back of the truck. but one sheep climbs in and starts attacking tucker. he fights with it viciously, but to no use. henry tries to start the chainsaw, but it falls away from his hands, inside the cabin, the sheep bites tucker's leg, but he manages to climb outside, while the sheep drives the truck. as the three of them shift to the rear, the end of the mountain appears ahead of them. therefore everyone jumps out, and the sheep flies the truck down towards the shore where it crashes brutally, eventually causing the sheep to die. standing on the edge, henry reveals that this is the place where his father had the accident. as they talk, another sheep arrives there, but it appears to be harmless, so they ignore it. with that, henry decides to leave at once, and proposes that if the sheep get down there before them, angus is going to have some unexpected visitors. the scene now shifts to angus, who prepares his venue for the guests. he then walks to his house, where he finds the taxi driver sleeping in his car. on the other hand, dr rush orders her associates to dump the excess biohazard material. the guy walks over to the pit, but as he turns away after dumping, the intoxicated sheep attack him and kill him. during all this, we see grant walking around the fields while having attained the deformed and gruesome features. at that moment, angus also drives up the hill and comes to face the intoxicated grant. he gets out and threatens him, but the tables turn and grant bites him on his hand instead and runs away. in the meantime, the henry group also walks along the fields as experience talks about her research. but suddenly they witness that tucker's foot is bleeding. just as he takes off the shoe, a sheephoof emerges from underneath instead of a human foot. henry turns back in terror. but the real danger arrives after that, as a massive herd of sheep charge towards them across the hill. the group runs for their lives and arrives at the laboratory. tucker sends his dog back to the farm, while the rest of them sneak inside. to their astonishment, they come across a transformation project going on inside, where they witness a living heart inside a sheep's carcass. just as they're observing it, angus comes up on them along with the scientists. they argue for a moment, and henry reveals that the sheep attack them, but angus regards it as pure nonsense. just then, dr rush inserts a paralyzer in tucker's neck, and as he goes down, angus snatches the gun and hoists it up on them. tucker pleads with henry to leave, so he follows his request. both henry and experience run outside to find themselves to be targets of the sheep. they run to the fields where they see the ripped dead bodies of the scientists as their last recluse. they climb in the dump pit where the sheet charge towards them, but the steel wire holds them away. angus arrives there as well, and henry rips the contract. unfortunately, his foot slips and he falls in the pit along with experience, while angus watches solidly. upon tumbling down, they find themselves in a grotesque mess of animal flesh and internals. experience lights up a candle to balance her hormones, and henry analyzes the whole situation. after a moment of consideration, they decide to locate a way outside the dark and hideous pit. on the other hand, angus walks to his precious sheep and talks to her and later walks to the lab where dr rush is inquisitively analyzing tucker's foot. angus arrives there as well and tells rush about his wound. the doctor advises a shot and asks to come on stage to present her research. but angus refuses to let her come and rudely asks her to stay put. in the meantime, henry and experience walk through the cave and come across a tiny crevice through which they have to go through with the deadly sheep on their hunt. they decide to go ahead in an experience goes first. with extreme struggle, she manages to get out, while the sheep constantly attacks henry at his legs. following a strenuous endeavor, both of them successfully manage to wriggle out and burn the sheep with the lighter. as the monster is aflame, experience hugs henry in affection. back at their family house, angus gets prepared for his show, but gets the sheepish symptoms in him. meanwhile, henry and experience finally make it out of the cave to arrive at a beautiful scenery. after admiring it for a moment, they walk ahead to a barn, where they come across a completely transformed grind who's now become a monstrous sheep human. the beast attacks them viciously, and experience manages to distract him, which gives them the room to escape the barn and lock the monster inside. the scene now flips to the laboratory where dr rush observes the upcoming symptoms in tucker and watches him getting transformed. after the full conversion, the scientist runs away in terror, but dr rush injects the antitoxin, and tucker returns back to his real form after a vigorous shaking. afterwards, dr rush leaves the lab as angus starts his speech in front of the international guests. neither does his speech go well, nor does rush get to safety. she staggers in the woods to secure her life, but the sheep get her there as well, and she dies brutally. back at the stage show, the toxic symptoms start to appear in angus, so he diverts the attention to his newest creation, who's a beautiful white sheep. the audience admires the perfection of the animal, and they all applaud but suddenly, the sheep starts to get restless, and everyone in the whole area experiences a rumble. henry and experience also arrive on the scene to witness the huge carnivorous flock of sheep charging towards the people. all the guests run for their lives, but the hell breaks loose and the carnage begins. the sheep start tearing the men and women in every possible way, and the show becomes a massacre. amidst all of the hell, angus stands unaffected, as he's now a sheep himself. in the meantime, mrs mack arrives beside henry and experience and provides them with a ride to safety. following the turmoil, angus runs to his office where he pats his beloved sheep. and the scene fades out as the knight falls in. the group huddles in the house where they get attacked by grant. once again, the beast fights henry and throws him away to overpower him. they all work together to bring the monster down, and at the end of it, experience manages to paralyze him by hitting an acupuncture point. unfortunately, the danger hasn't surpassed, as the sheep now surround their house amidst all the tension, henry walks into the office to find angus in his undergarments. after realizing what bestiality he's been doing, henry throws the gun to him and leaves in disgust. outside, the sheep get agitated and attack the house. furthermore, the people who got bitten now rise up as the transformed monsters. in the flow of all that, henry notices angus walking to the plane so that he can fly away. in order to stop him, he grabs the golden shears and decides to go after him. he grabs a sheepskin from mrs mac's car and bids farewell to his newly found love. afterwards, he crawls silently among the flock, but soon realizes that he's a sheep as well, so he can move easily. therefore, he runs towards the barn. while mrs mack and experience drive along the field. experience can now be seen using her inexperienced skill of the rifle, but surprisingly, she successfully shoots the monsters. on the other hand, angus starts his plane and walks away into the barn, where his transformation speeds up. henry follows him slowly to the barn, but gets attacked in return. after a vicious fight, henry plunges the golden shears into him, but that only provokes his viciousness, and in the most horrific way, angus gets bigger and more gruesome, scared to death, henry staggers outside where the plane gets running on its own. angus also walks out, but just then the dog arrives, and henry guides him to get angus under control, just like he did in childhood. the technique works, and eventually the plane comes around to finally slash away angus body. despite the gruesome aftermath, angus survives and gets back up. but in that exact time, tucker arrives there on his atv and plunges the anti-toxin injection into angus. he does the same with henry, who gets cured after a vigorous shutter. afterwards, they go to the barn to analyze the situation, but suddenly angus shows up in his worst state ever. he limps towards the sheep, who attack him in return and finish him off. to put an end to it, henry throws a lighter into the barn, which causes it to burst into flame as the methane is combustible. in the final moments of the movie, we see that henry is now the owner and has started organic farming. they proceed to inject the anti-toxins, and in the lightest moods, the film concludes. thanks for watching, guys, 