[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're going to take a look at retro puppet master, the seventh in the series. let's get to it. we open on a promising scene. it's 1944 near the Swiss border, and we're welcome to by the sharp, penetrating gaze of the true puppet master, returned to save a saw. but don't get too comfortable. he's mostly here to set up the pretense for yet another movie that describes his backstory. this is initiated when blade finds the head of one of two longs early puppets, Cyclops. two on, delusional from hunger, immediately begins to hallucinate about the old days in Cairo, were an unknown man, freshly in possession of Zoo Tech's secrets, is running from several other men. they unleash the power of zoo tech upon him, but with minimal results, and he gets away. in response to tech goes through a whole thing here, the result of which is that he unleashes three mummies to go track down his secret and return it to him. we cut to a young two lon, done up like a proper Parisian fancy boy in 1902, preparing for a show with his Bros. meanwhile, at the Swiss Embassy, Ilsa's looking for an opportunity to bust out and sow some Wild Oats. don't go into any opium dens. that leaves the board pretty well open with the world of possibilities ahead of her. she ends a bad puppy show, and they're not even marionettes. Toulon reveals himself to the audience and proves to be an ineffective fluffer as he meekly whispers at them pre-show. we're then left to wonder how they managed to sell out the venue as the puppets monologue poetically about the nature of Hell in free will. you know, good stuff. outside, our friend from Cairo is slinking through the shadows while being observed from below are three mummies. can't kill him directly due to the imposition of unnecessary supernatural rules, so they've hired some thugs to do it for them. this goes on outside the theater in front of a floodlight. as the crowd disperses, it also finds them and calls for help. receiving some from too long who gets the meat inside. when inside, they tend to him as Toulon and Ilsa hit it off. their connection possibly love at first sight, possibly the result of a pheromone dump caused by an overload of her endocrine system as a result of the evenings excitements. either way, it guarantees they haven't seen the last of each other. they also then returns to the embassy as the mummies regroup and plan their next attack. Toulon happens to be around when the mysterious victim wakes up. they have a conversation, and he implies he's been alive for twenty nine hundred years. he explains the situation and expresses his desire to pass the secret on to Toulon before he passes away, saying that's vital to saving humanity from destruction at the hands of the Elder Gods. and too loud, expresses surprise at the free moving puppets, but doesn't have sufficient motivation to commit, until he finds this dead Street urgent outside. they quickly bring him inside and perform a ceremony, filling it any future plot holes by acknowledging that the power comes from within. the process is secondary, so you can really do it however you want. and bing-bang-boom, the puppet comes to life. all they have to do is dispose of the body, a common activity for any turn-of-the-century Parisian puppeteer. kills us, still swinging from the hormone bath, and thirsty as hell, heads back to the theatre to check in on everyone, but two lands. not in a good mind space. when she arrives, he's distracted by his disobedient puppet and brushes her off. just then several men arrive at the behest of Elsa's father to take them both back to the embassy. working hard to rein in her adventurous nature, he informs her of his plan to send her back to Geneva and keep her under lock and key until then. the next morning, the talisman of protection falls from the doorpost, and the mummies gain access to the inner sanctum of the theatre, immediately going into action, well, kind of. they actually proceed in slow motion and continue in this way for some time, hitting puppeteer after puppeteer with some After Effects, quality magic that apparently causes lower GI discomfort and eventually death. this guy fires on them and gets three wait in the face. the Egyptian finally joins the party, just in time to save no one, and then kills himself. two-line arrives to find the aftermath of the destruction, and immediately goes to work, face down, ass up, he quickly begins poking them and invoking that magic. now in a hardcore state of mind, the puppets load up and prepare for battle, as Toulon gets his letters scarified into his shoulder. oh yeah, that'll keloid nicely. but he doesn't have to go far for the murder party. his magic alerted the mummies who arrived back at the theatre. they all have a slow, uneventful standoff, ending with tea in the troupe, escaping despite Tuan throwing a hip zhu tech cheatcodes to the three mummies, giving them another chance, along with additional power, which they diffuse into their faces. as they determine their next steps. they find a picture of Ilsa and conclude that she is the love of two lhans life. hey, don't put that on them, they've only met twice. they arrive at the vich Knox Factory and abduct her, only being met with a flaccid resistance. and then they send to LAN a dream, so he knows what's up to, longboards the appropriate train and works his way to the final boss fight. the powered up mummies quickly succumbed to pounding and stabbing. Ilsa is saved, and as they say, the rest is some sort of ill-formed, chronologically elastic history. the movies book ended with what we actually wanted. but guys role is relegated to relieving the series of a plot hole and offer a potential sequel, which you're not going to like, trust me. and that was a seventh puppetmaster. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. [Applause]. [Music]. 