hey film freaks. i'm your host, patrick, and today we're going to take a look at the 2017 mystery horror movie called cold skin. it's the chilly month of september 1914. a ship breaks its way through the ocean, flourishing with sea life. a young man is aboard a ship and looking out in the distance. the wind is swift and it puts out the matchstick. as the guy tries to light up a cigarette. the ship captain helps him to light up his joint, and afterwards, pulls out his telescope and squints into the distance. he offers the young man to take a look at this island. the guy looks through the telescope to see a silhouette of a rocky island on the horizon. as they hit the shore, it appears that it's a cold and breezy area. the men helped take off the young man's luggage, and they all make their way through the rocks up towards the plains. they walk up to a small wooden house. the captain goes inside and the young man follows. he enters and finds the house in a terrible state, overturned and disrupted, furniture which hasn't been cleaned or touched in decades. one of the helper guys drops a luggage at the doorway, and the young man assures the captain that everything is fine. whilst taking a look around, he notices the lighthouse at the other end of the shore. afterwards, the group of them take the path towards the lighthouse. on their way, they come across a huge rock with a miniature waterfall. the rock has the following sentence engraved, grooner owns this mountain. as they observe it, captain sends his men back to the boat, and they carry on towards the lighthouse. upon reaching it, they knock on the door, but nobody opens. after several attempts, the young man manages to push it open, and both of them walk in. the captain goes upstairs and finds a man who's fast asleep. the captain wakes him up and asks about the former weather forecaster. the man doesn't reply as the captain further explains that the new weather forecaster is here to replace the old one. grunting and complaining, the sleeper gets up and they see that he's an aged man with an overgrown beard and messy hair. he then tells them that the last one got sick and died. the captain demands for his remains, but the man named grooner says that he went somewhere while he was sick and never came back. as they leave the island, the young weather forecaster thanks the captain for his courtesies. the captain then offers him a revolver to keep himself safe. he refuses to accept it, and the crew departs, while he explains how he has to spend 12 months in solitude and study the wind and weather of the area and report it back. that night, he settles in the house and goes down the basement. he sets up his apparatus and takes out his tools. while he's setting his books, he comes across a journal in a drawer. it's a diary of the former weather forecaster, aldor vigland. he opens it to find it full of detailed illustrations and depictions of the specimens present on the island. as he flips through, he sees sketches of some weird creatures. the creatures had lizard-like slender bodies and sharp teeth. he puts the journal aside and goes to sleep. the following morning, he gets up early and sets his apparatus. he gets a log on the wind flow and its intensity and does all the calculations. meanwhile, he looks at the lighthouse through his binoculars and sees grooner, stark naked, stretching out on the balcony of the lighthouse. later that night, as the young man sits in his house, he hears rattling on his door. he suspects that this grooner, and he gradually approaches the door. the rattle continues, and the webbed hand slides from underneath the guy crumples the hand with his foot, and it instantly recedes, followed by an angry snarl. in the next moment, he starts hearing weird noises and angry growls all around. he gets terrified and runs down the basement and closes the hatch. whilst he waits and peeps through a crack, he's met with a surprise as an eye of a creature appears suddenly. as a reflex, the young man instantly stabs the eye with a blade, and the creature screeches and everything quiets down. the next morning, the guy comes out from the basement and sees the blood spread on the floorboards. he then goes out to see weird, unhuman footsteps in the sand leading towards the shore. for his knowledge and safety, he goes to the lighthouse and shouts for grooner to come out. after a while, bruner appears, comments that he should have just stayed on the boat and goes back inside. after zero assistance from gruner, the young man decides to do something for his protection. he grabs the wood around the cabin and starts to build a barrier all around the premises. he digs up the sand and places the wooden crates to create a barricade around the house. the night falls in, and as the young man searches in the house, he finds a rifle and plenty of bullets for it. after preparing himself, he takes rounds looking through every window. to his horror, he sees dozens of creatures coming towards his cabin from the rocks at the shore. he gets back and loads up his rifle. just as the previous night, the door starts rattling, but this time the windows also get raided. he shoots at the windows. as several hands try to break in, he shoots them one by one again and again, due to his vigorous reaction, things settle down for a moment, but the door starts shuddering again. the creatures behind it use all their might to bring it down. the young man uses his effort to shoot at the monsters, and as an attempt for safety, he grabs the torch from the fireplace and lights up the whole barricade around this cabin on fire. that scares all the creatures away. meanwhile, the fire starts to spread and is about to engulf the house as well. the guy tries to put it out, but fails to do so. so he escapes the house and spends the rest of the night outside. as the morning sun rises, he visits his cabin to see it all blackened. after staying for a while, he travels out with his gun. along his way, he sees grooner going somewhere. he hides from him at first, and when he passes, he continues to space. while he arrives at the waterfalls, creature creeps up behind him and attacks him. he pushes her down and points his rifle at her face. just as he's about to shoot, gruner arrives on the scene and targets the young man and asks him to spare the creature as she's harmless. in the next instance, the creature gets up and treads the grooner and sits on his side like a pet. gruner names a young man friend. friend stares at gruner and is obedient creature. afterwards, they both start to walk along. they visit the burned house and collect all the ammunition from that place. and gruner allows friend to stay in the lighthouse. after a day or two, friend wakes up with a start as he sees the creature licking his wound. in the meantime, gruner comes in and asks him if the wound has healed. it seems that her saliva has some special healing powers. gruner tells him that she's like his pet, and she can command the other creatures. friend gets curious about the evolutionary factors of the creature and concludes that, due to all the factors, she's neither a reptile, a mammal or an amphibian. afterwards, both of them climbed to the top of the lighthouse. friend asked rooner why he didn't leave the place when he arrived here on the boat. gruner simply replies that he's no longer interested in living in the civilized world. here he's the master of his own destiny and can do whatever he wants. friend listens to him, but puts forward his point that he is going to signal the very next ship that's coming. gruner scoffs and says that the only ship which will arrive is going to be the ship bringing his replacement. that evening, friend is settling his leftover stuff from the bird's house. when the creature comes down the stairs. they both sit and she picks up a stick from the stuff and starts to devour it. as friend watches her, gruner looks at both of them and orders friend to grab his rifle and join him. upon reaching the top, bruner tells him that they have to kill the creatures. after that, he lights up a flare to grab their attention. after a while, the light falls on the rocks, and friend witnesses dozens of beasts crawling towards them. upon their attack, gruner starts shooting at them. he orders friend to use his gun, but he goes into shock. in his trauma, he backs off into the house and sits against the wall. he goes into a complete trance as he witnesses gruner fighting them alone. friend faints away, while grooner keeps fighting throughout the night. the following morning, gruner wakes him up and gets furious at him for not helping and assisting him last night. in his rage, he orders friend to go and fetch buckets of water. upon that, friend leaves the lighthouse and goes to fetch water from the waterfalls. when he returns, he walks up the lighthouse and catches grooner making out with a creature. he suddenly closes the hatch and comes down later. the three of them have lunch, and they all sit in awkwardness as they eat. the creature offers friend some of her food, but bruno reacts furiously as if he's jealous. as the knight falls in, both of them go to the top of the lighthouse again, gruner shoots a flare and they wait for the monsters to attack. when they do, bruno retreats inside to leave friend all by himself. gruner closes the door and locks him out. this time, friend fights all night, and at dawn, gruner comes out to see him sitting with a blood-stained face and fury radiating from his expressions. months go by as they follow the same routine every day. and night, they kill the creatures, and in the morning, friend completes a task that he's been provided in order to keep his place at the lighthouse. one day, they sit around and have lunch. during the discussion, gruner claims that he wants to exterminate all the creatures. later, he asks friend to collect more timber. friend simply replies that they haven't been attacked in weeks. but grooner orders him to follow his command. later that night, gruno explains that after killing dozens of them, they're trying to generate the whole army for the next attack. the time passes on, and one day, friend follows the creatures amongst the rocky paths to a water body within the rocks. he sits at the edge and watches the creature swim. while he's at the place, friend names her anaris. afterwards, they're at the lighthouse, gruner pulls out chess and they start playing. friends says that they can capture the creature and take it to the united states or another country as a matter of research, and they'll get famous. it's revealed that gruner came to the island for the same purpose years ago, after admitting it, he urges friend to focus on the game, which he does by doing checkmate on grooner. gruner loses his temper upon the loss, and suddenly pulls out his gun and shoots a creature in the window. they suddenly remember that they forgot to turn on the light. gruner hurriedly brings down the metal brace for the door, and both of them get prepared. the monsters arrive in packs of hundreds, snarling, gnarling. they climb up the tower and rages hell upon them. grooner and friend takes them down one by one, but they run out of ammunition, and the monsters keep on coming. they recede into the galley deck and close the door to climb up the top case of the tower. while up the stairs, one of the creatures injures gruner's leg and inflicts a major wound. throughout the whole night, they wait helplessly as creatures snarl and walk around them. fortunately, at the break of dawn, all of them leave. they take a sigh of relief, but friend claims that they cannot fight them for long, as the ammunitions and their will to fight is limited. he then goes down the basement that daenerys tends to gruner's wound. one day, as they're working outside, friend catches a glimpse of a ship in the distance. he suddenly gets excited and runs inside. gruner also gets curious and comes to the shore and sees the ship. in the meantime, friend returns with the flare gun. and just as he's about to shoot the flare towards the ship, crooner stops him and pins him to the ground. suddenly, anaris lunges forward and snarls at gruner for hurting friend. in reply, gruner takes out his belt to hit her, but she scurries away. friend realizes that it's gruner all the way who's making problems and creating enemies, while indulging himself in his pathetic and pitiful self-isolation, as he has no strength to face anyone months pass on again. one day, friend walks to the shore and finds daenerys cooped up at the whale skeleton. he observes that she's been brutalized again by grooner. to console her, he diverts her attention by showing her a carved model of a boat. as he explains, anery suddenly gets anxious and leads him to the shore. there, he comes upon an upturned, hidden rowboat. later, he comes back to grooner and tells him about it. gruner remarks that he already knows about it, and that it belonged to some portuguese who were dynamite smugglers. but he says the bombs that he found were all waterlogged and useless, despite the lack of ammo. gruner doesn't agree when friend suggests to him that they go to the drowned ship and retrieve the dynamites. and the plan drops. the next day, friend goes out and comes upon daenerys taking a bath. he also goes in with her, but grooner sees them, upon the sign of the two of them together, bruner gets jealous. and when friend returns to the lighthouse, gruner agrees to go to the ship. now they move through cold waters towards the ship. as they've reached the spot, friend narrates to him that pulling the rope once will mean everything is fine. two means a crate is ready, and three is the sign that he needs help. with that, he dives in the water and finds many boxes of dynamite. there, he hooks them up one by one, and gruner pulls out all of them. meanwhile, the creature's soft spring starts swimming around, and friend gets scared. he falls down and tugs at the rope, but gruner doesn't pull him up. in the meantime, the toad children come near him, but they bear him no harm. using his own efforts, friend takes off his suit and swims with the boat, gruner pulls him up. as they roll back to the shore. back at the lighthouse, they start placing the dynamites all around the perimeter. but unfortunately, a week passes and nobody attacks. meanwhile, the winter season is also at the door, and it starts snowing on the island. even in the harsh weather. gruner is actively on duty in the freezing weather, waiting for the creatures to come so that he can blast them to shreds. friend comes up to see his miserable condition and advises him to come inside. while they sit. anerys comes, and gruner lashes at her by suspecting her to be a spy. as he hits her, friend stops him, and gruner tells him the plan to blast them when they'll be lured in. that night, they wait for the beast to come, but no one attacks them. gruner then brings out an heiress and urges her to cry and wail. when she does that, they start appearing. one of them attacks friend, but he saves his life and runs up to the top deck. meanwhile, hundreds of the toad species claim the lighthouse and raid their place. in the meantime, gruner manages to detonate the whole place and all of the creatures are blown away. the following morning, friend wakes up to find gruner and himself injured. after they manage to get up, friend goes down and observes the massacre they inflicted. later at night, gruner shares how he found daenerys trapped in the net and he saved her. friend doesn't reply to him as he finds himself questioned by his own conscience. the next day, he goes to the shore by the whale skeleton and places the carved boat in the sand, surrounded by stones. upon his return, he sees grooner making more gunpowder for any future attack. many days pass and there's no response from anyone. but one evening, friend visits the shore and observes that his boat is not there. just as he's trying to fathom the reason, a small creature reluctantly comes out from behind the stones and approaches him. as friend looks on, hundreds of creatures emerge from the sea and stand in front of him. while he's there with them in peace, a shot is fired. everybody retreats and turns around to see grooner with his rifle. he gets furious and is about to kill them, when friend stops him and says that the creatures are here for a truce and we mustn't hurt them. gruner gets mad and loses his mind. he starts talking gibberish and repeatedly saying, no one leaves gruner. gruner leaves and runs back to the lighthouse. the creatures also start to retreat, but suddenly a flare comes from the lighthouse and it kills the child toad. the rest of them leave immediately after his cruelty, friend decides to teach bruno a lesson, and he runs back to the lighthouse where he finds grooner. but runer gets the upper hand and throws him into the wall. just as grooner's about to smash his head, friend reveals that he knows his identity he's aware that gruner is actually the previous weather forecaster, aldor weigland. upon hearing that, he loses all his strength and drops his axe. he slowly limps his way outside into the open where the creatures terminate him. peers pass on. and one day a ship captain arrives at the lighthouse with a new weather forecaster. he comes to friend and wakes him up by denoting him as mr groener. as he gets up, he's in a terrible state, with overgrown hair and beard. the captain then inquires about the whereabouts of the previous weather forecaster. friend doesn't reply to him, and slowly walks out to the window to witness a fleet of mega ships in the distance. the people behind him talk about the miserable state of friend and how the isolation wrecked him. meanwhile, he keeps on looking at the ocean with tentative expressions. the ending scene shows us anerys running around the island in sheer excitement, free as a skylark, she waves her way through the rocks and dives straight in the water and swims off into the depths of the ocean. drop a comment below, letting me know how you found the video. make sure to like, subscribe and ring the notification bell. thanks for watching, guys, 