welcome to the man of recaps. this is the Bachelorette, episode three. Hannah is ready to find true love, but there's still a bunch of dudes left. the first group date is all about babies. the boys get to experience firsthand what motherhood feels like, because Hannah wants to have kids one day. they do some nipple clamps for breastfeeding and electric shocks for labor pains. the guy from American Pie is there, and it's a pretty fun time, especially my boy, John Paul Jones, whose reactions I can't even afterwards. Jed, the singer, has a great connection with Hannah. they throw some chicken nuggets off the roof while they make a wish. they really love chicken nuggets on the show. Mike's a good guy, and he and Hannah connect about sad stories in their past. but who should interrupt but cam. it's like, come on, man, just wait your turn. all the other guys hate him, so during his time, they go in and kick him out. the next day, it's Connor s who scores the one-on-one date. but what's this? Oh, Hannah's rushed to the hospital. don't worry, she's okay. it's just the stresses of being a Bachelorette. she passed out the other day. so instead of a fun, adventurous date, Connor comes over to just cuddle. he's, uh, yeah, very uninteresting. nothing special about him. but he leaves her a bunch of super cute notes hidden around the apartment. that's so sweet. Hannah eats this up, so she invites him back for a nighttime date. they have a private dance and make out, and he gets a rose. the next group date is a photo shoot with a bunch of cute animals. one gets a puppy, who one gets a little pig. this guy gets a straight-up llama. but it's not all fun and games. little do they know, the guys are being watched. the makeup artist is an undercover actress, here to flirt with the guys and see how they act when they don't think anyone's watching. no drama here though, the guys, I'll stay true to Hannah. so everyone has a great time, except for Luke P he was the front-runner in episodes 1 &amp; 2, but now the other guys are starting to connect with Hannah. he came on super strong, super early. and Hannah's kind of like, hey, man, I like you, but we got a long season ahead of us. you got to bring it down a notch. but Luke doesn't get the message. during every other guy sit down, he busts in like, hey, can we talk? she has to take him aside again and be like, bro, slow your roll. Peter, the pilot is a nice, funny guy. he and Hannah really connect this night. they have a steamy make out in the courtyard, and he gets the group-date rose. the next day, Hannah's had enough of the ramaa. she's ready for some fun, so they have a casual Alabama tailgate. but the drama just don't stop. cam, the villain of the first two episodes who kept stealing time from the other guys. he has a group chat with the other men. maybe he's gonna apologize. no, he doubles down on being like, yo, give me more time with Ana. it's like, are you serious? bro? maybe sing always me. cam, I hate him. he grabs Hannah and pulls her away from the fun tailgate to tell her a sob story about how he almost lost his leg, and then he's grandma died and his dog ran away. sadness overload. she really appreciates that he's opened up to her about this. but Big Mike's like, yo, girl, he's playing you. Oh. Hannah's pissed. she sits cam down and she's like, you're trying to get a pity rose from me. I don't give out pity roses. so that night, it's the rose ceremony. most of the guys we know well stick around. Luke P was in danger, but they had a great connection the first two weeks, so Hannah gives him another chance. and as we get to the final rose, cam is still around. will she believe that he's genuine, or does she realize that he's a sneaky bastard? so the rose goes to that other guy. oh, ho. cam is out of year. all the other dudes are happy to see him gone. to be honest, I'm a little sad because now we don't have a villain. on the other hand, I hate him, and I feed on his tears. ABC always be crying. so there's the recap of the Bachelorette week three. I'm hooked now. I gotta see how this plays out. so hit that subscribe button and join me for the best recaps every week. 