hello and welcome back to 10 minute movies, where we take cinematic masterpieces, and, more often disasters, and spliced them down into short videos. today we're taking a look at the second film in the James Bond franchise, From Russia With Love. the film was released in 1963, just a year after the first movie, dr. no. doctor no. was so successful that the production company doubled the budget for From Russia With Love. this led to, in my opinion, our much more varied and exciting sequel, like dr. know. it too was directed by Terrence young. and it also currently holds a 95 percent score on Rotten Tomatoes. so without further ado, let's get into the plot. the film starts with the familiar gun barrel sequence before we're thrown into the apparent murder of James Bond. this turns out to be a Spectre training exercise involving assassin, donald red grant and a man in a Bond Mars Spectre out for revenge after the death of dr. know in Jamaica. are preparing an elaborate mission to assassinate Bond spectres. chief planner, chess grandmaster cron Steen, devises a brilliant plan to lure James to his death. spectres chief executive number one, puts Rosa Klebb, a former Soviet intelligence colonel, in charge of the mission. the plan is as follows, Rosa Klebb intends to lure bond to Istanbul by promising the British Secret Service elect a cryptography device. this is basically an advanced decoder owned by the Russians. meaning the plan involves playing British and Soviet intelligence against each other to do this. club recruits Tatiana Romanova, a cipher clerk at the Soviet consulate in Istanbul, who believes cleb is still working for the Soviet government. club also chooses red grant, the assassin from the beginning, to protect bond until he acquires the Lecter. then grant is to kill him and steal the machine for Spectre so they can sell it back to the Russians. in London, the head of the Secret Service, M informs bond that a Russian cipher Clark has contacted station T and Turkey, offering to defect with a top secret letter, on the condition that James Bond handles her case personally. M deduces that it's a trap, but decides the chance of obtaining elector is worth the risk before being sent to Istanbul. however, Bond meets Q. mi6, is weapons Master. Q gives Bond an attache case with a concealed throwing knife, fifty gold sovereigns, a teargas booby trap and a sniper rifle. then Bond flies to Istanbul. there he's taken to meet head of station teeth Karim Bane. on the way, his car is tailed by Bulgarian agents working for Russia. this is known about by station t. however, they follow us, we follow their major, sort of understandingly. her bond is taken to Korean Bay, and the two discussed the case outside. red Grant steals the Bulgarian car and kills the driver before delivering the car to the Soviet consulate. the Soviets believe it was the British and station T who killed their driver, so in retaliation, they bomb Koreans office with a limpet mine. but thankfully, he's on her Kareem takes bond to spy on a Soviet consulate through a periscope in the aqueducts beneath Istanbul. and the to learn that the Soviets were indeed responsible for the bombing. fearing for his life, Korean takes bond to a rural gypsy settlement to lay low. whilst there, he is attacked by a group of Russian led Bulgarians. in the ensuing battle, grant fulfills his duty in keeping bond alive by saving him from a sniper shot. the fight is eventually won by the gypsies, and bond and Kareem stay the night at the settlement. the next evening, bond finds Romanova in his hotel room and they have sex. unbeknownst to either of them is the spectre film the entire thing the following day where monitor brings the Consulate floor plans to the Hagia Sophia, where she gives them to bond. using the plans, bond and Kareem steal the Lecter from the Khan, then bond, Romanova and kareem escape aboard the Orient Express. however, a Soviet security officer named Benz tails them onto the train. this forces bond and Kareem to apprehend him. in one of the trains cabins. bond leaves Kareem with the man. and while he's gone, grant kills both Kareem and Ben's. bond returns to find the two dead, and presumes that the two fought each other to death. incidentally, the death of Kareem also prevents bond from rendezvous with one of Koreans men who would have taken them all to safety. because of this, bond Umrah manav are forced to continue on to belgrade. at the station, bond passes word of Kareem's death to his son and asked for an agent from station white to meet him at zagreb. at zagreb, the agent, called captain nash, boards the train and attempts to find bond. however, grant kills nash and decides to pose as the agent. he then meets with bond for dinner. during the meal, he spikes rahman of his drink. the trio head back to a cabin where a man of her passes out. bond confronts grant, who in turn overpowers him. when he awakens, grant taunts bond by telling him that, yeah, isn't she working for Spectre? - no, I think she's doing it all for Mother Russia. grant then reveals the rest of Spector's plan, having kept bond alive long enough to bring spec to the Lecter. grant can now kill bond. he then plans to leave the compromising film of bond and ramon over with a blackmail letter, staging their deaths as a murder suicide in order to scandalize the British Secret Service. as a dying man's request, bond asks for a cigarette. he tricks granted - opening the booby-trapped case, setting off the tear gas bomb. grant is distracted, allowing bond to jump him. the two fight, but eventually, thanks to the concealed knife in the case, bond is able to kill warrant. realizing that grant must have had a getaway bond, Umrah manova leaved the train. when it unexpectedly stops, sure enough, there's a getaway truck waiting, intended for grant. bond kills the driver and here in Romano, roughly the scene, on their way back to safety. following, grants escape route. bond and Romano var attacked by a spectre helicopter. bond manages to destroy the helicopter, though using his rifle. [Music], Veon Romanova then steal a boat on the croatian coast and head towards Italy. as they leave, they're pursued by a squadron of Spectre power boats. they shoot to ponder mermen over, but bond releases and then detonates his own power boats fuel drums with a flare gun, which engulfs the pursuers in a sea of flames. having arrived in Venice, Banda Ramon of a Reacher hotel. there they are attacked by Clem disguised as a maid. she tries to kill bond with a poison tip, switch rate, shoot, but Ramon of a suit sir, finally breaking her allegiance with Russia. having accomplished their mission, bond and Ramon over depart on a romantic boat ride. the screen fades to black as bond and Ramon of a kiss and BOM throws the compromising microfilm into the Venice canal. thank you so much for watching 10 minute movies. if you'd enjoy this, then please subscribe for more videos like it. and I'll see you all later. 