welcome to the man of recaps. this is his dark materials, season one. welcome to a world not unlike our own, except everyone gets a super cute animal companion called a demon, spelled this way, cool. but it's ruled by an evil, church-themed empire called the magisterium. not so cool. now meet lyra. she's an orphan raised as a ward of jordan college, dropped off here as a baby. lyra's had a pretty good life so far, hanging out with her best friend, roger, the kitchen boy, and her demon pantalyman, goes by pan. but now her uncle, lord asriel, played by james mcavoy, a super cool adventurer, is here to visit. the headmaster tries to poison him, but luckily, lyra saves him just in time. see, he's given a presentation tonight about the research he's been doing up at the north pole about dust. we don't learn what dust is yet, but it's super illegal to even talk about that's why they tried to poison him before he could give the presentation. but he's discovered something even crazier. in the aurora borealis, there is a city. yeah, it's a portal to another world. he also claims to have found the head of professor gruman, the last professor that was up there researching things. he thinks the magisterium killed him. lyra really wants to go with her super cool uncle on his adventures in the north, but he's like, yeah, i'm a badass scholar adventurer. i don't have time to be babysitting. but soon after, jordan college gets another exciting visitor, mrs coulter, who's got a creepy golden monkey demon. turns out she's a super cool scholar explorer too, and she wants lyra to come with her. now, naturally, lyra is part of some prophecy, so the professors give her a cool magic item, the elethiometer. yes, this is the golden compass that the first book is named after, and apparently it tells you the truth. they don't tell her how to use it though, so she's just like, hey, siri, what's what's up? elsewhere in town, meet the egyptians, the nomadic boat people. they're celebrating this kid's bar mitzvah. yeah, when you're a kid, your demon can change forms willy-nilly. but once you're a teenager. it settles on one. that night, young gypsian billy costas. he's a scary fox demon. and, oh, he's kidnapped. turns out lots of kids have gone missing lately, captured by the mysterious gobblers. in fact, just then roger gets gobbled up too. mrs culture's like, hey, we'll look for him in london while we go on our adventure. so lara travels to london to be mrs colter's assistant. mrs colter seems very nice, but is also kind of creepy. just stares off in a bathtub sometimes. and one night, when lyra snooping around, she finds her golden monkey demon way at the other end of the hallway that's not supposed to be possible to be that far apart. soon they have a big fight that turns into a pokemon battle. monkey, oh, he's got pan liar's like, you can't treat me like this. my uncle, lord azrael will save me. but mrs colter drops a truth bomb asriel's not your uncle, he's your father. so lara does some more snooping, finds out mrs coulter's running the general oblation board. g-o-b, yeah, she's the gobblers. yes, the magisterium is kidnapping kids for sinister reasons. lara tries to run away, but she gets gobbled up too. luckily, she's saved by the egyptians. yeah, the egyptians rolled out in force to try to find their missing kids. they're led by double game of thrones actors. this one's jon fah, the egyptian king. and this other one's farter quorum. farter spelled with a d, pronounced like a guy who farts. there's also ma costa looking for her son. billy takes lyra under her wing. in fact, she knows a secret about lyra's parents. yeah, lord azrael is her father, but her mother was mrs coulter. neither of them wanted to be parents though, so gave lyra up to be raised as an orphan. but now mrs coulter wants her daughter back. she sends these tracking bugs after her. lyra catches one, but the other gets away. luckily, the egyptians aren't sticking around. they've learned that gobblers have taken all their kids to the north pole. so they sell all their little boats for one big boat. and we're going north now. on the way, lyra learns a little more about the ole theometer. apparently you set the dials to the symbols that sort of frame a question, and then you concentrate on it, and it'll tell you the answer. it takes years of study to even begin to understand it, but lyra just kind of wings it, and she's a natural. now, who's this? it's lin-manuel miranda as lee scorsby the texan hot air ballooner. he's a good-hearted scoundrel with his hair demon hester. he's here to rescue his friend, yorick bernesen, who is an armored polar bear. the town stole his armor, though, and using it as leverage, he's basically a slave here. but lyra, with their golden compass powers, hey, siri, where's the armor? so eric goes on a rampage to get it back, and boom, armored bear time, baby. so lee and yorick agree to come with egyptians on their quest. now, the magisterium is mostly full of loser, old dudes with like beetles as demons. but one magisterium agent, lord boreal, is super sexy, got a cool snake demon he's hunting down this professor grumman, who's headlord azrael. apparently found but he doesn't think it's him. in fact, he goes to this strange tear in reality and steps through. oh, it's a portal to another world. in not just any other world. it is, in fact, our world. lord boreal is a seasoned world traveler. apparently he's got a tesla parked here, though it's built up a bunch of parking tickets. apparently, professor grumman was actually from our world, traveled to lyra's world through the big opening at the north pole. and he has a family here, this kid named will. will's a good kid. takes care of his mom, who's never fully recovered from her husband's disappearance. in fact, she has some letters from her husband that apparently explain what he knows about parallel worlds. lord boyle wants those letters. when she won't give him up, he hires some goons to ransack the house, but we'll find him first. and when he tries to fight these guys off, oh, the cat gets in the way and knocks this guy off the balcony. yeah, uh. will's cat just killed a guy. now, back to lyra the elite. theometer points her towards billy costa. she hops on her new bear friend and rides off through the tundra. apparently, his story is he was supposed to be the king of the bears, but he was framed for murder and exiled for now they find billy costa. hooray. but wait a second. where's his demon? yes, the magisterium is cutting kids demons away. who knows why, but it leaves them as a shell of a human being. and he soon dies. soon after, lyra gets gobbled up again. she gives them a fake name. they don't know she's mrs coulter's daughter, so they put her in with the rest of the kids. luckily here, lyra is reunited with her best friend, roger. the lyra's getting pretty old. they need to cut her before her demon settles, so they pick her to go next, put her in pan in this crazy machine with a guillotine between them. it's only just then when mrs coulter sees her, that's my daughter, stops the experiment. she finally explains what they're doing. it's all about dust. now, dust settles on adults, but it ignores kids whose demons haven't settled yet. the magisterium thinks that dust is a physical manifestation of sin, and if they cut kids demons away before they settle, the kids will like, always be sin free, and it'll be an awesome paradise world. mrs coulter's like, so you see, it's for the greater good. but it's like you're kidnapping kids and most of them don't survive these experiments. are you the bad guy? lyra manages to distract her mom with the spy fly she sent after her earlier, and locks her in her room. she runs over to the intercision machine, turns that thing on full power and, boom, explodes it. luckily, just then the egyptians arrive. it's a big old fight scene. in fact, they get some reinforcements from a witch who moves super fast, takes all these guys out. yeah, her name is serafina pekla. apparently her and farter coram used to date. in fact, she's still kind of into it. she doesn't mind old, hairy men. she's like, come here, you big bear. give mama some honey. so the kids are saved, and the egyptian's quest is over. but lyra's like, hey, since i've come this far, i want to keep going north and find my father, lord asriel. he scores, b agrees to take her in his balloon along with yorick bernison, who seems too big to float. but that night they're attacked by monkey bats. so big fight in chaos. lyra unlatches the balloon door. oh, she's hanging on, and she falls to her death. but she survives, apparently she landed in some really soft snow. and lyra is captured again, this time by armored bears. they're currently ruled by the evil bear king who set up yorick. lyra thinks quick on her feet and claims to be yorick's demon. he's like, what? i didn't know bears could have demons. if he has one, i want one. she's like, yeah, i'll become your demon if you beat him in single combat. so yorick's allowed in. he's like, wow, girl, you're an amazing talker. i give you the nickname lyra silverton. and then it's time for an armored bear battle, except they fight without their armor on, so not as cool. long story short, yorick wins and is now the king of the bears who are going to be good bears now. so live reunites with a friend, roger lee, scores be crashed the balloon somewhere else, i guess. and together they ride their bear friend up to lord azrael's super sweet polar cabin. turns out lord asriel was expecting a kid, but when he sees lyra, he's like, no, it wasn't supposed to be you. then when he sees she brought roger with him, his demeanor totally changes. he's like, oh, hey, random orphan kid i don't care about. sure looks like he's about to get human sacrificed. so larry and her dad finally talk about what he's doing up here, this whole dust is sin thing. he's like, yo, i'm an atheist. i don't buy that. turns out dust, whatever it is, comes from the world on the other side of the aurora borealis. he wants to travel through that portal and discover the real nature of the universe. unfortunately, to open the portal, he needs a huge burst of energy, the kind that you get when you split a kid from his demon. yeah. poor roger just can't catch a break. but also, just then mrs coulter leaving the magisterium in force, flying in on their airship's gonna stop lord asriel from doing his heresy. but the armored bears are here to help. so it's a bear verse blimp fight. how do bears fight blimps, you ask? well, they have artillery. alright. saliva is trying to save her best friend from her father, who, just like her mother, is gonna kill him for the greater good. but she's too late. lord asriel, oh, he goes through with it sliced off, and boom, big explosion of energy that eventually settles down to a doorway to another world. just then mrs colter meets him on the top of the mountain. he's like, hey, my love. forget the magisterium. join me. he's got some pretty big talk here, like he wants to find the authority, their word for god, and kill him, i guess, free the world from his tyranny, help me create a new republic of heaven. she's made her choice though. she's dedicated to the magisterium. so these two are opposed, but they're still super attracted to each other, and me cow. so she doesn't stop him. she goes home as lord asriel travels through the gateway to another world. lara gets there a minute later, too late to save roger. he is dead. and when there's a shining doorway to another world in front of you, you step through it. her travels are intercut with will back on our world. he was sort of hiding out after accidentally helping his cat kill a guy. in fact, he follows this random other cat too. the portal that lord boreal uses, he figures what the heck and goes through too. so are kids traveling to another world. and that's how season one comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 