[Music]. welcome to cinema summary, ladies and gentlemen. and today we'll be looking at Eli, a movie about a very sickly boy getting cured. except not everything is as it seems, ain't. just so you know, I'll be going through the story of the film first before explaining and clarifying a few things. so put on your hazmat suits and take your medication, because this is the story of Eli. 2019. Eli Miller is the son of Christians rose and Paul Miller, and he's a very sickly boy with a really bad autoimmune disease that will burn his skin off if it takes off his hazmat suit. if this condition has cost the Millers a lot of money, and they are currently on their way to get light treated by dr. horn, and immunologist who's seen plenty of patients like Eli, and seems to be trusted by pollen rows. mind you, Eli's going to be treated inside this big, spooky house, where he can, thankfully, take off his hats my suit in peace. but he's a little skeptical of dr. horn, and tries to get used to the spooky house where he will be sleeping separate from his parents. however, things become spooky as the night he arrives, Eli is visited by a ghost which blows on his window, although it could just be an hallucination, at least according to dr. horn, who gives him his first treatment, this viral gene therapy that will cure his malfunctioning genes over the course of three treatments. though it's as he's in the operating room that thinks feel off, like this nurse who takes his photo subtly, or this ghost child that he sees in the reflection of a chair. and after waking up from the anesthesia, he hears someone throwing rocks at his window and sees that it's a girl who he goes down to meet in this living room. meet Haley, an energetic, sort of weird, quirky, but certainly friendly redhead who, much like Eli, is into magic tricks in sleight of hand, able to set things on fire with her mind, at least according to her. but more than that, she's also rather important, as she tells in light of the house he's in, is weird in that dr. Horne doesn't seem to like her a lot. from here on out, there is a very clear supernatural presence throughout the house that, much like any horror film on his only witnessed by singular person. in this case, it's Eli, who is harassed by the spirits of children. in no matter how much Eli insists that he's haunted by ghosts, his parents don't believe him, neither does dr. Horne, who's insistent that it's just the medication that's causing Eli to hallucinate. it's rather suspicious, and it's also a lie, since another ghost, al-rai, tells Eli, by writing on glass, about said why, or at least about a lie. this only gets more suspicious as after the second treatment, Eli begins to feel worse and look worse, which only gets worse as yet another ghost comes and harasses him, this time carving the words wide, again and again on the surface of Eli's closet, which Eli's parents and dr. Horne think was his fault. and when Eli again tries to explain that it was the ghosts, dr. Horne tells Eli that none of her other patients ever experienced paranormal activity or saw any ghosts. but that night, Eli talks to Haley once more, who talks about a previous patient by the name of Perry, who was being treated much like Elias, and who said that he had seen ghosts, and who Haley never saw again after he got his third treatment. and it's after this Eli gets dragged through the decontamination chamber by the ghosts. it gets found by dr. Horne, who Eli calls a liar and mentions knowing about Perry, much to dr. horns horror, before blacking out and waking up at his bed where his mom gives him some diazepam at a pep talk. though during this talk, he realizes the ghostly children were trying to tell me code a password to something three-one-seven, the word lie upside down. in that night, he goes to the medical wing using three-one-seven as the access code and finds files of the previous kids, Perry, Agnes and Lucius, and discovers that they died due to dr. horns treatments. meanwhile, Rose and Paul get into a fight of each other about dr. horns methods and her actually lackluster success rate in curing kids. Andros decides then and there to leave, waking up dr. Horne, who goes to check on them. at the same time, Eli nuts over a glass, causing a nurse to investigate the disturbance. so after going upstairs, finding his parents missing, he gets injected with something by his dad, and the nurses drag him down to the medical wing. though he manages to break out and go back to the medical wing and tries to show his parents the files, but they're gone. and after running away, he finds himself in dr. horns room, where there's a photo of her and the nurses dressed as nuns. and that's when a dragonfly appears and guides Eli to a secret chamber, to this sacrificial altar place thingy, along of a crucifix and a sealed well. but it's here that he gets locked in by dr. Horne his parents, who decide he needs to be treated. but Eli's condition acts up and he blacks out before waking up again. and he's fine. he can breathe. his parents lied to him about his condition, but why? and he shouts and screams that his parents asking them why. and his mom hears this and goes down to investigate, only to find Eli is silent. he's dead. so she rushes an only to get blindsided by Eli, who swings a crucifix at her and runs to the living room where he sees Haley and tries to break out, but gets caught by the nurses who dragged him to the uart. at the same time that Rosa wakes up and opens up the sealed well to find the bodies of the other patients wrapped up and clearly dead. then a lot of things happen in the finale. the parents allow dr. horn to do her which is actually in exorcism ritual that involves trying to cast out the spirit of the devil out of Eli, which goes terribly, terribly wrong. and after using his dark powers, Eli breaks out of his restraints and uses his powers on the nurses before interrogating his mom about what exactly he is. and she reveals that his dad is real. dad was the devil who Goddard pregnant after she prayed to him, and that Eli never had an autoimmune disease, that was all just a lie. and the film ends of Eli fully embracing his demonic heritage and leaving, only to run into Haley, who reveals that she's liked him a half-double child who was keeping an eye on him, and who decides to take him to meet his dad. and together, along with Eli's mom, they pile into a car and drive off, leaving the creepy mansion aflame. okay, so they explain a lot of what exactly is going on at the end of the film, inside the film. but in case things are happening too fast, Eli is the son of the devil, El Diablo, the Big D himself, the adversary, aka the devil. and rose his biological mother, prayed to be a child to God, who didn't answer her priors, but the devil did. and this explains why pollen rows have such a strained relationship throughout the film. and furthermore, Els condition, his autoimmune disease, was BS. it was a big lie propagated by his parents in order to keep his demonic heritage hidden and, of course, protect other people from the threat that he posed. since, as we see, a theme of the film, demon children are very powerful, even if they're half demon. and it seems that in moments of extreme emotional distress, his demonic heritage awakens, which leads to his skin condition, although that is also due to the injections of holy water that he's exposed to in the treatments. now, moving on to the treatments, its outright stated that these were injections of holy water, which leads to him burning, rather literally, due to his demonic nature, along be medicated with treatments of Tannis root, which, according to my research, is like a magical ingredient used in magical rituals. and in fact, I think this might be a reference to Rosemary's Baby, another film that has a very similar plot line that also makes reference to Tannis root. so if each treatment of holy water in different places, it seems that it, unfortunately, has a fatal effects on half demonic children, which led to them dying and potentially getting absolved. but dr. Horne and her nurses / nuns who conduct the exorcism and keep their bodies trapped beneath the house, and those seals, which presumably also traps the souls, all these children to the house do to say, physical connection with their soul and their body. and speaking of the children, Lucius, Agnes and Perry are, as mentioned before, children will be Big D and something interesting to note is that the names Lucius and Agnes, as well as Eli, have some association with Christianity, with Lucius coming from the Latin word Luke's meaning light, the same root word as Lucifer, a name that refers to the devil. and Agnes is associated with lambs due to st. Agnes as a martyrdom way back when. furthermore, Eli's name is Hebrew in origin and could be a direct reference to the high priest Eli from the book of Samuel, although it could also be associated with Elijah and Elijah, although this could be coincidental, since I couldn't find anything about Perry's name being associated with any Christian things. and finally, throughout the film, we see dragonflies flutter around the estate and usually act as a guide for you'll I, which I believe could be a reference the bill Zebub, the Lord of the Flies, one of these seven demon princes of hell, and is another name for the devil. and I believe through these dragonflies, the devil sort of helps out his children to help them survive against the exorcism that dr. Horne and her nurses conduct, although none were as strong as Eli, whose demonic powers are implied to have grown since he's entering adolescence, which, accorded dr. Horne, was when the demons powers typically manifest. although an alternative interpretation of the dragon flies could be that these are actually the souls of the children projecting themselves as dragonflies. food-for-thought. and by the end of the film, we find out that Haley is, like Eli, a child of the devil and a human woman, and who, according to her, was unable to help out Eli with his trial and tribulation since prefers to see if his children can help themselves out. which i think is probably due to the devil needing capable and self-sufficient hairs to usher in the end of days. but that's just what I think. and with that being said, thank you so much for watching, ladies and gentlemen. if you enjoy the video, leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on my latest uploads. now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go visit my priest, just in case. [Music]. 