for full up again. let me start by saying, if you've young'uns, ever see a picture show about a bunch of people from different backgrounds who have nothing in common becoming best girlfriends? LOL, TBH. they don't strip this out. so stop. I'm over today. ah, some young people - got. oh, oh, no. laughs a little bit. your time is coming, please. house tour begins with all these little delinquents showing up for Saturday morning detention. and we get a little sneak peek at their parents. hey, Kay, why we all does? this girl got a daddy thing bound her will solve all her problems. this boy got detention for the first time ever, but his mama ain't like he murders puppies. this Joc got some kid daddy saying, it's okay to break the rules as long as you don't get caught. good advice there, pops. I'm sure we'll remember that when he gets off with steroids in the wrestling locker room there. right about now, these two people showing up whose parents ain't paying them. no damn mind. I'm looking like the lucky ones. hello children. I'm principal dill weed. welcome to detention, or as I like to call it a way to teach young people early in life that there are hundreds of ways to legally disregard your rights as human beings. I'm salty AF today. I will get my jollies by making you all red bull essays about who you think you are. but I probably won't even read them, because I don't know from shinola about your life. also, I'll be all up y'all does this whole day in between the times when I [ __ ] around with the janitor. so don't mess with the NAG, or you gonna get the hoops. so as soon as dillweed leaves, this criminal bender starts dissing everybody. my man, but it's too funny you ever heard? so even though it's hotter than something, you just sit there laughing. y'all talk. it's kind of like visiting this channel. Binda is my spirit animal, and somehow everything this greasy schmuck says makes sense. but if you young fall watch this movie, you'd be but her AAF, and I would know. ki love to witness it anyway. Ben does sneaky. don't want to be watched on Saturday, so he accepts to know the library. so these two start arguing. bender tells dill weed to eat his shorts, gets himself eight mo detentions until he tries to be hip. and flash to some gang sign as if to say, don't mess with the bull. are you gonna get the horns now? that's my death. sound like a sexual advancement? just some children's rights activists on this Bronco and fed up with disabuse, two children spend the rest of their morning plotting a coup. I mean, sleepin. anyway, they all stop talking about how stepparent saw and learning each other's names. and this girl says her name is Claire. and benda says she got a rotund person's name. I can't repeat it here, but he is savage. this movie is so high key insulting and politically incorrect, and it hurts me that I don't care. then this channel walks in and bended sm-2, and the janitor says, oh, you think I'm just some broke-ass taking all this from the school? well, I see everything, children. I'm onto you, like white on rice, stink on politicians on social media die just telling that you didn't approve me. then they all need a little lunch, and claire has sushi. you know, back when people thought it was a sign of class, of wealth to eat food from other people's cultures, not like the dish I ordered, the California roll at the drive-through of McDonald's. the rest my unpacks the whole damn grocery store. this Widow makes a cereal sandwich. and Ben depicts on this board Bryant by having a family life that looks like an episode of Leave It to Beaver if that episode and in someone get into knockout. oh, then bender tells them all how abused he is, and everybody feels sorry for him. so they decided they're gonna need something stronger than sushi to get through this day. back when something stronger than as soon as she made you a rebel instead of, you know, everybody. and to make sure they don't get caught, John makes a ruckus to distract dill weed. so here's kinda, but not really, friends can get back to the library. the impressible dick gets all up in benders face until we put John in solitaire, threatens him, call him a gutless turd out. these sneaks back to the library. why? he tells a dirty joke and falls through the muck his ceiling, and they all hide him from deal. we've all been to actually say assault, say that, Betty. then he woke up that before, the toilet seat cover on his I guess he just finished relieving himself over now, gutless turd. I guess they like each other. now, smoke is something stronger than sushi with folks you don't like and do that to you what? that's why I've heard so after they all lock and load on some do [ __ ] took up on them fat boys. after day it clapped. all right, sling has always been stupid, but just, y'all make up now is just WTF. I mean, oMG. well, you know, after they take one last dance with Mary Jane, Andrew rips off the iconic Lusine, then Alison reveals she's a klepto, bender decisis idea. Claire proposes monogamy. and Ben and look at her like, WTF. then Alison dumps her powerful God and everybody to see. and Andrew says she's doing it for attention. I guess y'all young ones know all about that. did she say each whoa. wait a minute. why? dad? she looks just like Africa. stranger things. well, what don't want strange things. and I'm not pissed at Billy Bennett and Hoppus in a Russian cell waiting for our piss-poor government to rescue him, even though they probably gonna fail. and his only hope of us now, that joint is, what the hell was on thirteen-year-olds whoa. okay, let me try this again. and then Andrew tell Alison, she dumps off her stand open for attention, and how she lives in 2019, she be loving ourselves in social media, but Twitter BIOS say something like, perfectly imperfect, but that's how Andrew license win. and while that's going on, deal weeding the Jenna to talk about how some day those lose it's in the library are gonna run the world. well, let me tell you, dillweed, it happened, but nothing could have prepared us for date children. and then they sit for a while and talk about their feelings. then Alison reveals she is, in addition to a klepto, crazy bag lady and Instagram influencer, she is also a nymphomaniac. and Spencer day, he's showing off a new booty implants to her psychiatrist, who also follows her on Instagram. then she gets Claire to admit she's a virgin, before revealing she is, in addition to a klepto, crazy bag lady, Instagram influenza and nymphomaniac. also a virgin and a compulsive liar. she look like that kind of girl, too. rough folk along her wrists and say she cuts. and Andrew tells the story of how he ended up in detention for stripper stuff his butt cheeks together. did brian says he hates himself because he failed a class for stupid people. then Alison reveals she is, in addition to a klepto, crazy bag lady, Instagram influence on nymphomaniac, virgin and compulsive liar. also Quadra dextrous, meaning she can't eat, drink, apply her excessive eyeliner, brush her teeth and take her booty selfies with our hands and toes, but sushi. a compulsive liar. I'm not sure that true. also, I just made up Quadra dextrous. then clamp what's on her lip gloss with her titties. and they realized they are all going to become deaf parents, and how all this could be avoided, and they could change the world, if only they would decide to stand up to their cliques and friends with each other on Monday. but you know, as well as I can do, that didn't happen, because the world is every bit as now as it was in 1985, didn't they screaming each other. and Claire cries, and Brian cries. he tells them all he felt so bad about failing the stupid people class that he was gonna try to off himself, but he was too stupid to know the difference between a real Sun and a flare gun. and Andrew laughed like, well, damn, my man. seems like you'd be deserving mm, stupid people class. then Alistair reveals she is, in addition to a klepto, crazy bag lady, Instagram influence, a nymphomaniac, virgin, compulsive liar and quadra dextrous, also so damn bored she comes to the attention just for fun disease. and they all dance to celebrate the new friendship. Wow, this is a real, a real, a bad and been decreased back to his storage closet. and Claire gets Alison ready for her Instagram debut. then they make the nerdy, can't write the essay. Andrew love himself some. Alison and Ben to love himself some. Claire and Brad, well, he just loved himself some homework. so they get picked up by the parents. of them up and dillweed reads what Brian wrote about all them. and they say, dear dill weed, you wanted us to write about who we are, but it really don't matter because you don't give two gutless turns in your toilet about our lives. but thanks for giving us eight hours to bond so we could become best, good friends. so on Monday we can pretend none of this ever happened. so the new odd couples make out in front of their parental rides. clay giving you a kiss on a diamond, but you know you're broke. gonna hock it for some seeds. and John walks home and fist pump like his life doesn't stop. for the first time ever. would you poke today? wouldn't know what that's like, because your lives are always gonna sup know. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular dose of reality. I like to call math you can expect me to upload videos every Friday, even though I missed a few. sorry about that. I had some technical problems and mama was sick, and all kind of was hitting the fan good. let's turns were flying every which way. so if you would like to help me avoid technical problems in the future, so you can giggle at my depths more often, leave your laugh and self on over to my patreon and give a man a dollar. I won't spend on seeing you don't won't tip 7. California rolls in the mcdonald trap. to do your full movies, explain for i'm jim. don't want to be something. california rolls in McDonald's drive-through a dad. no, you forget about me. hey, that hurt me. 