[Music]. in 1869 in Brantford, New Hampshire, two brothers Berea chest and hope that no one ever finds it. a century later, in 1969, 12 year-old Allen parish escapes a group of bullies led by Billy Jessup, and retreats to his father Sam's shoe factory. he meets his friend Karl Bentley, who reveals a new shoe prototype he made by himself. Allen miss places the shoe in damages a machine, but Carl takes responsibility and gets fired. after being beaten up by Jessup's group, who also steal his bicycle, allen follows the sound of drum beats to a construction site. he finds a chest containing a board game called Jumanji and brings it home. at home, after an argument with Sam about attending cliffside, a boarding school for boys, Allen plans to run away. his best friend, Sarah Whittle, arrives to return his bicycle. Allen shows her Jumanji and invites her to play. with each roll of the dice, the game piece moves by itself. Anna cryptic message describing the roles outcome appears in the crystal ball at the center of the board. Sarah reads the first message on the board and hears an eerie sound. Allen then unintentionally rolls the dice after being startled by the chiming clock. a message tells him to wait in a jungle until someone rolls a 5 or 8. Allen is sucked into the game, and a swarm of bats chases Sarah out of the mansion. 26 years later, in 1995, after their parents died in an accident on a ski trip, siblings, Judy and Peter Shepard move into the vacant Parrish mansion with their aunt Nora. soon after, Judy and Peter find Jumanji in the attic and begin playing it. their roles release a swarm of big mosquitoes and a troop of monkeys. the game rules state that everything will be restored when the game ends, so they continue playing. Peters next role releases a lion and an adult Allen. as Allen makes his way out, he encounters Carl, who is now working as a police officer. with Carl not knowing who Allen is. Allen, Judy and Peter go to the now clothes shoe factory, where a derelict tells Allen that after his disappearance, Sam abandoned his business and searched for Allen until his death just four years earlier in 1991. Allen is devastated by the revelation, especially since he learns that his father loved him more than he ever realized. realizing they need Sarah to finish the game, the three locate her, now suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder from Allen's disappearance, and they persuade her to join them. Sarah's role releases fast-growing carnivorous plants. allons next roll releases a big-game hunter named a van Pelt. Judy's next role releases a stampede of various animals and a pelican steals the game. Peter retrieves it, but alan is arrested by carl. during that time, Peter cheats and starts transforming into a monkey. later, the van Pelt catches up to Alan's friends and steals the game. Sarah, Judy and Peter follow van pelt to a department store where they fight him, retrieve the game and reunite with Alan, who managed to hijack Carl's car after convincing Carl to release him. and Carl, recognizing Alan. when the four returned to the mansion, it is now completely overrun by jungle wildlife. they release and dodge numerous calamities until Van Pelt arrives and confronts Alan. when Alan drops the dice, he wins the game, which causes everything that happened as a result of the game to be reversed. due to the fact that Alan and Sarah began the game in 1969. time reverses to the moment they started playing as children, leaving both with memories of everything that had occurred. Alan reconciles with his father and admits that he was responsible for the shoe that damaged the factories machine. Carl is rehired, and Sam tells his son that he does not have to attend boarding school after he realizes that Alan would be much happier at home and with Sarah. Alan and Sarah throw Jumanji into a river and then share a kiss as the beginner romantic relationship. in an alternate 1995, Alan and Sarah are married and are expecting their first child. Alan runs the factory after Sam is retired, but he and his wife are still alive. while Carl is still working at the factory, he and Sarah reunite with Judy and Peter and meet their parents during a Christmas party. the parish's offered him a job and convinced the Shepherd's to cancel their upcoming ski trip, thereby preventing their deaths from the previous timeline. on a beach, two girls are seen speaking French and walking towards a partially buried Jumanji as drumbeats begin playing. [Music], 