[Music]. when lit wax family fun center, an arcade, closes at night, the various videogame characters leave their normal in-game roles and socialized in a power strip. wreck-it. Ralph, the antagonist of the game, fix-it, Felix jr. is ostracized by its other characters for just doing his job, while the titular hero, Felix, is praised and rewarded medals for protecting the inhabitants from Ralph's tired of being mistreated, Ralph announces at the game's 30th anniversary party that he will earn his neighbor's respect by winning a medal. Ralph learns he can obtain a medal from the first person shooter heroes duty after disrupting a game session. Ralph scales the game central beacon and obtains a medal, only to hatch a side bug, one of the game's monsters, which can adapt to other environments and incorporate the artifacts that it devours from those places into its body. Ralph and the sigh bugs stumble into an escape pod, which is launched out of the game and crashed land in sugar rush, a candy-themed kart racing game. with Ralph's missing, his game is labeled as malfunctioning and faces being unplugged. Felix, upon learning from Qbert that Ralph has left his game, ventures to hero's duty and allies with the game's heroine, sergeant Calhoun, to retrieve Ralph and the side lug. a little girl named vanellope von schweetz, steals Ralph's medal to buy her way into the Knightly race to determine which character players can choose as their avatar. King candy, the ruler of sugar rush, forbids her from racing because she has glitches that causes her to teleport erratically. Ralph and vanellope agree to work together to retrieve his medal and help her win a race. they build a cart and hide out a diet cola Mountain, an unfinished racetrack, where Ralph teaches her to drive. King candy hacks the game's code to obtain Ralph's medal and offers it to Ralph in exchange for preventing vanellope from racing. he claims that a finality wind and becomes playable for glitches will be brought to the attention of players and sugar rush will be unplugged. because of vanilla peas glitch, she cannot leave her game, and she will be left to die, while King candy and the subjects become homeless in the arcade. Ralph reluctantly agrees and destroys vanilla peas cart. heartbroken, she declares he really is a bad guy and runs off, distraught. upon returning to his game, which has been evacuated in anticipation of it being unplugged. the next morning, he notices vanilla peas image on the side of the sugar rush cabinet and realizes she was meant to be a playable character. meanwhile, Felix and Calhoun search sugar rush for felix falls in love with calhoune, but she abandoned him when he inadvertently reminds her of her late fiance. felix is later imprisoned in King Candy's castle, but Ralph frees him and Penelope, and Felix fixes the cart. calhoun discovers a swarm of sigh bug eggs underground, which hatch and start devouring the game. penelope participates in the race, but is attacked by king candy. Penelope's glitch reveals he is actually turbo, a notorious auto racer who attempted to take over roadblasters, a more popular racing game, sabotaging them and resulting in both being unplugged. whose name is used as an idiom to describe characters who try to join another game. he took over sugar rush, displacing vanellope as the main character. Ralph, Felix and Calhoun evacuate the game, but vanellope is trapped due to her glitches. when Calhoun points out that the SCI bugs can be attracted and destroyed by a beacon of light, as in hero's duty, Ralph decides to make diet cola mountain erupted, replicating the beacon during his attempts. Ralph is confronted by turbo, now fused with the side bug that devoured him. Ralph makes the mountain erupt and falls into his steps to sacrifice himself, but Fenella P sees him. using her glitch, the volcanic beacon destroys the Sai bugs and turbo Penelope crosses the finish line, rebooting sugar rush and restoring her status and memory as princess vanellope, the main character of the game, but keeps her glitching ability. Ralph and Felix returned home, and their game is spared. Felix and Calhoun marry penelope. gains popularity as a playable character and a Content Ralph gains respect from his fellow characters. [Music] 