listened. whenever I don't like a movie, but it comes from a director that I really highly respect, I always give them the benefit of the doubt and go watch it again in case I miss something, something that changes my mind. maybe it's something that I wasn't focusing on, that I didn't see the first time. I aim to see what they were going for, since they've made masterpieces in the past. now, I'm not saying this is a coastal movie or anything, but look, after watching it twice, I can say that it's not for me. I know plenty of people who love it, and I'm praying for them, but I get that it's all about the experience. you know, Luka wasn't so much focused on these crazy overarching themes, but he was skirting on the idea of it being more of a reactionary tow. and I can respect that. sometimes you like getting on the raging bull. other times you regret getting on the giant drop. let me explain. so in case you caught Suspiria but missed hereditary earlier this year, I'm just gonna remind you that that movie is incredible. you should definitely catch it. and it's not even because it has a more straightforward narrative. you know, I loved the experience of watching movies like mother estoppel, enemy stalker, so maybe I just liked those rides a bit more. but Suspiria is six acts and epilogue and an after credit scene, too long for me. so the mythology of the original trilogy, we see that there's these three witch sisters, and they're deathly hallows. each one takes residence in a particular part of the world, and they kind of hold this competition towards each other to see who can spread death and destruction the most. now, I don't know how much of the original lore Luca carries with him. he already did recast the main actors from the first to play a sort of force ghost. but he's also kind of taking the annihilation route of basing it more on emotions and not the actual mythos of the original story. it was an adaptation, which was a memory of the book. so instead of going back and rereading it and underlining passages, I did an adaptation from my experience of having read it, without going back to the book. and I thought that that was a way to be faithful to the thing that I experienced most strongly one, which was, it's dreamlike nature. so when Lucas, we see a school of witches who run a dance academy as a front to find new hosts for their mother, Marcos. they pretty much do this dance ritual that perhaps a young woman's body so that Marcos can take it over, hocus pocus style. but the big choice is that Marcos has been pretending to be Mother Suspiria, when in reality, she's just as Jabba the Hutt looking thing that no one's watching ellamy in this universe, so they ain't listening. chlo\xc3\xab grace moretz character escapes, and this too just dismisses everything she has to say. Mia goth escapes with the damn weapon, and he's like, oh, look, hooky. so when Susie comes in as a fresh-faced they automatically want to make her do this away dance so that they can commence the ritual. but boy are they surprised when they realize she's the real Suspiria. I don't think she was Mother Superior the entire time, because then all of Susie's flashbacks and nightmares would make absolutely no sense. so I see it as mother Suspiria using her in order to get things straight. I don't know what what point she came in to be able to take over the Academy, but at some point she took over her body more than mr. gray did. so in the plenty of scene of the movie, she straight kills everyone, all of these Friday witches. is able to put down these two so they can rest and sets order back in the way she wanted it. what I think is interesting is how this movie is so long, yet at one point they were actually going to make this Suspiria part one, before they infinity awarded that title. so considering that this movie does have an after credit scene, he may be wanting to make a sequel. the original did have three parts, so he could expand the story with the other witches. Lucas already on the franchise train with this other one, as probably why Tilda Swinton played three parts, so that she could get a chance to come back. obviously the character of Marcos is dead, so she can't be that one. maybe she could be Blanc, or maybe she's Lutz. Abers Dorf brought these people legit. made up an IMDB for an actor. that's a character of another actor pretending to be one. and while I think that's hilarious, I don't get why she ordered a prosthetic penis for this role. I love Tilda Swinton. her and Cate Blanchett are chameleons, and I still have trouble figuring out who's the better actor of this generation. but till they look like the Six Flags guy. in this movie, she had those bad grandpa moves going on girls. sounded like Channing Tatum in 22 dangerous people. what happens to her? it's what she have made us believe it's happening to her. there is no wires, no nothing, not nothing. I am absolutely calling bull on this one, Luca. if there was no CGI in that scene, and that lady did all that, I am putting out an Amber Alert for this actress, because I'm pretty sure she's dead. now, like I said, this movie is supposed to be an experience, and I would give radiohead score a 5 out of 5 for that. I would give these two scenes a 5 out of 5 for that. but there's still like two hours left in this movie, and it's just not for me. sure. I know people are quick to call you an end he intellectual if you don't like arthouse films. but if the director says the main focus is a feeling, then, you know, it would be pretentious to say that. you'd be foolish. it would be as dumb as cutting out bits of a video in order to build a for Clow and literally repeating the exact bits you cut out. it'd be super cringe, you to tell others that there's only one way to watch a movie. but I still loved a little period abase right? they're always super interesting. there's a theme of motherhood, especially when it comes to Blanc, who at one point resisted the person who she was supposed to be serving because of her affection towards susi. we all know our mothers have favorites. if you don't know how it is, then I hate to break it to you, I don't know how. I see the coming-of-age side of it, which a lot of people have seen, considering that the twists at the end kind of contradicts that. there's even the men metaphor, and where they kind of look at power. and you definitely see that with the era and the news articles and reports that are out there. but there's a specific points on where a lot of people look at the man having to be a witness for the ritual, paralleling, how many women's allegations get dismissed unless there is a man there to verify it? and I think that's a great point. I can definitely see that as being a powerful statement in the movie that I would 100% agree with, except they don't really fit in the movie cuz the people running that ceremony were actually liars. that's part of the reason why Suzie add or erase is mine. but when it comes to the big push that Luka has been talking about about wanting to use this movie to empower women, I personally don't think of a Kovan of bloodthirsty witches when I think of the powerful women I know. but I get the parallels that witch mythology has always had with those teams. it's just how many of y'all know about this lawsuit, the one that left Luka going, call me by my lawyer? you know, when I first read up on this, I thought it was ridiculous that someone was trying to claim certain shots like, imagine if the person who created the over-the-shoulder shot got away with copywriting, then we'd all be screwed. but the more I looked into it, this claim made a bigger splash. and I thought, not only were there a bunch of shots presented in the first trailer that were literally direct ripoffs from certain artists, but even for those who pretend that they have to squint because they don't see it, brought my man named dropped these artists as inspiration. and I guess when he didn't get the sign-off to use their stuff, he just said, I'm gonna take it anyway. obviously, they settled out accord and REE edited out of the movie bit like it's kind of crazy, for those of you wanting to call other people anti intellectuals for not enjoying this feminist indie movie, at least I know how to respect intellectual properties. but if the movie hits the emotions that people are looking for, then that's all that matters. who cares if it doesn't work for me? I know that I can recommend enemy to a lot of people subliminally, but I know it's not gonna have the same effect for everyone the same way it does for me. so for Luca, if he wanted to recreate the same emotions of dread. and that's exactly what he got. and a lot of people love that. but if we want to talk about a strong, female, empowering movie with a bunch of violence, y'all should go watch widows. thank you guys checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, maybe I'm just a cartoon maybe I don't understand these things. maybe I listen to interviews and I'm able to get everything the the director wanted, but maybe because I didn't look too much into it and made up stuff, then it's not there. like I said, maybe this works for you. I know that a lot of people watch the let me explain videos like I like Bohemian Rhapsody. when I made that video, that's like how I start. and it's the middle of the video, and people still got very triggered. so I can definitely see that being here. but I'm curious to know whether a word for you, was it the emotion of it that you liked the ride? what was your favorite scene? are you actually gonna look over it again? I have a poster, I'm trying to get rid of this poster. that the press sent me. it was like the the studio had sent me. this thing is creepy as can be. so I don't know, maybe I'll see one of y'all in Chicago or River East, give it to you. I'll just leave it there cuz. but I've been hearing noises ever since I got it. here's to know your thoughts down below in the comments section, theories, anything dealing with this movie down below. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe or 