welcome to the man of recaps. it's the Walking Dead, Season three. after the barn was overrun last season, the gang is on the run. they're going to houses, just scavenging, eating cat food and stuff. Laurie's pregnant with Rick's baby, of course, probably Shane's, though. anyway, Rick finds a prison nearby. he's like, huh? that's got like, fences and walls. it's a good place to live, probably. so they go in, they kill a bunch of zombies. they're like, hey, C Block doesn't have too many dead bodies. we'll bunk down here. they're clearing out the inside of the prison, which still has a lot of zombies in it, but someone gets bit. oh, it's Hershel. now, to stop him from turning hoodoo zombie, they have to cut off his leg real quick. but then there's a bunch of surviving prisoners in here. Hershel is fine, first of all. he's gonna be okay. he just has to walk on crutches from now. and they talk to these other prisoners. it's like, yo, man, why you busting into our prison? it's like, oh, there's a zombie apocalypse and stuff. oh, sorry, you didn't know. so it looks like, okay, we'll help you clear out your own cellblock to live in so we don't have to live together. but these two people have no idea how to kill zombies. they don't even know that you have to use headshots. so they have a zombie killing lesson, and then they're doing it for real, clearing out a cellblock. but then this guy's all like, yo, I'm gonna take out Rick. in the confusion, Rick's like, no, hey, man. you dead. and then this guy runs away too, cuz he was in on it. but Rick like locks him out there with the zombies. he's like, alright, other prisoners, you in it's like, Nomad. we just want to live in peace here. so they get to go live in d-block. Andrea got separated from the group last season, but she was saved by this person with a katana and - zombies chained who or what? yes, her name is Michonne, and she's a pretty cool chick. Andrea's been sick or whatever, so she's been taking care of her. one day they find this crashed helicopter that these guys are investigating. little zombie friends act as camouflage. they're being too noisy, though, so she has to take him out. but they're found anyway by marvel her mates. that Dale's brother who's handcuffed to the roof. in season one, had to cut his own hand off to escape, but now he's got this awesome knife hand, so that's pretty cool. he takes him back to Woodbury, this awesome town that's still alive because they put up some nice, big walls. it's run by the governor. he's this tall, charismatic dude. he's like, cooked some breakfast. they're real friendly. Andrews like, hey, this is an awesome place. Michonne was like, I don't trust you though, white boy. and she might be right not to trust him, because he talked to the helicopter pilot. he's like, oh, you got some National Guard friends over there? so he goes, he's like, hey, what's up? we're here to save you from your bonds of mortality. hi. shoot. yeah, it's an ambush. she takes him off because he's a badass dude. and he's like, yeah, sorry. citizens, like the National Guard was dead, but we got their guns and stuff now. so that's cool. governors also got this nerdy friend who is having an experiment on zombies. because he's got a daughter, who unfortunately is a zombie. but he's still like, hanging right there. he also has this cool man cave where he likes to watch dead zombie heads because, you know, there's no TV anymore. so these other prisoners are like, hey, there's only two of us now. can you just join the group? and Rick's like, a TV or a black guy like you we have another one and I was like, now, that'd be cool. but just then some zombies get in and like to hug, gets bit, that's too bad for him. and have to kill some zombies. the sirens going off, which is attracting a lot more. and it's like, man, we got to go down and turn off the siren. so I go down, they turn off, their ambushed by this other prisoner who got away before. but this guy ends up with the gun. he's like, yo, who do I choose? boom. I'm taking out this guy. he's like, what's up, brick? I want to join. you can call me new tdawg. meanwhile, Laurie and Carl escape this way. but it's like, oh, oh, baby's coming right now. so she's trying to have a baby. but like, she's like, ah, man. you're gonna have to c-section me. Maggie's like, I really don't know how to do this. I guess I just like, cut the baby out. and so that's pretty painful, but it works. unfortunately though, Laurie does die. so Carl has to shoot his mom in the head to make sure if she doesn't come back as a zombie, a little scarring. so they're like, hey, Rick, Congrats on your baby. sorry about your wife, though. so he's like, all super sad. and he grabs an axe and goes and starts killing zombies to deal with his pain. and he like, hallucinates talking on the phone to Laurie for an entire episode. it's a whole waste of time. back at Woodbury, Michele is planning her escape. she's like, come on, Andrea, let's get out of here. but Andrea is like, hey, we don't have to escape. we can just leave anytime we want. so there's like, hey, let us out. and murrow's like, yeah, you guys aren't prisoners, really, I believe so she's like, I see. it's an awesome place here. let's just stay. but Michonne doesn't trust it, so she is out in there. the governor is like, hey, sorry, your friend left, but the best way to forget about her is to enter a sexual relationship with me. so they start banging. he does send the hunting party after Michelle, no, but she ambushes them first, and she takes him out. and Murrell, like chases her away back to the prison. the gang needs some baby food, so they go on a run to get some, and they find Merle who's nearby. Glenn's like, oh, hey, man. looks like, oh hey. and it's like, no offense, but I don't trust you at all. it's like, yeah, you shouldn't. I'm gonna take Maggie a new hostage, taking you back to Woodbury. i'ma show who's hiding nearby. so she Sachi, well-hung who died in prison, and is like, hey, Rick, they got your peeps over there. they want to know where the group's camp is. so Merle goes our bad cop on Glenn, while the governor goes good cop on Maggie. but she's still not talking. so he's like, fine, I'm gonna rape you right now. and she's like, yeah, do it. see if I care. so he's like, fine, I'm gonna do it. and he's like, now, that's too intense for network TV. instead, I'm just gonna put a gun big Glenn's head. and so she's like, oh, yeah. we're at the prison. luckily, the group arrives for a rescue mission. they got a smoke grenade bust in there, do a nice extraction on Glenn and Maggie. they have to shoot their way out of town. and Michonne finds the governor zombie daughter. and the governor's like, please, don't hurt my daughter. she's like, yo, man, it's a zombie. I'm gonna kill it. and he's like, now. so they have a big fight, and she ends up stabbing him in the eye. and then she's a Casa de by Andrea. and it's like, oh man. she has to make a choice between her best friend her new lover. so she she lets Michonne go. the governor gets to wear a cool eyepatch now. and he's captured Daryl. so he's like, yo, Merle, to prove your loyalty to me, you've got to kill your brother. for girls like, no, man. bros for life. they have to fight. but then the game comes in to rescue him, and there's some argument about whether Merle dis adjoined the group. they decide no, cuz he's terrible. and Daryl's like, fine, I'm going off, bro now. sadly, during the rescue mission, new t-dog gets shot. luckily, there's another black guy nearby. they make it into the prison. it's like, hey, what's up? my name is Tyrese. it makes like, Tyrese, do you might recall ut dog? but then he starts hallucinating his dead wife again. so he's like, those crazy kicks. I'm all out. they're like, okay, we'll go somewhere else. they make their way to Woodbury. in fact, this other prisoner finally gets in line, so we care when he gets shot by the governor. he drove over to the prison. he shoots up the whole place. he crashes this truck in there that's full of zombies. so the gang has to fight these zombies now. but luckily, Darryl comes in with his brother Merle, who earns his keep in a Rik cycle camera. you can stay. but governor's recruiting an army for all-out war. and Andrea is like, hey, why are you fighting the prison? they're my friends. but he's like, now they attacked us first so and he's like, Rick, why'd you attack Woodbury? and he's like, no, man, the governor is the bad guy. she's like, oh, I'm sleeping with the bad guy. whoops. so Rick goes on a field trip to his old police station to get more guns, but of course, they're all gone by now. they do find this heavily fortified part of town with like these zombie traps and a guy in the roof who's shooting at them. so they get in a little fight, and Carl's got a shoot a guy. he lives because he had a bulletproof jacket on. and it is Morgan, Rick's black friend from season one, who saved him back in the day. he's got all the guns and stuff in his apartment, but it looks like he went sort of crazy when his son died. so it's like, hey man, sorry, I never reached you on the walkie, but like, we got a cool group now. you should join it. he's like, honestly, I'm crazy now. just leave me here. so they do. back home, Rick tries to negotiate with the governor. he's like, hey, let's divide the land this way. but governor's like, nah, no. negotiating. all i want--is was shown. he's like, now we're not gonna give up Michonne. morels like, yeah, I'll give up Michelle and I'll save the group. but then he's like, now I feel bad. I'll cut her free. and he's got a new plan. he's gonna get wasted and like drive this car back to Woodbury so he can lead all the zombies there. so while they're fighting the zombies, he can flank him and start taking out wood berries defenses. he's starting stand up the governor, but this guy gets in the way, so the governor finds him, is like, yo, Mauro, I'll shoot you. so when Daryl arrived to find his brother, he's turned into a zombie. I'm even though morels a huge dick, it's super sad. Daryl has to stab him in the head. the governor tells Andrew he's worked out a piece. but the nerdy Frank confesses the governor's gonna kill him no matter what. so she goes down to the prison thought the governor catches up with her and finds her. he takes her prisoner and he's like, he'll nerdy friend. I to prove your loyalty to me. I need you to kill Andrea. but he tries to fight the governor instead, but of course, he's a loser, so he gets stabbed in the governor's like, fine, I'll let you turn into a zombie. you can kill her that way. now it's time for all-out war. the governor busts in there, guns blazing, but there's no one around because they're lying in ambush, yes. so they have this big firefight. they like shoot around, and then finally the governor's guys have to run away. it's like, yeah, we won the day. the governor's like, hey, why are we alright, let's get back there. and they're like, honestly, we're not an army, which is civilians. like, we're done with this. so he starts shooting his own civilians off. and even his loyal like, lieutenants, are like, oh man, this guy's cold. so they drive off to who knows where. the group was chasing him down. they find the mask, and the survivor tells him what happened. so they go to Woodbury, where new new T Dobbs on guard duty. and this chicks like, he'll the governor is the bad guy here. and Rick's like, yeah, sorry. I was crazy before. I'm okay now. and Tyrese is like, okay, I guess I'll join the group. Andrea almost uses some toe pliers to escape, but she's too late. so when the group finds her, she's bit and it's like, hey, I guess you have to shoot yourself in the head. and she's like, man, I made it three seasons. that's not bad. on the show, they busts all the remaining Woodberry people back to the prison because it's a nice place. so they've got a bunch of new friends coming in to live. and that's how season 3 comes to an end. [Music]. 