hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm going to show you a fantasy film, the flee a story of the tale of tales. in a remote Kingdom where the princess is playing music with an instrument, entertaining her father, King and the courtiers. but at that moment, the king becomes fascinated by a flea, which seems to be adaptive to the human beings and knows well how to police the king. after the music showed, done, seemingly without any interest in the music, the king hurries to his place with a flea, feeding the flea with blood from his finger. he then keeps the flea in a gift box as a pet that he seemingly never want to let go away from his sight. while the princess is under the age longing for love, she's touched by the love stories. the King finds the flea grows astonishingly fast under his care. he then prepares the toy coach for the flea, who carries the coach around and intrigues the King greatly. some day following, at a dining time, the princess tells the king she wants to get married and lives an interesting life outside the castle. while the King shows no interest in her topic. he would rather end this topic as soon as possible and goes back to take good care of his flee he feeds the fleet with a half cooked steak covered with blood. with so much care, the flea grows up to be as super gigantic as it can. however, someday later, the King calls in the royal doctor in a hurry to the doctors misunderstandings. he has just brought here not to care for the king, but rather care for a dying flea. the doctor feels astonished at sight of such a giant monster. he has to follow orders from his king to give some medical care on the fleet, even though he gets no experience in caring animals. despite of the doctors efforts, the flea dies away, which sorrows the king deeply. some days later, the King offers to find a husband for the princess and promises the princess can leave the castle with her husband. but the king further mentions that her husband should only be picked out by some kind of test, which worries the princess a little bit, because she might hit some guy she really doesn't love. soon comes the test day, when guys are required to guess what beast the skin was taken from. several guys failed to test. there comes a young, handsome man who catches the princes heart at her first sight. without any luck, the young man also fails the test. although the princess I begged the King to make her ideal man pass the test, the king rather fails the man just for keeping the game on. during the frustration of the princess, an ugly giant shows up for the test to everyone's surprise. he's then allowed to join the test and name a fair play for the game. but it ends up the ugly giant correctly identifies the skin by smell, whose result horrifies the king and the princess. the princess cries to run away and want to end her life from top of the castle. the King hurries to stop her, telling her that he thought nobody would make the right guess and that he cannot go back on his word as a king. although the princess blames her father for his selfishness, she chooses to follow the King's order and leaves the castle under fear and desperation, with the chosen husband going through the wild woods and abrupt cliffs. they finally reached the living cave where there's full of human skeletons. the princess feels frightened up and want to stay alone beside the cliff. but she's then raped and kept prisoner by the ugly giant. later someday, the princess is attention by some human voice coming in from outside. she climbs up to the top and cries for help from a woman, begging the woman to take her out. when the ugly giant is out for hunting, the alone woman promises to save her later with help of her family. the next day morning, while the ugly giant is cleaning the animal skin, the princess sneaks out and sees the woman's family coming for help. the woman's son want to carry the princess to the other side of the mountain by use of a tight rope. right at that moment, the ugly giant seems to be where something he rushes out and want to catch the princess back. but fortunately, the son cuts off the rope right before they get caught, which makes the ugly giant drop down to the bottom. the princess is saved. finally to the circus family, where they get few time to enjoy the joy before they're attacked by the ugly giant, who survived through the fall down. the ugly giant goes on rampage and kills the whole family for revenge. only the princess could seek the mere chance to escape out of the massacre, but she soon followed up by the angry ugly giant. she's then chased a dead-end corner. the ugly giant want to choke her to death, but he hesitates as his anger dies down. he's then mollified by softness and weakness of the princess. after peace down, the ugly giant tries to carry the princess back to the cave, who takes mere chance and slits his throat to death. with the ugly Giants head in her hand. the princess manages to find her way back to the castle, where she shows up before the crowd with her face and blood and eyes numb and dead. the aging King falls down to his knees, crying it and begging for forgiveness from his daughter. the next day, the princess is crowned as the king at a grant coronation ceremony, where a tightrope show is also invited for her celebration, which is used instead as her memory of the sacrifice Circus family who saved her out from the ugly giant. this is Daniel CC. movie review. bye. 