[Music]. following the Battle of New York, Adrian Toomes and his salvage company are contracted to clean up the city, but their operation is taken over by the department of damage control, a partnership between Tony Stark and the US. government. enraged at being driven out of business, tooms persuades his employees to keep the Chitauri technology they have already scavenged and use it to create and sell advanced weapons. eight years later, Peter Parker has drafted into the Avengers by stark to help with an internal dispute, but resumes his studies at the Midtown School of Science and Technology. when stark tells him he is not yet ready to become a full Avenger, Parker quits his school's academic decathlon team to spend more time focusing on his crime-fighting activities as spider-man. one night, after preventing criminals from robbing an ATM with their advanced weapons from Toombs, Parker returns to his Queens apartment where his best friend Ned discovers his secret identity. on another night, Parker comes across tombs as associate Jackson Bryce and Herman Schultz, selling weapons to local criminal, Aaron Davis. Parker saves Davis before being caught by tombs and dropped in a lake, nearly drowning after becoming tangled in a parachute built into his suit. he is rescued by Stark, who was monitoring the spider-man suit he gave Parker and warns him against further involvement with the criminals. tooms accidentally kills Bryce with one of their weapons, and Schultz becomes the new shocker. Parker and Ned study a weapon left behind by Bryce, removing its Power Core. when a tracking device on Schultz leads to Marilyn, Parker rejoins the Decathlon team and accompanies them to Washington, DC. for their national tournament. Ned and Parker disable the trackers Stark implanted in the spider-man suit and unlock its advanced features. Parker tries to stop tombs from stealing weapons from a DoD C truck, but is trapped inside the truck, causing him to miss the decathlon Tournament. when he discovers that the Power Core is an unstable Chitauri grenade, Parker races to the Washington Monument where the core explodes and traps Ned and their friends in an elevator. evading local authorities, Parker saves his friends, including his fellow classmate and crush, Liz. returning to New York City, Parker persuades Davis to reveal tombs his whereabouts. aboard the Staten Island Ferry, Parker captures tombs his new buyer, Mac Gargan. but tooms escapes, and a malfunctioning weapon tears the fairy in half. Stark helps Parker save the passengers before admonishing him for his recklessness and confiscating his suit. Parker returns to his high-school life and eventually asks Liz to go to the homecoming dance with him. on the night of the dance, parker learns that Liz's Toombs daughter, deducing Parker's secret identity. blooms threatens retaliation if he interferes with his plans. during the dance, parker realizes Toombs is planning to hijack a DoD seaplane transporting weapons from Avengers tower to the team's new headquarters. he dons his old homemade spider-man suit and races to tombs lair. he is first ambushed by Schultz, but defeats him with the help of Ned at the lair, tooms destroys the building support beams and leaves Parker to die. Parker escapes the rubble and intercepts the plane, steering it to crash on the beach near Coney Island. he and Toombs continue fighting, ending with Parker saving tubes his life after some unstable material explodes and leaving him for the police along with the planes cargo. after her father's arrest, Liz moves away, and Parker declines an invitation from Stark to join The Avengers full-time. Stark returns Parker suits him, which he puts on at his apartment just as his Aunt May walks in. in a mid-credits scene, an incarcerated Gargan approaches tombs in prison. Gargan has heard that tombs know spider-man's real identity, but tomb denies this. [Music], 