Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to recap a 2021 Korean Survival Drama series, called Squid Game. This series tells the story of poor people who play childhood games to win prize money, with their lives at stake. In the games, some rules are set to treat the players fairly. The entire series will be divided into three parts that you can find in this channel. So, what are the games? What is the purpose behind the game\xe2\x80\x99s creation? Let\xe2\x80\x99s find it out. At the start of the series, we are introduced to our main protagonist, Seong. He is a jobless widower who lives in his Mother\xe2\x80\x99s house. His Wife has married a wealthier man, and has taken custody of their only Daughter. He tries to make a fortune out of his Mother\xe2\x80\x99s money that he stole, in a horse race gambling. Luckily, he wins the gamble and makes quite a fortune out of it. However, after exiting the building, he is chased by debt collectors. While running away, he bumps into a girl. After an effortful attempt, he is still cornered by the collectors. He tries to pay a portion of his debt with the fortune he just made. But when he checks his pocket, the money\xe2\x80\x99s gone. Turns out, the girl that he bumped into is a Thief. The collectors force Seong to sign a contract to pay his debts with his organs next month, if he still doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have the money. He is frustrated that on his Daughter\xe2\x80\x99s birthday, he cannot treat her to delicious food and a memorable gift. He sees himself as a failure both in fathering and in being a part of the society. When in despair, a mysterious man visits him and asks him to play a game. If Seong wins, he will be rewarded 100 thousand Korean won. If he loses, the man will slap him in the face. After a lot of rounds and a lot of slaps, Seong finally can bring a lot of money home. Before separating, the man gives Seong a mysterious contact card and invites him to join more similar games where he can win a much bigger prize. Seong calls the phone number and is invited into the game. He is picked up by a masked driver, at the agreed time and place. During the transport, the participants are drugged to keep the game\xe2\x80\x99s secrecy. When Seong wakes up, he finds himself laying on a bed with other 455 participants in the room, and all of his belongings gone. The game is coordinated by the Front Man who manages his many masked men subordinates. In the game, Seong meets with other participants. Few of them are Cho, Seong\xe2\x80\x99s childhood friend, an ailing Old Man, an illegal citizen named Ali, the Thief who stole Seong\xe2\x80\x99s money, a Mafia boss, and a talkative Woman. Realizing that the Thief is among the participants, Seong is enraged and tries to confront her. But his attempt is thwarted by the Mafia who have another problem with the Thief. Suddenly, the masked men come in to start the first game. One of them explains that there will be 6 games and 3 general rules. The rules are participants cannot quit during mid-game, participants who try to quit mid-game will be eliminated, and the game will be stopped with the consent of the majority of players. After agreeing to the terms, the players are led to another room to start the first game. The first game is called Red Light Green Light. In this game, the players have to reach the finish line within a specific duration. They can move however they like when the robot says Green Light, but have to stop when the robot says Red Light. If they are found out moving during the Red Light, they will be eliminated. Even though the rules are simple, they are surprised to know that elimination means to be shot to death. A lot of rifles come out of the wall to shoot the players who move during Red Light. The Old Man is the first to realize the rules and continues the game during the shock. With the Old Man\xe2\x80\x99s lead, the other players follow. Cho reminds Seong of the time limit and advises him to hide behind someone\xe2\x80\x99s back. Many of the players have reached the finish line within the time limit. Seong tries to catch up but slips and almost fails. Fortunately, he is saved by Ali and can finish the game together. The rest of the players who have run out of time are also eliminated. 201 players survive the first game and beg to leave due to their fright. Before voting to leave the game, the masked men show them the prize pool. 100 million won will be added per 1 elimination. If they decide to quit the game, the surviving players will receive no reward. With the current prize pool of 25.5 billion won in mind, the players cast their vote and agree to quit the game with 1 point difference. After the vote, the players are sent back to their residence. In the morning, Seong reports the homicidal game to the police. However, the police don\xe2\x80\x99t trust him due to lack of evidence. After a while, a Policeman comes to report another case and sees Seong\xe2\x80\x99s contact card. The Policeman realizes that the contact card is the same as his brother\xe2\x80\x99s who has been missing. Dedicated to looking for his brother, the Policeman tracks Seong down. Meanwhile, when Seong comes home, he cannot find his Mother. Turns out, his Mother is in the hospital due to her diabetes. Doctor recommends she stay and be monitored. His Mother rejects the offer and tries to leave the hospital since they have no money to pay for the treatment. Desperate with the condition, Seong decides to join the game once more. The other players are also reminded by their debtful hellish life and agree to play again. This time, the players know about the procedures and are more prepared for the next challenges. The Policeman secretly follows Seong to the game arena to find his brother. He disguises himself as masked man number 29. Out of the 201 surviving players, 187 came back to win the prize. In the night, Thief tries to peek at the second game with the help of Woman. She finds out that the masked men are cooking sugar. In the morning, they are led to the second game\xe2\x80\x99s arena. Cho asks Thief about what she has found last night, but they are still clueless about the next game. After entering the arena, they are faced with 4 doors with their respective shapes. Seong, Cho, Ali, and Old Man form a team and agree to take each of the four shapes. With Thief\xe2\x80\x99s information and the four shapes in front of him, Cho is reminded of his childhood game where he had to cut out the shapes out of a candy plate. He takes the easiest shape which is the triangle without telling his teammates. Meanwhile, Ali gets the circle, Old Man gets the star, and Seong gets the hardest shape, the umbrella. Clueless about the game, Thief follows Cho to take the triangle shape. Then, the game begins. The players start to scrape their candy using needles within the time limit. If the shape is broken during the attempt, they will be shot by the masked men. Woman heats her needle by using a contraband lighter to liquify the sugar easily. After completing the game, Woman gives her lighter to the Mafia in hope of making a pact with him. Some of the players have succeeded due to their easier shapes. At the last few minutes, Seong gets the idea to lick the back of the candy to cut out his umbrella shape. Inspired by the action, other players follow him and make it through the game. When the time\xe2\x80\x99s up, some of the players don\xe2\x80\x99t succeed in cutting their shape and are killed by the masked men. At the end of the game, One of the losing players holds a masked man hostage and asks him to remove his mask. However, the Front Man kills both of them because of the game\xe2\x80\x99s agreement. It is agreed that players mustn't know the masked men's identity to keep the game\xe2\x80\x99s secrecy. Subscribe to watch the second part of this series. Turn on your notifications, and leave a like and comment to help the channel out. Thank you for watching, and see you, in the second part. 