a boy named light is shown in the beginning of the film. at that time, light is at his school. suddenly, the seasonal changes occur. winds begin to blow, and a notebook falls on the earth from the sky. light finds that notebook, and he scrutinizes it, and he keeps it in his possession. here it is exposed. this was not an ordinary notebook, but a mysterious, ancient notebook. then it starts raining there. light observes, going inside, that a mischievous student of school is teasing another boy of school. and light forbids him to do as such. while that boy punches light in return, light falls on the ground along with his bad teacher. discovers the home assignments of other students from lights back here, the secret of light is revealed, that he helps out the other students in their home assignments. light is sent to the principal for this cause. light is kept in a room isolated as a punishment. sitting in isolation, he recalls the ancient notebook. then he begins to read that book. it was not a normal notebook, but it was stuffed with the statements of rules. there were also rules and regulations to keep this notebook. this notebook belongs to the centuries ago. light senses awkward getting this notebook. the mysterious happening begins to occur when he is examining this notebook. light observes a weird things there. it was not a human being, but another creature. it was giving a heinous and devilish look, having the pointed body surface. light is scared too much witnessing him. but he understands everything later, that he is not any creature, but a death spirit. and this death spirit is the owner of this notebook. death sprit tells light about the reality of this notebook as what it can do. there are some specific notes in this book, which have been called death notes. and the keeper of this book is the owner of this notebook. it means light was the owner of this notebook at that time. the important fact of this notebook is that written name of any person on its death note, will soon die. the owner of notebook can kill anyone according to his liking. as light can write any way of killing in the notebook. after selection, then the victim would die according to the written statement. that owner will have to follow some of the rules for doing so, like does not trust in it right now. death spirit, with book, is visible before that person, who is the owner of the notebook. at that time, death spirit tells light, you have to write at least a name in the notebook. within seven days, this notebook will be owned to another person. if he does not write the name of anyone, disobeying the rule, the condition to write the name of anyone in notebook is that owner must have in the mind the face and real name of that person. and only way of death will be written, which exist in reality. deaths prince says to the light, you must apply this notebook. and light looks at that mischievous boy through the room window, who is also teasing someone at that time, and he had also hit light. being agreed with death spirit, light writes down the name of that boy. in the notebook. he writes the way of death for that boy, as his head will be crushed. then the site of outside is shown, which is immediately changes who cars are collided with each other. while one car had the iron ladder in it, with which that boy's head is crushed. in reality, everyone with light is left shocked witnessing it. seeing light had started to believe that the told facts by death spirit are based on truth. so the light is very frightened. death spirit tells lie that you can do many things with the help of this book. i will give this ownership of this notebook to another one if you don't want to have this notebook. afterwards, light returns to his house. light's father is seen in the house, who was detective. then it is shown that a criminal had killed light's mother a few years ago, but that criminal was wandering freely because of having no evidence. so there was not good association between father and son. due to this, light is angered with his father saying, you are not avenging my mother. light used to be upset because of this reality. then light hits upon an idea that he may write the name of that criminal in that death note. and he does the same. he writes down the name of criminal in the death note. then the same criminal is shown while was celebrating a party with his buddies. all of a sudden, he is dead in front of everyone. the father and son are satisfied hearing the death news of that criminal. here, light avenges his mother, and the relationship between both father and son also restored. then light thinks, how did this notebooks magic use for the good purpose. light was pondering it sitting at the school. then the girls named mia comes to him. mia is the bosom friend of light. so he reveals his secret to her, that i have found a mysterious book. any person is dead whom name is written in it. but mia does not trust it. light shows me a demonstration to prove it, where killer arrives on the scene. light writes down about the killer in death note as he will be dead when a car crashes with him. it happens the same because light knew the real name and face of that killer in his mind. mia is left surprised witnessing it. they plan, we are the owner of a great power, so we will eradicate the evilest persons from this world. evilest people include as criminals, murders and such threatening people. for doing so, the face and the real name could easily be explored through internet. so they put the evil people's name in the list, and the evil people also begin to meet their fate gradually. here it is also revealed that notebooks owner can hold sway over the dying person. light had chosen a name for himself, which was kira. as light used to write the name kara whenever someone died. so the evilest people may leave doing the wrong deed after being terrorized by this name, that kira has arrived to end all criminals and evilest people. at first sight, this news is gone viral throughout the world, that a serial killer, kira has come who is continuing to kill everyone. and some people were favoring kira. in this way, the evilest people will be rooted out from the world. there was no evidence against light, so it was not easy to detect him. then an intelligence investigator is hired to tackle this case. that investigator's name was jay, who was very sharp. he used to mask his face, and his real name was also unknown by anyone. light and mia were very satisfied in their life. they had killed more than 400 people. jay informs in a meeting that kira, reveal yourself before everyone. being an intelligent j investigates the roots of this case. j also takes the companionship of light's father, because he was detective, so they may reach kira as soon as possible. light and mia are upset because they had not thought that it will be conspired to arrest them, because they were still contented. but jay's arrival had increased their anxiety. light asks his father what will be the punishment of kira if he is caught? lights father tells half of the population will demand that kira should be sentenced to death, while half of the population will force to investigate the way, how he did it, knowing it. lights anxiety is more increased. he also reveals it to mia, and he suggests to her that we should stop it now, because there were many people, including light, under the suspicion of jay, because he could approach the data of his father. so jay assigns a duty of an agent to detect light, so he may keep an eye on the activities of light. knowing it like keeps himself calm down. mia feels bad realizing the lack of interest in notebook by light, because mia was feeling pleasure of doing so. jay had become the hindrance on the way of light and mia. but they cannot kill him in spite of their will, because neither they had seen his face, nor they got knowledge of his real name. it was also the rule of the notebook. light and mia are talking over it, that name of all agents should be written down in this notebook. you are detecting carousel, other agents may be terrorized by kira, and they have to close this case reluctantly. it was the suggestion of mia, while light was not willing to do any such thing because he was not willing to take the life of innocent people. so mia has to agree with light. contrarily, jay also comes to know that kira has victimized those people who have been shown on tv. and kira cannot victimize those whose face and name are unreal before him. to avoid the suspicion, light decides that he will not kill people for some days. suddenly, an incident occurs, as all agents commit suicide, jumping off the bill where the agents of this case and searching for kira. these names had not been written by light. who had written their names here? a situation is worsened. because cara was killing the evilest people till now. people were tagging him hero, but he had killed police. now, so he turned into a threat who can take the life of anyone. light is troubled because of this incident. he asks death spirit, have you committed it? then death spirit tells, these names have been written by anyone else, because i cannot do it. lights father challenges kira in his seminar that stop killing the innocent people. kill me. if you have courage, come before everyone. this news watched by mia. and like mia says to him, in aggression, write down the name of your father in that notebook. he says to mia, how can i kill my father? are you gone? mad? jay was more wisely tackling this case. he inspects either kira kill light's father or not. but it does not happen. light's father remains alive. so jay's suspicion on light is turned into belief, because he is also a detective tackling this case. but he did not become the victim of kira sokira is not anyone else but light. so jack in front slide at night, he attempts to explore from him that you are kyra. jay also interrogates light, revealing his face, he says, stop doing it now. like leaves overlooking him. now the sword of damocles hangs over his head. he could not kill jay. in spite of his wish. mia says, i had a great affection for you. we should do something to avoid this trouble. light, thanks a lot. to keep jay out of his way, he says, i have seen the face of jay. and jay's real name will surely been owned by his friend. light writes down the name of jay's friend in that notebook, and he gets the control of him. now, the notebooks, one more rule is revealed here, that person will be secured, getting no harm if the other burns the person's name page. but death spread exposes light. it will be done only for once. now, jay's friend was under the control of light, but he was also unaware about the real name of jay. light orders him know about the real name of j at any rate, jay's friend tells jus to visit an academy. it is possible that his documents may have his real name. so light immediately asks him to visit academy. jay's friend carries out the order and moves to academy. lighthead planned that, knowing the real name of j he will burn that page where jay's friend name has been written, and he will be secured, and everything will come on its routine. but jay's suspected that his friend is missing. he also understands that whole story, that light had also taken hold of him to know my real name. jay is distressed on it, and he comes to lights house without informing he tells lights, father, your son is real kira. it is he who has disappeared, my friend. but light was not in the state of being suspected, because there was no evidence against mj's finds nothing in their house while discovering it, nor that ancient notebook, because mia had taken it away with her. then light receives the call of jay's friend, who says, i have reached academy. and he had left a little time. jay's friend is nearly to reveal the name. then like checks, there is not the page of name, but has disappeared when he is going to burn it. so jay's friend is dead. before telling the names, light is dejected on it. then mia reveals their secret in a dance party, that i have torn the name page of jay's friend moreover. i had also written the name of agents in that notebook. she tells, i have also written your name in that notebook. now, in the way of lights death is this. his heartbeat will stop working at midnight, leaving him dead. she says, i will burn the page of your name if you hand over this notebook to me. it means mia flirts with him in order to gain that notebook. knowing about the death of his friend, jay struggles hard to arrest light. at last, jay catches light, but jay's says to cook, standing there he is, kira. help me to capture him. but cook knocks jay out because he was the defender of kira. light also takes mia with him while running. then they come to the swing and caught upward. meantime, police also reach their light says to mia, you will not touch this notebook if you love me. we will mutually bring things on their correct form. being greedy, mia disagrees with him. she grabs notebook from light. light says, tamiya, seeing it, you have wronged it at all. hearing it, mia understands light will have written my name in this notebook. their names were on the pages of notebook. so both immediately fall down. mia is dead at the spot, but light falls into the water. then light is shown in the hospital who had gone into coma. meanwhile, more criminals are also dead. people notice that jay had a suspicion on light, who has gone into coma. and people are still dying. then i observed that a page is separated from that notebook when mia and light were falling down from the swing. and it is burnt. and that paige had a written name light. light had acted wisely as when he knew that mia had written his name in the notebook, then he wrote in the book, mia will be dead if she brings back that notebook from him, and the page which has written name of light will be burnt. and when light fall into the water, he had also written the names of the evilest persons in the book. a corrupt doctor makes light deeply unconscious, bringing him out of the water. later, the same doctor commits suicide. then another man takes that notebook. he write many evil people in that notebook. afterwards, that man brings notebook to light, who had come out of the coma. after this, jay is terminated, but he discovers mia's house for the last time. and he gets the name of dead police officers. so all allegations are put on mia. light had also recovered completely and also gained that notebook. but he had learned a lesson that he will not trust anyone from now on. and the movie also 