[Music], welcome to slash forward. we're gonna keep things happy for now and meet a new posse of clowns with the cult classic killer clowns from outer space. let's get to it. we open on a local small town diner, which appears to be the spot for these local pumpkins. this is where we meet officer Mooney, on the lookout for anyone trying to have too much fun, like this degenerate. so he heads out to the park, always a reliable location to find kids sipping on champagne, ballin out of control not too far away. we settle in on our main couple, Mike and Debbie, who like to go to the local outdoor orgy site to do their stargazing. we learn why when an astral phenomenon of some type buzzes them, appearing to touch down in the woods. enthusiastic about adding to their space rock collection, they head off for a hiking excursion. we see that the object landed just outside farmer Greene's property, and he goes to inspect the crater. he finds a secret woodland circus instead site tracking him from his exploration. while looking for the ticket booth, he loses his Pooh Bear, revealing his quick temper and resulting in immediate vows of retribution. however, he is quickly settled when he grabs a live wire and arcs a fusion reactor through his body. Bobo, the service rep, shows up to address his concerns and offers a novel solution. meanwhile, Mike and Debbie arrive and find the tent. Debbie's intuitions to leave are correct, but don't overcome Mike's peer pressure, and they go exploring instead. mike is jazzed, prompting him to put on his own show and talk like a jagoff. I know you know. they find the interior to be both silly as hell and seriously dangerous an equal measure. they arrive in a room full of giants cotton candy ball sacks. Debbie suggests that they're in the shooting star they saw earlier, but Mike insists that this is just how cotton candy is made. see, they're discovered and chased down by the clown aliens that live here. barely making their escape, Mike back sover a couple of them for good measure before driving off. and the clowns then began their march into town. mmm. slowly they arrive at the station where officer Dave takes them so serious about the cones cocoons, cones cocoons. unfortunately, they're emphatic explanation is with the earshot of Mooney, who openly mocks them. as they go to investigate in town, we see the clowns have come for blood, and are very proficient at reeling in their prey, putting on an engaging puppet show for this affable young pedophile before can defying him with similar activities taking place all around town. back in the squad car, we learn Deb trusts Steve because of their prior relationship, and Dave confirms he still burns a candle for her, right and Mike's face. thinking it too dangerous, Dave convinces Debbie to cool out at her house while the boys go to attend to this clown business in the woods. however, when they arrived, the tent is gone, turning Dave into a mini Mooney as he promptly arrests Mike under suspicion of being a merry prankster. back in town, the clown's continued to collect or kill residents. this little one takes the ladder out. sore that his bike is damaged, he briefly disappears and then returns to punch a bikers head off. meanwhile, at a burger joint, we get her first near-miss when this little girl is summoned outside by a dirty clown and he is denied his prize. back at the spot, the teen orgy has cleared out, only leaving behind the stink and a sticky pink webbing. no bodies, but this is enough evidence for Dave to release Mike. back at the station, we see Mooney is being inundated with calls about clowns, driving him to drink and then settle in for a long night of ignoring his duties. meanwhile, the clown's are taking over the town, snatching or killing everyone and watching the world burn. Mike and Dave roll through and observe the clown's act with impunity. mike is a very active instinct for violence, but Dave wants to see how this thing plays out, to the detriment of the citizens. Dave calls it in, but finds Muniz still behaving like a petulant, so he leaves for the station, while mike tries to catch up with his friends, the Terenzi brothers to enlist their help at the station. Mooney is finally confronted with reality when a large clown walks in, although it's still unreal to him, as this clown doesn't respond to his threats and beatings like everyone else. when Dave arrives, he finds the cage full of a variety of corpses. he then finds Mooney the clown's hand. so far, this a sic\xc3\xa1n working like a puppet. Dave begins experimenting, trying to find a weak spot, and the nose seems to do the trick. he then calls him back up from the State Police, making sure to warn them at the noses. Dave is circling back to Debbie when we see the clown operation is ramping up. and they're delayed too long, as debbie is surrounded and taken off in a balloon, rather than cotton candy, so she can be alive later for plot purposes. as they pursue the clown's, they have a run-in with Dave, who hops in and then suggests that the clown's must be hiding at the amusement park. we see he's correct as they arrive and make a big show of getting out of their car and burned 12% of the movies runtime getting set up. what are you gonna do with those pies boys for an epic pie throw. the boys arrived and are quickly split up. Mike eventually recognizes their surroundings and immediately leads them to the bumper nuts inventory warehouse. while searching for the balloon, they learned the clown's intent, watching one find a ripe, fleshy fruit and sucking out the sweet nectar with the craziest of straws, they find Debbie's balloon, and mike is determined to save her, or kill her in the process. then they're forced into a running gun scenario until they find themselves out of ammo and surround it in some sort of Big Top room. but the Terenzi brothers show up somehow and reveal that the space vessel is made out of cinder blocks. the clouds eventually defer all aggressive action to the clown juggernaut, which destroys the ice cream truck with the Terenzi brothers inside. dave draws it off, while Mike and Debbie run a gas at the prospect of becoming clown poop, he pops the nose, destroying the ship, save for one clown car, Dave and the trend Z's emerge having somehow survived, while the rest of the town residents burn alive in the wreckage. and then they laugh about their new, complicated, three-way relationship. and that was killer clowns from outer space, a story originally intended as a cautionary tale of what would happen if we let Bozo the Clown become too powerful and influential, but modified through studio interference. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 