they can tell us for crazy and we can say, well, you haven't seen anything yet, because there are things you has just received a worldwide release on Netflix, and those who've been patiently waiting for the show are in for a real treat. there's a lot to unpack from its ending, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the show and it's season one finale, as well as what could happen in season two. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so if you don't want to know anything about the show's 10th episode, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to. season one, of you, centers around yo, a stalker who will do anything to get close to a girl named back. throughout the show, Joe pretty much does everything in his power to get close to her, even going so far as the mirror though she is close to in order to thin out her circle and make her an easy picking. Becca learns of his plans in the end, but it doesn't do much for her overall, and eventually he kills her. two things look pretty clear for the character, with Joe working a fake alibi that Bette created him in order to pass the blame for her death. but things don't end there. and his surprise twist ending, we see Joe looking upon another female in his bookstore, similar to the way that he stood back in the pilot episode. it's revealed that this woman is, in fact Candice, whom both Beth and Joe believed was dead. she clearly has a lot to hash out with her ex and it's an amazing cliffhanger to end the season on. this is completely different to the book in which the work is based upon, which does not feature the character. in a recent interview with TV Line, showrunner Sarah Gamble stated that in the first season, they decided to bring Candice back to switch up the dynamics. she said, we knew things were going to start flashing back to Candice, as the author does in the book. we started by talking about how people would presume that he has killed her, and be increasingly convinced that he had done so the more they know about Joe throughout the season. so we just wanted to do something more surprising, and realized that she was such a substantial and interesting character. of course, this leaves a lot of open-ended aspects with the show, such as dr. Nikki, who was framed. per Bex in regards to a second season at gamble stated that part of the fun of continuing the story is that the loose ends from Joe's pass are still dangling and could come back to him at any time. he is very worried about the fact that peach Salinger's family has hired people to investigate her alleged suicide, and there is evidence, potentially sell at her house from season 1. if you look at every act of violence that he doesn't season one, that is potentially something that could come back and bite him. and dr. nikki is in prison, and he is ardently protesting his innocence. it's too soon to say definitely whether John Stamos will return in season two, but we have been talking a lot about the character, and we're excited to keep telling that story. well, I love about the show itself is that it perfectly depicts Joe as a person who is able to rationalize things from his point of view. the fact that we are treated Hayes narration means that we are able to see things from his POV. and some could even say in the beginning that he is likable. to me, this highlights the dangers of social media and perception. the fact that people such as Joe are able to gain such insights into our lives and even appear charming, almost perfect for us due to the information that we give so freely out is very worrying. whilst the execution in the show is sometimes poor, and the ending may have put many off, I actually really appreciated the fact that they took a risk and didn't give us the Hollywood ending that many thought would play out. season 1 showcases that there is good and evil within all of us, and the choices that we make have everlasting repercussions. Joe could have easily been a good person due to his intelligence and ability to be kind. however, like many serial killers, due to trauma in his past, he has decided to go a darker route. it's fascinating to me, and I can't wait to see what happens in season 2. so what were your thoughts on you were you surprised by the ending, and what would you like to see in season 2? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the trailer for us, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 