[Music] black marivan snatch offers an experience like no other, with multiple branching paths, scenes and endings that offer an episode that can last up to five hours. whilst we pretty much covered all of the endings and scenes within the show, what about the ones that didn't make it? well, throughout this video, I'll be breaking down all of the scenes and endings that got left on the cutting room floor. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about any of the endings that I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. the first major delete ending comes when you get the option to either bury or cut up Stefan's father's body. viewers may have thought that the scene couldn't have gotten any more twisted. however, in a recent interview with Radio Times, Charlie Brooker stated that there's a version of that where he's whistling happily to himself, where it's like the second or third time you've done it, he's like, whistling happily. and we didn't get a chance to put that in. apparently this was triggered when he had played through the scene a couple of times, with the third time of being Stephane submitting to it very joyfully, having done it multiple times already. creator Annabelle Jones stated that at that point, he's embraced the fact that he's being told what to do, and it gives him that detachment. the two also said that this one even further down the line, with the option to urinate on Stefan's father's grave coming up should they pursue the scene multiple times. another scene that Bricker was sad had to be cut, in relation to the body scene, was revealed in his interview with huffington post. upon cutting up the body, Colin or Tucker arrived and discovered you in the middle of the act. Brooke has said, we changed the order of something, and if he chopped at the body, sometimes Colin or Tucker would come and discover you covered in blood. and then he had the choice to confront them then and there on the doorstep. apparently there was also an option that came midway in the show that allowed viewers to watch the fan watching something. Rooker claims there's a bit West a fan gets a VHS tape and watches a documentary. and I wanted early on to do a bit where you get the choice of two videotapes, and one is essential for the story, and the other is just like film that is taped off the telly, and you can watch the whole thing. literally. just put it on and you could watch a whole film from beginning to end. but at any time you could press a button to stop it. overall, I think that these would have made for some pretty amazing moments. but I can definitely see why they were cut by Netflix and the creators, obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the missing scenes. and if you have any better ones, be sure to leave them in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, make sure you like it and check out my breakdown of what happens when you pick up the family photograph twice, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 