In North Bend Psychiatric Hospital, Tammy is getting scared of a shadow approaching her room. Just then, she is lifted and killed during the night. What is happening? Who is the murderer? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us today to the movie titled: The Ward. Be aware: There are spoilers! A young girl in lingerie named Kristen hides herself from the police. She runs to an abandoned house and sets fire. Two police officers arrest her regardless of her discontent. She is immediately taken to the psychiatric hospital. There are bruises and cuts on her face and body. The nurses help her to clean up and dress. They tell her supposed to go to jail, not this hospital. Kristen follows an orderly called Roy, who welcomes her to heaven. He warns her to follow the rules or she'll be in more trouble. Next, the chief nurse named Lundt takes Kristen to her room, which was previously Tammy\xe2\x80\x99s. n At night, while Kristen is sleeping, her blanket is pulled by an unseen force under the bed. She wakes up and looks for it, only to find a broken alphabet charm bracelet. The following morning, Dr Stringer enters the room and finds Kristen sleeping on the floor. She tells him that someone took her blanket during the night. Stringer asks the nurse Lundt but she says the door stays closed all the time. Lundt then tells Kristen to intake some morning pills but she refuses to, saying she\xe2\x80\x99s not crazy. Kristen then trambles the pills, making the nurse angry. At noon, Kristen meets with other patients in the ward: an artistic Iris, a pretty Sarah, a naughty Emily, and a child-like Zoey. Roy calls Kristen and takes her to see Dr Stringer again. He asks if Kristen can remember anything before the fire yesterday. Kristen is confused and says she can\xe2\x80\x99t recall any memory other than the fire. Kristen insists that she is not crazy. She then secretly steals a knife on the table. Before bedtime, Roy watches Kristen until she swallows all the pills. Just then, she spits them all out in the pillow and draws the stolen knife, attempting to escape from the ward. However, Roy spots and throws her back to the room. During the night, Kristen hears some footsteps and sees a mysterious shadow passing her room. The next day, Roy brings her casual clothes and lets her get used to the life in the ward. Kristen soon befriends other girls. While outdoors, Kristen notices a couple looking at her and the friends. Emily tells her that they usually come here and the girls name them \xe2\x80\x9csad people\xe2\x80\x9d. Emily sings a song, implying that someone mysterious came into her room. However, Iris assures Kristen that there is nothing wrong here as Emily describes. At night, the girls turn on some music and have some fun together. Kristen becomes more open to her friends. Suddenly, a loud thunder strikes and causes a blackout. Zoey rushes to hug Kristen, saying that she hates the dark as it brings bad things. As the nurse on duty leaves the office, Kristen sneaks in and checks on the files. Emily and Sarah also join her but they find nothing. Later, all the girls enjoy the hot shower. When others are finished, Kristen is left alone in the bathroom. Suddenly, a burnt figure appears and chokes Kristen. She shouts out loud and becomes paranoid. Lundt storms in to check on her and decides to sedate her down with an injection. Just then, Kristen finds herself in a stretcher. She is taken to an operating room. Dr Stringer puts a towel in her mouth, saying that they won\xe2\x80\x99t hurt her. Kristen is then electroshocked and turns to a blackout. The orderlies bring her back to the room after that. The following day, Dr Stringer calls the girls and decides to talk to each one at a time about the shower time yesterday. Other girls mention Tammy, who was told to be the only one who can escape out of the ward. When Kristen asks about Tammy, Dr Stringer just ignores and tells others not to talk about it. Finishing the session therapy, Iris happily comes in and tells others that today could be her last therapy session. She\xe2\x80\x99ll be released soon thanks to her great progress. Iris follows a nurse to see Dr Stringer for the last mental evaluation. In the doctor room, Dr Stringer uses a metronome to unlock Iris' hidden memories. When the orderly enters to bring Iris out, they find her missing. Elsewhere in the hospital, Iris is secretly taken away by the unseen figure on a wheelchair. She is then killed tragically. Several days later, Kristen keeps asking the girls and staff about Iris but they say she has returned home. Kristen sees Iris\xe2\x80\x99s sketchbook left in her room and believes that people are lying. Kristen looks over some of Iris\xe2\x80\x99s portraits and sees a little girl named Alice. On the top page, there is a scary figure named Alice Hudson, which looks exactly like the ghostly figure that attacked her in the bathroom the other day. Thinking about the broken bracelet, Kristen puts the letters together, which spells out the name "ALICE". Later, she confronts Stringer about Alice. She thinks Alice Hudson is the ghost that haunts all of them. Kristen thinks the girl Tammy, little Alice and Iris were taken away. However, Dr Stringer denies the idea about ghosts and tells Kristen to stop over thinking. Roy is called to bring Kristen back to the room. Kristen then confronts the girl about Alice Hudson. Emily reveals that Alice Hudson used to have treatment here but she got out years ago. Kristen announces to the friends that she\xe2\x80\x99ll get out of this crazy ward at all cost. She then asks Zoey to lend her the penny, which Zoey always holds in her mouth. At night, Emily and Kristen prepare for the runaway. Nurse Lundt checks carefully if Kristen swallows all the pills. After that, Kristen and Emily escape as planned. Kristen uses the coin to open the vent and the two crawl along to get out. Meanwhile, Lundt learns about their plan. The alarm is raised around the hospital. The two have to hide in an operating room. As they hear footsteps, Kristen and Emily separate. Kristen makes it at the entrance but Alice\xe2\x80\x99s figure suddenly appears. Kristen is knocked out on the floor and Roy turns out to be the one who hit her. The next morning, Kristen meets with Emily again. While the girls have TV time, Sarah mocks Emily and Kristen about their failed escape. Emily turns the volume up to send Sarah away. While checking the makeup on a mirror, Sarah notices Alice\xe2\x80\x99s ghost from behind. She shouts out for help but due to the TV noise, no one can hear her. Sarah is then taken by Alice and gets electro-shocked to death. Meanwhile, Zoey becomes paranoid and continues to talk about the figure. Kristen notices there is a letter \xe2\x80\x9cA.H\xe2\x80\x9d on the teddy bear that Zoey always holds by herself. She then questions Emily and Zoey about Alice again. The two admit that Tammy teamed up with the girl and killed Alice because she was bad and kept hurting all of them in the past. Zoey says Alice is after them for revenge. Emily becomes scared and runs away. Zoey and Kristen chase after her. Emily holds a scalpel and intends to commit suicide. Alice\xe2\x80\x99s ghost appears again and slits the girl in the neck. Kristen tells Zoey that she\xe2\x80\x99ll help them out of the ward. Next, she uses Zoey as a pretend hostage and threatens the nurse to open the door. Lundt follows her but still makes it to raise the alert around the ward. At the elevator, Roy comes in and attacks Kristen from behind. The staff immediately sedate her. Kristen later is locked in a straitjacket. Lundt and Roy force her to swallow the medicine. Just then, she manages to untighten the jacket and spits all the pills. Kristen knocks Lundt and a male orderlie. She takes Zoey with her in the night. The two run away until they reach a service elevator. Kristen lets Zoey in first because it fits one person at a time. Zoey is captured by the ghost just after that. Kristen is then pursued by the ghost. At the end, she decides to fight back. Eventually, she can destroy Alice's ghost with an ax. Running through the office to find Zoey, Kristen ends up in Dr Stringer\xe2\x80\x99s room. She finds a file of Alice Hudson with a detailed treatment. There are all the girls\xe2\x80\x99 names in it including Kristen. Dr Stringer enters and tells Kristen the truth: her real name is Alice Hudson. She was kidnapped from her home 8 years ago by a pervert. Alice was left chained up for months in the basement of the same house "Kristen" had fired. After the trauma, Alice has suffered from multiple personality disorder. She created herself Zoey, Sarah, Iris and Emily. Through experimental techniques, Dr Stringer claims that the treatments were working until "Kristen" appeared. "Kristen" is yet another invention of Alice\'s mind to protect itself from reliving the trauma at the basement. Dr Stringer now has to use hypnotherapy to reawaken Alice's memories. Suddenly, Alice's ghost reappears and throws herself and "Kristen" out of the window. Just then, Alice returns to her true self. At the end, the couple looking at Kristen earlier are her parents. Dr Stringer informs that Alice\xe2\x80\x99s cured and ready to be home under supervision. When Alice opens the cabinet, \xe2\x80\x9cKristen\xe2\x80\x9d comes out and attacks her. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 