hey guys. explanation pros here. today i'll explain the horror comedy film titled scary movie. incoming spoilers. the film opens in a house. a woman named drew is popping some popcorn when a mysterious man calls her on the phone. the mysterious man tells drew that he wants to know her name, but drew is not giving it. he then tells the woman that he wants to know her inside. then drew tells a page number out of fear. she later tells a mysterious man that she will call the police, but the mysterious man tells her to check her back door because it's not locked. upon rushing to lock the back door, the doorbell rings. drew takes a bat and when she opens the door, she attacks immediately. however, she attacked children trick-or-treating. when she comes back to the house, the mysterious ghostface killer appears. out of every weapon that she can see, she chooses a banana, because, why not? the killer chases her outside the house. she decides to go toward death instead of safety. while she is running, the killer unintentionally strips her down to her undergarments. and she runs in a field full of sprinklers while looking like a model. the killer finally catches her, stabbing her silicone breast drew. then sees her daddy and attempts to get in front of the car, but her daddy is too busy to notice. the killer finally kills her. thank you so much for watching. i'm kidding. afterwards, cindy is in her room. bobby, her boyfriend, climbs up to her room. after this, bobby hides because cindy's father is at the door. after cindy opens it, her father reminds her that he will be gone for a while to meet with uncle escobar. he also reminds her to destroy his stashes if there is a raid. after her father leaves, bobby tells cindy that watching the exorcist reminds him of her. and they then began to kiss, to get intimate. when bobby tries to take off cindy's underwear, she gets shocked by the electric fans around it that says, no true ass passing. the following day, brenda tells her brother, shorty, to go to class. she tells him that lunch is not a class. after brenda calls him dumb. he tells her, your mother, but they are siblings. brenda then meets up with her friend cindy. they then wait for buffy, who immediately tears her dress after her father leaves. they then walk together to school. they see multiple news reporters reporting on drew's death. however, the black reporters quickly leave because drew is white. they then interview shorty, and shorty tells them that he told drew to run. afterwards, brenda and buffy meet up with their boyfriends, ray and greg. cindy asks them if they have seen bobby, but he's not there yet, despite living in the trailer truck right beside the campus. the group then talks at the fountain, with cindy commenting that drew's death is exactly a year after killing someone. a flashback is shown with the gang together on a road trip. while making love, greg tells buffy that he likes it when she massages her butt, but buffy tells him she's not the one doing it. greg then admonishes rey. while driving, greg climbs on top of the car. meanwhile, bobby wants cindy to touch his male member, but when she's about to touch it, greg gets hit by a tree branch, making cindy falls first, face to bobby's lap. cindy cannot stand because greg is stepping on her as he gets hit by multiple tree branches and a beast nest. in the ensuing chaos, they hit a man. cindy wants to call the police, but greg reminds her that young boys don't last long in prison, to which rey agrees that they should call the police while they discuss what they should do with the body. the man stands like it's nothing, telling them that he's okay, but no one can hear him. when he's about to leave, greg throws a bottle of alcohol, hitting the man in the head, knocking him down. after placing the man inside the trunk, they go to appear to throw the man in the water. before they throw him off, they rob him first. after throwing him, greg shouts at them to dig this secret to their grave. after cindy not saying the words, greg chokes her to an agreement. after the flashback, the gang dismisses this, saying that they are not in a horror movie. after this, the reporter from earlier, gail, wants to know more about what happened with drew? she then sees special officer doofy, who is buffy's disabled brother. she then asks doofy, and in hopes of knowing more information, decides to get intimate with him inside the class. cindy sees the killer outside, who runs towards the tree. when she looks away. she then receives a note that says, i know what you did last halloween. but cindy wrongly imagines another time. because of this, she gets another note clarifying that it is about the guy they killed. cindy is then assisted by doofy to the principal's office to be interviewed by the police. after doofy leaves because he pooped on his pants, cindy tells the police that she does not know anything about drew. after playing football, the university club hits the shower. in the next scene, with ray joyfully leading them there, greg gets left behind because he has to train. after training and showering, he sees a picture of his small male member, prompting him to go angry. greg then goes to his friends shouting at rey because he thinks he is the one that planted that picture. he then shows them the picture, making all of them laugh. cindy then tells greg that she also received the note, which is why they should call the police. greg then tells cindy that if she does that, he will beat her up, and he does. in the next scene, buffy participates in a pageant with cindy, bobby and greg watching at the balcony. after cindy and bobby leave, buffy performs, acting as her talent. she then sees the killer behind greg. while greg is getting stabbed, buffy screams at the people before leaving the stage. but the audience thinks she's acting. because of this, she wins. after learning she won, she immediately forgets about greg and accepts the award. afterwards, cindy, bobby and buffy are confused about why greg's body and blood disappeared. the killer is actually behind them, cleaning the mess. in the next scene, cindy's taking a bath, shaving her body. the killer then calls cindy on the phone, making her run to the front door. after locking it, she receives another call, making her scream, but the cameraman gets too close to her face. after answering it, the killer tells her that he will kill her and that she will not find him. however, cindy sees the killer's feet behind a chair. after knowing this, the killer then tells cindy to turn around so he can hide again, cindy runs upstairs to alarm the police by telling them she's white. the police immediately went to her house. bobby then emerges from the window to come to cindy's aid. however, bobby drops a few items from the killer, making cindy run for the door. there she sees doofy holding the killer's mask. afterwards, bobby goes to jail. the police interviewed cindy about some pictures. and the pictures show the police officer posing while wearing nothing but red underwear. he then leaves. meanwhile, the other police officer calls doofy to prank him by making him smell their fingers. doofy retaliates by making them smell his finger, which came from his butt. shortly after, buffy arrives, telling cindy that she will stay at their house. gail interviews cindy outside the police station, but she gets punched instead when she comments on cindy's fat butt. meanwhile, the killer calls shorty who is stoned out of his mind. they then initiate a wazap on each of their phones. that night, in buffy's house, buffy asks cindy if she thinks bobby is the killer. and cindy answer, she does not know. but getting thrown an ice pack in the head by doofy, buffy's mother calls cindy to tell her that someone is on the phone for her. when cindy answers the phone, she hears the killer's voice indicating that it's not bobby. she then leaves the house. the following day, ray tells cindy that bobby got out of jail. shorty then arrives to tell them that he has seen this before in the movie scream. cindy then tells them that there will be a gathering at their house. shortly after, cindy bumps into bobby, but cindy is still afraid of him. after bobby tells her that she should move on with what happened, cindy runs away. in the next scene, the girls have just finished showering. buffy mock cindy's fear of the killer, making the whole room laugh, except for cindy, the teacher, who is a buff woman, tells them some guidelines. because of this, cindy approaches the teacher in her room, telling her she has a terrible secret. the teacher tells her that all of us have secrets, to which she shows her balls. cindy is shocked by this, making her leave as fast as possible. meanwhile, buffy is left alone in the girl's locker room. there she encounters the killer. but instead of being scared, she acts as if she's worried. when the killer stabs her, buffy sarcastically tells the killer that this is where she's supposed to bleed. she then mockingly runs around before breaking her own leg. after the killer chops her head off, buffy still talks, making the killer pound his head. the killer then throws off the annoying head to the lost and found bin. afterwards, a teacher is about to jump. while this is happening, cindy gets angry at the killer, tempts the killer by shouting, what are you waiting for? because this the teacher jumps. in the next scene, gail reports a live killing. frustrated by the camera, the killer chases both gail and the cameraman. gail then delivers a goodbye to the camera, like the blair witch project. meanwhile, inside the cinema, rey and brenda watch a movie. rey goes to the bathroom where he gets killed by a male member passing through a hole. brenda gets killed by the audience because she ruins the movie by talking loudly. the killer doesn't even have to do anything. afterwards, there is a party at cindy's house. a fat girl tries to take some beer from the garage, but the killer appears. the girl then tries to fit through the dog door by cat after getting stuck. the killer proceeded to lift the garage door, but it malfunctioned, causing the garage door to collapse. meanwhile, the partying people do not notice this, with cindy even participating in a chugging session. after bobby arrives, a drunken sydney invites him upstairs, winking at him. after awkwardly sitting next to each other, cindy tells bobby that she's ready. bobby asks if it's a scene from a movie, to which cindy replies that it is real life. however, bobby shows that it is indeed a movie because there are people on the set. they then kiss, literally getting tongue tied. meanwhile, shorty and his friends turn an aquarium into a water pipe. the killer walks in on them, but instead joins a smoking session. the killer has funds with shorty and his friends by prank calling. they then perform a rap with the killer spitting some killer lines, literally because he killed shorty's friends. shorty is nevertheless impressed. after their lovemaking, cindy asks bobby where he's been, thinking that he's the killer. bobby tells her that he did not kill buffy and greg. but cindy is surprised, because she does not know they are dead. just then the killer arrives at the room to kill bobby. the killer then chases the screaming cindy out of the room after getting her gun. a bloody bobby emerges and asks her for her gun. shorty arrives at the scene to tell them there is a killer, and bobby shoots him. bobby reveals that it's just ketchup on his shirt. rey appears too, with voice changer indicating that he is the killer's voice. the two men approached cindy. ray shows cindy's father tied up. they reveal that they will act as the survivors of the killer's revenge. and so rey stabs bobby, although maybe a bit too much. however, rey gets penetrated from behind by the killer. the killer chases cindy, but they fight like a fighting scene in the matrix. after defeating the killer, cindy unties her father. cindy immediately runs outside, only to find that the killer is nowhere to be found, prompting cindy to scream in frustration. cindy tells a police officer that it must be the guy they hit with a car last halloween. shortly after, doofy arrived to deliver some papers. leaving immediately. in a sudden realization, cindy proclaims that the killer must be doofy, because no one would suspect him. they then try to find doofy, but he is nowhere to be found. outside the police station, doofy starts to change his demeanor. he takes off his mustache to reveal that he's actually normal, as he rides in a car with a still alive gale. the movie ends with doofy leaving the evidence at the road, with cindy shouting at the sky and then getting hit by a car. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 