welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your insider on the outsider. and this episode, were breaking down the fifth entry in the season. HBO must have got spooked by Super Bowl Sunday, so they've dropped the episode early. and throughout this video, we're gonna be going through the new entry and what happens in it. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything potentially ruined it, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. we will be talking about certain elements of the book, as per usual, so if you don't want anything spoiled about the future of the show, then it's time to leave the video. if you're still here, I just want to give a huge thank you for sticking around. now let's get into our breakdown of the outsider. episode five opens in the midst of a shootout between a lone gunman and the police, similar to Jack. we can see on the back of his neck that he has a huge rash. we cut to the character three days prior and see him holed up in a home that has child killer written in graffiti on the outside. it turns out that this is Heath Hofstede his household, the apparent child killer, who we saw died in prison in Episode three, we see the character making hits bed. and this act of remorse is purely driven by guilt. it's revealed that he was working with the outsider. was complicit in the killing of the children and helped the frame heat for the crimes after his airtight alibi. the outsider needs an accomplice in order to operate, and we learn that this was his at the previous town. as we know, the outsider is manipulating Jack currently and completely warping his mind by tormenting him. this has sent him off the deep end, and he started slowly descending into madness. if he'd been keeping up-to-date with the recap so far, then you'll know that we've discussed how the outsider is similar to a vampire. and in Jack, he has found his Jonathan Harker. in Bram Stoker's Dracula, Harker ended up falling under a sort of spell from the titular character. and this servitude that he fell into, you saw him eating bugs and almost worshipping Dracula as a deity. here we see Jack following a similar story teen and building a home for the character in the woods. like Harker, he soft turns against his master. but the way that he operates gives us a good idea of how the outside it is to because of this, we now have a pattern of behavior for the antagonist of show. and from the way that the outsider works, we can tell it tends to show up to a town, take blood from a local, through this blood, change its DNA to match their appearance, feed upon a child frame the person are now imitating, and then lie low in the area, feeding upon the grief of the families that are caught up in the tragedy. and then chooses a new target and rinse and repeats the process, like I do with these videos every week. clearly, the creature needs someone in order to help it gain supplies, build a nest and operate at its current location. and Jack has very much taken this position infancy. Jack seems crazy at the beginning of the episode, but pretty well-balanced later on. and yeah, we're just gonna get into why this isn't really Jack. after Jess's dreams, we did guess that when she was describing how the second time at the outsider showed up, he was transforming into the copper due to his apparent better physique. though we did bounce back and forth on this in the last video, as it was revealed that Maitland cut the bouncer at the strip club as well. here we do know that there are two different versions of Jack, due to the length of his sideburns throughout the episode. at the beginning, when he's going crazy, there long, and then when we see him later, they're short. and it's a very nice minor detail to show the difference between the two. that doesn't mean that al cuoco isn't the bouncer or manager, or whatever he works says. and clearly something is going on with him. we are yet to see how this plays out, but perhaps if Jack bolts, he will become the next one that the titular character uses. we also learned that not only can the outside of manifests physically, but it can also take on an ethereal form and attack people spiritually. the real jack is clearly becoming sick of the outsiders demands, and he may decide to fight back, similar to the man from the introduction. aware that Anderson is hot on the trail, while Coco did pass a message on through Jessa to back off the case. but this has fallen on deaf ears, and now we see the outside as stalking missus. Anderson is it? is it just me, or does he look like he's waiting to grab a microphone and say, F oh, right in the [ __ ]. anyway, I digress. Anderson clearly hasn't backed off. and through Holly, he's built up a pattern of how the character travels from town to town, operating. after five weeks of waiting and theorizing, this episode really starts to pull everything together, and I finally feel like I can openly talk about what the plot is and how things may happen going forward. the outside of is it's jeannie. and as in the case with Jessa, it appears at night and passes on a message about how Ralph will die if he doesn't drop the investigation. he threatens to kill her to you. and we get way more into the side of the outsider, that he's a shadow that stalks his victims. this dreamlike trance that Jeannie was in makes her initially question whether it was real or not. but due to the cuts and a feet from standing on broken glass, we know that it was. she later tries to convince Ralph to drop it, but he refuses to. as we know, he only believes in things with rational explanations. and this is sort of a gift and a curse for the character. as the investigation goes on, Jeannie draws a picture of the outsider after seeing his face. and this lines up with the boy from the last episode, who also had a police sketch made. in Holly's world, she's at a bar questioning the bartender about who the boogey man was for her as a child, like the ending of last week's episode, we learned that the outsider has existed for centuries, and our modern myths and legends have evolved from tales of it. the now aptly named tear drinker is theorized at hanging around at cemeteries due to the fact that families will often visit there and grieve. as we know, similar to penny wise, the outsider feeds off a certain emotion. but where penny wise feeds on fear, the outsider feeds on grief. they also operate both psychically in ways that align with one another. in the Stephen King book, it, Pennywise was able to carry out so many child murders undetected, because it used to almost hypnotically convinced the adults in the town of Derry to be nonchalant towards missing children. this is a phenomenal chapter in the work that centers around the investigation of Adrienne melon's death, and how, though witnesses saw the clown at the scene, they know this won't be believed in court, and thus it's dropped from all proceedings. the outsider clearly works like this, - trying to intimidate those who are close to finding out what's going on into leaving the cases well alone. for me, it sort of works like a metaphor for how society and the police work in general. in recent years, we've heard several cases of child abuse carried out by celebrities and people in positions of power that were never really investigated, probably by police, because they were either corrupt or fearful for their lives. in Korea's similar the outsider. because of this, these predators were able to carry on like this for so long. and they've had a couple of people ask why it's only now that the creature has even been close to being caught. this episode lets us know that that probably isn't the case. and like anderson, the villain must have intimidated them into sweeping it under the rug. Hawley visits the cemetery in which the Williams were buried, and we see what could have been its hideout during its time in the area. Hawley comes across the man from the introduction that made Heath spared and also wound up dead. he tells Holly about how the outsider screwed Heath and himself over. she also instructs Anderson to go to the cemetery where teri is buried. and they realized that the barn is within walking distance, and we now know that this is where it resided. a Collins's baby shower, Anderson sees Jack and he goes off on one. this is actually the outsider, and as I mentioned earlier, we can tell that it is due to the length of his sideburns. he refuses to hold the baby, probably because it looks tasty, and he storms out the party. that night, Collins has a dream that someone has come into a home and taken a baby. and it is possible that the outsider also didn't want to hold the child, because he wants to frame jack for its death should that happen. dreams have haunted several characters throughout the season. however, that doesn't mean that they're all bad. anderson too has his own dream, which offers a message of hope. as we know, if evil forces exist in the world, then good must - an. Aniston's visitor comes in the form of his son. he tells his father that he needs to let him go. as we know, al cuoco feeds on grief, and robbing the character of the Andersons grief of their son will definitely starve it. in some ways. in the book, the child was alive and was only away a camp. so I'm glad they changed it up for the show, as it makes a lot more sense here and ties in with the overall themes. it's one of the most touching moments of the season so far, and it reminds us that if there is evil, there is also good. Al cuoco visits Anderson as jack in apologizes about the party and asks to be granted access to the inside of the investig--. so yeah, once more, this isn't Jack being a nice guy. he's probably still in the woods screaming at trees we then cut to the other outside, his accomplice, and see how he ended up dead at the beginning of the episode. it turns out that he had a man held at gunpoint with an unloaded weapon, and he just wanted to be murdered. we don't know all of the ins and outs of his psychology, but due to the bed-making and his comments at the graveyard, he was clearly filled with regret over the entire incident and just didn't want to live anymore. Episode five closes with an essence vision of his son, and we cut two credits, knowing that Ralph won't be providing the creature with any more grief to feed upon. now obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the episode and what you've thought of the season so far. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our full breakdown of the season, which is gonna be linked in the playlist at the end if you want to watch a different breakdown. and please check out our ending explain recap on the new Netflix season the stranger if you'd like to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month. then please click the join button below your access to content early. and can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate you it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition whitey or the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this month you can win dr. sleep. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sub with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February. it's the best of luck to everyone he takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 