hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror film, final destination, part two. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the movie begins with tv news playing in kimberly's room. the news talks about the case of flight 180, where alex's premonition allows other people in the flight to evade death. however, the people who survive flight 180 die one after the other. as a result, the broadcasters argue whether the deaths of the survivors are a coincidence or already planned by death itself. in the end, the other broadcaster firmly holds his view that death has a plan, and it continuously lingers around us. the following day, kimberly is about to leave for a trip together with her friends. then her father asked if she already has the things needed for the trip. suddenly, her friend chyna arrives and jokingly asked kimberly in front of her father, she already brings any hormone setups, like whips and chains. then the two of them ride in the car and drive away. meanwhile, as the car leaves, it leaves a liquid that seems to be blood at the garage, as if the car forgets to wear tampons. as a result, kimberly's father appears to be disturbed. in the next scene, in a stoplight, kimberly, together with china and their stoner friends, are sitting in a car. then a grandma knocks on their car's window and drops soda cans on the ground. after that, they proceed to drive on the highway. on the highway, kimberly sees rowdy's students on a school bus. then she starts the radio, and the radio broadcasts the case of flight 180. kimberly seems to be uninterested and switches the channel. in return, the radio plays the song highway to hell. after that, jock guy in a card named evan looks at them. then a chick in a motorcycle pulls up her shirt and flashes her hormone mountains towards them. it's a sight to see for her stoner friends. behind them is a cop in a car named thomas, who alarms her stoner friends. suddenly, a truck with huge logs passes through them. in a few moments, she sees a kid smashing a toy car with his toy truck. meanwhile, thomas is now behind the truck with huge logs. then his coffee spills, making him look down. meanwhile, the huge log from the truck starts to fall. in an instant as he looks up, the log smashes him. then everyone on the highway appears to crash, one after the other. meanwhile, kimberly's car crashes. then a huge truck comes towards the car. as the huge truck is about to hit her, the scene goes back to kimberly being in the stoplight and everything is fine. in fact, the highway accident happened only in her mind. well, back to reality, a grandma knocks on their car's window and drops soda cans. immediately, kimberly plays the radio. the radio broadcasts the case of flight 180. then kimberly switches the channel and the song highway to hell plays. after that, rowdy students in a school bus pass through them. at that moment, kimberly realizes that her vision is a premonition that a highway accident is about to happen. so she rushes to stop everyone in the stoplight. as a result, the cop, thomas talks to her. she walks out of the car emotionally narrates to thomas her vision about the highway accident. then the death truck with a huge log passes through them. in a few moments, a huge accident happens on the highway. after that, a truck hits their car, killing her friends inside. later that day, everyone in the stoplight that evades the highway accident is in the precinct together. in the precinct, kimberly narrates to thomas that she had a premonition of the accident, similar to the case of alex from flight 180. in response, eugene tells in a grim way, that, like in the case of flight 180s survivors, death will start to haunt them again. after that, he proceeds to scare tim and nora. apparently, it appears eugene does not believe kimberly and is just being sarcastic about it. in the end, everyone leaves the precinct. the following day, evan is in his house, turning on the stove and starts cooking. after that, the women start calling on his phone. apparently, evan just won a lottery, which makes women call him. it seems that evan is the luckiest guy since he just won the lottery. additionally, women start calling him, and he is able to evade the accident. however, as he talks to a woman on the phone, his new ring drops in the sinkhole. in response, he puts his arms into the sinkhole to grab the ring. however, the sinkhole seems to be tight and traps his arms. right then, the pan in the stove starts burning, setting the house on fire. meanwhile, he tries to pull his arms from the sinkhole as hard as he can. luckily, he is able to pull his arms and escape the fire through the fire exit. shortly after, as he jumps from the fire escape, he slips and falls to the ground. apparently, he is lucky, until the metallic ladder from the fire exit falls and smashes his face, killing him in an instant. in the next scene, thomas is reading a website regarding the survivors of flight 180. the website reveals that alex died in a brick accident. meanwhile, kimberly also browses the website about the survivors of flight 180. she finds out that clear is the only one alive from the survivors of flight 180. apparently, clear is currently staying in a psychiatric facility. the following day, kimberly goes to clear in the psychiatric facility. clear's room doesn't have any hard and dangerous things inside, which suggests that she believes that death is still haunting her. and to avoid death, she surrenders herself to the psychiatric facility that keeps her safe. in the room, she tells kimberly to watch out for the signs to avoid death. additionally, she informs kimberly about the death list, which is the order of death. then kimberly asked her to help the survivors of the accident. however, clear refuses to do so. in the end, kimberly angrily storms out of the room. later, thomas meets kimberly. he tells her that they need to gather up the survivors of the accident. suddenly, a group of pigeons ominously appears to kimberly. then she realizes it is a sign that tim is about to die, since tim is the next on death's list. meanwhile, tim, with his mother, nora, goes to the dentist. in the dental clinic, the aquarium leaks, which makes the sockets wet. then the dentist starts operating on tim, while pigeons keep hitting the windows. this makes the dentist attend to keep the pigeons out, and leaves tim. meanwhile, tim is unable to move into the operating room. then the oxygen tank turns off, and a toy fish drops to his mouth, making him unable to breathe. suddenly, the nurse comes to save him. luckily, tim does not experience a painful death during a dental operation. since witnessing tim died during a dental operation may make all of us dare not to see the dentist anymore. it's a good thing that tim and norah safely walk out of the dental clinic. outside, kimberly and thomas arrived and warned him about the pigeons. ironically, this made engines in front of him. then tim proceeds to run towards the pigeons. suddenly, a thick glass falls towards tim, which shatters him into pieces. in the next scene, clear meets kimberly and thomas. then she guides them towards the mortician. just as they arrive there, the mortician is about to cremate the body of evan. clear asks the mortician to help them to cheat on death's plan. additionally, she fiercely tells the mortician that death's plan can be cheated. in response, the mortician plucks the nipple out of evan's dead body. then the mortician reveals to them that only new life can beat death. in the end, the mortician just grimly smiles at them. later at the gas station, the three of them ponder upon the words of the mortician that is new life beats death. suddenly, kimberly has a vision of herself drowning in a lake. then thomas remembers that there is a pregnant woman among the survivors of the accident. in response, clear is able to make sense of the mortician's advice that a new life beats death since pregnancy forms a new life. later in an office, the three of them review footage of a pregnant ladies van from the highway. the name of the pregnant lady is isabella. then thomas gets the plate number of the van and reports it is stolen to the police. in the next scene, the three of them meet the other survivors from the accident in an apartment clear convinces them to believe the death's plan. additionally, she tells the other survivors they need to watch out for each other in order to avoid death. meanwhile, the policemen are able to catch isabella in his van. then the policemen proceed to tell isabella that her van is reported stolen. back at the apartment nor decides to go home since she needs to plan a funeral for her son. tim eugene also leaves, since he does not believe in death's plan. later, the two of them are in an elevator together with a man who holds mannequin hands with hooks. meanwhile, rory is able to see a sign of a man with hooks. this means that a man with a hook is going to kill nora. immediately, thomas calls nora back at the elevator. nora's phone rings, and she drops it. as she picks up the phone, her hair gets attached to the hooks. she is unable to notice it. then she stands up and answers the phone. on the phone, thomas warns her that a man with a hook is going to kill her. as a response, she runs outside of the elevator in panic. however, the hook pulls her head back into the elevator. then, while her head is in the elevator, the door closes. suddenly, the elevator goes up and pulls her up. meanwhile, kate and clear arrive to help her. however, in the end, the elevator cuts her head off. inside, eugene cries like a child as he witnesses the gruesome event. later, eugene runs towards the apartment while crying. then he gets the gun from thomas. in response, thomas and rory try to calm him down. it seems that eugene fears dying in a painful death like nora, so he decides to kill himself with a gun instead. however, as he pulls the trigger, it appears that the gun has no bullets. after that, kate and clear arrive in the apartment. the following day, all of them towards isabel. also, cape drives for them. meanwhile, in the precinct, isabel is about to give birth. immediately, the cop and isabelle get out of the precinct. then the two of them drive towards the hospital. in the car, isabel keeps bugging out the cop to drive faster back to the car driven by kate, the tire suddenly explodes, making the car nearly hit the van in front of them. apparently, it is the van that carries isabelle towards the hospital. in an attempt by kate to avoid the van, the car goes to a barn field, right then the log hits the car, nearly hitting kate. after that, the car flies towards sharp tubes. the sharp tubes pierce the car, nearly hitting kate. again. inside, eugene cannot breathe, seemingly having a lung problem. in response, clear tells the people around to call an ambulance. in a few moments, the ambulance arrives and takes eugene away. after that, the news van arrives, which nearly hits a boy. luckily, rory saves the boy from getting hit. then the news van hits a stone, causing a gas leak. meanwhile, at the other side of the field, rory talks to kimberly about his impending death. he gives his things to kimberly. then rory instructs kimberly that if ever he dies, she must get rid of his x-rated film collection, since he does not want his mom to see it. apparently, it seems that for rory, his mom finding out his x-rated film collection is a lot scarier than a painful death. after that, rory walks away from her. meanwhile, kate is trapped in the car by the log. the rescuer uses a noisy tool to free her from the car. then kate tells the rescuer to make the tool quieter. in response, the rescuer tells her that he said it in a quiet mode. after that, the rescuer strongly smashes the tool to the log, which activates the airbag of the car. as a result, the airbag pushes kate's head to a sharp tube that pierces through her head. then kate's cigarette falls and rolls towards the leaking gas from the news van. instantly, the cigarette lit the gas. in a few moments, the news van explodes, making the things around fly away. unfortunately, barbed wire fence flies towards rory, cutting his body into pieces. luckily, rory is able to instruct kimberly to get rid of his x-rated film collection before he dies. this may mean that he dies peacefully. after that, kimberly thomas and clear rush towards isabelle. along the way, kimberly gets a vision that a doctor named calargian is choking her. this makes them think that dr calagine is about to choke isabel. a while later, as they arrive at the hospital, the announcer calls for dr calargion. immediately they try to find her. luckily, thomas is able to find and stop dr collardian. a few moments after, kimberly and thomas able to go towards isabel in the operating room, there you witness isabel giving birth to the child. they think that the childbirth of isabel prevents death's plan. this makes them happily congratulate isabel. however, isabel does not know them. in response, isabelle asks the cop, who the hell are these people? later in the hallway, clear reunites with thomas and kimberly. there kimberly remembers that isabelle did not die in her vision of the highway accident. this makes them realize that the childbirth of isabel is unrelated to death's plan. this, however, means that death's plan continues. after that, kimberly has a vision of a bloody hand in the white van in the lake. as clear hears kimberly's vision, she rushes towards eugene's room in the hospital. meanwhile, kimberly keeps thinking about the mortician's advice that a new life beats death. at the same time, clear arrives at the room at the end of the hallway. there she sees eugene. in response, she opens the door to check him. as soon as she opens the door, the hospital machine is set on fire and explodes, which kills her. in the hallway, kimberly cries as she witnesses the explosion. suddenly, there is blood in her hands, similar to her visions. after that, she thinks about the things in her visions, including doctor calarjean, the white van and the lake. then she tries to relate it to the phrase new life. after that, kimberly realizes that she needs to die to stop death's plan. as a result, she immediately drives the white van towards the lake. in response, thomas rushes towards kimberly in order to save her. under the lake, she is drowning inside the van. then thomas tries hard to open the door of the van. but fails to do so. in response, he smashes his gun to the window. meanwhile, kimberly gets unconscious and has a flashback of his visions. in the next scene, dr calardian is trying to save kimberly in the hospital. it appears that kimberly is mistaken in the interpretation of her vision at first. that is, dr kolajin is not trying to kill kimberly, but instead, she's trying to save her. in the end, dr calargion is able to save kimberly. additionally, it appears in the film that kimberly dies in the lake and has a new life after dr calargion saves her. this gives sense to the advice of the mortician that a new life beats death. this means that, in the end, she seemingly cheated death through her attempt to drown herself. the movie ends where kimberly and thomas are eating in a backyard together with a farmer's family. then the son goes to check the barbecue. after that, the farmer shares with them that a news van nearly hits his son. luckily, rory saves his son after hearing the story thomas and kimberly seemingly know what is about to happen. then they look at the sun in the barbecue stand. suddenly, a barbecue explodes. then the arm of the sun flies to their table, making the farmer's wife scream. in the end, the son's arm appears to be a tasty steak on their table. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 