today i am going to explain a mystery romance film called killing me. softly, spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. as a group of mountaineers climbs a snowy cliff, a woman describes how the brain dies from a lack of oxygen once a person reaches a certain altitude. the brain just shuts down and the body goes along with it. the woman says she can't stop thinking about what it must have been like. and the person she's talking to asked her to start from the beginning, so she tells him her whole story. an american woman named alice describes her life in london with her boyfriend jack. ali says she grew up on the plains in indiana and that she's always been a flat lander. she had already been staying in london for a year and a half, and the first six months have been heard on her, but the changed upon meeting jack. alice is a cd rooms and website designer, while jack is an engineer. one day, alice is about to cross the street when she encounters a charming stranger. she is completely enthralled by him as they cross, and his very presence distracts her even after they parted aways, alice starts hitting inside her office, but she takes another look at him and sees him entering bookstore. after being continually distracted and unsettled at work, she finally head out. peeking inside the bookstore, she sees that the man is waiting in the line with his friend. he looks at her, embarrassing her, so she steps back and hides. when she is finally about to go inside, alice finds herself face to face with the man, with only the glass separating them. she accepted the strangers offered to get inside a cab with him. inside the car, the sensual tension between them hangs heavy in the air. after the man takes elise home, he grabs her from behind and starts kissing her. alice then kisses him back, and it isn't long before they make torrid and passionate love. once they are done, ali stresses and turns away, embarrassed and perhaps even regretful. after softly asking her to face him, the stranger helps her put on an agreement. maintaining a gentle tone, he invites her to come back to his house again, but alice keeps insisting that she can't in the end the he assures her that she can come over whenever she wants, and that he will be there when she does. that night, alice makes love with jack, but it feels different and not nearly as thrilling as it did when she slept with the stranger. the following day, alice passes by the bookstore with the hopes of seeing the stranger again. instead, she sees a poster of him along with his book. there she learns that the man is adam chalis, a mountain climber who saved six people with no accident. after buying adam's book, alice goes straight to adam's house, where she finds him waiting for her by the door. the two make love once more, and afterwards, they lie on the floor, now resting. ali tells adam that she brought his book. he corrects her, saying that it's not his book, is just in it. when she comments that it looks good, he simply restores that people died. adam gets up to smoke, then starts telling alice what happened. according to adam, he lost the whole group of mountaineers he was with, including the woman he loved, francois scala. there was no room for error. everything had been checked. yet he still doesn't know what happened. he then asks alice if he knows what it's like over 000 feet. and when alice shakes her head, adam stands and snatched his goldfish from the aquarium. adam shows alice the fish as it struggles to breathe, saying, that's exactly how it feels without air. the brain cells die. once the brain shut down, the rest of the body follows. he then puts the fish back, saying that it's been two years, but the feeling doesn't go away. alice then kisses adam before finally confessing that she lives with someone. adam doesn't seems to mind, though. and when alice begins putting on her underwear, he tells her not to at home. alice unexpectedly tells jack that she has to leave him. shocked, jack walks up to her and hugs her. and as alice cries, jack insists that they are perfect together and that he wants to marry her. stiffling a sob, she admits that she met somebody. and while jack tries to keep himself from exploding, all alice could say it is that she didn't mean to hurt him. finally, jack lets out his anger and turns over a small table, while alice only listened to him before working out. after heading to adam's place, alice meets his sister deborah. she lets alice know that adam isn't there at the moment before inviting her inside. there. deborah explains that adam's having some work done on his place, so he stayed in her house while she was gone. as she arranges her photos, deborah explains adam's aversion to looking at them. alice points to a woman in one of the pictures, asking if it's fun guys. deborah confirms this and tells her that adam can't look at the photos because it's hard for him to see francoise. while he's a brave guy, he can't get scared of remembering, and he forget that the accident wasn't solely his fault. deborah adds that she was with the mountainers when the accident happened, and that frank wise was her best friend. finally, deborah calls alice by name for the first time, and she complains her on her beauty, saying that she can see why adam fell so hard for her. after that, alice asked her for adam's address. upon finding adam's place, alice rings his doorbell several times, but there is no answer. when adam finally shows up, he hugs alice tightly as she tells him that she left jack. she starts telling adam that he is hurting her, but he ignores this and starts eagerly kissing her as usual. alice return his case, ends up against a well, and the two sleep together again. the following morning, alice wakes up alone in bed, and when she gets out, she sees adam downstairs, just coming in with a woman. adam introduces joanna nobel to alice, and joanna informs her that she's a reporter from the guardian tasks to interview adam about his himalaya clean up project. after greeting the reporter, alice tries looking for a shirt in adam's closes but finds it locked. adam watches alice going through his drawer and finding a key, only to put it back. finally, she settles on the shirt that's on the chair. and when adam's phone rings, she informs him about it. adam then tells her to answer it for him. and when she does, their nobody on the other line. soon alice tells him that she needs to go to work, and adam kisses her big for asking her to see him. afterwards, adam takes alice, while climbing where deborah sees her, and helps her put on her harness. as adam gets down from the wall, he gently pulls deborah aside, saying he will take it from there. when he finished helping alice with her harness, alice gets introduced to klaus, and she tells him that she liked his book. later on, alice meets up with her friend sylvia. she disapproves of alice destroying her and jack's lives by letting go of a man who loves her just for a good bang. alice tries to defend herself by saying that when she is with adam, everything is just more. as the two leave the bar, a man suddenly marks alice before immediately running away. witnessing the whole thing, adam chases the guy and catches up to him by the telephone booth, where she smashes the mother's head against the glass and beats him up badly. alice and sylvia catch up to them, and alice tells sylvia to call the cops, while she runs to adam, telling him to stop. when adam finally relents, he embarrasses alice and kisses her deeply, promising her that that will never happen again and that will never protect her. she sideshocks sylvia, but adam and alice pay her no mind and start working away. out of the blue, adam possesses two alice, saying the sooner they get married, the better. and alice, joyful accepts. one day, alice receives a mysterious letter asking her what she really knows about adam. she knows about adam the telegram and informs him about the call from that morning, saying someone was on the line, but they weren't talking. adam says, someone is just scaring her. and as he left her in his car, he reminds alice to tell him if anything like that happens again. they then drive to adam's family charged by the countryside to get married, where they have two strangers as their witnesses. after the ceremony, they get dressed at the way station for hikers, where adam takes a picture of alice while still neck the change into their hiking outfits. and as alice recalls what she did with adam to celebrate their marriage, the person she is telling her story to is surprised to learn that they went hiking on their wedding day. as they walk in the wilderness, alice quickly gets owned out and sits down. because of that, adam promises to give her an unforgettable honeymoon, then teaches her how to conserve her angry. adam then goes ahead, leaving alice by herself. since she wants adam to be proud of her, she follows the trail for hours until she finally reaches his cabin. adam makes an anchor and gives alice a long piece of silk, explaining that the anchor is for catching a falling body without hesitation. alice lets adam wrap the silk around her neck and hook it on the anchor, giving him control over the body. she lets adam decide when she can and cannot breathe. and finally, after making love, adam tells her that he loves her. alice continues her story, recounting that they returned to london and joanna noble's article came out, she was happier than she would have ever been. as alice gets home one day, she receives another mysterious letter, warning her that marrying adam was a mistake. she quickly calls jack, but gets surprised when sylvia answers the phone. sylvia tells alice that she and jack have been seeing each other, but alice doesn't seem to mind. from the shower, adam calls alice and tells her they will be late. so alice ends with the call with sylvia. that's time. alice doesn't show adam the letter. they attend a gathering together, and alice feels completely out of place after looking at a picture of adam with francoise. alice goes to the bathroom where deborah sees her wiping off her lipstick. when deborah asked if she's okay, alice tells her that she has a headache. to help her, deborah messages her hand and neck, and one she is better. alice thanks her sister-in-law. then deborah asked alice to close her eyes. and when she does, deborah puts a necklace around her neck. downstairs. klaus proposes a toast of alice announcing that she has conquered adam. when adam sees alice with his sister, he suddenly gets uncomfortable, but hugs them both anyway, while in a meeting, alice receives a call from joanna and informs her that she's just received a weird note about adam's article. alice receives the note through the facts machine. it's from a woman who claims that adam had defiled her, and she's asking janna to report the truth. alice then receives the continuation of her letter, which shows the name and contact number of the sender, michael store, who says that she will reveal the real story. upset, alice leaves the office and goes to michael's place. meanwhile, adam calls ali's office and learns that she's just left posing as joanna. alice interviews michael about the incident. michael recounts it to alice, saying she and adam were kissing at a party that time, and before she knew it, adam was pulling her into the bushes and started forcing himself on her until he overpowered her. michael then sarcastically asked alice if she will write an article about it, adding that they can make some money out of it. however, alice tells her it doesn't work that way, especially since she has no roof against adam. later that day, alice miss joanna, who is unhappy about what alice did. she tells alice that she could get fired for her carelessness. and alice apologizes to her. alice says she is just really curious. but joanna tells her that curiosity gets people killed. alice resolves that she should trust adam, and the two women prepare to leave. meanwhile, someone outside the coffee shop puts out a cigarette. the night, alice contemplates how little she knows about adam. she's musing about how everything she knows about him either came from a book, a newspaper or even shred of information from other people. with a strong desire to know more. alice takes the key that she saw in the drawer the order day and opens adam closer in. there she finds a box of letters from a woman named adley blanchard. as she reads then, alice learns that adam used to have an affair with a married woman. adelie is telling adam in her letters that she is going back to her husband and that what they are doing too dangerous. suddenly, adam arrives, and alice hurriedly puts back the letter inside the closet, struggling to close it properly. when she finally does, alice greets adam as if nothing happened. the following morning, adam informs alice that he called her office the previous day and her colleague said she was out. alice stammers that she had a doctor's appointment but wasn't able to leave her meeting. skeptical, adam asks where exactly the meeting was held, and alice nervously answers that it was at the hilton, though he remains unconvinced. adam apologizes to her for being noisy. he then shows alice her necklace and asked where she got it from. and alice says, deborah gave it to her. for a moment, there's a trace of disbelief and uneasiness on adam's face, but it disappears quickly as he smiles, saying, devorah has a good taste. as adam reads the newspaper, alice tells him about michael stores note and accusation, adam is going to deny it, saying it never happened and that he is not surprised that michael contacted her. adam then apologizes to alice for having to hear that story, and before she could reply, klaus shows up to take adam to a talk show. once they are gone, alice goes through adam's dryer again to find the key to the closet, but it isn't there. suddenly, she hears the sound of the wind chime from the front door, and she immediately checks to see if adam is back. and she immediately checks to see if adam is back. when she opens the door, alice finds the package on the door, containing a letter that asks her how far she will let adam go and a long piece of silk with blood strings, similar to the one adam used on her during their honeymoon. alice then quickly calls the directory inquiries and asks if they have a listing for adley blanchard on march mott road. posing as joanna again, alice goes to atlas house where atlas mother's greets her. alice learns from her that at least been missing for eight months. and after adl's mother invites her inside, she tells alice that atleast hasn't even contacted her husband, michael. then she shows her at this photo album where she finds adam in one of atl's wedding pictures. adl's mother says her daughter used to climb with adam all the time, but that stopped two years after she got married. she says, michael got fed up with atlas mountain climbing, so in the end, adli choose to stop. to her horror, alice also sees a naked photo of adley standing beside an angel statue at the place where they got married. then adley's mother mentioned that adam called her asking for updates on the investigation. when atlas mother tells alice that adam is also coming, alice immediately excuses herself and leaves, secretly leaving two photos of adley. she throwed away her package before boarding the train. while repeatedly looking behind her that evening, alice is started when she suddenly sees adam in the dark corner of their house smoking. adam then puts on his cigarette and picks alice up before binding her on the table. alice tries to protest, but adam ignores her and accuses her to being with another man. when alice denies it, adam asked her why she keeps sneaking around, and that's when she admits that she is found at least letters. furious, adam goes upstairs to retrieve the letters and starts throwing them down to alice, saying he has nothing to hide. back down. alice asks him to untie her, but adam only sits on the floor and cries, eliminating over how she wouldn't be in that position if she trusted him. trying to get adam sympathy, alice says she just wanted to know him more so that she could love him more. while she is crying, adam assures alice that he is hers and that he loves her so much he can break her neck. adam then asks if she likes what they are doing, but she doesn't answer his question and instead tells him that she needs to pee. after adam unties her, alice escapes his house through the fire exit, and adam quickly goes after her, begging her to stop. as she hides from adam, alice witnesses how he could lost his temper over small thing and throw effect. finally, it's revealed that the person alice has been taken to is a senior police officer. and she explains that that's when she came to him. she asked him if they can open adli blanchard's case. but the officer says it's not easy to open a case like atleast alice restores that adam killed adly, but the officer says she has no proof of that. still determined to have adam arrested, alice tells him that adam forced himself on michael. but the officer currently replies that michael never reported it. the only proof she has is the two photographs of adley, which proves nothing. the officer then shows adam through the double-sided class, telling the officers about alice's escape. in the other interrogation room, she hears adam saying he loves her. and the officer tells alice that even though he believes adam has the potential for violence, he isn't sure if he is murdered. after closing the binds, the officer informs alice that they can only keep adam for a few hours. adding that she's accusing a hero while providing no evidence, with no one to turn to, alice asked for deborah's help to know the truth about adam. after learning from deborah that franz kois was with someone else, alice interferes that frank coy's left adam, so he killed her. deborah agrees with her. then she shows alice two different anchors used in climbing, one of which is made of cheap material. she says adam could have switched the anchors, killing francoise and her group. finally, deborah advises alice to leave adam for her own good. scared, alice tells deborah about adley and gives her adless pictures. alice still thinks that adam killed her and she must have been be buried at the location in the picture at st. edmunds. then alice asked devorah to come with her to find adelie. on their way to stained admins, deborah confesses to sending alice the notes. she knows about adam's violence, and she wants her to get away from him. back at deborah's place, adam finds that two photos of ali and after quickly realizing where alice is headed. she follows her at saint eight months alice find a body buried in the dirt, wearing a necklace like the one deborah gave her. when alice confronts her about it, deborah ominously says that adley didn't have to die, if only she would told her that she was going back to michael with a sinner. deborah says she gave adley a necklace to and that she found it beautiful, just like alice did. with alice determining to know, whatever i did, the two women start fighting and hitting each other. deborah aggressively admits to sleeping with her brother when they were kids, adding that she's the one who gave him his first place of self. as the struggle, deborah yells that adam is hers, and attempts to hit alice with a shovel. but adam shows up and tackles her to the ground. alison runs away, and adam hits deborah across the face, saying he was never hers. as he starts looking for alice. deborah is about to hit him at the back with uh shovel, but alice shoots her with a flare gun. deborah dies in adam's arms leaving. he's stunning and devastated. he confesses to alice that he and deborah used to go there together. and with a betrayed look, adam says that he thought alice just had to trust him. deborah's body is taken by the cops the following day, and so is adam. two years later, alice and adam see each other again at the airport as he's going up the escalator while she's going down. neither of them says anything, but they just look at each other. when adam reaches the top, he stays there for a moment and looks at alice one last time before walking away. meanwhile, alice starts thinking that a flat lander like her can't live at a high at altitude, right where adam is 