hi. I don't know how many people have seen the og blaxploitation film from back in the 70s. it was all about style. the music was legendary. how even DC used it for their variant covers. and I wasn't sure about this ring to the table, what is it about? until I saw this interview legend. so considering I'm automatically a Stan of Trevor Jack's and will support anything he does financially, I decided to go check out this movie, and I thought it was a decent stream it for me. let me explain. so this movie is actually directed by a music video director who you no doubt have seen, like a bunch of the stuff that he's made. he's actually the one who pitched this movie as the hood Shakespeare. I think it's more like a Robin in the hood, if anything, when you're looking at what they're doing. and I know that some people, actually, some people want to do a boycott on this movie, but I can guarantee you that those people who are saying that it does bad also owned a copy of The Godfather or American gangster. you know, we'd be lying if we didn't say that. we don't have to condone these things. but organized crime can be entertaining, right? like, I'm not over here pushing cocaina, but these mob empires are a little fascinating. you got the Italians with their mafia. Japanese people have the Yakuza. my deals are not equals for the cartel. and in this particular one, you have Superfly covering the culture in the south for some I mean, they got big boy from Outkast playing the mayor future. pulled a Kenny and he did the entire soundtrack, which is cool. Rick Ross appears for a bit before he runs out of breath. and you follow this dude with a Johnny Bravo haircut, who's making moves down there without being on the radar at all. he owns a mattress store, which, if you've ever wondered why there's four mattress stores in one corner, now you know. but the problem is is that, while he's trying to do everything secretly, right? he's just trying to make his money. and that caused any problems? no violence, no nothing. the problem is is, as he says in one of my favorite quotes from the movie, it doesn't matter if you're smart in a world full of stupid people. there's this gang calling themselves the snow Patrol. they're being led by job over here. dudes walk around looking like stormtroopers with their gun. and I swear half of their outfits are made out of like, two-ply Charmin ultra soft. but it's the fact that they got this dude right here who's always pissy, right? he looks like 21 angry who's always trying to get at your boy priest. thing is Superfly over here is actually a freaking superhero dude. it's like the Iron Fist of Atlanta, right? he's being trained by his mr. Miyagi, who's Omar from the wire. and not only did he teach him everything that he knows, but he's also kind of like his, his kingpin. he's one who gives him all of the stuff. so when Jose Zuniga here finally decides, you know what, I want out of this life of crime, but they told no, now here's what I'll remind y'all that, there is no part of Atlanta, there's no part of America really, that is scarier than when you're two feet into hottest right? like gang members over here though, don't give you a drive-by and have somebody else clean it up. cartels will straight up decorate your body like a freaking pinata. priest goes to Mexico so that he can talk to the source. it's the same drug dealer from Ozark, and he's the guy who's distributing the cocaina. and since priest is trying to do one last big push in places like a Costco ball court, around it, obviously, organized crimes always become unorganized. there's a whole bit where these guys end up with corrupt cops who catch them, and they demand 50%. then he magically finds a way to reframe the cops and put him in jail. if there's this whole setup where he gets the snow patrol to get massacred and they melt and legit. the way that he's able to get out of the cartels grasp is by snitching on this dude's mom and telling her that he put his own brother in jail. she don't even ground him. this lady straight-up incinerates her boy like damn, that chancla would have sufficed. probably the dumbest parts in this movie are like parts where the car chase scene where it all of a sudden switches to 42 frames per second. which really, what that means is that it goes from looking like a movie to your new 4k TV that you turn on, and everything just looks a little bit off. the writer also clearly wanted us to hate this white cop, which, look at his face. I mean, people watch the news. they wouldn't have been that hard. but the writer tries really hard, to the point that he has a scene where the cop shoots one of priests guys, even though he's about to make a deal with priests, like, I get that. you're trying to justify the final scene in the movie where priest whips the cop like a Klan member. but you're trying really hard when every time his partner pops up, you got to go and take a load of this racist I got to work with. oh my gosh, he's such a racist. and you're trying really hard when you even name this fool officer Turk. I don't think this movie is better than any of these right here, but if you like these movies, this will, it'll satisfy that fix, right? and yes, of course, is to look super fly. if anything besides surprisingly learning from the movie that crime is bad. it's also knowing that you can never be too careful, because it doesn't matter if you're smart in a world full of idiots. think I have checking out this video. curious to know your thoughts down below. if you caught this movie. they released it like, on a Tuesday. they didn't even wait for the Friday release. but it's out there. there's a whole soundtrack. like I said, future did the entire soundtrack, which i think is pretty cool. he is the guy in an interview who said that he makes music for businessmen. so I'm in their break, they can feel like their gangster. there are probably points in this movie, like I said, the writing sometime gets a little TV Riteish. got a Mexican just mentioning fake news, which I thought was a little cringy. that would have been one thing. but, like I said, the cop thing. then there's even a point where they, like, destroy a Confederate statue. it's the way that they kill a guy, but, but it's dumb, like knocking down Confederate statues. and even look crazy in here. I'm curious to see the response to Lacroix being in this movie where a dude's have in a threeway with some women. considering that Lecrae has gone from a Christian rapper to a Christian trapper to some people. I'm curious to see what happens with that in Pierce. to know your thoughts, definite. let me know your thoughts down below in the comments section. one movies you want me to cover, and don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a brick 