hey movie lovers. i'm your host, patrick, and this time we're going to be covering a 2017 indonesian horror film called the third eye. as the movie begins in 2005, where alia and abel live with their parents. aliyah goes out to the yard of her house one day to take her little sister abel back inside the house. outside, she sees abel staring at the huge tree in their garden. when alya asks her what's wrong, abel tells her that someone is there and is talking to her. alya looks around the tree and tells abel that there's no one there. abel asks her sister if she believes her, but alia tells her that she's done this many times and she's just imagining people. that night, abel's mother goes to put her to sleep. she tells her to take her headphones off, which she wears throughout the day. but abel insists on keeping them on, for if she doesn't, she wouldn't hear other things. later, alia sees an abnormal walking figure going towards evil's room. she goes to her room to check, but the strange looking man with a cut and bruised face appears at the door. before the doors closed, abel starts to scream inside, and the whole family reach abel's door and pushes it open. abel is sitting on her bed, petrified, with numerous scratches on her limbs, but no one else can be seen in the room. the family concludes that the burglar had come into their house and reported to the police. years later, in 2017, alia is sitting at the cafe when the waiter brings her a cup of coffee sent by someone. she looks over in the direction the waiter points and sees her boyfriend, davin, who comes to her, and they start laughing and talking. alia is informed about the death of her parents in a car accident, and immediately goes back to the place her parents and little sister abel were living. she's then told that they cannot live in that house anymore because the house is given to the company's employees during their time at the company. since her dad has died, they no longer have rights of the house and would have to move. alia decides to take her sister to their childhood house, and her boyfriend, davin also decides to stay with them. abel is hesitant to go back to the house and objects to the decision. she tells alya that something was there in their childhood house with them, and she's too scared to go back there. alia again tries to convince her sister that she's imagining these things, and the only person in their house was a burglar who has long left the house. when the three reach the house, alia starts to show davin around, while abel is alone in her parents room. her spirit attacks her, but she runs out and closes the door behind her. after that, abel knocks herself in her room and refuses to come out. later at night, after davin and alia go to sleep, abel goes downstairs to the kitchen to get some food. as she ascends the stairs, the same man she saw in the house ages ago is seen following her up the stairs. upon reaching the top, she stops and looks down to find that man holding both her legs. davin and alia wake up to her screams and rush to her room to find her on her bed, covered with her blanket. when they ask what happened to her, she tells them that the man is following them and will not let them live in the house. alya tells her that she is hallucinating, and alia will take her to the psychiatrist and she will stop getting scared like this. she tells her they will not go to a different psychiatrist now, since the one their mother took able to hasn't been able to help much. able tells her mother that she never took her to a psychiatrist. instead, she took her to a medium called bull window. as abel can see the dead, ali then goes to buu window with her sister. the medium tells them about the third eye. she says it's the ability to see and feel the other world. according to her, everyone has a third eye, but whether it opens or not and the time it opens varies from person to person. abel's third eye has been open since she was five. thus she has been able to come in contact with the other world since then. not being able to believe anything the medium says, alia asks her if it's possible to open the third eye by force. when the medium tells her it is, she asks her to open her third eye. if nothing appears to be different after the opening of said eye, she will take able to a psychiatrist. the medium then recites an incantation with alia sitting in front of her with the blindfold on and her hands over her chest. after the completion of the ritual. alya takes a walk around the room and declares that nothing has changed for her. she then takes abel by the arm and walks out of the medium's place, saying she will take her to a psychiatrist soon. a while after returning home, the heaven leaves for his hometown to meet the sick father. alia notices bruises on her arm, and her head starts to feel heavy. she goes to the doctor for a medical checkup. while sitting in the waiting area, she sees a nurse pulling a wheelchair with a bruised girl in it. the nurse leaves the wheelchair in the waiting area and goes behind the counter. the girl asks why anya is in the hospital. aliya tells her about her headache, and the girl, tasha, then tells her why she's there. she says that she was abused by her father, hence the bruises. she then requests alia to tell her mother that she still loves her father. alia then goes inside for the medical checkup. the doctor tells her that she is fine and prescribes her vitamins to get over her weakness. after coming back out of the waiting area, she finds the wheelchair of the girl empty. she then goes to the lady whom the girl had told her was her mother. she asked if she's tasha's mother, and the woman tells her she is. alia conveys her daughter's message to her, but receives a very shocking reply. the woman tells her that their daughter has died earlier that morning, and couldn't have said that. confused, alya goes to the nurse and asks her where the little girl she brought went, but the nurse tells her that she was alone in the waiting area all this time. alarmed, alia rushes to the restroom, unable to believe what just happened to her, she finds one of the bathrooms occupied, and slowly lowers her head down to observe the feet of the person inside. to her horror, the person has gashed and cut feet. she falls back screaming and sees the ghost's head appear through the door. in fear, she runs out of the bathroom and sits in a chair. there she sees a ghostly spirit again, who turns his head backwards to reveal his bloody face. terrified, she runs in an attempt to get out of the hospital in the elevator, she again feels a presence and gets more impatient to get out of the place. when she reaches her house, she hugs abel and tells her what she saw. abel tells her that some spirits merely come to bother the humans, but the others need their help with some unfinished business in this world. that night, aliya sleeps in abel's room due to the fear of the spirits. abel offers her the headphone she uses to block out the voices of the spirits, but alia refuses them, saying evil should wear them. later that night, alya hears the door being banged on violently. she gets up and goes downstairs to check alia. then goes to the kitchen after hearing some noises coming from it. inside, she is completely shocked to see a flying knife cutting the vegetables. she looks at the mirror beside the kitchen counter and sees the reflection of a woman's spirit who's chopping the veg alya runs and hides behind the curtain. she then realizes that the whole family, consisting of a father, mother and a son, live in their house. the family disappears from her living room. after that, alya gathers up her courage and steps out, starting to ask what the spirits need. she hears a voice saying, house. and look down at her feet to see that all three of the spirits have grabbed her legs. they all then start pulling her away. able, who had not been able to hear her sister's screams due to her headphones, notices that her sister is missing. after getting up to use the bathroom, she then goes outside to look for her sister. she then sees someone standing in front of her, covered by a sheet. from the song this figure is singing, it becomes clear that it's the spirit of the ghost family son after singing the song. but she escapes him and then finds her sister sitting crouched down inside a cupboard. when alya sees her, she hugs her tight. the next day, the sisters and davin go to the medium's house. the medium tells them that by house, the spirit could mean their bodies or the property. the spirits will possess their bodies to finish their business in the human world. but then, even after their business has finished, the spirits will take them away to their world. devin asks the medium if the dead can see each other? she tells him that some can, well, the others cannot. those who can't see other dead people often don't realize that they are dead. blue window then comes back to the house with them all and tries to contact the spirits, but the spirits do not communicate with her. she tells them that the spirits only want to communicate with the sisters. they all then sit at a table and hold hands to communicate with the spirits. the medium and the sisters appear in a different time in that house. who window tells them that the spirits did not want to communicate with davin, thus he did not come with them. through this overlap of time, they learned that the ghost family used to live in that house when they were alive. one night a robber broke into their house and started taking their valuables. the father saw him and got up from his bend to stop him, but the robber cut off his leg and killed him. he then locked the mother and son in the cupboard, where they suffocated over time and died. when they come out of this trance, bu window tells them that the spirits want them out of the house to get rid of them. they will have to open the portal to the other world. she tells davin to leave, as all this could be too dangerous for him, and then sets her things up for a ritual, and they all sit down in a circle, holding hands. suddenly, due to a mysterious force, alia is pulled away and thrown onto the table. she finds herself back in time again in the same cupboard where she sees the corpses of the dead family. they suddenly come back to life in their ghostly state and possess her. the possessed aliyah then grabs able by the throat and starts strangling her, who window pulls her away from her, but she bites into her neck hard as well. buu window and abel then tie up alya to the bed and hold hands with her in an attempt to drive the spirits out of her body. abel and buu window then find themselves back in that time again, where the burglar is now leaving the house. he briefly pulls his mask up at the window and is revealed to be the family's gardener, ma aseb, who's now the sister's gardener too. when they come back to reality, the bed starts to float in the air. as the possessed alia yells in rage. the bed then falls to the ground, and abel and the medium are thrown off of it due to the impact. alya manages to free herself, breaking and dragging the bed post behind her, she rushes out, closing the door behind her, to the gardener's house, with abel and blue window on her tail. before abel and buu window are able to warn the gardener, alia appears at his door and throws the unexpecting gardener at his glass table, sending it crashing down with his weight. the confused and blood-covered gardener cross away from alia, asking the reason behind this violent attack, the spirits within aya didn't tell him who they are. we are then shown scenes from the past, through which we learned that the father of the family was very rude and intolerant towards the gardener. once when the gardener's wife was about to give birth and needed money urgently for delivery, the father refused to give the gardener salary, which left him no choice. thus, in an attempt to save his wife and his child that was on the way, the gardener decided to rob his employers and ended up killing them in the act. alia then slowly and painfully kills the begging and pleading gardener with garden scissors. abel and buu window then arrive at the scene and hold alya. the spirits then leave alia's body and possesses abel instead. after that, abel goes into a coma and is taken to the hospital. bu window tells alya and davin that abel has been trapped inside the other world and will slowly die if a living being does not go after her to save her and bring her back. alya decides to go in after her, but the medium tells her that she cannot go in alone. she will need the combined energy of someone dead, someone from the other world, to be able to safely make it out there. this confuses alya as she starts wondering how someone dead could help her. who window tells her that her third eye actually opened a long time ago, but she never realized it. alya and her mother knew this, but they couldn't tell her, for they were afraid she would just be as scared as abel and would not be able to lead a normal life. this is why she saw that scarred man that time when he attacked abel as his child. boo window tells her that the ritual she performed was meant to open her third eye completely, which was opened only halfway before that. it's then revealed to her that davin was not a living being, but he was dead all along. he had died a while ago in an accident with a car. she cannot see the other dead people. he doesn't realize that he has died. alia had been able to see him through her half open third eye. after his death, he still lived in the world of the living because of something he had to do, visit his sick father. now he has seen him. thus his work in this world is done, and it's time for him to go where he belongs. davin is completely shocked to hear this, and stares ahead in disbelief as a crying aliyah hugs him. he tells them he will go with alya and bring abel back, who window tells them that they need to keep holding hands for their energy to be one. she further explains that abel would be trapped in the darker part of the spirit's world, but after they have saved her, they have to return to the brighter side. devin's spirit will go through the brightly lit tunnel to the bright part of the spirit world, where he belongs, and alia will return to the humans world. they both are sent by buu window to the spirit's world. inside they see the tunnels. they go to the darker one to look for able. on their way, they see numerous dark and disturbed spirits, but they don't stop and keep looking for abel. they start to hear the ghost boys song and realize that she must be close and find their cage in the corner, from which they take her out. abel tells them that he actually wanted alia, not her. they look in the direction she points and sees the spirit of the gardener looking deranged and damaged. he lunges at alia, but she moves aside and holds davin's head. due to their energies combined. this way, the spirit is not able to recognize her as he sniffs at her. the three of them leave. they go back to the intersection of the world the tunnels. abel is then sent back into the human world first, where she wakes up from her coma. alya and davin then hug for one last time before alya returns to the human world, and dabin runs the brighter sign of the spirit world, the place where he belongs. a while after this incident, aliyah and abel are seen telling buu window about the spirit of a woman who has a hole in her back. they say the spirit has been stalking them. they then decide to ask her if she needs help, and leave the medium's place at able school. they again see the spirit and attempt to communicate with her, and the screen blacks out. 