hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 fantasy adventure film fantastic beasts, and where to find them. so let's get started. a quick note, while set in the world of Harry Potter, these films take place 70 years before the events of that series. we opened in 1926 to find a British wizard named Newt Scamander arriving in New York. there he meets Mary Lou barebone, a non-magical woman, aka a nomad, or the Harry Potter series would be referred to as a muggle, who is preaching of the existence of witches and wizards and how dangerous they are. while listening to her speech, a small magical creature called Anne if Fleur escapes from newts suitcase, was contained a large variety of magical creatures. while trying to capture the nefler, Newt accidentally switches suitcases with a no-match named Jacob Kowalski, who is an aspiring Baker. Newt is arrested for being an unregistered wizard in New York by a demoted are a hunter of dark wizards, named kina goldstein. new is brought before the magical Congress of the United States by Tina in hopes that she will regain her position as an r when the contents of a suitcase are revealed to only be baked goods, Newt is released. however, at Jacobs residence, several creatures have escaped from newts suitcase. Tina and Newt meet up with Jacob in the suitcase, and they all travel to Tina's apartment to meet with Tina's roommate, Queenie, who can extract feelings and memories from other people's minds. Queenie and Jacob are both attracted to one another, but is forbidden for a magical and non magical person to marry or even interact. Newt brings Jacob inside his suitcase, revealing that is much larger on the inside. in Jacob egg counters and obscurus, a dark, destructive parasite that develops and magically gifted children who are forces suppress their abilities. Newt and Jacob pursue the missing creatures, capturing two of the three missing ones before re-entering the suitcase, only to have the suitcase be brought before the magical congress by tina. new is arrested as they believe that one of newts beasts killed the New York senator. newts suitcases to be destroyed and we'll have his recent memories erased. the director of magical security, Percival graves, accuses Newt of working with the infamous dark wizard named Geralt Brendan Wald. both Tina and new are sentenced to death, but they arrested by Queenie and Jacob. after meeting with a goblin gangster named gnarly, they're able to recapture the last creature. we see graves talking to Creedence Fairborn, the adopted son of Mary Lou bear born, the woman shouting about wizards at the beginning of the film. graves offers to free Creedence from his abusive mother, and that he wants Creedence to finding obscurus, which he believes has caused the mysterious destruction throughout the city, which we have seen clips throughout the film. credenzas mother later tries to abuse his sister, modesty, and an obscurus is released, killing everyone in the building except credence and modesty. graves arrived and at first dismisses credence, but credence releases his obscurus, being drastically more powerful than a normal obscurus, after destroying a great deal of the city. new finds credence hiding away in a subway tunnel, but is attacked by graves. tina attempts to calm down credence, as she knows he is just scared. but then the orders arrive in disintegrate Creedence graves and myths to releasing the obscurus in order to expose the no Maja's to the magical world. and expresses his disdain for the magical congress. after one of new speed stops in', it is revealed that graves was actually the dark wizard grinning, walled in disguise Britain. Wald is then taken into custody. new releases of beasts called a Thunderbird, which releases a rainfall to help New Yorkers. recent memories be erased of the destruction caused by the obscurus. Queenie kisses Jacob goodbye, just before his memories of her are erased. Newt leaves for Europe to continue his book on magical creatures, but promises to visit Tina. you'd also anonymously gives jacobsims silver eggs, which Shake abuses to start his bakery. Queenie visits the bakery, and Jacob smiles at her, showing that he may have not lost all of his memories of her. so that was the spoilers for fantastic beasts and where to find them. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. you 