Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a drama, fantasy, and mystery film called "The Illusionist." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. A young Eisenheim sits all dusty under a table. He walks through the fields and meets a traveling magician. The magician immediately enchants him with his parlor tricks, and Eisenheim's eyes sparkle in awe. In his room, Eisenheim starts practicing magic. The townsfolk judges him for being different. A girl from royalty named Sophie is on horseback the day she lays her eyes on Eisenheim. She admires him not for his magic but for the person he is. They sit in the living room, and her caretakers barge in, interrupting the moment they're having. They're forbidden to interact with one another because he is a peasant, and she is from royal blood. However, the distance makes the star-crossed lovers' hearts grow fonder. At a secluded cave, they make a promise to run away together and disappear. One day, Eisenheim gives Sophie a pendant in the shape of a heart. Eisenheim meets Sophie at the hidden cave one night. They hide within the shadows as guards comes looking for her. Sophie asks him to make them disappear. He tries to, but magic fails them. They get separated that night, never to see each other again. 15 years later. Eisenheim, the now renowned magician, performs in Vienna. He borrows a handkerchief from a woman. He puts it in a box and returns it. He starts to handle an orange expertly while explaining the concept of time. He cuts it, removes its seed, and plants it in a pot. The seed starts to grow into a fruit-bearing tree before everyone's eyes. The handkerchief from before appears on stage while two butterflies carry it. The crowd showers him with applause and standing ovations. Inspector Uhl is seen among the audience, thoroughly enjoying the performance. On the streets, unfortunate children approach him. He gave them money using tricks and goes on his way. He enters a cafe and talks to his manager, Josef, about their earnings. Inspector Uhl enters the theatre and examines the stage, hoping to find out the tricks behind Eisenheim's magic. Eisenheim sees him touching his equipment and shouts for him to stop. Uhl informs them that the crown prince will be watching his performance later that night. He analyzes Eisenheim's tricks and says his secrets are safe in the hands of a fellow magician. Eisenheim entertains Uhl and even teaches him a trick. Leopold, the crown prince, enters the theatre, and the performance begins. Eisenheim asks the audience what it means to die. He asks for a volunteer, but the crowd is reluctant. Leopold stands up and points to a woman beside him. She steps onto the stage, and Eisenheim hears someone call the woman Duchess von Teschen. The title that Sophie carried. Shock is evident in Eisenheim\xe2\x80\x99s eyes as he realizes that this woman is the girl he loves. He asks if she knows him. She assures him that they haven't met before. His assistant helps her wear a robe, and they gaze at each other. He positions her, wears the hood over her head, and instructs her to do odd things. She bows to the mirror, but the image in the mirror doesn\xe2\x80\x99t bow back. Another person wearing a robe appears in the mirror and attacks the woman with a blade. Eisenheim directs a cloud of smoke; it passes through Sophie, making her briefly faint. The show ends with applause. Eisenheim enters the room where the crown prince and Sophie stay in. They greet one another, and Leopold asks if he has supernatural powers. He then tries to deduce the tricks behind the performance earlier, but Eisenheim neither says he's mistaken or correct. He invites him to perform for them at his mansion. As they leave, Eisenheim says something that only Sophie will recognize. She looks back at him, shocked. Josef and Eisenheim gossip about Sophie marrying Leopold. Josef adds on by saying Sophie's unlucky because Leopold allegedly hurts women he\xe2\x80\x99s been with. Eisenheim receives a letter the next day. He rides his carriage, and Sophie secretly enters. He greets her, and she asks why he didn't say he knew her sooner. He explains that he did that for the same reason as to why they had to go through such secretive means to meet. Until now, Sophie is yet to receive true freedom. Eisenheim congratulates her for the upcoming wedding. She thanks him and says that Leopold is intelligent, and it would make sense that they marry because their lives are so intertwined. She also says that she wished that they would see each other again, but deep down, she really wants to say that she hoped to leave with him back then. They finish their conversation, and he leaves. In her hand is the pendant he gave her. The two could not escape the watchful eyes that survey the city as Uhl reads a report about how Sophie and Eisenheim were seen talking in secret. A man confronts Eisenheim and leads them to a restaurant where Uhl eats. Uhl questions Eisenheim about his relationship with Sophie. Eisenheim tries to remove any suspicion by being honest about them being childhood friends. Uhl accepts his answer, but his doubts persist. He warns the magician of the crown prince's power and advises him to stay away from Sophie. At the royal mansion, Leopold introduces the magician to the distinguished audience. He says that what they may see tonight can seem unexplainable, but he assures that every mystery will be deciphered. Eisenheim starts the performance by drawing a picture of the emperor, who happens to be Leopold's father with just a few gestures of his hand. Leopold stands and begins to explain what just happened. He pats Eisenheim down, trying to look for gadgets but fails to do so. The crowd reacts negatively because of the prince, so he challenges the magician to perform tricks without any props. He asks for the prince\xe2\x80\x99s sword. He depicts the legend of the sword Excalibur. Like how it was set in stone, Leopold's sword stands upright on its own. The crowd is shocked, and just as how the unworthy cannot pull Excalibur, he dares anyone to take the sword. Many tries, but no one prevails. The prince steps up and cannot lift it just like the others. The audience laughs at him. He finally pulls the sword on his second try. Eisenheim deems him worthy, and the audience gives their applause. However, Leopold is far from happy. Leopold leaves the room and instructs inspector Uhl to put a stop to the magician's business. On horseback, Sophie rides to the home of Eisenheim. She comes to inform him of the prince\xe2\x80\x99s plan to run him off the city. He argues with her, saying it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter if he leaves. The tension builds up between the two, and Eisenheim suddenly kisses her. Eisenheim pins her to the wall and starts to unbutton her shirt, revealing her pendant. Magic is truly in the air that night, as he shows her that tricks aren't the only thing he's good at. During their pillow talk, they tell stories about their lives after the night they got separated. Eisenheim traveled the world while Sophie stayed sheltered. She opens up about Leopold's plans to overthrow his father. He worries about what could happen to her and suggests that she comes with him and disappear just as how they planned when they were young. However, Sophie fears that Leopold will find and kill them. Morning comes, Eisenheim sees his ravaged poster on his way to the theatre. Out of frustration, Josef berates Eisenheim for provoking the prince. He doesn't care and asks for his profits. At the bank, he retrieves all his cash. He organizes his suitcase and walks down the streets of the city. He approaches a carriage, leaves the suitcase, and gets a kiss from Sophie. A man hiding from afar witnesses all of this and reports his finding to inspector Uhl. Uhl arrives at the train station. He spies on Eisenheim and an old man talking about the plan to escape with Sophie. Uhl reports his findings to the prince. Leopold thanks him, showing no signs of anger. Sophie marches restlessly in a room, waiting for Leopold. He confronts her, being as upfront as possible with what he knows. She doesn't deny it, causing Leopold to snap at her, showing the misogynistic and narcissistic man he is. Sophie stays calm and says that she will not marry him. He slaps her and threatens to do much worse than that if she continues her behavior. With a calm face, he commands her to ready her bags for their trip to Budapest. However, she bids farewell and hurries outside. Leopold catches up to her and strikes her with his sword. She rides the horse unconscious. Eisenheim looks at his clock and realizes that Sophie is late. Morning comes, Sophie's horse walks down the street with her nowhere to be seen. A man inspects the horse and sees bloodstains. A group of people searches for the Duchess. A man sees her floating on the river, stuck in a tree. Eisenheim jumps in the river, and there in his arms is a lifeless Sophie. Uhl inspects Sophie's dead body. The doctor interrupts him, saying that he will not stand for the disrespect he's doing. As he's about to leave, the doctor informs him about a gemstone found in Sophie's pockets. Eisenheim confronts Uhl saying that they both know the prince killed Sophie. Uhl defends Leopold and says he can't have killed her since he's in Budapest. Trying not to cry, Eisenheim explains that the prince killed her because she was leaving him. However, Uhl stands his ground. He asks Eisenheim to stop accusing the prince or else he'll end up in jail. Uhl leaves the scene and continues the investigation. He arrives at the mansion and looks in the stables. He sees a shiny object under the hay but doesn't get the chance to grab it as the crown prince arrives. The prince asks Uhl if he has a suspect, remarkably hiding the fact that he killed her. Eisenheim receives news that the police have arrested the man who killed Sophie. However, he's not satisfied and still thinks Leopold killed her. Some time passed, and he buys a rundown theatre, fires his manager, and completely reimagines his shows. The day of the reopening came. A packed theatre watches as the magician sits down and stares at them intently. He gestures his hand toward a contraption. A sudden image of a man appears. A man from the audience communicates with him. The audience assumes he's dead and asks him how he got there and what he knows about the other side. He doesn't know what to say, and Eisenheim stops the show. The show starts to grow more controversial, and a cult following forms. The news reaches the crown prince, but he doesn't show any concern. He says he's a fake and commands Uhl to find out how he does his trick and arrest him. The inspector hypothesizes that he's using a projector, but it doesn't replicate the lifelike movement of the images. The show attracts more attention as the apparitions grow more realistic. Uhl and the guards take Eisenheim to his office. He asks him how he does his new trick. Eisenheim reminds the inspector that a magician never reveals his secrets. Their conversation gets interrupted by Uhl's second in command saying that he should look out the window. A group of people stands there looking menacingly. Uhl accuses Eisenheim of planning to overthrow the prince. Eisenheim says his plans are far from that. Uhl reminds him that they already caught the murderer; however, he says they both know that isn't true. Eisenheim shows himself to the crowd outside; he confesses that the apparitions are only tricks. He isn't able to bring people back from the dead and apologizes for misleading them. He pleads for them to go home, and the disappointed crowd follows. Uhl is satisfied with what happened and lets him leave. After a while, he reports to Leopold. What he did disappoints the prince; he scolds him, calling him an untrustworthy fool. The prince leaves and plans to put an end to Eisenheim personally. Wearing a disguise, he walks through the town blending in with the commonfolk. Leopold enters the theatre and sits to watch Eisenheim perform. Fittingly, the show features the image of Sophie. She gazes at Eisenheim, seeming as though she's real. The audience asks who murdered her, and Leopold sits anxiously. Sophie announces that her murder is present among the audience. Multiple voices from the crowd shout that the crown prince killed her. Luckily, they're unaware of Leopold\xe2\x80\x99s presence. Sophie vanishes, and the show ends. In the carriage, the prince remains skeptical, saying that the apparition doesn't even look like Sophie. He accuses the magician of manipulating the audience, clearly showing that he's bothered by what happened. In the next show, the prince commands that Uhl shall arrest Eisenheim to make an example out of him. Uhl meets with Eisenheim. He tells him that he doesn't want to arrest him; however, he'd have no other choice but to do so if he continues with his act. Sophie's death clearly left Eisenheim broken as he says that he's only doing this to be with her, even for a short moment. Guards surround the building. A familiar face accompanies Eisenheim. He gives Josef the right to all his assets, and he agrees without hesitation. Eisenheim sits in front of a crowd. It's completely silent as all eyes are on him. Sophie appears next to him despite the warnings of Uhl. People from the audience start accusing the crown prince of murdering her. Inspector Uhl approaches him, and guards surround the platform. He announces that he'll be arresting Eisenheim. Chaos ensues among the audience, shouting their disagreement. When Uhl tries to grab Eisenheim, his hands go through him. He has turned himself into an apparition and disappears into thin air. The guards start to look for him in every corner of the theatre, but he's nowhere to be found. They rummage through his home, and there Uhl notices a book entitled "Orange Tree." He opens it to see the sketches of Sophie's pendant. He takes another look and realizes something. He visits the barn where Sophie was murdered and finds the pendant underneath the hay. He figures out how to open it, and he sees the picture of Eisenheim from before. Beside it, he sees a gemstone. He receives Leopold's sword, and there he figures out where the gemstones belong. He meets with Leopold, and he accuses him of murdering Sophie. The prince is as arrogant as ever as he says that Uhl has no right to steal from his property. However, Uhl informs him that he has already said everything to the emperor, including Leopold's plan to overthrow him. As a final attempt to change Uhl's mind, he says that Eisenheim has tricked him and that all of this is planned by him. Uhl stands his ground, saying that there's a truth behind the magician's illusions. Feeling desperate, Leopold grabs his gun and threatens to shoot Uhl. However, he gets interrupted as he sees officers sent by the emperor approach the mansion. Leopold feels helpless and locks all the doors, hoping that this would buy him enough time to think of something. He shouts to Uhl that all his sacrifices will be for nothing, saying that he only wants the best for the nation. The banging on the doors triggers him, and with his finger on the trigger, he shoots himself. The newly promoted Uhl walks down the street, and a child approaches him; he gives him a document that explains the mechanism behind the orange tree trick. He looks around and runs after a man that's obviously in disguise. It's Eisenheim, well and alive. Uhl arrives at the train station, barely missing the magician. Uhl experiences a moment of revelation as he pieces everything together. From the beginning, Eisenheim had planned all of this, meticulously getting every detail right, ensuring the success of his plan. The gemstones he grabbed when he borrowed Leopold's sword, the old man he was talking to who happened to be the doctor that examined Sophie, and up to the faking of Sophie's death. Planting all of these ideas into Uhl's head, making him think that he got close to the truth, not realizing that the magician was a step ahead of him the entire time. Uhl can't help but laugh and clap to the unbelievable performance he became a part of. Eisenheim walks through the meadows to celebrate with Sophie as they've now fulfilled their promise to disappear together. 