welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, season two, episode four. we begin with the razor crest, still in bad shape after having been repaired poorly. mendo's in full dad mode now, having baby yoda in there, trying to fix the ship. plug the red wire into where the blue wire was, but don't let them touch ho. mendel figures it's time to visit a real repair shop back on the main planet of navarro. yes, it's our old friends, carl weathers and cara dune. car dunes been cleaning up this town as the marshall, which is, hilariously, what the guy in episode one was called, too. she's taking out all these bad guys, no gun necessary. until the very end, this was a rough bounty hunters town, then an imperial stronghold, but now it's a real nice, happy place. in fact, they've turned the imperial guy's hideout into a school. oh, baby yoda's going to class. fabiota wants some of those macaroons. and this kid's got iron willpower to say no. so baby ota pulls out some force power to, oh, snatches them up. on to business though. mando can't just get repairs and continue on with his main mission. carl weathers, of course, has a side quest for him. they've made this planet real safe, except over on the other side there is an imperial base that has not yet been abandoned. they want mando's help to blow it up real quick so the planet's free and clear. by the way, we've got a returning character. it's the funny blue fish alien. mando's first mark in season one. he's carl weather's accountant and is generally funny. so they get to the imperial base, which apparently just has a skeleton crew, but it seems like there's a lot more stormtroopers here than there should be. they make it to the reactor and force funny bluefish guy to turn it off so this place will blow. on the way out, though, they pass these creepy science tanks with experiments inside. yeah, this isn't some random outposts. it's a secret science lab. in fact, they find a message from the scientist guy who had baby yoda in season one. we get the gist of what they wanted with baby yoda, and it is exactly what you'd expect. they're trying to take his force powers and put it into new hosts. also, this transmission was recent to moff gideon, who mando thought was dead. now they know he's still alive. so there's a lot of stormtrooper blasting as they bust out of there. mando takes his jet pack, whoa, takes these guys out. the rest of the gang's pinned down, but kara doom jumps in this hover tank thing. you know, they're going off the edge. yeah. so cool. stormtroopers are coming after them on speeders. it's tough mountain biking. two of them crash right away, but then it's an epic chase scene. they smash one into the wall. then this one's about to be a hero and take them all out, but karl weathers gets him first. but they're not out of the woods yet. it's tie fighter time. pew pew pew. lasers. yeah, they're hard to hit. oh, it's looking bleak. but pew pew. who's coming to save him? it's the fully repaired razor crest. oh yeah, yeah. the razor crest is burning like a kitten again. mando with the ace pilot, moves baby yoda along for the ride. yeah, he's spinning, and boom, tie fighter's destroyed. baby oda, how you doing back there? oh, barfs up a little macaroon. i can't even amanda's not sticking around to celebrate. he figures he better get back on the main story before he's distracted by another side quest. now, afterwards, grief, cargo's making a report to our same x-wing pilot from before. now, the new republic's a good government based in the core systems, but out here on the outer rim, they'd rather rule themselves. then this guy talks to cara dune, who, of course, was a real great soldier in the rebellion. it's like, hey, why don't you join up the new republic army? but she's like, nah, i'd rather do things my own way. we learned that her home planet was alderaan, of course, the one blown up by the death star. it's like, hey, you lose anyone there? and she's like, uh, yeah, bro, i lost everyone. he leaves her a new republic badge in case she changes her mind, but for now she ignores it. but now, out in space, it's the classic star destroyer underbelly shot. turns out one of the mechanics who worked on mando's ship is an imperial spy. yeah, he planted the tracker bug on mando's ship, and now moff gideon knows where he is. it seems he's building an army of new war droids. what's that about? find out next time on the mandalorian. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you'd love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 