welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode were breaking down Mack and Deeks bogus adventure. the latest entry is packed with a lot of cool little callbacks and easter eggs. and throughout this video, we'll be discussing everything you need to know about episode 7. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you don't anything ruined it, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns on the show week by week. without further adieu, thank you for clicking this. and let's get into our breakdown. ok. so last time on shield max, parents were revealed to be chronic Holmes, having learned the real ones died, he went out to get some air and have some alone time. deke rushed out to join him, when all of a sudden, a zephyr jumped through time, leaving the pair stuck in the past. the episode opens with deke being debriefed over what happened to them all the way back in 1982. with this being an 80 century, it's very much laced with synth music, sweaters being used as scarfs. and as always, the costume and set Department knock it out the park in recapturing the hero. we join Russell, who gets a message from Sybil, aka the predictor, asking for his help. Russell is a robot inventor, and this pretty much sets up the episodes storyline. the 80s inspired title sequence pops up, and I have to say that from the off, I absolutely love this episode. I've seen it getting slightly mixed reviews, as it does sort of feel a bit fillory and a stopgap at times. but there's a lot going on here, jokes wise, which keeps the ball rolling. anyway, back with Mack and eek. the former seems really defeated by the way things turned out, and he visits his parents graves. now, we did theorize that the past may have always played out the way that we've seen it, and the agents were actually just carrying out how things were always supposed to be in our minds. this was the sort of causal loop in which the chronic comms always went back and the agents always stopped them, and they weren't actually changing history. this was exemplified by Souza, who was originally thought to be murdered. but as we discovered, the agents just took him with them. however, the fact that Mack's parents died does show that there are actual consequences, and it is possible to drastically change things. it was a great shot in the arm for me, as I do sort of feel that things have sort of been going on the tracks very much in terms of, you know, everything's just going very smoothly. so seeing these graves here and realizing that there were real consequences really hit home. it was a nice little addition that adds a lot of tension to the way that things could go in the future of the series. now, back with Russell, he builds a communicator that allows him to speak to Sybil. it turns out that, just like project insight, Sybil gave him blueprints that showed him how to build tech ahead of where humanity was. and she requests that he builds her some flesh. I kind of got a weird science vibe from this, with a nerd building a woman. but it goes beyond that in the entry, and he basically makes the robot from Rocky fall. back with Mack, he goes to work on the model car that he was going to give to his younger version. as we know, Mack is obsessed with automobiles, and throughout the series, this has helped him bond with a lot of people, namely Ghost Rider. I think he wanted to keep his younger self on the same path as his father. likely steered him towards this due to comments made last week. this doesn't really go according to plan, though, and max spirals into a depression, basically sort of becoming Thor an end game. and he sits about just making model cars and drinking beer. deke visits him several times over the months and tells him to come to a bar, saying it's urgent at the bar. deke is doing what I would have done it, which is just the plot of yesterday. and I'd be making myself famous of other people's talent. deke sings Simple Minds don't you, which was, of course, used in The Breakfast Club, and it's one of the many callbacks to eighties movies. deke has sort of been using his cover band as well a cover band, and with the rest of the group. he's trying to set these up as agents of shield there's the two twins, the Chang's. and we get an a-team rundown on the rest of the team, which contains Roxy glass, a Russian woman I think is sort of meant to be a play on Brigitte Nielsen, and a drummer who who doesn't last too long. now, basically deke one's Mac to be their leader. and they traveled back to the lighthouse, where we come face-to-face with the digital Coulson. he's take the look of Max Headroom, who was a popular figure in the 80s. people actually believed that he was artificial intelligence. so Colson taking up his look here is a nice little callback to what was simple at times. I love the way that he works throughout the episode, and it's hilarious seeing the set being wheeled around. now, in the wake of his apparent death last week, Coulson has been living life in a TV and he explains that Sybil managed to escape - and is likely building new hunters. it turns out that every time there's a power surge that strange markings appear. and these are likely linked to the chronic comms the right, - as we see, Sybil creating an army. and he killed his Russell in what was, yeah, very, very gory. I don't know what it is, but shield seems to be getting bloodier every entry. and I think this is sort of to be more akin to the kind of slasher Horrors at the time, as it seems to be referencing things like Friday the 13th. Deak shows up looking like Tom Cruise in Top Gun. and the group begin to train. this suck, but dick gives Mack a silver shotgun axe, which is, of course, the character's signature weapon. Mack doesn't want to lead anymore, but he's gonna have to get used to the idea after the Chronicles descend in the location. now, in the robots design, I got a lot of cool 80s imagery mixed together, as it sort of reminded me of Knight Rider et mixed with the Terminator and short circuit. I'm not even kidding. I think the head that they use is actually a laser that short circuit used to so it's nice that all of this is brought together. they also reference the Daleks by saying exterminate. and it's clear that a lot of thought went into the design, as it's completely packed with references. it's from this point that the episode turns into sort of man versus machine as the group face up against their evil robot enemies. there's references to walk like an Egyptian, and the arm scene from predator rambo also gets a nod to. as max suits up. and we learned that the timestream is still in the base due to Coulson blowing up the basement last week. Cybil, of course, needs this to see the past so that she can plan how to do things. and the group take Iran. we see one machine treads roll over an explosive, which i think is a nod to terminator. but things take a turn for the worse when we learned that the robots can fire laser beams. the group managed to take them out, and deke hilariously calls Mac Mac daddy, which he sadly turns down. now, whilst it does seem like they saved the day, a small robot gets away with the timestream, meaning that Sybil will be able to lead the chronic comms in the future. the group celebrate a mac and deke head to his uncle's where his younger self and brother are now living. throughout the episode, we learned that deke had been keeping an eye on them. and now, his younger self still grieves for his parents. he and his brother have become a lot closer, and he's even fixed up his uncle's car. deke convinces Mac to give his past self the model car finally. and from here we jump to the Zephyr, which we learned they've managed to use to jump backwards. once more, they show up to the lighthouse, which is where they reunite. and I'm starting to think, why didn't you go back for Enoch? you left the poor guy in the past. with Colton's hard drive, they can give him a new body. and everybody just has a great, great time. that is though, until we see that pesky robot arm with the timestream device making its way slowly across the land. it finally arrives in front of Nathaniel Malik, who, it seems, must have mastered his quake powers. and it turns out that he's been communicating with Sybil this entire time. now she says to him, I'm confident we'll make a perfect pair, which is the same thing that she said to Russel. so it is unlikely that he can trust her. he does, however, possess the quake powers, though, so if they do try and double-cross him, I can see him taking them down. I love though, that the Malik's are heavily tied in with the chronic comms. and it was nice to see him pop back up, as he's probably gonna become one of the big villains for the second half of the season, just like how his dad was for the first. now we will be talking about the trailer for next week, so if you don't anything ruin it, then I recommend that you turn off now. ABC hilariously posted the promo for this on Twitter, thinking that it was the one for episode 7, so shout outs if you manage to spoil it for yourself before they took it down. anyway, there's a couple of cool things that look like they're gonna be popping up, including Coulson's new body and the return of Jia yang, aka Daisy's mother. in case you don't know, GA Yin was an inhuman that could absorb life and remain young. over the decades, she gained a wealth of wisdom and became the leader of the Inhumans, eventually having a daughter with Calvin Johnson. GA Yin was captured by Hydra, and they killed her and chopped her up, but Calvin was able to reassemble her and thus bring her back to life. the traumatic event changed him massively. and she slowly became hateful of humanity and eventually became the leader of the afterlife, aka the Inhumans on earth. she started a war against shield, which led to her death. but it looks like things might be different this time around. I can't wait to see her and Daisy reunited, as they clearly have a lot to talk about, and maybe she will steer her away from a dock fate. we also learned that the time drive is broken, which could explain why they randomly jumped and left deacon Mack in the past. I guess time will tell. well, that pretty much wraps everything up. and this was another great entry that I hope you enjoyed our breakdown of. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the seventh episode, so make sure you comment below and let me know you enjoyed this video. then please drop a thumbs up. if you missed our analysis of the other episode, that make sure you check it out after this. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month. then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you, and is a thank you. you get access to content early. gonna come chat us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this multi-kill when the MCU and finnicky saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you've a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners can be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the set will be shipped out from then. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. Cheers. [Music]. you 