welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, the guy that's been shouting Hale Snyder for the past 20 minutes at a picture of Joss Whedon. the Batman. news has been coming thick and fast recently in the wake of the sadaqa announcement. and though it has massively overshadowed it, throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down some of the major developments that you may have missed. this video covers the fake reports that ben affleck will be replacing Robert Pattinson, the interviews by Jeffrey Wright that discussed the Batmobile, and some more penguin news that give us further hints as to what the character might be like in the film. obviously, there will be heavy Snider's here. so if you don't anything potentially snyder at about the movie, then I highly recommend that you just read now the video. make sure you sub snyder to the channel for videos like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the content. without the way. thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of Snyder. s Snyder, s Snyder. okay, so first up, I want to discuss a story that you might have seen on the internet this week, that is that Ben Affleck will be back as the Batman, and that he will be replacing Robert Pattinson in the role. this came in the wake of the positive reaction to the Justice League Snyder Cup being announced. and the story started to pick up traction after Ben Affleck posted a video staying how happy he was to see the film finally getting released. I went through as much of the Internet as I could, and the source of the story seems to stem from YouTube channel, comic book cast - who says that he saw the rumors of Robert Pattinson being fired from the Batman. you can watch the video for yourself, but apparently they've seen us everywhere, and it's all over the Internet. in the video, he said Pattinson was fired because he hasn't been working out. and Matt Reeves has gone quiet after the announcement of the snedecker because the film is getting changed quite a lot. according to the video, there's there's loads of rumors flowing about, and the main source is bro dude. trust me, I seen them again. I've been unable to find anything from before this video. so it does seem that it stems from this. I always question videos and reports like this as if there's a lot of sources on the story, then you should be able to drop at least one in the video, much in the same way that I'm using this video as a source. the comparison is made that we heard rumors about Ben Affleck quitting as The Dark Knight before it happened, and that this is the situation in Reverse, where we learn that he's coming back before he even does. now is this true? absolutely not. I obviously cannot verify this, but you don't have to be the world's greatest detective to know that something seems a bit off about this story. I'm willing to put my Batmobile collection on the fact that this is untrue, and that Warner Brothers haven't even considered firing Pattinson. they've spent hundreds of millions of dollars on casting, costuming, flying crew over to England to film, building sets and getting actors in the role, to the point that it would be the stupidest thing since Mr Freeze came out spouting ice puns to shut the project down. Ben Affleck is 47. if his movie was to be rushed into production today. by the time it was released, he would almost be 50 years old. Robert Pattinson is about to start internet a film that will likely propel his career forward massively. and it just seems ridiculous that these kind of rumors even pick up any steam when there's no sources to support them. and if you think about it for more than five seconds, it just doesn't make sense. comic book casts say that the snyder cut release has shown you can't predict the way things will go, but that was a film that had the majority of its scenes already shot, to the point that all the studio is doing is cleaning up the cgi and recording additional dialogue. this is one of the stupidest rumors i've ever heard. and if it comes true, I'll eat my bat actually that that's probably not, probably not a good idea. if his story is reporting on something that requires at least evidence, it should have more than just a Cena. bro, trust me, bro, sources, insiders inside of my imagination. so yeah, I doubt that it's true in any form. anyway, I just had to get that out the way before we get into the actual news. Jeffrey Wright has recently been doing press rounds in the wake of Westworld and, of course, to promote the upcoming film, Batman, as long as the project hasn't been completely shut down, which a Cena Pro trust me. in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, the actors say that the movie was going to be in evolution of the character. he said they're working together to create a mood, create an idea, a setting and a tone. I'll leave the full piece linked below if you want to read it. but the bit that has everyone talking is Right statement that the Batmobile will be hand-built by Bruce Wayne Wright said, I read the script for the Batmobile and I was like, yeah, that's it. Bruce Wayne created the most badass muscle car you could imagine. but it's grounded in Gotham. it's grounded in Americana. so we now know for definite that Bruce will be the one behind the design of the new car. when it was first shown to the world, many said that they thought it looked like something a mechanic would create. I think it really plays out what the film will be like. this will be a grounded Batman that, though he has a lot of resources, is still keeping himself to himself. he hasn't recruited Lucius yet. he doesn't have an arsenal of weaponry. he's basically trying to figure things out for himself and to find out what works. this design is also reflected across all of the film that we've seen so far. the bat bike, of course, looks like it's been made by one person. and the bat suit itself looks like it's been pieced together and made out of existing materials. yes, we're still on the theory that the chess pieces Joe chills gun, this could end up being the most realistic Batman that we've ever seen put to screen. and whilst Nolan's was very true to life, sometimes did stretch the imagination with the memory cloth and him breaking his back, which was fixed by someone punching it. I know it was his vertebrae. yeah, just just stop writing that comment right now. you I know he about to write it anyway. right? further, went on to have an interview with Sirius Radio. we'll play the clip in just a bit, but he basically talks about playing Gordon. notice he shuts down playing Commissioner Gordon. so it's likely that he's gonna just be Detective Gordon at this point. let's get into the clip. you play Police Commissioner Gordon in the next Batman movie with Robert Pattinson. what is you're just just, what is your take on Commissioner Gordon? well, I'll say this, I played Gordon. I'll just say that. so, yes, I played Geminoid. and my take is, well, way that I kind of explained what we're doing is that, like with any film, we're working together to create a mood, to create an idea, a, setting a tone. and that's all being led, of course, by Matt Reeves. he's created this vision for this thing that, of course, is his. is the next evolution, you know, since 1939, when these stories began, this is the next evolution of, you know, of Gotham. and so I'm working off what Matt, you know, the stage that Matt is providing, and also working off what Robert is doing. and, you know, we're trying to create something together that is, you know, that's our own, but it's also Batman. and so I think if you look at some of the images that, you know, that matt has released, and he, he would release these things on Twitter, you know, we'd be filming it, like, boom, all of a sudden, you know, my phone would start smoking. like, oh, yeah, you see, if you know, Rob in the suit, or the Batmobiles, which, like the Batmobile, the shots of that movie, which are, which, I read that description the Batmobile in the script, and I was like, yeah, that's it. and that really, in some ways, is kind of indicative that, you know, of what we're doing, and that it's, it's something that you recognize, something that super hyped up. it's like, super, a Hemi fact, that car. but it's also, yeah, of course, we took these, you know, parts and he created the most badass muscle car that you could possibly imagine. but it's grounded in Gotham. it's grounded in Americana. you know. it's something that you can relate to. and I think, you know, those are the types of elements that were really kind of driving lest it, you know, as we played within this, how do we make it gritty, real Gotham, and at the same time give it all, you know, like the, the, you know, the veneer and the, the excitement that you expect from a Batman franchise? so, yeah, lots of things in that that really speak to how grounded the movie will be and how much it will sort of take the character in a new and surprising direction that also ties in to its long and rich history. as someone who loves a more realistic Batman, to say that the god version that we get in things like Grant Morrison's run and the Justice League movie, I'm very excited to see this on screen, as I definitely feel like it's the best version of the character out there. and finally, we now know a lot more about Colin Farrell's penguin. the actor recently spoke to Good Morning America and discussed how much of a role he'll be playing in the film. initially it was thought that he, alongside the Riddler, would be tied as the main villain of the piece. however, Ferrell has walked this back slightly and said that he only has a few scenes. when discussing how lockdown had impacted the role, he said, I had only started it, and I can't wait to get back. the creation of it, the aesthetic of the character has been fun, and I'm really excited to get back and explore it. and I haven't got that much to do. I have a certain amount in the film I'm not all over it by any means, but there are a couple of tasty scenes I have in it and my creation, and I can't wait to get back. yeah, I totally feel like it's something that I have not had the opportunity to explore before. feels original and fun. but I'm only at the start of the journey, so I can't wait to get back and really get into it. so it does seem that the penguin will be more of a background character that adds to Gotham, rather than being the main villain. this may be similar to how Falcone was in Batman Begins. and whilst the scene that the character has sound tasty, I don't know if he will really have much of an effect on the overall storyline. now from this, we can take that the Riddler will indeed be the main driving force of the plot, that he will be the person that takes the center stage in all of this. I actually think this statement also sort of solidifies that penguin might be the mayor in the movie. and then he may be a politician, rather than someone that Batman goes head-to-head with. in nightclubs and on rooftops, we do know that there will be a mayoral candidate in the film known as Bela rial. so perhaps she is running in opposition to the villain. either way, there's a lot of things I look forward to. and I love picking apart the tidbits like this. and to end the video, I've actually also heard a room that definition will be replacing Robert Pattinson as the Batman. it's probably a rumor that you've seen, because I've seen it everywhere on the internet. like, dude, bro, trust me. trust me. yeah, and hit the thumbs up button. much love. anyway, if you'd now be fully up to date with all of the news on the Batman. so thanks for sticking with me until the end of the video. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and if you missed our last breakdown of the film, then that's gonna be linked at the end. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you massively appreciate it, and I said, thank you. you get access to content early. gonna come chat to us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the disc or link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty can win the Marvel phase 3, part 2 boxing. all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more of a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the set will be shipped out from lint. ever gets the price, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like in subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll say next peace. [Music] you. [Music] 