Netflix. is you is currently one of its highest view TV shows after its first season. and rightly so. the fascinating drama gives a fantastic insight into the mind of a stalker that is just so charming, he actually convinces the audience that he's the good guy. after a huge cliffhanger, viewers are naturally anxious to find out when the show's second season will air and what will happen in it. so throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the released information on it so far. there will be heavy spoilers here in regards to season 1. so if you haven't had a chance to watch it yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to you. season 1 ended with Joel murdering back after she tried to escape from his basement. book page. after framing Hill psychiatrist dr. Nicki, whom Beck had been having an affair with, it seemed like the character was in the clear. that was until his ex-girlfriend, Candace, walked back into the bookshop and said they needed to have a talk. Candace had been thought dead the entire season by viewers. so this shocked revelation felt like a real gut punch. so what do we know about season 2 so far? well, Netflix has acquired the show from lifetime, who must be kicking themselves. and this is the first season that they will be handling creatively. production is due to start mid-year, so we should expect to see it back on the platform close to Christmas. again, this season is due to be set in LA, with Joe journeying there against his better judgment. co-creator Sarah gamble recently told cosmopolitan in an interview that Joe's gone to hate it. he's not there for fun. he's in LA, not because he's been dying to live in LA, but he's there for a reason that becomes clear in the first episode. he had a lot of judgment about New Yorkers around him, and the LA people around him are 10 times worse. with Joe doing this reluctantly. I would imagine this is due to the fact that he is on the run and needs to get out of New York at some point in the season. also, the big aspect is candy is 100% back, and is no longer just a hallucination. the series will likely showcase the two lovers past and give reason to why she went AWOL. whilst back is not confirmed as returning, her two best friends are. this may tie into the investigation from peaches parents, which centers around Joe. in addition to this, I would even hazard a guess that BAC will be back in some form or another, either because she's not dead, as we never saw her body, or in the form of a hallucination, similar to Candice. Paco's mother has been confirmed to return, so it seems likely that Paco will - and this may tie into her boyfriend's murder, which Joe carried out in season one. so is there anything that you've heard about season two of you that I've missed? and are you excited for the show's return? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of season one's ending, which will be linked after this video. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 