and Sabah nur, also known as apocalypse, a powerful mutant believed to be the first of his kind, rules ancient Egypt, until he is betrayed by his worshippers who entombed him alive, his four lieutenants died preserving him. awakening in 1983, he believes humanity has lost its way without his presence. aiming to destroy and remake the world, he recruits pickpocket Ororo Munroe, who can control the weather, and upgrades her power. in East Berlin, shape-shifting mutant Raven investigates an underground Fight Club and discovers mutant champion angel, who possesses large feathered wings on his back, and Kurt Wagner, who can teleport. Raven rescues Kurt and requests black marketeer Caliban to transport him to America. apocalypse recruits caliban's enforcer, psylocke, who leads him to angel. apocalypse enhances both of their powers, transforming angel's wings into metal. Alex Summers discovers that his younger brother, Scott, is manifesting a mutation for shooting optic beams. Alex takes Scott to Professor Charles Xavier educational institute in Westchester County, New York, hoping that Xavier and Hank McCoy will teach him to control his abilities. Scott meets the telepathic and telekinetic Jean Grey, and the to develop and attraction. Raven brings Kurt to the Institute. apocalypses powers caused disturbances around the world, leading Xavier and Alex to consult with CIA agent Morra McTaggart, who has been researching the legend of apocalypse in communist Poland, the metal controlling mutant, Erik Lehnsherr, lives with his wife and their young daughter, Nina. when apocalypses resurrection causes a worldwide earthquake, he uses his powers to save a co-worker, prompting the militia to capture him. when they accidentally kill Eric's family, he retaliates by executing them. apocalypse later approaches the devastated Erik and takes him to ash wits, where Erik's power first manifested, persuaded by apocalypses philosophy, Erik's powers are enhanced, and he destroys the camp, joining apocalypse. apocalypse remotely accesses cerebro, a brainwave amplifying device, Xavier uses to locate mutants and forces the telepathic Xavier to make the global super powers launch their entire nuclear arsenals into space to prevent interference with apocalypses plan. he and his new four horsemen arrive at the mansion and kidnap Xavier. attempting to stop them, Alex accidentally causes an explosion that destroys the mansion. Peter maksimov, having realized that he is Erik's biological son, and hoping that Xavier can help to find him, arrives just in time. he uses his super speed to evacuate the students and teachers before the explosion destroys the building, but fails to save Alex, who dies in the process. Colonel William strikers forces subsequently capture Hank Raven, Peter and Maura and take them to a military facility for interrogation. Scott Jean and Kurt follow covertly and liberate their comrades using Strykers mind controlled and brainwashed experiment Weapon X whose memories Jean partially restores. at apocalypses behest, eric uses his powers to control the Earth's magnetic poles, causing destruction across the planet. apocalypse plans to transfer his consciousness into xavier body and use xavier power to enslave every person on earth. xavier secretly sends a telepathic distress call to jean and the others travel to Cairo to battle apocalypse and his horsemen. they rescue Xavier, but he loses his hair. as the process nears completion, angel is defeated, and Erik and Aurora are persuaded to turn on apocalypse. and with the help of Scott, that keep him occupied physically, while Xavier fights him telepathically. an astral plane finally who Xavier encourages Jean to unleash the full extent of her powers, incinerating apocalypse, killing him for good. while Psylocke escapes, xavier and mora rekindle their relationship. Erik and Jean help reconstruct the school, but Erik refuses Xavier offer to stay and help teach. Peter decides not to tell Erik yet that he is Erik's son. using confiscated sentinels, Hank and Raven, trained new x-men, recruits Scott, Jean, Aurora, Kurt and Peter. in a post-credits scene, men in black suits visit the Weapon X facility to retrieve data on strikers mutant research, including an x-ray and a blood sample marked Weapon X on behalf of the sx corporation. [Music], 