before we begin, let us start by saying, if you ever get a chance to acquire a somewhat silly, get quite profitable movie franchise, be sure you write a great filler movie to give the fans some hope, before you make that ridiculous storyline even worse. the stars of our movie today our Stephen Hawking's double-crossing, two-timing cheatin ball and chain. James moon, Wow, the English translation makes him sound like the name of a s share and cover artist. this badness. and some other guys in a droid you'll love, but don't get too attached, because then they all just can die play. well, story begins with generals father Galen, who is some important science guy hiding out with his family on some rural planet. farmer from will. it ain't much, but it's honest work. unlike building a giant boom boom ball that floats around unsuspecting planets while the trigger-happy son bits wait to push the big red button and blow y'all into oblivion. and might I add that at least a little girl in this movie has a history that actually connects her to her movie road duties, instead of, oh, you know, didn't it just pick up some young lady out it's crackin a imaginations in there at the last minute, being like, oh, she's the granddaughter of the evilest Foglia scatter in this story, even though they no way in hell anybody would bang their shop. hey, oh, wait, unless she was some midi-chlorian virgin birth something who the hell knows, didn't eat in the business are coming up with answers. but I digress. Olsen Critic wants Galen to come back and help build a big, boom-boom weapon. and what better way to convince him than to rob him of all he loves and holds dear? but little gen4, little star fart, is found hiding by Saul Guerrero, who's like, come with me if you want to live. sometimes later, she done got herself thrown in the pokey. I know what you thinking, but don't feel bad. he thinks you're ugly too. on this dick said it between two rocks. this handsome fellow named Cassie, and finds out the Empire's making a planet blower-upper, and that's why they rollin around the universe casually stealing everybody's crystal loot well, thanks for the info and fare-thee-well bit. and I'm just sitting here thinking, this Oh fella named Kayne is quite a questionable sexpot. over here on Jetta, we meet Bodhi, who done went and got a hips and some deep doo-doo. he's looking for Saul Guerrero, because he got himself an important message from the design of the planet blower-upper. but he's running around in the enemy's uniform, and ain't nobody got time for that. Oh, a Deadeye. Oh, whoa, Barney. oh, okay. now y'all just making up words, words that sound like brains of some probiotic yogurt that makes your bowels move on the daily. we back to the little cutie captive and that thing that thinks you ugly, too, handsome Cassie, and crashes the criminal party, and sir geoffrey chaucer says, come with me if you want to leave. Oh, handsome Cassie. and transport mr. bat - C Mon Mothra, I mean mouth man. I mean man, Martha Obama, I mean it is for disease, no matter all the medicine she tells her to find Saul Guerrero to help her find planet blower-upper building, Tapia, before she has to turn her mouth her mama. men in the planet blower-upper building, Pepe blow her up. us. did that? god, I hope so. and we meet this reprogram terminate after he got his roses. and his name is k2. but don't get too attached to him, because he just [ __ ] dies. back on, Jenna botta find Saul, who takes him to get probed in places I didn't even know existed. well, Cassie and Jim search for Saul. we meet charity and Bayes before some poop use and boom, booms and a child crying in the street, before the heroin saves it, then gets snatched up by the mama. and you for sure they gonna go full Titanic on you and have the child and the parent washed away by ice-cold water. but it looks like they cooked that pot. either that or I'm the world's greatest specimens. and this right here is why I'm moving out of my neighborhood. because when the drug dealers on my street start going at it, I know y'all don't want to see this happening to me maybe actually moved to Mexico so I can stop diego luna. and then, well, down and Saul's men throw taxes in the clink and cheered and based on some smack, and they all find Bodie, who's been so mine, he actually thinks his name adele dazeem. well, jin sees a message from her dad, who tells her disney thought they should give the unexplained flaw in the death style reason. that seems legit. but two men with the tie need you to tell you was proved their manhood by blowing up something tails those time. really. and now the rebellion post on Jetta is dead. oh oh, II do caching is like, all y'all need to stay your happiness is here. i'ma go shoot her daddy. what I didn't say? she her daddy. but of course, Cassidy can't shoot her daddy, because he's the handsome guy who has some guys in these movies, don't you people days? damn it. pew, fuse and Boom, Boom's. and Jin says goodbye to her Pepe and Atkins me style. and then she runs out of the tent and kills all the same people to end no. but she do leave him lying there, because pretty soon he gonna start stinking something funky. so she hitches. and then she choose hey Cassie, who didn't even shoot her daddy because he was too damn handsome. and she tells the Alliance council her Pappy sacrificed themselves so he could make the big black boom-boom ball vulnerable to an attack, and look how grateful they are. so they decide if [ __ ] gonna get done, then she wouldn't do to themselves. and what didn't she just hang him a few minutes ago. and now she's making googly eyes at my man, like my hair room. and he's like, no girl, I ain't no hero. I did all for the wookie. wait, what the hell is this? DISA look like something Jimmy isn't worth throw away. and from here forward, I don't explain this plot by saying one thing, if you do anything to advance this story, yo, this is grass now on the scare for Cassie. and does make that little suit look sexy. oh, there. let's again. yo, get you can die first. and what are y'all rebels always wear such dumb octets. I'm so glad your ears will stay warm. in the space equivalent of Vietnam, they're a bunch of happens. and they all died right down that [ __ ] in Vietnam, among some irrelevant English banter. I he assumed to be dead people. rebel says, the reinforcements. and all they see are people saying, help me, Forrest, help me. and cheer just sit there like Jesus, how many miss I gotta kill? oh, now y'all got somebody in there. and all of a sudden you wrote balls. and this one guy says, pull up. and the other guy says, ok, I'm just in here to scream. but the point is there's a shield and the data fields are too big to get through, and that she'll need to go to town. and they say they got a prob'ly shield. it's Probie propellant, real good. this what boat it was singing earlier, you know so well. can see me and Jenna and that bottle trying to steal the Death Star plans. here's what the fight actually sounds like in space. that's it. Lily, just skinned eyes. Nomura, gotto, mr. Roboto and Kate us always tko'ed cheer walks along to the magic button, saying, help me. false help me. and he just enjoys them. Bodhi, our tits. and then BAE's, well, he just dies, and can't stay in foster wood. should be his death. then Jim tries to get through the sphincter before it cleanses back up. then Jin runs out to reinga some satellite or something, and the bad guy say, no, I'm your father. well, he don't, but can't see an office in for certain. and his favorite piece of working. and after jitters transmitted the plans, Cassie transmits his tongue into Jin's face. well, he don't, but you about to chirp ice grass. you ain't even get no tongue. didn't get in kissing, just in. then they deliver the plans to Leia, and you know the real end. and then, no, it's not that angry hobo Luke and the spawn of Satan. and have fully my boyfriend story. and before I go, I want to say, I need help. I want to keep this channel alive. so help me. meth has helped me. I have a monetary goal I need to reach in the next few months. so please go over to my patreon and read more about that and drop a better dollar. thank you to all these folks who dropped eight dollars every month for Moses plane fall. I'm Jim of consign. that's all I know where st. John Williams? [Laughter]. 