oh, hey. didn't see you there. spider-man 4. toby maguire, sam raimi. it's a headline that will completely blow your mind if you're a fan of the web. head now, a new report from comicbookmovie.com has just dropped, stating that this film could be in the works. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the new story, whether we think it's true or not, and what i've heard behind the scenes to discuss if this has any viability or not. if this is your first time here, welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. i do videos that are a lot better than this, normally, much better produced. but with this just being a news report, i thought i'd just go through it and read it out. because, let's face it, it's the easter holidays, and who else can be bothered with that? i know you can't, and that's why you're here. now, the article starts off with sony reportedly wants sam raimi and toby maguire to reunite for spider-man 4. wow. what a headline. however, the next paragraph down kinda gives you an inkling of exactly what's going on. it says we're approaching hard to believe territory with this one. but a new report is seemingly suggesting that sony pictures is keen to reunite director sam raimi with toby maguire for a spider-man 4. question mark. never put question marks in statements. now, this is something i've actually heard going on behind the scenes, and apparently from my source, dude bro, trust me, when marvel studios were renegotiating tom holland's contract with sony, sony not only said they wanted their universe to basically collide with the mcu, but they also stated that they want to be able to go off and make their own spider-man projects featuring characters like, well, not characters, but actors like toby maguire and andrew garfield. now their introduction is apparently in spider-man, no way home. that's kind of going back and forth with there being a lot of studio denial at the moment. but i personally believe that it's happening, and this will sort of open the door to the multiverse and allow these actors to come back and finish on these projects. now, sam raimi was a big get for in the multiverse of madness, and apparently kevin feige wanted to get him because he'd help getting toby maguire, which would then create this whole multiverse thing that they could just make billions and billions of dollars from. now, the report goes on to say, in rumor mill, we share the hard to buy rumors. so, yeah, sounds sounds like they're really confident that don't come from reliable sources like the trades, but are still more believable, just than what you might find on reddit. so, yeah, kind of, kind of seems like they're, they're sort of playing the hand a bit. now, as the wait for spider-man, no way home, which has been rumored to feature an appearance by toby mcguire and doctor strange, in the multiverse of madness, which sam raimi is in the director's chair, intensifies, the rumor mill has never been hotter. has been hotter because once my mate, sharon, said that billy jenkins finger behind the bike at school. and that was a, that was a pretty hot rumor at the time, i remember that. now, the latest report is a potential bombshell that could reshape the entire future of this spider-verse. now, sony are very keen to move forward with this spider-verse. i though tom holland sort of falls under the mcu umbrella. they clearly have a lot of plans for things. if they're green lighting a madame web movie, which, yeah, if they're green lighting that, then they'll probably green light spider-man 4. now, spider-man 4 was a film that sort of went through production hell. it was originally meant to be made, um, i think it was featuring the lizard, but i haven't looked, i haven't looked up it for for quite a while. and i can imagine that if they do go forward with the lizard featuring an amazing spider-man one, that they would completely scrap that and start fresh. obviously, toby maguire is a lot older now as well. so i could kind of see them potentially tying in with no way home, and then going off and doing their own thing. now, as i've said, i have heard this rumor has a lot of weight to it, which is why i'm i'm reporting on it. and it just makes a lot of sense, business-wise. you don't bring toby mcguire back just for a cameo and set him up as spider-man to then mothball it and say, well, we're turning down all this free cash that we'd make from spider-man 4. sam raimi is obviously very, very keen to get back into doing superhero movies, otherwise he wouldn't have returned for doctor strange in the multiverse of madness. so whether this is true or not, i can see why this rumor is starting to pick up steam, as there are a lot of things that make a lot of sense. and, yeah, it just, it just all lines up. now, like always, take this with a huge grain of salt, which is one of my catchphrases, so thanks for putting that in the article. maybe even a whole box of it. oh, no, what? but giant freaking robot, who have had a few scoops out in the past, is reporting that sony picked, they've had a few scoops, some poop, some scoops. anyway, they've been, they've expressed interest in bringing back both raymond mcguire for a potential fourth entry in the spider-man series. i'm actually gonna go to giant freaking robot and see exactly what they're saying, as this is, this is quite a big rumor. and, uh, you you need to, you need to have your sources lined up here. okay, so we're at the source part of the article now. according to one of our trusted and proven inside sources called dude bro, trust me. trust me bro, sony wants toby mcguire and sam raimi to reunite for another spider-man movie. so the source that they've listed, can i trust them? no, um says it's proven. well, i don't know. that could be anyone. so again, take it with a pinch of salt, a grain of salt, as it says. and the article goes on to say, you have the presence of an adult spider-man would affect the future of both marvel studios and sony's plans is also unclear, but it could open the door for one spider-man in the mcu and one in the sumc, potentially setting the stage for showdowns with venom, morbius and others. and this kind of calls back to mobius. and you might remember in the trailer for that there was a spider-man poster which had the word murderer written across it. now a lot of people are confused, as it was the sam raimi suit from the ps4 spider-man game. and we and we were just like, maybe they don't have the rights to tom holland, and maybe this is just a cool little easter egg. now the reason that i actually heard they did that is because the mobius film is gonna sort of be in the the toby mcguire universe, where the snap hasn't happened and so on. and that is exactly why they use that artwork. now, whether that's the truth or not, we don't know. but bear in mind, michael keaton was in that trailer, and he, of course, played the vulture. so i kind of feel like they're leaving the door open to explore possible other avenues, but they haven't nailed down things a hundred percent. bear in mind, toby mcguire hasn't even been confirmed at the moment. is appearing in no way home. so whether we know this to be true or not, i don't know. personally, from what i've heard, i think he is going to be in that film. and then i think he will pop up in doctor strange too, and that'll kind of open the doors. but for the moment, i'd imagine that the studio are very much keeping their their cards close to their chest. they're spying on the web and seeing what rumors swing through the mill to see what the audience reaction is to these crap puns. now, personally, i think that this entire thing will have been discussed by sony at least at some point. you'd have to be a to think that this hasn't even crossed the minds of people in the studio, especially when they're focused on making money. and they've clearly got huge plans for spider-man going forward, because at the moment, he's sony's biggest property. i think, far from home was their first ever movie to cross the 1 billion mark. so for them to be green lighting things like, you know, madame webb, as i've said, it just seems like this would be such a no-brainer, and i can see them moving forward with it. now, this report, still a bit skeptical on it. i would wait until we find out about toby mcguire being in the film before we put too much faith into this. but i just thought i'd report on it, as it is quite a big story. now, if i had to give it a score out of 100, with a hundred being, this is definitely happening, and zero being, no way, mate, no way, then i would probably score at 65. i think it will have been discussed at some point, but i doubt very much that toby would have signed on to do multiple films. i think what's been happening behind the scenes is that they're kind of working out the contract for this initial movie, and perhaps doctor strange too. and then from there, they're going to look at whether they can bring them back in a successful way, whether the fans want it, and exactly how easy this is going to be to make. because this could be a massive, massive film for sony. and the best thing about it for them is that they wouldn't have to share revenue with marvel studios, unless, of course, they worked out clauses in their contract to say, well, we'll set up this universe and you give us like, 10 back of the money. because, you know, these these business men and these lawyers, they need matt murdock involved for that. hey, who is in spiderman? no way home? and you can bank on that anyway. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts below. sorry, this is just kind of a very basic video. um, i'm working on invincible at the moment for friday, and i'm also getting things prepared for falcon in the winter, soldier. so just kind of rushing through this, but i hope you enjoy this more personal talk towards the camera. subscribe. buttons there. like buttons there. dislike buttons there too, but don't, don't press that. and, yeah, i'll see you next time. if you want something else to watch, we've got loads of breakdowns on at the moment, including one on who the power broker might be king kong easter eggs and a lot more. so, yeah, definitely check them out after this. i mean, paul, take care. 