[Music]. danos and his followers intercept a spaceship carrying the last survivors of Asgard as they extract the space stone from the tesseract. Danno subdues Thor, overpowers Hulk and kills Loki Heimdall sends Hulk to earth using the Bifrost before being killed. Danice departs with his lieutenants and obliterates the ship. Hulk crash lands at the sanctum sanctorum in New York City, reverting to Bruce Banner. he warned Stephen strange and Wong about Thanos his plan to kill half of all life in the universe. in response, strange recruits Tony Stark, Dan OSes followers, Evan, Emma and call obsidian arrived to retrieve the time stone from strange, drawing the attention of Peter Parker, mah capture strange, but fails to take the time stone due to an enchantment. Stark and Parker pursue mah. spaceship banner contact steve rogers and wong stays behind to guard the sanctum in Edinburgh, Scotland. two of Thanos his other followers, Proxima midnight and Corvus glaive, ambush Wanda, Maximoff and vision, in order to retrieve the mine stone. in visions 4head rogers, Natasha Romanov and Sam Wilson rescue them and take shelter with James Rhodes and banner at the Avengers compound. vision offers to sacrifice himself by having Maximoff destroy the mine stone to keep Thanos from retrieving it. Rodgers suggests they travel to Wakanda, which he believes has the resources to remove the stone without destroying vision. the guardians of the galaxy respond to a distress call from the as guardianship and rescue Thor, who surmises Donal seeks the reality stone, which is in the possession of the collector. on knowhere. rocket and Groot accompany Thor to Nineveh Lear, where they and ITRI create a battle axe capable of killing Thanos. on nowhere, Peter quill, Gamora, Drax and mantis find a nose with the reality stone already in his possession. Thanos kidnaps Gamora, his adoptive daughter, who reveals the location of the soul stone to save her captive adoptive sister, nebula, from torture vanos and Gamora traveled to form near where a Red Skull, keeper of the soul stone, informs him the stone can only be retrieved by sacrificing someone he loves. danos reluctantly kills Kimora, earning the stone. nebula escapes captivity and asks the remaining guardians to meet her on Thanos destroyed homeworld Titan. Stark and Parker kill MA and rescue strange. landing on Titan, they meet quill, Drax and mantis. the group forms a plan to remove the noses Infinity Gauntlet. after uses the time stone to view millions of possible futures, seeing only one in which Danis losses. Thanos arrives, justifying his plans as necessary to ensure the survival of a universe threatened by overpopulation. the group subdues him until nebula deduces that Thanos has killed Gamora. enraged, quill attacks him, allowing Thanos to break the group's hold and overpower them. Stark is seriously wounded by Thanos, but is spared after strange surrenders the time stone to Thanos. in makanda, rogers reunites with Bucky Barnes before Thanos army invades. the Avengers, alongside T'Challa and the wakandan forces, mounted a fence, while sure he works to extract the mine stone from vision. banner, unable to transform to the Hulk, fights in Starks Hulkbuster armor, Thor rocket and group arrived to reinforce the Avengers. midnight obsidian and glaive are killed and their army is destroyed. danos arrives and, despite Maximus attempt to destroy the mine stone, removes it from visions head, killing him, though were severely wounded a nose. but Thanos activates the completed and Finley gauntlet by snapping his fingers and teleports away. half of all life across the universe disintegrates, including Bucky Barnes, T'Challa, Groot, maximov, Wilson, mantis, Drax, quill, Strange and Parker Stark and nebula remain on Titan, while banner, mbaku, McCoy, a Rhodes rocket, Rogers, Romanov and Thor are left on the wakandan battlefield. meanwhile, Thanos watches the sunrise on another planet. in a post-credits scene, Maria hill a, Nick Fury also disintegrates, though Nick Fury is able to transmit a signal. 