hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction thriller film new world order, a sequel to its 2016 film, the thinning. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in the near future, world's resources have severely depleted due to overpopulation. to combat this crisis, worldwide, all countries must cut their populations by five percent each year. in the united states, the thinning project has implemented years for that purpose. the son of texas governor, logan paul, fails his exam, purposefully. however, rather than being executed to death, he's later secretly taken to a manufacturing plant, where those failed students are told that they've been chosen by the government and given a second chance at life. in exchange, they have to manufacture high-tech products for free for those giant companies like apple and samsung. they seem to be cheered up by such good news then and rekindle their hope for life. logan meets his long-missed girlfriend, ellie, in the assembly line and enjoys a fast sex in the dormitory during the three minutes break interval. on the other side, despite the governor's attributing all his accountability to his man, he's still under a close investigation from the fbi agents. to mitigate his own controversy surrounding the thinning project, he attempts to get lana support for his campaign, who's become focus of the public for her release of the scandal. in exchange, she's offered with a high paid job and even the exemption from any execution risks for her young brother and sister. she declines, but is later brought secretly to a resistance organization who actually support another candidate with determination to overthrow the thinning project. lena is recruited to accept the governor's offer in order to earn his trust and get close to him for any confidential information, with hopes that this will help them end the thinning for good. meanwhile, lana's former classmate also conducts his investigation on the thinning project. with his suspicion over the whereabouts of those failed students dead bodies. he checks one tomb of them, but finds nothing inside. back to the manufacturing plant, logan soon finds it to be a slave labor facility where they enjoy no freedom of life, but rather the endless labor work. what's worse, ellie is even sexually molested by a bully boy who actually plays the supervisor to keep watch on other labors. logan gets in a fight with the bully boy and his men and tries to escape away with his girlfriend, but they're soon caught by the security guard, and logan gets his leg broken. several months later, as the candidates are busy with their campaigns for the president election, lana, in disguise of the governor's supporter, however, continues her support for the governor's campaign, while at the same time gains their trusts and copies their secrets. logan can't recover from his injury due to the endless molesting from the bully boy. still suffering from the pains in his broken leg, he's even forced to join the duel with a bully boy, where he takes the mere chance to ko the bully with just one deadly strike. as the investigation goes on, the classmate figures out the underground business dealings where those failed students have been turned into slave labors and sent to a secret manufacturing plant controlled by the secretary the planet, in turn, funds the presidency campaign for the governor in support of the thinning project. but on his way home in his car, a classmate almost gets suffocated to death by somebody with a bag, but he triggers the car alarm and scares the killer away, as planned by the resistance organization. lana climbs over to the secretary's office, trying to copy all the confidential information from her computer. lane is then shocked by the video footage of logan, who turns to be alive in the slave camp with all information in hand. elena sneaks out of the office before the secretary comes back, and gives it to the fbi agent, who, however, has been bought down by the secretary and tries to kill laina while elena manages to subdue the agent for a few seconds before jumping down into an apartment for life with the confidential information with nobody to trust. lena visits her classmate to copy all the confidential files from her drive to his computer. he then leaves to the local news agency for report. while he's killed by the sudden car explosion. seeing the corrupt fbi agent is coming for her, laina plans to blow up the apartment with gas, killing two gunmen. later, after a fierce battle with the agent, laina manages to push her off the staircases, causing her dead. back to the slave camp, logan convinces the laborers there to revolt and escape out from the slavery. they start up a disturbance as planned, intentionally drawing the attentions of the security guards. while during the chaos, logan finds ellie. after removing their gps trackers, they change in the staff uniform and escape outside in the middle of the texas desert. meanwhile, elena comes to the news agency with the confidential information. shocked by the breaking news, they send helicopters immediately to cover the slave plant, where they happen to catch video of logan and ali, who managed to kill the coming security guard before being brought back for safe upon seeing her crush boy at the tv station, lana rushes to kiss logan, which, however, embarrasses his girlfriend, ellie. with his rival candidate trapped in her own scandals, the governor wins the election and becomes the president. he's astonished later, however, by the news feed showing that his son's still alive, while the secretary just urges him to go for the inauguration speech and orders her men to arrest everyone who run against the governor and the thinning project. lena logan and ellie are arrested as well. in despair of the nation's politicians, they are soon intercepted by the man working for the resistance organization. he tells them that they will organize a fight against the corrupt politicians and make things back to normal. this is daniel cc movie review. bye. 