welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, the guy who was stupid enough to think that people would finally be happy after the release of the Schneider cut. if you've been keeping up with the developing story, then you know that in the wake of it, there's been a lot of posts about how Ben Affleck is replacing Robert Pattinson, the Batman is being canceled, and a lot more stupidity. I actually got into it with a Twitter account last night that was talking about how the Batman was definitely going to be canceled. and throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down why this doesn't make any sense, isn't true, and it's one of the stupidest arguments ever. I feel like at the moment we've become clickbait Busters in regards to the movie. but we're gonna be going over the main points that are saying why it's definitely being cancelled, and why, if you use your brain for more than two seconds, you'll realize it's not don't think too much, brain, you'll hit yourself. anyway, make sure you subscribe to the channel, because we do break downs like this every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you're not a sucker. without the way. thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of why the Batman isn't getting canceled. okay, so firstly, before we get into this, I'm just gonna say up top that I've blurred the person's name out who I was talking to about this. if you're that bothered about seeing who it is, then it's still on my Twitter feed. of heavy spoilers. but they did end up getting a lot of backlash. and I kind of ended the conversation by saying that I wouldn't add fuel to the fire. I don't really want someone harassed over their opinion of a movie. but yeah, this argument still needs to be talked about because it's slowly popping up everywhere. now, whilst this isn't the only person writing this stuff, as it's the only one I've interacted with, I feel like I kind of need to show my logic versus tears. this is pretty much going to be argument the video, and hopefully it's not too boring for you. now, before we get into this, I have to say that the person who made the tweets is an actor that starred in DUMBO, some amazon prime shows and more. because of this, their opinions seemingly holds a lot more weight than mine. but this is why we kind of have to shut down these rumors more because they come from a place that speaks with some authority. it's even gotten to the point that the clown crowd were wondering whether James Gunn's Suicide Squad was going to still be released after rumors of the a occurred surfaced. and yeah, this is getting beyond a joke, so we have to nip it in the bud anyway. obviously, you can make your mind up as we go through this. and if you're, if you're on their side, then I'm gonna come round and beat you up. I'll find you. I've got your IP address. so initially, Brandon Davis asked whether people would be up for seeing Ben Affleck continuing as the Dark Knight in the DCU, whilst Robert Pattinson exists in a separate universe. the person then said that they think that the Batman will be scrapped. and then this slowly started to pick up steam with a lot of other accounts jumping in and saying that they'd heard that too, that things had fallen through that haven't been reported yet. and people are just freaking out, and everybody has started losing their minds. I've included an example of this, but I know that Jezebel sits in the same camp as me, where we think that these rumors are just absolutely ridiculous. so I call this out and said that there was no way that Warner Brothers would scrap one of the biggest movies of 2021 because a movie from 2017 with some extra scenes in it, it's getting released on a streaming service. obviously, if you've been following the channel, then you'll know we report on the Schneider Kerr a lot, and we're aware that it's just more than some extra scenes and so on. but you know, you only get a certain amount of characters per tweet, so you've got to make it snappy. now, what also happens in arguments on the internet that you might have just noticed is that when someone can't actually argue the point they're trying to make, they instead take an insignificant part of your point and then blow it out of proportion in order to derail the argument. this happens with spelling mistakes. often like, I've done it, you've done it. we've all done it, so we can win an argument on Facebook. anyway, this happens a lot throughout this argument, but I'll try and keep my points at least succinct. so this guy, let's call him Joss Whedon for argument's sake, he starts talking about the Snyder Kerr rather than the fact that he talked about how Batman was being canceled because he thinks a streaming service is more important to the release of a movie. this is a dumb argument. and I followed it up by the main point that everyone seems to be forgetting in all of this. what if Warner Brothers just released them both like they're doing already? sorry, put your logic that they'd stub a movie that's past the billion mark for some HBO Mac subscriptions is way off. now what I mean by this is, it's very likely that Batman will pass the billion mark, if we look at Aquaman, Joker, Captain Marvel and more. all of which I said to him, he doesn't think that they will, just because he doesn't. but bear in mind that Batman is the highest selling comic book character of all time, even his side characters passed the billion marks these days. so if a movie is good and is well received, which, let's be real, Matt Reeves is yet to really make a bad movie, then it will probably hit it. if I'm wrong and it doesn't hit the bill, I'll eat my bat sorry that. I need to stop doing that joke. but again, this guy, let's call him Kevin foggy. foggy man's sake, he disagrees with that. I love trying to try and do his voice. the hundreds of movies didn't flawed logic, mate. don't get your hopes at high. it's about movie quality, no box-office. Captain Marvel is a great example of low quality, high box-office. so I'm not sure what they argue in there. they think that because hundreds of movies didn't pass a billion mark, that Batman can't, and that Captain Marvel is an example of a low quality movie getting a high box-office, which are the notice? does that prove my point that comic book characters do well? I don't know. so then I says, let's call me Halle Berry's Catwoman for argument's sake. I says, you're kind of changing the argument. and injecting your opinion into it to try and divert it from the fact that you think the Batman, which is mid production, will be canceled on a hunch. he then replies with me, production? um? star of film in Feb should own a modulo. I follow that up by saying, yes, filming isn't the entire production of a film, is it? you have pre-production, set building, costume design, scripting, location scouting, etc, etc. filming isn't the start of the action. that's how I sound on my head, bit bit like James, James Bond in it really. anyway, Dominic Cummings, which we'll call him for argument's sake, since they talked about the same amount of crap, tries to one-up me a bit and brings out their have have you bothered to see what I do full living? so yeah, if you work on a movie as an extra, you're definitely smarter than me for thinking that production only happens when the movie starts. filming. slow clap. I realized this wasn't going anywhere. and no matter what point I came back with, they would find the most pedantic part of the tweet and then change the argument to that they were getting a load of crap at this point, and I decided to bail, mainly so I could passively, aggressively make a video that they couldn't really respond to, up yours, Dumbo. so the point still remains, though, that Warner Brothers will not be cancelling this movie. just last week, both Colin Farrell and Jeffrey Wright were giving interviews on the project. and even if this guy here thinks it's only been in production since February, the movie has likely been worked on for at least a year. it takes time to write scripts, then do a draft, do another draft, to go through casting, set building and so on. and Warner Brothers at this point will likely have put up towards at least fifty million into the project. I would say the Snyder cut is improving, and they will not cancel the film. no matter what anyone tells you. if Pattinson gets his trilogy as predicted, then they will make, I would say, at least two billion at the box office, which is no small amount of money to throw away. whilst the Snyder coat will likely boost subscriptions to HBO max, it will not equal two billion dollars in revenue. no matter what the fan base seems to say. Warner Brothers can do both. they are doing both. nothing that they've said should make you think otherwise. both projects can come out and coexist, much in the same way that Halle Quinn's character, who is tied to the Leto version of the Joker, can come out whilst Joaquin Phoenix's exists. I hate saying Joaquin Phoenix because I always pronounce it wrong. anyway, just shut up. stop believing people whose source is dude bro. trust me, before venom joined the MCU, we saw that Spiderman was coexisting alongside him. fine. so it makes absolutely no sense. the only reason that this rumor is picking up any steam is because for some reason, the section of the Schneider Cup fanbase has got it into their heads that Ben will be coming back, and that all they need to do in order to make this happen is derail a Pattinson project. Athletic has said numerous times, and he's not going to be returning. he's told you. this isn't like the Schneider Cup where it was teased, and he's flat-out said no. also, guys, just a lesson in life. if someone says no. just take it as a no. now, in order to add more evidence to why the film isn't being cancelled, I went and checked out Kevin Smith's flat man be on podcast, which talked about the Snider cut release. Smith had a video message from Affleck in it, and also talked about the project itself and how it had come about. he said that Snider was approached by Warner Brothers last November to complete the cut, and that it's been worked on since then, but the pandemic has held it up. so why would Warner Bros do this and then also start filming the Batman if they were planning on cancelling it? it just doesn't make any sense. I know most of you already know this, but, yeah, we have to keep telling these people to stop these rumors. the Snyder cut came out because of some exceptional circumstances. firstly, Snyder's daughter committed suicide, so he had to step away from the project. the film is also the most talked about movie on Twitter and Warner Bros history, and they confirmed this to Smith. all the actors involved called out for it, and the fanbase did to. Warner Brothers wanted a big title for their streaming service that wouldn't cost the full amount of a new film. and thus the stars aligned and things went ahead. this isn't the way that things will be happening all the time, no matter how many bloggers tried to tell you that this sets a bad precedent for films going forward. we won't be getting a Josh Trank Fantastic Four cut, because, frankly, the interest isn't there, like how it is with the Snyder code. we will probably be getting the eya cut, but again, that's not a massive investment for Warner's as it's almost done. so yeah, overall, we need to start calling out these rumors before they pick up any headway, as there's no evidence for them. and in fact, the evidence points to the contrary. dude, bro, trust me, isn't a source a hunch. it isn't a hunch, no matter how movies you worked on. and it just makes no sense. anyway, we can all rest now. what's that? Karen. oh my god. what? oh my god. I'm just hearing from my sources now that Warner Brothers want to bring back Heath Ledger as the Joker, and that they're completely scrapping Joaquin Phoenix's version. I'll keep you up to date with the story, dude bro, trust me as it develops. but in the meantime, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this rumor, if you actually believe it, or if you know it's probably not true, comment below and let us know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the rumors that ben affleck is replacing Robert Pattinson is Batman. we go over why it's not the case, why you need to ignore this stuff. so is it a fun video or watch? I'll let you decide. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this month, II can win the Marvel phase 3, part 2. you box, and all you have to do is comment on a video and make sure you subscribe with notifications on. the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. but when it's going to be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the set will be shipped out from mentor gets the price, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition you the best. I'll see you next time. take care. [Music]. 