[Music], a mass killer is toying with you before he kills you. he can get in anytime he wants, and you can't scream for help or even hear when he breaks in because you're deaf and mute. he'll have his way with you, unless you can figure out how to kill him first. this one has all the odds stuck against us. i'm going to break down all the mistakes, explain what you should do and how to beat the killer in hush. [Music]. maddie here is the unluckiest woman in alabama. she lives completely alone, deep in the woods, and is very independent given that she's both deaf and mute. she's found a way to live her disabilities, but it doesn't change the fact that they make her really vulnerable, especially living in the middle of nowhere. her only neighbor pays a visit. she loved her latest book and asks about her writing process. the deaf woman explains she has a writer's brain, which lets you clearly imagine how scenario might play out. okay, this is a huge advantage to have. it helps you predict events in people's behavior. if you know what someone will do, you can survive any life-threatening situations, even against all odds. but when you're deaf and mute, you have a lot less information to work with, so she needs to be smarter and more aware than everyone else. they're interrupted by a strobe light going off in her house and run inside. it turns out she didn't predict burning dinner, but they're saved by her special fire alarm. okay, this thing is made for deaf people. it's so loud you can feel the vibrations, which is great, but there's also nothing else protecting this place. and with no fast access to hospitals or emergency services, safety protocols become really important. i would be rigging this to everything, especially a security system. i would also have motion detecting lights so it gets her attention. if wild animals or a visitor shows up. later that night, maddy's cleaning up her ruined dinner with her neighbor frantically comes banging on her kitchen window. there must be an emergency, because she's begging for help. the neighbor is suddenly shot with a crossbow bolt. a mask man appears and grabs her from behind, pulling the bolt out and stabbing her over and over. this guy is really sadistic. and the deaf woman has no idea her neighbor's being murdered only meters away. the killer sees her and knocks the window, but he's surprised when he gets no reaction. she just carries out her choice. he realizes that she must be deaf, and he's totally intrigued. the killer drags the body out of sight, but he'll be back for more, because this night just got a lot more fun for him. now even if she knew there was a killer lurking around, she would still have a disadvantage. deaf people can't communicate on 9-1-1 calls. some areas have a text to 9-1-1 service, but it's not in every state. and unless you have this old machine here to help you convert calls to text, it makes it extremely difficult for you to get help in an emergency. i definitely plan ahead by installing a panic room, and they're a lot cheaper than you think. now this woman lives in alabama, which is top 10 in most natural disasters in america. so it's not just for the paranoid. it's a practical safety feature, especially for a deaf mute living in a natural disaster zone. maddie continues working on a story, never noticing that the killer has opened the door and come inside the house. he stands directly behind her, waiting for her to turn around. when she gets a surprise call from her sister, the killer moves out of the webcam's view just before the call starts, and quietly takes her phone as he slips back out the door. he doesn't just want to kill her, he wants to look at all her nudie pics. she goes back to work, but gets interrupted by an iphone message. they're pictures of herself through the windows of her house, and all sent from her phone. this is creepy as hell. someone's come inside, taking your phone and left the door open. okay, at this point we have a momentary advantage. run upstairs, lock the door and call for help. immediately enable text-to-speech on your computer, allowing the responders to hear your words as you type. i would barricade myself in the most secure room until help comes, because confrontation plays to his strengths. she peeks outside and sees the masked man standing there with her phone. this guy is taunting her, she dashes towards the open door and locks it shut just before the killer gets there. he moves to another doorway, and she rushes over to lock that one too. he finds the front door locked as well, and continues around the house to find another way in. she runs to her computer to dial 9-1-1, but before it connects, all the power in the house goes out. now this killer is [ __ ] smart. not only did he know where the breaker was, but as he's watching her scramble, he realizes she has no access to another wi-fi network because the password would have been saved. she can't contact anyone. but that's not enough for him. he walks over to her car and pops each tire, leaving her no chance to rescue or escape. now he's forced her hand. she has to deal with the situation alone. this is getting really bad. no car, no power, no internet, no phone, no sound and no voice. but there's a huge silver lining here, because this wi-fi signal means the power in our neighbor's house is still on. and we need to get there unnoticed as soon as we can. we know the house is less than 100 meters away because that's the maximum range of a standard home router. also, the average woman can run 100 meters in under 30 seconds. so now we need a distraction big enough to guarantee us 30 seconds and loud enough to cover the sound of running through leaves. i would use that extra loud smoke detector. this will guarantee his attention, because the sound is loud enough to be heard for miles once he's near it. i'd sprint for the neighbor's house. we might find our neighbor's computer, a home phone or even a security system we can trigger to call for help. she grabs lipstick from her purse and writes a message on the window. won't tell didn't see face. boyfriend coming home. he sees it, but doesn't want to give her any excuses. he asks her if she can read lips, and she says yes. so he takes off his mask and then drops a massive truth bomb. he's not going to kill her until he's tortured enough that she begs for it. only then will he come inside to finish the job. with that, he walks away and leads her to reflect on that shocking revelation. this is horrifying, but there's some hope because he had several chances to kill her already. so while he's playing games, we have time to prepare and plan. she immediately takes the opportunity to arm herself with a kitchen knife and a hammer before moving into one of the rooms and barricading the door. she then pulls the curtains over the windows and waits. this is a good start, but it's not enough. as long as he can locate you in the house, he has every advantage. so it's time to take away his sight. i'd cover every window with cloth on the ground floor. now if he tries to come in, i'll see movement in the cloth and have a head start to attack him. she also has a hammer, so i'd start pulling scraps of wood throughout the house and try boarding up the windows. it will be easier for you to hide upstairs about detection, and harder for him to play his games. then barricade as many points of entry as possible. you can't make it a fortress, but you can level the playing field. oh, and one more thing. this is a useless pet. a dog would have been more practical. they'll always know where the killer is because they have excellent hearing and at least won't abandon you when your life's in danger. she waits for the killer to make his move and sees a shadow on the wall. slowly taking a look through the window, she's horrified to discover her dead friend's hand knocking on the window, and behind her the killer controlling her corpse. and it's all being done to torment her. horrifying as it may be, i would use this chance to strike first. i mean, look at him. he's up close, and he's not even holding a weapon. maddie here suddenly remembers that her neighbor's phone is tucked in her back pocket. she needs to get it somehow, and comes up with a plan. she grabs your car keys from the kitchen and tries to activate the thief alarm to distract them. it doesn't work, but she gave up too soon, because there was one more thing she could have done. car key fobs or short range radio transmitters, but the range can actually be extended. when the fob is placed against your head, the liquid inside your skull acts as a transmitter. this extends the range of the car key fob because the water in her head doubles the key's wavelength. she opens the door and leans out to activate the alarm and looks for the killer's position. he's going to the car, so she quickly goes searching for the phone, but it's gone. this guy is one step ahead again. the killer suddenly appears and runs with the grabber, but she slams the window on his fingers. she doesn't stop there. grabbing the hammer, she swings a sharp end right into his arm. pain isn't going to stop this guy from getting what he wants. turns out he's had the phone all along. and the weirdo even took the dead girl's earrings as a trophy. this is one sick [ __ ]. maddie catches her breath and spots a killer circling the house, waiting for him to disappear. the woman decides to take her chance to escape. she makes a break for the neighbor's house, but a boat flies past and into the tree. she runs back towards the house for cover, while the killer slowly reloads his crossbow, and she nearly avoids getting shot by another bolt. now this is another advantage we have to consider. it takes him nearly 10 seconds to reload, and we could put 35 meters between us. in that time, i would continue running to the neighbors and take my chances. there will probably be an unlocked entryway, because the neighbor came running. he wants us inside this house because he can control the situation. and if we want to beat him, we need to be less predictable. she runs back upstairs, keeping track of the killer. when the path is clear, she climbs out onto the rooftop, where she tosses the strobe light into the forest as another distraction. she makes her way down the trellis unaware that the noise alerts the killer, giving him the perfect opportunity to shoot her in the lake. really from the pain, she's able to pull the bolt out and wait for him to climb up the trellis. as he reaches the top, she takes it by surprise, yanking the crossbow out of his grasp and knocks him off the roof, giving her time to reload it. but she quickly realizes this thing is not easy to handle. now, by law, crossbows in alabama can have a hundred pounds of draw strength. but that takes some serious muscle that she doesn't have. she climbs to the window and manages to close shut just in time to escape. if this injured killer chest won't [ __ ] quit, she's safe now. but they both know it's only because he allows it. he can get in any time he wants by force. but all this wasn't for nothing, because now she has his weapon. okay, this girl is a freaking badass. she's deaf and mute, and somehow she still managed to steal this dude's weapon. if i were this guy, i'd call it quits for the night. this chick is way too much to handle. but now she's injured and bleeding, and that means she's running out of time. in the bathroom, she treats her leg wound and staunches the bleeding with a tourniquet. and it's really deep. she's going to lose mobility, which hurts her chances of her escape. there is something she can do. however, soldiers found out they were more likely to survive a potentially fatal injury if they were completely hammer drunk. and victims of penetrating injuries, like gunshot and stab wounds, showed the greatest benefit from alcohol. i'd be very tempted to start hitting the sauce pretty hard, but i'll take any excuse for that. picking out the crossbow, she tries to figure out how to reload it, and fumble several times in hopeless frustration as the killer watches through the window. and that's when someone knocks their door. this changes everything, but she has no idea because she can't hear. the killer acts like a cop shining a flashlight in his face. the man says he's the neighbor's boyfriend and is trying to figure out where everyone is. the killer lies that he responded to a call and got knocked out by a burglar. it's a brilliant play because it convinces the boyfriend to hand over his phone to call for backup. but the boyfriend begins to realize this guy doesn't look the part. he's not in uniform, he has no muscle, he's got tattoos all over and he's bleeding from a serious injury. this does not look like it was an accident. so far, the killer's been careful. but then the killer gives it away. he drops the earring that he stole from the neighbor, his girlfriend. and this guy knows something is up. he casually asks who made the call. and when he's told maddie did his deaf and mute neighbor, he knows this guy's lying to him. the killer knew she was deaf, but he didn't know she was mute. the neighbor then has an idea. he tells him that the owner of the house has a spare key hidden in the plant on the porch. the killer goes to pick it up, not noticing that the neighbor has a rock behind its back. and he's moving in. there's a tense standoff, both meant suspicious of each other. and just as he's about to knock him out cold, maddie bangs in the window. he's distracted away from the killer and gets stabbed in the throat. oh my god. can you imagine what this girl must be thinking? so close to killing him, and now it's your fault? she sure that this one up bleeding. he tries to attack him and gets cut, collapsing onto the ground. the killer takes a moment to gloat, but isn't at all prepared for another round, as the neighbor suddenly lunges back up and tackles him. this guy is seriously built different, even though he's bleeding to death, he strangles him with his last ounce of strength. maddie sees her mouth one last word to her run, and takes that as her chance to leave. she goes through the side door, but the killer is faster. he runs up and knocks her to the ground, brutally bashing her head with a rock. it looks like it's over, the killer won except she suddenly turns her bloodied head and says, you can't run. this wasn't real. this was her ryder brand kicking in, letting her imagine what would happen if she ran outside, as she was told to by the neighbor. this is a pivotal moment. i would consider all my options first, because we have a lot of them. but unfortunately, they're all [ __ ]. we won't be able to outrun him. the crossbow is too difficult to use. turning the power back on would be great, but the wires might be cut and we can get easily ambushed. or we could hide throughout the house, barricading the doors to wait it out. but there are windows in each room, and the longer we wait, the more blood we lose. with no help on the way, we'd be dead in a few hours. she's only got one option left, kill him. if we can't [ __ ] the crossbow, i'd find leverage somewhere in the house to help me draw the bowstring. then i'd perch on the roof until he's close enough to shoot. she's got two bolts, so there's a good chance we can hit him. the neighbor finally dies, and the killer gasps for air. he waits at the car and considers if he should go in. when he looks down to see the cat, he pulls out his knife and picks it up, when all of a sudden he's shot with a bolt. damn, she's got good aim. screaming in pain, he pulls it out and chases after the woman, who drops her one last bolt outside. the killer slams the door on her hand and begins stomping on it, breaking her fingers and leaving her a crying mess. but something snaps in her. clutching her mangled fingers, she begins to laugh. she gets up off the floor, stone-faced as she realizes what she has to do. the only way to kill him is to make him come inside, and he'll only do it when she begs him to kill her. she dips her finger in her own blood and writes the window, do it. coward accepting the challenge, he goes back to his car to grab a tire iron, giving her enough time to write out a physical description of the killer on her computer. he comes back, and he's done playing games. he tries to break through the glass, which is a lot tougher than it appears. she runs into the bathroom, locking the door and waits with the knife in hand. this will be her last stand. she's so focused on the door that she doesn't consider another way into the room. the killer breaks in behind her, landing in the bathtub. but he doesn't kill her yet. instead, he gloats about how she'll scream when he's done with her, and chuckles to himself, his breath on her neck, alerting her to his presence. she turns around, stabbing him with her knife, and hobbles at the door. but she's running out of time. her vision is going blurry, and she's not going to last much longer if she doesn't kill him. now, the killer makes his way out and finds her collapse on the kitchen floor, barely alive. he goes to the killing blow, ready to stab her to death. but she stuns him with a face full of wasp spray. he screams at an agony, distracted by the pain just long enough for her to grab the smoke alarm and activate it, the noise and light overwhelming him. maddie reaches for a knife, but she's too slow. as the killer kicks her senseless and begins strangling her to death. she tries to do all she can to get him off, but she's too weak to do anything except for grabbing one last weapon. he doesn't see it coming and gets his throat punctured. blood gushes out of his wound, and he finally dies, killing over dead right next to maddie, who has beaten the killer against all odds and with every disadvantage imaginable. she grabs her phone from his pocket and calls the cops. victorious, she's able to stumble out of her home and wait on the patio with her cat, the flashing lights of the police cruisers growing brighter as they arrive at her home. but what do you think? how would you beat the killer? let me know with a comment down below. thank you so much for watching. leave a like and subscribe and check out the how to be playlist for more videos like this. until next time, have a damn good day. 