[Music], only hear the title, the haunting in connecticut will we find it exciting. this movie is based on a true story. its origin was about a haunted house in connecticut, usa. if you're interested, you can find more information about it on the internet. the story took place in 1987. our main character, matt, suffered from cancer at a very young age. in order to make it more convenient, his parents rented a house closer to the hospital. to be honest, this house had an ideal location. how could the rent cost be that cheap? there must have been a problem. but because of not having much time to consider, and they weren't rich, so they agreed to rent this house. on the day moving in, some strange things happened to matt. he was awakened by some weird sound in the middle of night. slowly he walked downstairs. matt found a mirror. immediately, a bloody face appeared in the mirror. luckily, it was just a nightmare. the next day, when the mother, sarah, was cleaning the house, she found some photographs, which were definitely of the former house owner. but they looked quite weird, like pictures of dead people, which made she really frustrated. so she threw them away in the dustbin. after that, the father, peter, arrived with their daughter and son. the two kids were allowed to choose their own rooms. matt chose the basement, where there was a mysterious door, because he didn't want his miserable cough to awake his parents at midnight. sarah understood so, but she couldn't refuse that mysterious door was very difficult to open. matt looked inside in a wink. he was extremely panicked. when he turned around, he saw his mother using blood to clean the floor. but when he looked again, that was water. the plates, which were being lined up neatly on the shelf, suddenly broke for no reason. mark thought that he was hallucinating because of sickness. that's why he didn't tell it to his family. night fell, matt was awakened by some force. when he opened his eyes, there were two people talking. one of them discovered him. suddenly, matt had the same vision as that man and saw a terrifying scene. an old bearded man wearing glasses and corpses with symbols carved into their skin. what's more, the old man was cutting their eyelids, which made matt scared to awake. fortunately, that was another nightmare. but would it be true? at this time, matt discovered that the mysterious door had been opened. he walked in and stayed there the whole night. the next morning, other family members found him in the room. peter later learned that the house was supposedly a funeral home. the room behind the mysterious door was a mortuary. all equipments were still there. in the evening, the entire family gathered. they decided to continue renting the house until matt recovered. at the same time, matt started to hallucinate again. he saw a group of people gathering around, and ramsay was practicing necromancy with jonah as the medium. matt told this to his sister, but she only said that it might be a side effect of his drug. the next day, when he was in the hospital, matt encountered another patient, nicholas, who was a priest. after hearing all the things that had happened to matt, he said it wasn't illusion, but his house might be haunted. those who were on the verge of dying usually could see things that normal people couldn't. the priest gave matt a name card and said, call me if you were in trouble. along with the flow of time, the demons started to appear at matt's house more and more. that day, when the three were playing hide-and-seek, jonah appeared again at the house. he then suddenly was dragged to the room downstairs. matt chased after him. after entering the mortuary, there were many mummies inside. they could even move. they surrounded him because of fear. matt pushed them away, but then discovered that he had pushed his brother. the family thought that matt had gone crazy. feeling so helpless, matt came to nicholas. he said, those spirits followed you, but didn't harm you, which meant they wanted something from you. you should find out what they wanted. afterwards, matt suddenly found a burt figure in his room who began to approach him, holding back his fear. matt tried to ask what that person wanted. however, he didn't say anything, but shouted loudly and disappeared. but weird things didn't end. the spirit started to harass matt's family. when the younger sister was walking, her leg suddenly was stuck in the floor. for no reason. the brother was also locked in the inused crematory. after rescuing the sister, matt discovered an old box. there were numerous humans, dry eyelids and old pictures. after seeing all of them, matt was extremely shocked, because he had seen all the scenes in the pictures. they were his nightmares from earlier and true stories that had happened in the past. but for some unknown reasons, matt was allowed to see them again. in order to find out the truth, matt and his sister went to a library to find some relevant documents. the former owner of the house was ramsay aikman. he was a psychic, and jonah was his assistant. he practiced necromancy in an attempt to control the dead and bind them to the house. after that, aikman discovered a method which could increase his strength. he used jonah's body to release something called spiritual food to increase his power. but in the last step, they made a mistake, causing all the participants to die, and jonah also had disappeared. after a long time, when the highway was about to be widened, people wanted to remove the cemetery, but they found out that more than 100 corpses disappeared and was changed into sandbags. matt thought that those 100 corpses were brought away ramsay and jonah. the main cause might be related to the attempt to increase his strength. in the evening, matt and his sister came to nicholas and told him everything they knew because of being a priest. nicholas was used to these things. he told matt that those dry eyelids all belong to human aikman took advantage of those corpses to do a disgusting magic that was controlling the spirits. dead people usually closed their eyes, but when their eyelids were cut, they couldn't close their eyes. the spirits would be locked in the corpses. threw carving symbols into their skin. ramsay used these spirits to increase jonah's power in order to earn more money. those corpses might be hidden somewhere around the house. at this time, the mother got back home. she considered nicholas as a fraud and kicked him out. this movie was adapted from the haunted incident in connecticut. after matt's mother had kicked the priest out, she was awakened by a weird sound at midnight. oh my god, a corpse suddenly appeared in front of her. but when she hurdly turned on the light, there wasn't anything. at this time, the lights in the house started flashing. other devices were suddenly turned on. until now did the mother believe that the house was haunted. she hurriedly invited the priest to return. he carefully checked around the house. in the crematory, they found jonah ash. as long as they discarded that, jonah could no longer mess up with them. while the priest was collecting the ash, the bird figure from earlier approached matt. that was jonah's spirit. nicholas tried all his best to bring the ash away. the spirit also disappeared, and the house returned to normal. when nicholas brought jonah away, it wasn't the ending, but the beginning of the nightmare. not long after they had left, matt found his body covered with aikman symbols. the family hurriedly took him to the hospital where he encountered jonah again. matt wasn't any scared. he was on the verge of dying anyway. there was nothing that could scare him. he stepped towards jonah and confronted him. after that, the two began to have simultaneous visions. at first, the necromancy was very successful. but in the last step, because the power was tremendous, they couldn't control it. so there was an explosion, causing everyone in the necromancy to die, apart from jonah. but the spirit trapped jonah in the crematory and cremated him alive. after matt's family had moved in, jonah wanted to protect them, so he kept scaring them to change their mind. however, his ash was brought out of the house, which meant the spirits weren't controlled anymore. if they continued living there, it would be very dangerous. meanwhile, matt's sister almost suffocated to death while she was taking a bath. the spirits took action. they wanted to kill any living person in the house. after learning the truth, matt returned home with an axe. he forced all the people to get out. with jonah's guidance, he tore the wall in the living room, revealed the dusty corpses that aikman had hidden. the corpses began to tumble into the room. if he wanted to kill the spirits. he had to burn all these corpses. matt poured wine over the corpses and lit a fire. the corpses started to burn. but when matt was about to leave, the spirit surrounded him. they reached out. they're full of symbols, hands. the mother heard his scream and rushed in. regardless of all the prevention, she ran into the house and hid with matt under a table. the spirits turned up again to see matt the last time, and slowly disappeared. at the end of the movie, the fire department arrived in time to bring the two out. miraculously, matt's fatal illness disappeared with the spirits. someone said that the spirits had cured it for him when they reached out their hands. in my opinion, i think that the spirits wanted to thank matt for burning their corpses so that they could reincarnate. that's why they had treated matt's illness as what happened. we can say that demon has good and bad faces. they also know how to show gratitude. it's okay. this is the end of the movie. the sequel of this movie was published in 2013, which was also based on true story. if you want more videos, don't forget to follow us. many interesting movies are waiting for you. goodbye. 