welcome everyone to the second episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we will be watching the 1985 film Back to the Future, the first part of the trilogy. so let's get right to it. the film is set in Hill Valley, California, and follows a stereotypical 80s teenager named Marty McFly, played by Michael J Fox. Marty has a girlfriend named Jennifer, who isn't featured all that much in this film, but is referred to throughout the series. Marty lives at home with his family, where his father, George McFly, is constantly bullied and berated by his supervisor, v Tannen. George is a sheepish and feeble man, and vows to pretty much whatever Biff tells him to do. Marty's mom, Lorraine, as an overweight woman who seems to be more focused on the past, such as how she met George after she accidentally hit him with her car. an important feature that continues throughout the most these films is multiple actors play multiple roles depending on what year that portion of the film is taking place. we also meet Marty's friend, Emmett Brown, typically referred to as doc. doc is a scientist who's always working on some crazy and wacky experiment, and Marty seems to help out when he can. Marty, he ends up later meeting doc in a parking lot where doc shows Marty the DeLorean that he's converted into a time machine. the DeLorean utilizes a flux capacitor, which is powered by plutonium, which docks stole from a group of Libyan terrorists while running some initial tests on the vehicle. however, the Libyan terrorists show up and gunned down doc. Marty jumps into the DeLorean to avoid getting shot himself, getting up to the famous 88 miles per hour and gets sent back in time to November 5th, 1955. now in the year 1955, Marty runs into a young George McFly who is being bullied by a young Biff Tannen. after Marty saves George from Biff, Marty has to save George again from being hit by a car, which ends up knocking out Marty. instead, Marty begins to wake up and finds himself in a bedroom, and begins talking about how he had a strange dream of being sent back into the past, thinking he's being comforted by his 1985 mother instead. however, he is actually being comforted by his 1955 mother, Lorraine, who is about the same age as him and as aggressively flirting with him. marty is mortified, not only by the fact that he is being hit on by a younger version of his mom, but he also realizes that he's ruined the opportunity where his father originally met his mother. Marty eventually finds the 1955 version of Doc Brown, and Marty convinces him that he is actually from the year 1985. Marty expresses that he needs more foo tone 'i'm so he can go back to his original time. however, doc explains that getting plutonium is not a very easy task, and they decide to use the famous historical lightning strike that will hit the clock tower later this week. they will use the 1.21 gigawatts of power that comes from the Lightning in order to allow the DeLorean to travel back to the year 1985. Marty realizes, after looking at a photo, though, that him and his siblings are beginning to fade out of the picture because his parents had never met the way that they were supposed to, causing them to never fall in love and Marty to never be born. so Marty begins to work on a plan to get his parents back together so that he can be born and the events of the film can still take place and not cause a paradox. through a series of events, Marty ins of taking Loraine, his mother, to his school dance. Marty's plan was to force himself on his mother, causing her to be offended and for George to come in and save the day. however, Biff shows up, and Biff instead tries to force himself on Loraine. George punches Biff, knocking him down. and Lorena ends up going with George to the dance floor where they have their first kiss. there is then a scene where Marty plays the guitar on the dance floor. and really that doesn't have much to do with the story, but it's a relatively iconic scene. after leaving the dance Marty returns to the clock tower where the lightening is supposed to hit. doc has everything set up, and Marty tries to give doc a letter warning him about the Libyan terrorists. doc rips up the letter out of fear that knowledge will result in catastrophic outcomes. Marty decides that he would go back 10 minutes earlier in the year 1985 than he initially left in order to warn Doc. then Marty gets into the DeLorean, gets up to 88 miles per hour and travels back to 1985, where he hurries from the parking lot to try to save doc. unfortunately, however, Marty is too late, and doc is still shot. and he sees the other version of Marty take off in the other DeLorean to go back to 1955. initially, Marty runs down to doc to be with him during his last moments. and it turns out doc was actually wearing a bulletproof vest, and he had actually taped up the letter that Marty had give him. doc takes Marty back home, and then doc takes off for the year 2015 to see what the future has in store. the next morning, Marty finds that his family has drastically changed. they seem wealthier. his father, George, is a more confident man. his mom Lorraine is fit and in shape. and even Biff, who in the beginning of the film was George's superior, is almost now a servant to the McFly's. Marty meets up with his girlfriend, Jennifer, only to be interrupted by Doc, who is wearing strange and new clothing and insists that they both must get into the car, stating that there is a problem with Marty and Jennifer's kids. the film ends with one of its most famous lines. thank you for watching, and please comment below with what movie you would like me to review next 