so mama, morning star is on the loose. i never could break that woman. she wouldn't submit. they got pissed off and tossed me out of the house. and what did your mother do? she just stood there and let it happen. a couple of thousand years later, dad kicked her out too. so i did the same for her as she did for me. zilch. what are you doing here? i've been demoted. i've been reassigned to assist on cases. mom, how many? he wants to take you back to hell? and he doesn't break deals. i want what your father took from me. all right, you can stay just until i figure out what i need to do. i need to figure out where i fit in in this world. i need some space. i did make a promise. i told you that you could stay here until i figured out how to reconcile my deal with dad. and now i have you shall remain right here on earth. you were right before. we've been living in the past for too long. it's time we get a divorce. so we're so good to be roomies, right? what are you talking about? roomies? we shook on it. you made a deal to return mom to hell in exchange. chloe's life was spared. you still haven't delivered on your end of the bargain. existing in this punishment allows me to be closer to my family. if you're so concerned, why don't you just fly mum back to hell, because i can't. what if dad decides you and detective decca? i think it's gonna be fine with a short adjustment period. you mean, hello, brother, you're real. you have 24 hours, or i'll finish what i started with your detective. that's azrael's blade. you're not planning on taking mom back to hell. uriel is here. he's after chloe, or that [ __ ] you call mom? well, worry not, because uriel won't be a problem. we have a nuclear weapon because you made it so difficult. now i'm gonna take out mom and the detective. i killed him. seriously, tell me, what do you actually want? my father was a cop. he was a great cop. i really do want to help people to be honest with me about who you are. no more lies. very well. i don't care much for my dad, but you clearly care about yours. i think he would be proud of you. but this is where lucifer buried your brother. why did he do this? no, mom, not lucifer. father, if he wanted to, he could have prevented all of this from happening. what are you doing here? charlotte richards, the defense attorney. thought i'd dive into my employment. humans are dying because of you. i'm stronger than you think. we're good, right? yeah, really good. we can be there for each other as friends, even if it's about another guy. i was worried i'd never see you again. i've had patients who've revealed a new side of themselves, but not so much the actual devil. we shouldn't be here. the only place i've ever felt wanted or respected, he's here with humanity. this is my home. deal with it. never killed. joe fields killed my father. well, you think the warden did it? this man killed my father. seem attached to these creatures and i can't figure out why. i was pretty surprised when you called me. you are fairly attractive. father, you tore apart my family. i can get you whatever you want. all i want is for you to know that john decker's kid got you. you want perry to go to jail? call lucifer a liar. a liar. your father put her here, in this first path. it means chloe's not an obstacle. geez, i will get it all back. lucifer is not a liar. he is the best partner i have ever had. and i can only hope that he can count on me as much as i count on him. i know you had boris killed. and john decker, oh, such a shame. there's no evidence, right? you see, the russians, they don't like it when one of their own is taken out without permission. i didn't think you had it in you. i'm impressed. you look really familiar. have we met? 35 years ago, father, you asked me to come down here to bless a couple who was unable to have a child. you deserve someone as good as you. why are you so upset? because i just don't know if it's real stuff. the plan is simple. you kill me, i go down to hell, interrogate the professor, get the formula, and then you bring me back. the only thing that's gonna save my life is finding the antidote. this is your father's doing. chloe is his doing. he put her in your path. so none of it was real, don't i mean, how can i trust anything anyone? lucifer, you here. detectives, meet candy. morning stuff. my wife. why would i be surprised you disappeared after i almost died? i manipulated him. i pushed him too hard. i did. so it's okay to ignore her feelings, feelings that aren't real. but she doesn't know that, which is why i had to save her from you. what if i told you that the flaming sword is asriel's play, the weapon that can cut through the gates of heaven itself? we have everything we need. you 