welcome to the man of recaps. it's Luke Cage, season 1. Luke Cage starts at pops barbershop. it's a grand old place. pops a nice, old man. and looks there. so we've been a broom. see his old, dead wife, Reba, somehow, is related to pop, so their fam. Luke's got to pay rent, so he's got a second job over at Harlem's paradise. that's the hottest club, and now it's owned by Cornell Stokes. he's called cotton Milton. he's a big crime boss of Harlem. his cousin Mariah's not in on the crime game. she's legit. she's a City Councilwoman. looks just a dishwasher, but a bartender's out sick, so I asked him to fill in. he used to own a bar, of course. so he's really good at this. he meets his hottie, who's she's looking up at cotton. up though. cottonmouths doing a deal with the Puerto Ricans. it's happening tonight. he selling them a bunch of hammer tech guns from iron man to exchange for some cash. gonna be a nice, easy deal. but of course, some guys come to stick it up. it turns into a bloodbath, but the sticker uppers win. one of them doesn't have the stomach for it. he's like, we weren't supposed to shoot anyone. so one of his partner shoots him, and they get out of there with the money. so Luke in the sexy lady go home and have sexy times. turns out, though, she's detective misty Knight. she's up on the scene. she's like, I know this kid. he's a good kid. used to hang around the barbershop. kind of mouse mad. he lost the money and the guns. and then this Andy Sandberg looking guy shows up. he always wears sunglasses. they call him shades. he works her Diamondback, who's one step above cottonmouth. and he's like, look, I'm here to make sure things run smooth. you dig they find one of the other kids that took the money, and cottonmouth beats him to death. Misty's like, oh, that's another barbershop kid. cottonmouth goes to the barbershop. see, he and pop actually go way back. they used to roll together as kids, but pop left the gangster like behind years ago. anyway, they're like, though, you've seen their third friend like, he's probably the one with the rest of our money. and they're like, nah. but soon the kid shows up, and pops like, hey, you got to go to cottonmouth workout. in exchange, we'll give him the money back for the kid's life. cottonmouths like, all right, yeah, that sounds good, pops. cool. but one of his guys get the text about where the kid is. this guy takes it upon himself to go there and shoot it all up. oh, man, Pop's is supposed to be neutral, supposed to be Switzerland, you know. so they grab the money. anyway, Luke saves this kid though, and he's okay because he's bulletproof. the guy gets back, he's like, yo, Cottonelle, that took care of it for you house. I was like, what son? you broke the rules of the street. I got to throw you off this roof. this guy they call Bobby Fischer because he likes to play chess. he's like, yo, pastas broke. we need some money. Mariah's got this community center she's trying to build, but at the moment it's just like a safe for all the illegal drug money. so hoop busts in there and he knocks out all these guys. he goes full-on Darth Vader from road one. and he takes one bag of money and he leaves the rest, though, for the cops to impound. so Luke's feeding some well-earned Qian when cottonmouth shows up with a rocket launcher and blasts him. boom, explodes the whole building. this guy's crazy. Luke survives, of course. and we get a flashback to when he was in prison and had an awesome haircut. he was in Georgia at a prison called CK and the prison therapist was his ex dead wife, Reba. so this is where they met and fell in love. now, Luke's a real strong guy, and the wardens running an underground prison fighting ring, so he makes Luke fight in that. and eventually Luke gets really good and starts to like it. but then he's like, yo, there. I'm in this underground fighting ring. you got to stop it. and then shades was actually imprisoned with him, working for the warden. so they beat him all up within an inch of his life. and AXI gate, they were doing crazy experiments on these prisoners to try to heal them. and so they're going to do that on Luke. but the warning comes. he's like, nah, this guy dies. turn it up to full power. so he does, but then explosion. and it actually works. Luke is fully healed, and now he's invincible and super strong. so we punched his way out of prison. so Luke Cage punches his way out of the rubble, and everyone's like, yo. are you an invincible superhero? he's like, yeah, I am. my name is Luke Cage. that goes to cottonmouth. he's like, they'll stop what you're doing here. it's over. and it's like, no, it's not over. so they're fighting it. and then when shade sees him in action, he's like, oh, I remember you. that was Carl Lucas from the prison. and he's like, look, I've got a bullet that they called the Judas that will explode people cause it's made out of like, alien metal. problem is it's ridiculously expensive, and you're broke right now. all the guns from the deal are still in police storage. so he has his dirty cuffs. scarf get him out. but scarf shakes him down. he's like, I want more money for this. he's like, now I'm sick of his so he shoots him right up, leaves him to bleed out. but he goes any crawls to the barbershop to finally cage. now it's the superhero nurse Claire temple. she recognized Luke aid to the diner. she's like, what up you in Harlem? and I luckily she's there with him, so she can help save scars life, because he's going to testify. long story short, they get scarf to misty. unfortunately, he dies. but they do have his notebook with all the evidence in he wrote down, and that's enough to get cottonmouth arrested. oh yeah. but with scarfs dead, the evidence is pretty flimsy. so he's out. immediately, he has an argument with his cousin, Mariah, which goes back to when they were raised by momma Mable back in the day. anyway, she pushes heading up the window and decides to kill him. and shades was there to see this. he's like, what a Mariah. I'm going to teach you how to be the new crime boss of Harlem. they paid this waitress off to say that it was Luke Cage who did it. but meanwhile, there's a new player in town who smokes Luke Cage. and the bullet actually goes into a hole. it's one of those Judas bullets. that's right. this is Diamondback. she catches him later on the street. it turns out these two know each other from back in the day. it's like, yo, man, why are you doing this? we were like brothers. Niko's full Darth Vader. he's like, Luke, I am befo, brother. what? poom. shoots him, lands in the garbage truck to Darth Vader references in 1 Luke Cage, what are the chances Mariah had to sit down with the other crime bosses? but Diamondback comes to crash it. he's like, screw you. screw you guys. not you. you're cool. and what about You Mariah? should I keep you alive? and she's like, I yes, please. I could be your legitimate political connection. he's like, cool. I rule in Harlem. now. what up? Luke Cage has a garbage truck for a while, but he's okay. he's a hard guy to kill. some cops trying to take him in. he's like, sorry about this guy's boom. gotta throw him. bang. Luke makes it back to Claire. he's like, I've been shot again. she's like, alright, let's go down to Atlanta to find the doctor that did the experiment on you. we'll give him the dead in exchange for helping. and he's like, you know what? I got an idea. you're not going to like it. basically, you have to boil Luke in acid to loosen his skin enough so he could do the surgery. luckily, it works. doctors all excited about doing more experiments, but they don't want to let him do that. looks like, you know, it's true, of your computer through your barn. he does manage to salvage one of the hard drives though, so you know he'll be back. Luke and Claire make a pit stop at his home town, where he realizes his past, her father, was having an affair with the secretary, and that's why Diamondback is his actual brother. meanwhile, Diamondbacks managed to mass-produce to Judas bullets. he wants Mirada sell it to the police force, legally - so what he does, he gets a power glove and goes out and starts beating up cops as if he's Luke Cage. Mariah holds the anti Luke Cage rally, where she's talking about the need for these bullets, when misty finds diamondback, and he shoots her all. luckily, Luke Cage is back in town. he shows up right there to save her. jumps up about me worth it. the SWAT team is fully equipped with Judas bullets now, and they swarm in. diamondback gets out of there, and they think Luke's the bad guy, so they take him into custody. Misty's trying to tell him, looks the good guy, but they're like, we got to take him in anyway. so it looks like, Rick at this, I'm busting out of here. I got to go chase down Diamondback. shades is arrested, but Diamondback bails him out immediately, but then tries to kill him because he's been questioning him too much. but she's too cool to die like this. he takes these guys out, boom, finds a new pair of shades. shades, the man, shane's meet up with Mariah. he's like, look, we're going to use loop to take down Diamondback. I've got all these files that proved Diamondback framed Luke back in the day. so he'll help us in exchange for those. two go to the barbershop to set up the deal, but Misty's there, - the waitress they bribe, came clean with everything. so she's trying to arrest Mariah, but then a grenade shows up. Bulls exploded, and it's documen back shows up, wearing and down the ugliest outfit in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. it does make him bulletproof though, and super strong. so he and Luke have their final showdown. spills out onto the street. all of Harlan's watching. he's like, can I beat up Luke? but then the whole crowds like, Luke, yeah, we're on your side. so it looks like, boom, home big punch, knocked him out cold. he's alive. he's got day. you know. he's out of commission for a while, though. Missy tells everyone Luke's a good guy. now they arrest Mariah for killing her cousin. they've got the evidence on the recording, but the actual girl, she gets a text to come out and meet her. now, it's shades. he shoots and yeah, she stole Misty's phone during the explosion. ah, so Mariah, they got nothing. she gets to walk free. Luke's not under arrest in New York, but the guys from Georgia come, they're like, hey, since you've been all over the news, you're very clearly Carl Lucas, who escaped a couple years ago. you're coming with us. so he's going back to jail, but first he gets the smoochy with Claire. yeah. and we're, I in shades, are working together, and then they get to smooch. yeah. so sad about going back to prison. luckily, the file still exists in Bobby Fischer has it, so if he'll probably be out soon. and the doctor that did Luke, he's the one who's working on Diamondback. hoho. and that's how Luke Cage, season 1 comes to an end. [Music]. 