[Music], ugh. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will discuss a thriller about a young woman named cecilia who tries to run away from her boyfriend. her boyfriend is a mad scientist, who instead uses his genius invention to terrorize cecilia. can cecilia be free from her boyfriend's terror? let's see the storyline of the invisible man. the invisible man starts from a luxury house located on the edge of a cliff with waves splashing on the scenery in the distance. cecilia wakes up, and by her attitude, we can tell how scared she is. this is because tonight is the night she has been waiting to escape from her boyfriend, adrian. she got out of bed very carefully and grabbed a bottle of diazepam, a type of sleeping pill she used to put her boyfriend in a deep sleep. carefully, cecilia took her bag filled with escape supplies hidden in a hole in the wall just behind her wardrobe. then she immediately went down to adrian's super sophisticated laboratory. here we can see some black costumes on display, indicating a mysterious project. being worked on by adrian. after reaching the end of her freedom, cecilia was stopped by their dog zeus, in the garage of the house. but cecilia can only apologize for not being able to take zeus with her. even so, she tried to remove the gps necklace that adrian was wearing to him. and that's when zeus accidentally hit a luxury sports car, which immediately set the alarm. cecilia immediately climbed up the high concrete wall that boarded her mansion and the countryside beyond, arriving at the edge of the deserted street. cecilia felt even more frightened because her sister had not come. luckily, emily showed up not long and cecilia quickly got into the car, but she didn't know she dropped her diazepam bottle. emily was confused by everything that happened. before she could say anything, an angry adrian emerged from the darkness, shouting at her. he even smashed her car window until it shattered. luckily, emily quickly hit the brakes and drove away, leaving adrian alone. two weeks later, cecilia is safe and lives with her childhood best friend, james, a police officer. there was also james daughter, sydney. but being away from adrian doesn't necessarily make cecilia calm. she was so paranoid that she was too afraid to even leave the house to pick up a letter in the post box. the doorbell rang and emily came to visit with some news. it turns out that adrian was found dead by suicide. but cecilia didn't believe the news. cecilia began to tell how adrian controlled every aspect of her life, from what she wore, where she went, what she ate, including what she thought. if cecilia doesn't obey, then adrian will physically abuse her. adrian also intends to have a baby, and cecilia knows if she has a baby, she will never be separated from adrian for good. therefore, cecilia secretly took pregnancy control drugs. but cecilia realized that she couldn't just wait for the moment when adrian would find out everything. the next day, cecilia was calmer and began to venture out of the house to pick up letters in the post box. it turned out that one of the letters was addressed to her cecilia is invited to the attorney's office to discuss adrian's inheritance for cecilia. finally, cecilia and emily came to visit adrian's attorney's office. it turns out that the lawyer appointed is tom, who is adrian's younger brother. tom started reading out the will adrian left for cecilia. it's surprising because adrian left a lot of money to cecelia, but several requirements must be met by cecilia, including not being involved in criminal acts. cecilia signed an inheritance that completely changed her life. then, to repay the kindness of james and his daughter, cecilia bought james a new ladder. he also slipped a special account for sydney to continue her education, even up to the master's degree. james and sydney were so happy with cecilia's gift, and they had such a great time. but will that wonderful time last long? unfortunately no. after returning from shopping, cecilia began to feel an invisible figure who seemed to be watching her in the house. she started to become paranoid, as if she heard someone's voice nearby. but strangely, no one was there. the next day, while she was cooking and left for a moment, the knife placed on the table fell by itself, and the fire burst out and almost burned the kitchen. but all of that is only the beginning of the strange events that begin to arrive in cecelia's life. in the following days, she began to feel as if she was being watched by an invisible figure, from hearing the sound of the door opening until she saw the house's front door open by itself. outside the house, cecilia began to look suspiciously around her, without her knowing, behind her, someone could be seen breathing, but no one was seen there. so who is this invisible figure? and this is when the terror begins to emerge. first, the invisible figure began to disturb cecilia's sleep by pulling the blanket and taking some photos of cecilia while sleeping. cecilia woke up from her sleep, and she was so surprised by the shadow in front of her, which turned out to be just a clothes hanger. then when cecilia was about to pull back the blanket, she could feel if something was holding her blanket. she could even see the shadow of someone's foot stepping on and starting to walk towards her. cecilia shouted for james help and said if there was someone in her room, but they had no evidence of anyone else in the room. james tried to calm cecilia and said, if adrian was already dead, but cecilia could not let adrian continue interfering with her life even though he was gone. the next day, cecilia had a job interview, but her design portfolio suddenly disappeared from her bag, and she knew someone had moved her portfolio. she then started to feel dizzy and then lost consciousness. after going through a health check, cecilia was shocked when she was told over the phone that she had high levels of diazepam in her blood. even more surprising, cecilia finds the same bottle of diazepam she lost when she ran away from adrian. as if the bottle came back to her. cecilia went back to tom and asked him to tell adrian to stop all his terror against her, because she remembered that adrian had said that cecilia could never be separated from him. but if cecilia runs away from adrian's life, he will always find cecilia, but she won't be able to see him. adrian said he will give signs so cecilia knows if adrian is nearby. tom then showed a photo of adrian's death and said that the ashes from adrian's body were in an urn placed in his office. the next scene shows when cecilia visits her sister emily, who looks unhappy with cecilia's arrival. emily was so angry with cecilia when she read the email sent by her saying if cecilia was disgusted with her and hoped that emily would rather die. this incident confused cecilia so much that she was sure she had never sent such a rude email to her sister. to her surprise, when she came home and checked her laptop, cecilia found that the abusive email addressed to emily really came from her email. cecilia can't control her emotions and was so stressed with all the events that happened to her, as if she had been kept away from those closest to her. cecilia began to fall and cry alone. sydney went into cecilia's room and tried to make her comfortable and support her. but something unexpected happened. an invisible figure suddenly hit sydney right in the face and showed as if this was done by cecilia. james is worried about sydney's safety and thinks cecilia has lost her mind and is starting to do something out of the ordinary. cecilia repeatedly told james that all of this was adrian's doing, trying to keep her away from the people closest to her, but no one believed her. after being left alone at home, cecilia began to dare to challenge the invisible figure. finally, cecilia decided to call adrian. and what a surprise when she heard adrian's cell phone ringing at her house, to be precise, coming from the attic, using the latter she had just bought for james. cecilia climbed up to the top of her attic and called adrian one more time. how surprised he was when she found adrian's cell phone in the corner of the attic. the cell phone has a picture of her sleeping. there is also a kitchen knife that was lost when the fire spread in the kitchen. while she was cooking. she also found all her designs that were missing from her job interview bag. then the phone rang once more and a message came in saying, surprise, it's time for cecilia to start fighting back. gazing down at the stairs below, cecilia poured out a can of paint, and to her surprise, an invisible figure appeared among the piles of paint. so all of her assumptions had been true. if someone was wearing an invisible costume, who had been terrorizing her all this time continues in the kitchen, cecilia must fight an invisible figure. a fascinating battle took place between cecilia and the invisible figure. after the fierce fight, cecilia managed to escape outside the house and ordered an uber cecilia asked her uber driver to take her to adrian's super luxury house outside the city. when she arrived at adrian's house, the scene inside the house looked strange, because all the things were covered by a white cloth. but what is surprising is zeus, their pet dog, is still there and looks fresh and fit, as if he has been receiving adequate care, even though no one else is in the house, cecilia finally returned to adrian's super sophisticated lab, and she found a small secret room. by playing a small panel in the corner of the room, she uncovered the mysterious costume that adrian created. this costume consists of a small surveillance camera that can reflect objects around it, rendering the wearer invisible. so this is the secret behind adrian's invisible figure all this time. cecilia takes the costume and hides it in a secret closet where she hides her bag when she tries to escape from adrian at the film's beginning. then things turned so thrilling because she could hear the sound of footsteps coming into the room, but she couldn't see anyone. cecilia hardly bumped into the invisible figure when the sliding door opened by itself. and then she immediately ran away from the big mansion. back in her uber cecilia calls her sister emily and asks her to meet in a public place. this time, she was ready to reveal all the secrets she knew. at a chinese restaurant, cecilia meets emily. cecilia tries to tell emily what she knows. but everything turns into a deadly disaster in an instant, a knife on the dining table lifted by itself, and only a few seconds later, it slashed emily's neck and killed her on the spot, right in front of the view of everyone in the restaurant. the police came and immediately arrested cecilia. cecilia screamed as if she wasn't the culprit, but no one believed her. everyone thought she was crazy. cecilia is taken to a mental hospital and detained. the doctor then injects a sedative. before cecilia is overpowered by the drug, we can hear adrian's voice whispering surprise before she finally drifts off to sleep. when she returned to her room, the nurse told cecilia the shocking news that she was pregnant. cecilia's sure it was impossible, because she was always taking birth control pills. this is where we know one secret. adrian secretly raped cecilia at james house when he repeatedly gave her diazepam. when tom came to visit the mental hospital, a statement that shocked cecilia was made by tom. tom said that all the inheritance that should have been handed over to cecilia had to stop because cecilia had violated the agreement written in adrian's will. one of them should not be involved in a criminal crime. but tom also said something that further proves cecilia's belief that adrian was the mastermind of all this. tom gave cecilia a choice. she could change this condition and return to her old life. if cecilia would call adrian and take care of their baby, adrian will forgive all of cecilia's betrayals by running away from her and starting a new life. cecilia was so angry with everything that had happened to her, she refused to sign the letter tom handed by throwing all the papers on the floor. at that moment, cecilia quickly took a pen and hid it in the slit of her sleeve. when she returned to her room, cecilia knew that adrian was watching her and that he was always by her side. so taking the pen she had hidden, she stabbed it into her arm, intending to end his life as well as the baby she was carrying. of course, cecilia's guess was correct, because an invisible figure suddenly appeared and tried to stop her. cecilia instantly stabbed the invisible figure right into his chest. cecilia repeatedly stuck her pen until the costume malfunctioned, which began to reveal the figure behind it. when her action was seen by an officer, cecilia immediately ran away from her room. but the poor officer had to fight an invisible figure. several officers appear, and unfortunately, they have to fight the unseen adrian with so easily, adrian can take down all officers. finally, cecilia managed to escape from the hospital. turns out it was pouring rain outside, and she kept trying to catch up to adrian, who ran away in his malfunctioning costume. adrian finally showed himself and strangled cecilia. for the first time, we hear adrian's voice coming out from his costume. adrian says that he already knows how to destroy cecilia, by hurting the people she loves. then he would start by killing sydney, jane's daughter. cecilia panicked when she found out that sydney would be the next victim. she quickly called james and said that his daughter was in grave danger, and he had to go home immediately to save her. unfortunately, adrian arrived at james house first. sydney, who was fast asleep, realized that someone had entered a room, but she couldn't see anyone. she then took the pepper spray her father had given her and squirted it around her. the spray hit adrian and knocked him down. sydney ran out of her room, but she bumped into another invisible figure. it turned out that this invisible figure was different from adrian in sydney's room. luckily, her father, james, arrived just in time and had to duel the invisible figure. of course, james lost badly and almost died. cecilia arrived and sprayed a fire extinguisher all around and made the invisible figure visible. with several shots aimed at his chest, cecilia managed to knock out the invisible man. then cecilia took off the mask. she was shocked when she found out that the figure behind the costume was tom. as if convinced that tom is the perpetrator behind all the terror that has happened to her. here too, we are surprised if adrian has been locked up by tom in the basement of his house. police rushed to adrian's mansion and found adrian tied up. but cecilia knows more than anyone. cecilia knows how crazy adrian is and how he can manipulate people's minds as if all this was made by tom. and this time she knew what she had to do. she will not let adrian win in this game. if adrian can fool everyone about his death, he can obviously make up for his kidnapping. cecilia then called adrian, as tom had offered. this time, cecilia asked to meet at adrian's luxury house. adrian was so happy to see cecilia again. they decided to have dinner together. when cecilia arrives, adrian offers her to eat steak, sushi or pasta. cecilia chooses steak because she already has plans of her own. while having dinner together, cecilia repeatedly asked adrian to admit that all of this was his doing. cecilia promises that she will start her life again with adrian, but she wants to build it on trust. though secretly, cecilia was recording their conversation and james was listening from a distance. but adrian is not a gullible sociopath. he denied if he wasn't the culprit. cecilia couldn't hold her emotions. she burst into tears. then adrian approached her to comfort cecilia by saying that sometimes cecilia might feel like she is going crazy. but all of that is not a surprise in itself. adrian's words of surprise made cecilia realize that all of this was adrian's genius. adrian's goal is to make cecilia lose everything she has and will eventually come back to him. cecilia asked permission to go to the bathroom, but she already had a brilliant plan. she remembers that she once hid an invisible costume in her secret closet. cecilia knew this was the only way. meanwhile, adrian sat alone at the dining table, waiting for cecilia. then suddenly his body shook. it only took a few seconds. adrian immediately raised the knife he was holding to eat the steak, then slit his own throat, like he did to emily. cecilia appeared and pretended to be hysterical. seeing adrian's fallen body covered in blood, she called the police and made sure she was not in the spotlight of the cctv camera, then smiled broadly at adrian. turns out she was wearing adrien's invisible costume and killed him with a trick that adrian had been doing all this time. a weak woman who finally rose and managed to win this psychological game. cecilia sat at the foot of the stairs, looking at adrian's dying body, while revealing the one word that adrian always hummed, surprise. james, who had been listening from the car, immediately ran into the house. but cecilia looked relaxed when she said that adrian committed suicide by slitting his own throat. james looked into cecilia's bag, and he could see adrian's optical costume was there. but james didn't say anything, and he let cecilia go. cecilia finally walked away with pride. she won this game, and she managed to beat adrian with a trick he created himself. [Music] 