welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your captain, definition. and this video, were breaking down the third episode of Picard. our mission is to boldly go where no one has gone before and give our thoughts on the new entry, as well as what could be happening in the future. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the ins and outs of the third episodes plot, it's Easter eggs, and what we thought of it as a whole. we will be engaging with heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to catch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos and Piccard every week. and without the way, let's get into our breakdown at Picard episode 3. ok, so just a quick recap of Picard episode 2. after the death of data's door a dodge picaud made it his mission to track down her twin sister, solji. picaud wanted to set out into the stars to locate her. however, not only was he diagnosed with eremitic syndrome and Alzheimer's like disease, he was also declared unfit for space travel and grounded by Starfleet. the episode ended with us discovering that there was a Romulan mole within Starfleet. Picard had to call on an old friend to get off the planet. episode 3, the end is the beginning, is pretty much centered around this notion. and Picard exemplifies this statement in many ways. the end of his career with Starfleet was pretty much the beginning of a new direction. and this is mirrored throughout many characters. in the entry, there's a real phoenix rising from the ashes motif. in episode 3. no, it is pretty much one big info dump. I did still enjoy it. I'll say right off the bat that this is probably my least favorite of the three so far, because it seems to be dragging its heels. but you can tell that going forward, everything put in place here will pay off. the end of this episode is very much at the beginning, you could say. and yeah, you don't come here for the jokes, really, do you? anyway, we once more open with a flashback to the synthetic uprising on Mars. as we learn last week, this was carried out on first contact day, and the date was purposely picked to ruin any goodwill that the federation had towards the holiday. we did theorize at last time, something was uploaded to the Droid f8, aka fate, who started off the attack. and in the introduction, we can clearly see code being added into his programming. I did slow this down to see if there were any hidden messages in it, but unfortunately, it was just the usual camelcase lettering and semicolons and colons that come with computer based languages. so now there was no execute order from the Romulans, at least that we know about. again, to my fan theory on now, in just a bit, though, we then jumped to Starfleet headquarters 14 years ago to see Picard and one of the new characters in the episode meeting. this is Raffy, who you learn was his former first officer on the USS. parity do turbo codes. resignation, Rafi ended up losing her career - and she's carried a lot of resentment over it for the past decade and a half. the intro opens up how much the burning of Mazda stabilized the galaxy and sort of gave Starfleet the excuse to not evacuate the Romulans. in the new Canon prequel comic book, Star Trek. four card countdown, we learn that before the attack on Mars, Picard and his new ship, the Verity, were asked to evacuate 10,000 Romulans. however, upon arriving there, he and Rafi were taken hostage by the Romulan government. and they discovered that there were actually five million inhabitants on the planet that needed to be removed. they learned that the Romulans only wanted their own people taken off the world in the wave of the supernova. and of course, Picard protested this. the two defeated the evil Romulan leaders and returned to Earth with the news of the incoming disaster. this kick-started the events that led up to the show, and that should be you all fully up to speed. Starfleet, on the whole, has often been painted out as this perfect system, but Picard is really dismantling that notion. Patrick Stewart, in the run-up to the show, did say he took on the project because he believed it to be tackling the current world we live in in the wake of brexit and Donald Trump's presidency. this opening definitely hammers that home with the government being more interested about looking after themselves than being open to helping other people who may end up emigrating to earth. I don't want to get too political, because I don't believe that either side is a fully figured out but Star Trek has always tackled ideas like this, and obviously Picard would be no different. we jump to the Vasquez rocks in the present and see Picard breaking down what's happened so far in the series. just show other videos of Picard. I've got your back. Admiral Clancy is mentioned from episode 2, and it's clear that Rafi had run-ins with her as well. Rafi has pretty much stepped away from the prestige of Starfleet and now lives in the desert by herself. she still wears an army type cap, but there's very much a feeling of a self-sustained Malaysian who, rather than a government-sanctioned body. I kind of got flashbacks of Sarah Connor in Terminator 2 from her outfit. and it's very much a feeling that she's exiled herself from here. we journey back to the Borg cube and are reintroduced to Hugh. if you watch the next generation. you may remember that he was a former Borg drone that Picard and the crew met in the show. he was critically injured during the episode and taken back to the enterprise-d where he was cut off from the collective. the character never knew what it was to be like this, away from the hive. through the crew, he learned that humans did not want to be assimilated, which contradicted what he'd been told. he was given his name instead of his previous number, two, three, six, eight, and developed his own individuality. we learn that he has been working aboard the station and mentoring Sochi. Sochi is adept at talking to the nameless, and this is due to her machine abilities, which she is currently still unaware of. we learned that the Borg had been assimilating Romulans, and it is possible that she has been brought in to learn about their past and hidden mythology. sorry, sorry, I hate that word. through knowing that Romulans had a fall store traditionally in their homes, she's so able to gain entry by bypassing the false front that the mystic character puts on. we learn that they are trying to create a sort of shed religion to unite everyone. and I'll get into this later in the recap. back on earth, Picard confirms one of Raffi's conspiracy theories, that is, the Tal Shiar and Starfleet must be working together in order for the former to operate. so also here that we get confirmation of the theory that the Romulans sabotage their own rescue and allowed the attack on Mars to go ahead in order to create a false flag attack. we still don't know why this was carried out. however, it is possible that. we were told this last week by Clancy. be cast your mind back. klancy did tell Picard that there were 14 systems thinking of leaving the Federation. this was over the refugee crisis, due to the effort they would have to put in into rest the Romulans. we do know this synth uprising gave them the perfect excuse not to help the Romulans, and thus they remained. we didn't hear anything extra after this conversation about the systems leaving, so it's a safe bet to assume that they stayed. we do know that the Romulans hate synthetics, and perhaps they hacked into them in order to make the rest of the galaxy join them in banning the androids. the fact that their planet was on the brink of destruction during this would give them the perfect alibi. and personally, I believe that's what happened. before we get into the rest of the video, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of dr. sleep to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Picard in the comments section below. the winner, it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of February, and the Celt be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. anyway, Picard finally has a ship, and he meets captain Rios, who seems a bit messed up. Rios has a hologram that is sort of the voice in his head. I don't know. I don't know why he doesn't just have him out there getting stabbed and said, maybe maybe he can't leave the ship or something. obvious. yeah, I'm Captain Obvious over here. anyway, Picard sees that Rios is reading the tragic sense of life. this is a philosophical book and has gained a lot of prominence of the heirs and is seen as one of the knowledge bases of civilization. and due to its importance, the book states that if one were to live in eternal life, then life itself would become meaningless. thus death gives us purpose. this could be mirrored in Picard, who, as we know, is living on borrowed time. I guess you could say learning that his life was about to end gave it a new beginning. the like buttons right there. thank you very much. similar to Picard, Rios has been cast aside by Starfleet and forgotten about. however, old habits die hard, and Rios clearly has a difficulty leaving it all behind, and still keeps everything in order. Rios clearly admired the captain, but after the death of his own several years prior, he doesn't want to potentially lead to another one going off into the great beyond. Picard gives a really touching monologue on Chateau Picard and realizes that he never belonged there. it's amongst the cosmos. that is his home. the Jaguar show up looking to assassinate. but luckily for him, they're no match for a guy pushing 80 and his mates. dr. Agnes to shows up out of the blue to save them. and is possible that she was aware of this attack and put in as a plant by the Federation? we do see Commodore owl from last time talking to her at one point in the episode, so this is definitely possible. though she divulges all of this to Picard. it could be a double bluff to win his trust, though I do think she would switch sides eventually. she join him, should it come down to it. that's my theory on the character's true intentions. here, the Romulan mystic remembers Shoji from tomorrow and says that they've met before. we learned that she was on the last ship ever assimilated by the cube, but something went wrong. now it could be possible that Rhonda did not meet solji, but rather dodge. the episode ends with us learning that dodge and so she have been labeled as destroyers, and that the jack roush disintegrates upon uttering this. it's possible that, due to Shoji being the meld between synthetics and organics that she is seen as the destruction of pure life in the galaxy. obviously, the Romulans hate synthetics, so they would see this as being a destroyer of their way of life. that's just my theory, but make sure you leave yours below. Shoji speaks to a mother who is clearly a Romulan hologram, and she tells her that dodge is okay. the Romulans have clearly manipulated this entire thing. and we see the bad boys, sister and brother, team up, meet up at the end. also, is it just me that finds it funny that you can sneak in as Star Fleet by trimming your eyebrows and changing years? no, I'm just me. anyway, it's clear that the easy way is wearing thin, and that they will be more forceful soon. so hopefully we will get their endgame before too long. the episode ends with Picard and the group heading to free cloud to track down Bruce Maddox. Raffy has discovered this, and it is possible that this could be where the nest of synthetics. all we did hear last episode that there was a secret location of synths. and with Maddox heading out into the galaxy to create a new data it is possible that this is the location. the episode ends with Picard saying, engage and the next generation theme playing. and yeah, I did get a bit teary-eyed and some goosebumps. and then nostalgia, it always gets to you. those were the days. clearly, they are recruiting new members of the team next time. no, I did feel like this episode was a bit slower. I am still fully on board with it. I'm surprised Picard is getting as much hate as it is, because I'm massively enjoying it. and hey, hopefully you're liking the recaps too. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, so let me know in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown from last week. if you missed it. we've now analyzed the first three episode, so if you want to quit catch up or missed anything, then that's the playlist to watch. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. you get access to content early, and can also suggest new videos and breakdowns, and we massively appreciate it. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the news on the channel. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you 