hi. so since I'm always explaining things, I figured I would give you guys a chance to, every once in a while, educate me and let you explain. this is actually a reboot, if you will, of a series that was on the A to Z show, where you guys would respond to a Twitter question, and I would go through some of the best ones. and it might be something that I'll do here monthly, maybe bi-weekly, depending on if you guys really dig it. but the breakdown for this video was everything I missed in infinity war. but I'll let you explain a few mixed review says this part, which represents the second coming of Christ and also makes us question the read. I'm already regretting this the more singing along to rubber band man in the Guardians intro scene, showing how much he's grown since the first film. honestly, that's, that's one of the biggest things that the more that you notice the little nuances that a team like the Guardians has, the more that their deaths or their ashing actually makes a really big difference. Black Panthers saying, this is no place to die, and then dying in that place, probably the opening seconds of the movie no music over the Marvel logo, just a distress call, people screaming carnage from the very start. really chilling. I have to say that a lot of people came into this. I remember seeing this movie and there was a little girl sitting in front, and the movie ended, and she literally started and dad and said, what the heck's your problem? I'm a child. why you taking me to this? after having to kill her love and then watch and be brought back to life, then murdered again. Scarlet Witch looks almost relieved to be dust down. she literally saw her boo died twice. the look spider-man gives when star-lord gives his description of Thor, you know, Thor, yeah, tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving. how when Squidward and the big dude come to New York on their doughnut and there is this one take shot of Tony walking out to the street and seeing it probably having PTSD of Loki coming in Avengers. and I was like, wow, that's a dope shot from the Russos. when Iron Man and Doctor Strange meet each other for the first time, and it's like looking in the mirror, 100%. but I'm choosing Iron Man over Doctor. Strange every day Tony feeling really embarrassed in front of the Wizards when Bruce turned out to be no can you imagine that? like, you show up and you think you're this big hotshot here for the Avengers, and then, like, the Hulk is suffering from erectile Hulk's function like that. sad Rex. most people will miss him because he's virtually, it's virtually invisible. the ability and black panther sprinting ahead of the entire army during the first charge. true leadership, right there. I have to agree with that. Lee, look at these guys. anybody else? usually got the king chillin in the back, just waiting for everything to be done. this guy's over here, coming in first. risin the original Avengers theme only plays when an original Avenger enters the scene. I you in caps that side of the shadows, when Thor comes to Wakanda. they don't use a theme for much of anything else. so it reminds the audience of the first Avengers film. that's pretty dope. [Music]. Dan'l's killing Gomorrah. it really sent to the fact that Daniels isn't a traditional Marvel villain before he'd be given the I'm right, you're blind speech we've heard before. but in that moment, I truly believed his pain, determination and love. I know that the show kind of sucks, but in The Walking Dead, you got this guy right here. I'm already forgetting his name, negan. vegan was great in the comics because he comes in, he just lays down the law. I don't know how the adaptation worked, but it's that idea that when you first see a villain, they have to do something that really stands out. and brought killing his stepdaughter dust it up. John says that star-lord did nothing wrong. proffer it. like everyone keeps forgetting that. at the end of guardians - he did this so for it's like when he finds out that his father-in-law technically took it. actually, that's the craziest part. he tried punching his father-in-law when Thor stabbed Standells in the chest. and Thanos dramatically looks over and says, you should have aim for the head. straight up. and I was listening to Drake, there was a big, long one that was sent to me that says, panels ended a short battle with cap with a punch to the back of the head. many wondering how cap recovered in mere seconds from the punch that even took out the Hulk. and the most logical explanation is he didn't. as Standells used the time stone to bring vision back. the surroundings also reverted. Natasha was no longer trapped under pillars of stone. Bruce was no longer fused to rock, and cap showed no signs of issue. so technically, that will saved Captain America after killing him. I was also sent this about Peter's death. it's foreshadowed at the start of the alien invasion when we see the hairs on Peters arm standing up, indicating his spider sense is active. thus when Thanos death spell hits him, Peter tells stark, he feels funny, which is surely his spider sense tingling for the final time before he dies in the arms of his father figure. [Music], when the guardians are arriving to Thor's wreck ship, and quill says, all right, this might be dangerous, so let's put on our mean faces. and mantas makes a mean face. in the background. Bucky's last words being Steve. so technically, this man with yo, the love story is real. fruit didn't really need to go to nidavellir, but rocket takes him anyway to keep him close. because, like Kuo says, that's where Thanos isn't thereby furthering his father-son relationship with GRU that's a fact. in fact, one of the final ones is this one right here that completely blew me away, that James Gunn revealed that Groot says, dad to rocket when he fades away. makes me cry every time. damn. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. if there's anything I missed, definitely let me know down below, or go follow at the ATC show on Twitter if you want to see kind of more videos like this. it's not gonna stop all the other let me explain that we do, but I know a lot of people like to have that sort of like interaction. give you guys a chance to explain, since I'm always doing the explaining. and if you want to be in a video, definitely just go file the A to Z show, and I'll be doing more questions. I actually have one on eighth grade, in the cringe that I've had for a bit, that'll come out. but, yeah, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll let you explain. 