hello. what's going on, guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm going to show you a science fiction film, the Planet of the Apes in the deep space, where a spaceship finishes its 18-month long journey and heads back to earth. but instead, it crashes into a lake on an unknown planet. after a Lightspeed voyage, Tiller and his other two crew wake up from deep hibernation and escape out of their space capsule. soon after they land, marked the soil with the national flag of the United States, they discover the planet has been inhabited with some kind of intelligent creatures who are mutant, but look like the primitive humans on earth. Taylor thinks that humans from Earth can easily rule over this planet of such primitive creatures. as soon as Taylor finishes his joke, there comes a group of ape-like soldiers on their horses, with guns in hand. they launch their attack, kill and catch many of those wild tribe. one astronaut is hit dead, unfortunately. while during the chaos, Taylor is shot in the throat. he's then captured and taken to the ape city, where he wakes up finding himself in prison and the Apes that can communicate each other in English. those primitive humans are kept by the ape kind for research. the difference of Taylor's clothes interests an ape psychologist, who pays special attention to Taylor and places him with a female primitive who can speak human language. however, Taylor's throat injury renders him temporarily unable to speak. he instead grabs the pen and paper from the ape psychologist and shows her his real name. the psychologist feels so shocked that she brings Taylor to her home for further research with her husband. Taylor tells them in writing where he comes from and why he's confined here. but it's doubted by the ape husband, because no one can survive the Forbidden Zone that Taylor has been to. instead, the psychologist makes her challenge that Taylor's show-up can at least prove their earlier speculation that Apes might have been evolved from humans, whose civilization may exist far earlier than the ape but collapsed down later due to some unknown reasons. at the same time, then a doctor breaks inside and takes Taylor away, intending to cut open his brain for surgery. Taylor overwhelms the security guard and tries to escape out, but he soon recaptured in a giant net, where he suddenly regains his speaking abilities. he shouts out loud, much to the shock of the onlookers. Taylor's then brought to a hearing to determine his origins. he insists to claim that he came from another galaxy. but no one believes his [ __ ]. so he mentions is another fellow astronaut can help prove what he said. later, they find Taylor's fellow astronaut, who's been subjected to a lobotomy that has rendered him idiotic and unable to speak. back to the hearing, believing Taylor to be of a human tribe, the psychologist couple proposes to go check some remnants of human civilization in the Forbidden Zone. however, they're rejected and sentenced to prison for profaning the Bible of the eighth kind. after the hearing, the ape doctor threatens Taylor and seems to overreact on the Forbidden Zone, which makes Taylor notice some big secrets must be hidden there. later that night, with help from the ape psychologists nephew, Taylor and the girl are free out of the prison and taken to the Forbidden Zone, a tattoo region, outside the ape city. they come all the way to the zone before they enter a big cave for searching remnants. inside, the doctor and his soldiers come chasing and intercept them. Taylor holds them off, while threatening to shoot the ape doctor has two agrees to enter the cave where they find some technical evidence proving human civilization does exist far earlier in advance than the ape do. everyone surprised. the ape doctor admits to Taylor that he always knew of the ancient, advanced human civilization, which ruled over the eight kind in the past, but the greedy mankind destroyed each other and turned the planet to hell. despite being aware of some situations here similar with those on earth, Taylor nonetheless thinks it best to search for more answers, so he takes the girl up exploring along the shoreline, where he finally discovers the remains of the Statue of Liberty, revealing that this alien planet is actually the earth. long after a nuclear war, Taylor falls to his knees in despair and condemns humanity for destroying the whole human world. this is Daniel CC movie review. bye 