welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and after an unbelievable month of back-and-forth announcements, spider-man is officially back in the MCU, with the news breaking worldwide that Sony and Disney have come to an agreement. thank God. now today the two companies announced that Kevin Feige will produce a third film in the spider-man Homecoming series that will start Tom Holland as the titular character. this is coming from official sources like variety, deadline, comic book movie calm. and the news is a cause for a huge celebration. the rumor mill over the last couple of weeks has been ramping that the two companies have been close to a deal. but we finally know that spider-man will be back in the MCU at Marvel Studios. we even had it look like Kevin Feige was moving to star wars yesterday. and in my opinion, I do the conclusion that this was the reason that Sony wished to part ways. I did do an opinion video on it, and, hey, it looks like I was wrong. I did say I'd be wrong, 110 percent, probably. so yeah, I was. but it's really good to hear that the webhead is now back in safe hands. the new deal, which was signed last night, has seen that Disney will receive roughly 25 percent of profits, as opposed to the prior five percent that they received. Disney will retain merchandising rights, and spider-man will also be available to appear in other films in the MCU. the next spider-man film is scheduled for a release on July 16 2021. and Amy Pascal will produce the film, as she did with the prior two movies. Kevin Feige said today, I am thrilled that Spidey's journey in the MCU will continue, and I and all of us at Marvel Studios are very excited that we get to keep working on it. as spider-man is a powerful icon and hero whose stories crossed all ages and audiences around the globe. he also happens to be the only hero with the super power to cross cinematic universes. so as Sony continues to develop their own spider-verse, you never know what surprises the future might hold. now this definitely sounds like venom is gonna be in the universe as well as the Madame web movie that was announced yesterday. I did a full breakdown of the coming Sony's late yesterday, so definitely make sure you check that out after this if you want to know more. now, whilst it did say that spider-man wouldn't be at Disney in that video, I did theorize that he would still be connected to the MCU. but I'm glad everything's under the same umbrella now. Kevin Feige, yesterday, was also announced to be moving to Star Wars and developing a film there. however, it looks like the studio head will also be heading up the far from home sequel. obviously, I'm ecstatic over the news, and have pretty much been riding firmly in the camp that they will come to an agreement, even though things have looked really bleak over the past couple of weeks. I just want to give you a huge thank you to everyone who stuck with the channel and all of the numerous updates. I've had several sources telling me that things are closed. throughout the past month, many people have called me a liar. download my videos, and it got to a point where even I stopped believing them because of how bleak things looked. so I just want to thank everyone for the support and for sticking with me. it really does mean a lot. now, how this will affect the announcement of Madame web yesterday remains to be seen, but make sure you say lock to the channel, because I'll be doing an update on this over the next couple of days. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this news. and if you're as happy as I am, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it. and make sure you check out our top 5 list on the Jason Aaron graphic novels that you need to pick up after Thor god of thunder. if you want to come chat to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. well, so just one let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on spider-man's return in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from then to forget surprise. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. [Music]. 