[Music]. after burying Dobby, Harry Potter asks the Goblin Griphook to help him. Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger break into Bellatrix Lestrange his vault at Gringotts Bank, suspecting a Horcrux, maybe their cryptic agrees in exchange for the Sword of Gryffindor wand maker. Ollivander tells Harry that two ones taken from Malfoy Manor belonged to Bellatrix, and two Draco Malfoy, but Malfoy's has changed its allegiance to Harry in balances vault. Harry discovers the Horcrux is helga hufflepuff's cup. he retrieves it, but kripak snatches the sword and abandons the trio, leaving them cornered by security. the three released the dragon Guardian and flee on its back. Harry sees a vision of altamar killing goblins, including Griphook, and learned baltimore is aware of the theft. Harry also realizes there's a Horcrux at Hogwarts somehow connected to a Rowena Ravenclaw. the trio apparate in to Hogsmeade, where a / 4th elder reluctantly instructs the portrait of his deceased younger sister, Ariana, to fetch Neville Longbottom, who leads the trio through a secret passageway into Hogwarts Severus. Snape hears of Harry's return and warns staff and students of punishment for aiding Harry. Harry confronts Snape, who flees after Minerva McGonagall challenges him to a duel. McGonigle gathers the hogwarts community for battle at luna lovegood insistence. Harry speaks to Helena Ravenclaw's ghost, who reveals that Voldemort performed dark magic on her mother's diadem, which is in the Room of Requirement in the Chamber of Secrets. Hermione destroys the Horcrux cup with the basilisk Fang. in the Room of Requirement, draco and two friends attack Harry, but Ron and Hermione intervene. one of Draco's friends casts a fiend fire curse, and, unable to control it, is burned to death, while Harry and his friends save Malfoy and the other friend. Harry stabs the diadem with the basilisk Fang, and Ron kicks it into the Room of Requirement, where it is destroyed as Voldemort's army attacks. Harry, seeing into Voldemort's mind, realizes that Voldemort's snake Nagini is the final Horcrux. after entering the boathouse the trio, witness Valda more telling Snape that the Elder Wand cannot serve autumn or until Snape dies. he then ordered Nagini to kill Snape before dying. Snape tells Harry to take his memories to the pensive. in the chaos at Hogwarts, Fred Weasley, Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks have been killed. Harry learns from Snape's memories that while Snape despised Harry's late father, James, who had bullied him, he his late mother Lily, following her death, Snape worked secretly with Dumbledore to protect Harry from Voldemort because of his love for Lily. Harry also learns that Dumbledore was dying and wanted Snape to kill him, and that Patronus doh, he saw in the woods that led him to the sword, had been conjured by Snape. Harry discovers that he himself became a Horcrux when Baltimore originally failed to kill him, and the Harry must died to destroy the Peace of Baltimore soul within him. Harry then surrenders himself to Volta more in the Forbidden Forest. Baltimore casts the killing curse upon Harry, finds himself in limbo where Dumbledore spirit meets him and explains that the part of Voldemort within Harry was killed by Baltimore's own curse. Harry then returns to his body, determined to defeat Voldemort once and for all. Baltimore announces Harry's apparent death to everyone at Hogwarts and demands they all surrender. as Neville gives the defiant response and draws the Sword of Gryffindor from the sorting hat, Harry reveals he is still alive. the Malfoy's and many Death Eaters abandon falda more. while Harry confronts Baltimore in the duel throughout the castle. Molly Weasley kills Bellatrix in the Great Hall, and Neville decapitate smoggy knee, making Voldemort vulnerable. Harry and Voldemort's fight ends with valla Mart's own killing curse rebounding and obliterating him. after the battle, Harry explains to Ron and Hermione that the Elder Wand had recognized him as its true master because he had disarmed Draco, who earlier had disarmed its previous owner, Dumbledore. but instead of claiming the Elder Wand, Harry breaks and discards it. 19 years later, Harry Ginny, Ron Hermione and Draco proudly watch their own children leave for Hogwarts at Kings Cross station. [Music], 