all right. you ever seen super shiny, crazy, expensive rims on a cheap car? that's kind of what this movie is. it's got a great cast. I don't know how they got all of them to be in this movie. it's pretty much directed by a stuntman. but like, unlike to John wick movies that were also held by a stuntman, it's dudes. actually. this was, this was a streamit. let me explain. so we got the epitome of black look, Brian over here, living in Chicago. he works for a guy who he thinks is his friend, but really they're just using him, since they're a pharmaceutical company, who's got to make trips to Mexico. they don't want to make them. they always sent him. Joe's cancelling this man's insurance policy in case something bad happens, just to save money. adjectives, what he's doing to his wife. until one day when he's in Mexico, he decides to make up his own kimmy schmitt kidnapping belt. like, these two are jerks, so I don't even care, you know, a Taco Bell. the problem that they're all facing in the movie is that, since they're running this pharmaceutical company, and they're making illegal stuff. since I got a little medical marijuana pill, is that they're manufacturing it in Mexico, and thus the cartels gonna get involved. so not only do you have these two who've been skimming and running a bad business, you ain't got old Chapel jr. over here, who's going by the Black Panther, just so this movie can pop out more on Google. and then this random dude who's being sent over to steal the pills along with a man to save free to reverse Heisenberg. dumb. and then, Oh, yellow, who's just, he keeps getting all green go and everyone thinks he's the boss. I found some things interesting in this movie. since there's not there's not too much to talk about. one it's that this is Michael Jackson's daughter right here. and it turns out that not only this is a first role, but she's a pretty good actress, I would say, to this dude right here trying to get it on. which her lease throughout the entire movie is the mall fall from Ferris Bueller, all perved up and three Mashhad roots in the director is actually joel edgerton, is brother. so i guess that explains the cast jones brother in the movie. however, is sharlto copley, who dude, Zoe's on something. I swear. he's like a honeycomb mascot, but brought to life in everything that he's in. he used to be an assassin, so he goes to Mexico to rescue Harold, gets assassinated himself. and it turns out that the limo driver Harold's been meeting with all the time, the guy who's really nice, is a DEA agents. so after the kidnappings, after the shootouts, after the Mean Girl Limoges sixty degrees, and there's a 30% chance it's already raining. trust me, I have good instincts, the agent gets enough info to shut down the company with everything Harold gave them. by the end of it short movie, cartel ends up in jail. guitar guys in jail. Joel's in jail. Charlie's gets a promotion, since it's 2018. and even though the whole movies about how Harold sticks out like a sore thumb, he opens up a bar and starts a new life. but what the movie really leaves us with is a bigger question than that, and that's, is standing in a house like, is she a robot? cuz this woman seriously does not age. thank you guys for checking out this video. again, this is a, it's a small there was not a lot to say about it. I'm curious to know if you want you to let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you too can win a trip to Mexico. 