[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna take a look at the 2011 alien invasion movie, attack the block, a very well-done, low-budget horror film. let's get to it. we open on a shooting star, masked in the night sky by fireworks, as it aims to touch down in this unmarked urban area that I'm going to assume is somewhere in South Dakota. we follow Sam on the way home from the greengrocer when she runs across some young thugs on bikes, the second-most nerving means of personal transport after Healy's. they're in the process of relieving her of her valuables when the aforementioned star makes touchdown. Sam immediately runs off. Laura and the leader of the group, Moses, looks for a pen to leave a note. he is unexpectedly attacked by an unknown creature that then runs off. and despite his clear need for neosporin, he opts to pursue the creature. they track it to a small shack where they set off some bangers and then all run in to get their licks. they manage to kill it and then engage in some sort of ritualistic dance. as the camera pans up and we see their tiny suburb is about to be peppered with companions. we return to Sam, who takes up residence on the block. she's comforted by a kindly neighbor, and they discussed how busy the police tend to be on Devil's Night, but go ahead and call them. nonetheless, the boys arrive shortly thereafter, since they live in the same building, they show off their prize to impress their lady friends. I don't know, but I think it's working. they then head upstairs. while we see Sam giving their description to police. the boys chill out at the weed spot with Ron and Brewis, who stare at the carcass no pine on its otherworldly origin. convinced they have an alien they quickly work to ascertain the best means of handling it. although scientists people not but wouldn't meet your things. while they work on this, Moses asks if he can keep it in the weed room. Ron, only, being an employee, takes him to get approval from the boss. I have I had agrees, and also puts Moses on bail, a well-deserved promotion, as they all celebrate. Moses makes an observation. overcome with adolescent excitement, they all tool up to do some alien killing. however, when they arrive at the smoldering wreckage, they notice it's adorned with ominous iconography. a noise from the playground attracts their attention, and Dennis's dog runs off to vanquish the Beast. unfortunately, he is descended upon. the boys can barely see it approaching them in the shadows, until they notice the glow of its eyes. no show them things his eyes, and he's right there. plans quickly changes. their original intent to chase turns into some kind of strange reverse chase. they are interrupted momentarily by the police, who managed to nab Moses. while the gang watches from above. Moses notices the bear dogs closing in and requests a quick incarceration. Sam, who's driving for some reason, also notices something odd, but it's too late to do anything about it. as the officer makes the mistake of bringing a baton to a bear fight. the boys set off a distraction. while Denis honors in memory of his family pet, he secures a police van, releases Moses, and they take off for the underground garage in their haste, they have an unfortunate confrontation. they recommend Sam skedaddle before stepping up to high-hat. pest pleads their case, but their rep party is interrupted by a noise. it's investigated under duress by Tonks, but he doesn't really put his heart into it. they regroup and try to come up with a new plan. at this point, their desire is to lay low until things blow over, but they have to get back. in order to do this. on the way, they quickly attract attention and end up splitting off. BIG's lives, his parkour dream, but eventually ends up in a bin. the others make it back indoors, essentially unscathed. poor, partially scathed. sam reaches her own door right as the youths come around the corner. they forced their way in and attempt to find some common ground by acknowledging their previous errors. we find the teens have the limited cellular access due to having prepaid phones. pest is administered medical aid and bears it with a serene stoicism. they're interrupted by a noise as an alien finds them and lets himself in. Moses steps up and neutralizes the threat, allowing us to get our first close view of the creature, which reveals an ingenious design that allows the filmmakers to cover any constraints to their low budget that's be lifted. my cousin Femmes, sam ultimately decides to stick with the boys for safety. and on ground level, we witnessed the chaos as high-hat meets up with some of his crew. inside, the youths are heading to Tia's flat because it has a security gate. they run across none other than the infamous props and mayhem acquiring a strap for a future use in dispensing some sage advice. go home. what's the route? oh, you know, if they Naruto ran directly at the aliens at the flat, dimples makes the most level-headed decision ever. they got weapons. I don't even know that woman. I'm not getting myself involved in a situation I don't need to be in. but it's not her flat, so they're allowed in anyway. Dennis lays out why. they're on their own for murder of two police officers, vehicle theft, resisting arrest, which they barely get through before Tia makes a discovery, and it's of the problematic variety. Dennis finds his courage, only to find out that the gun was a fake. and then we get our first real dose of consequence as the aliens pop his head like a grape. Tia gives it the old zappity do, and then the girls wild out on the Beast, while moses finds himself in a vulnerable position, but gets an assist from sam. realizing the boys only bring trouble, Tia dimples and the crew run off. high-hat finally catches up with them, but their reunion is delayed, and they end up taking the elevator down with an alien. only high-hat makes it out. the next lifts over, we find our group heading to the weed room for safety. they set off some fireworks for a distraction and make their way slowly down the hall. unfortunately, Jerome is disoriented in the smoke and gets dragged off. the others make it to Ron's, but are not warmly greeted. they try to negotiate a truce in the face of a common enemy, but high-hat refuses in, being too smart for the old watch behind you trick, he's quickly consumed. afterward, under the UV light of the weed room, they noticed that Moses has jizz all over him. it's probably pheromones. some confirm yeah. recognizing that he has been responsible for everything bad that's happened that evening, he resolves to risk his own life to destroy the alien brood. while they get ready, we watch props and mayhem, earn their nicknames by saving bigs. then we're right back upstairs, where a clean sam sneaks out to set the stage, getting some insight into Moses's home life, closing off the kitchen and cranking the gas. Moses gets psyched up, listens to some eye of the tiger, most likely, and takes off for an epic final sequence in which, after hopping over aliens on his way down at the room, he then slow-mo runs down a hallway with aliens at his heels. he gets to his flat, tosses the carcass and lights up the joint. when the smoke clears, the crowd below finds him hanging from a flag. he and the others are arrested, but as they're being carted off, we see sam is vouching for them, and that they're being transported amidst a crowd chanting his name. and that was attack the block there's been a lot of good indie horror recently, but this one never got talked about enough. it's far and away better than most horror films since last 5 to 10 years. and I recommend you make the effort to find it and watch it. in the meantime, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. I hope you enjoy the video, and thanks for watching. 