welcome to the man of recaps. this is The Handmaid's Tale, season 2. so June had just led the other hand mades in an act of defiance, refusing to stone janine. if that sentence made you go, what? go watch my season 1 recap for their act of defiance. all the hand maids are rounded up and they're gonna be hung home hands. short season, I guess. oh, just kidding. though. it was just a free come out. aunt Lydia is like, hey, we don't want to kill you cuz we need you guys to get pregnant, but we can make your life even more miserable than it has been. she gets word though, that June is pregnant. it's like, Congrats, dearie. eat your soup. June's like, screw you. I hate soup. but henna lady is like, well, okay, if you want to be that way, we can just chain you to a bed for the next nine months. on second thought, I love soup. give me all the soup you got. and non-pregnant handmaids are not so lucky though. they get burned to remind them to be obedient. so June's brought to the doctor for a check-up. but one of the nurses is like, hey, I'm with the resistance. here's a key. go escape. Nik is behind her escape plan. he pulled all the strings he could because, you know, they're in love and it's his kid. this guy's gonna take her to a plane to Canada, but it's not safe yet, so he takes her to his apartment where he has a kid. yeah, apparently not all fertile women were rounded up to be handmaids. if you're a regular peasant who follows the rules, you're allowed to stay as a family. they have to go out to church, which is the only thing you're allowed to do for fun. but they're gone a long time. so June gets out of there, makes it to the Canada plane. she's gonna escape, but know who? they catch her just in time. she goes back to the waterfords, and the guy that helped her is hung. no one knows Nick was behind it. in fact, he's rewarded for his loyal service by being given a wife. her name's Eden, and she is literally 15. she's just a real sweet, pious girl. and she's like, hey, God needs us to have sex. Nick's like, yeah, maybe in about three years. but she's worried maybe Nick's a gender traitor. so June's like, dude, you gotta have sex with this teenager now. come into water for its big project. has been the new red center for the training of handmaids. it's a great success, until one of the hand maids has a bomb. uh-oh. gadem boom, blows that place up. commander waterford survives. he'll be out of commission for a bit. who died though, was the guy running things last season, commander price. so this new guy, commander Cushing, is in charge, and he is on a rampage to root out all resistance. he questions June about her escape, and things may be commander waterford was behind it. June's like, yo, Serena. we gotta do something about this guy, or we're all being strung up. so mrs. Waterford forges her husband's signature and, with the help of Nik, fabricates evidence that gets this guy put away. meanwhile, over in the colonies, it's somewhere in America that's apparently been nuked, irredeemable women are sent here to shovel dirt until they die of exhaustion or radiation. June's first handmade friend, emily is here. fertile or not, after her last escape attempt, they decided she was too much work to keep as a handmaid. she used to be a science professor. when things started going bad, they fired her for being a lesbian. she was gonna fight back, but then they started hanging gay people, so she's like, yeah, time to move to Canada. luckily, her wife was a Canadian citizen. unfortunately, gay marriage was des legalized, and she had to send her wife and son ahead, while she stayed back. and was eventually made a handmade. in the bombing, a lot of handmaids died too. so now there's a shortage. she's brought back from the colonies. and Congrats, you're a sex slave again. now, mrs. Waterford wants to keep running things for her husband while he's in the hospital. and she gets June to help her cuz she used to be an editor. this is very illegal. women are not allowed to read or write. but mrs. Waterford is happier than she's been in years. she was a strong voice in the gilead movement at the beginning, but when it became more about oppressing women, the men were like, hey, thanks for the help. we got this from here. before long, the commander's back, and mrs. Waterford finds herself shut out again. the handmaid, Janine, gave birth to a daughter last season, but she's not doing so well. the best baby doctor around is a woman, so Serena forges her husband's signature again to let her come check her out. turns out all the baby needed was some love from its real mother. but when the commander finds out his wife's been forging his signature all over town, he's like, sorry, wife, I gotta get the belt and beats her what. Serena starts to realize this whole gilead thing might have been a huge mistake. shortly after this, commander waterfords been selected as the trade and boy to Canada. mrs. Waterford has to go - to tell everyone how wonderful being a woman in gilead is. she meets a guy apparently working for the real American government. they still have Alaska and Hawaii. he's like, hey, if you want to defect, I can get you on a plane to Hawaii right now. after the belting. she seriously thinks about it, but decides to say, no, I love Gilead. also in Canada is June's best friend, Moira, who escaped their last season. she tells jeans husband, Luke, hey, that's the guy that rapes your wife. so Luke goes over there and confronts him, and after Nick tracks him down, and it's like, hey man, I'm a friend of June's. she's doing okay, relatively. here take this stack of letters from the women of Gilead that June managed to sneak out of Jezebel's last season. they detail all the horrible stuff going on in Gilead that the world doesn't really know about. boy is like, yo, we got to post this on Twitter. so, boom. those caused a huge public outrage. and the next day, trade talks are cancelled. Canada is like, yo, your country's evil and you're a piece of [ __ ]. later has some sort of power move. the commander has June taken up to a house where her daughter Hannah is. oh, they're reunited. June is so happy, at least for a minute, till she's taken away again. but they stick around the house a little too long. some more guards show up, even though this was commander waterfords, idea it was very much off the record. so they think Nick's up to no good and take him away. June's like, huh? there's no one around for miles. time to go to Canada. but, oh, what's this? oh, the baby's coming right now. Oh, labor scene. Bingham gives birth to a beautiful baby girl. there's no hiking to Canada with a newborn, though, so June's brought back in. and mrs. Waterford is thrilled to finally have a baby. Nick's child wife, Eden is so unhappy, though, because he clearly doesn't love her. she gets a huge crush on this new guard, and they run away together for five minutes, till they're caught. and the punishment is drowning in the public pool. even Serena's disturbed by this. and June's like, hey, do you really want to raise a daughter in this society? so mrs. Waterford goes to the Council of men, and she brings all their wives, and it's like, hey, look, we think we should be able to read at least like the Bible. and to make her point, she starts reading the Bible then and there. she's like, hey, honey, what do you think, will the council go for it? he's like, yeah, nah. she's taken away, and the punishment for reading is losing a finger. she and June have had a lot of hate between them, but in the face of this, girl's gotta stick together. another woman in the house is the cook slash servant, Martha. in fact, they're all named Martha, and over the two seasons, she and June have sort of bonded. one day there's a fire down the street, and Martha grabs June, hey, this is a distraction. we're getting you out of here. commander waterford realizes something's up. he's like, hey Nick, let's go. grab my handmade. but Nick stops him. he's like, I don't think so. you're staying right here, mrs. Waterford. catch June escaping. but jeans like, hey, Serena, look, I'm taking this baby to Canada. you know, it's for the best. and Serena agrees to let her go, giving up the one thing that still brought joy into her life. so all the neighbourhood Martha's work together to sneak Joon out, passing from one to the other, until eventually she's decently far out of town. meanwhile, Emily was assigned to a new commander. he's some sort of economics professor type. she grabs a knife. she's like, I'm cutting off the next dick that comes near me. but this command is like, oh, no, things are chill here. I'm not gonna have sex with you. so Emily's like, cool, then I'll use this knife to stab aunt Lydia. oh, ho. take that. she was awful. this commander takes her out, maybe the killer, but instead takes her to where Joon's hiding. he's helping them escape. yeah, this one's actually a good guy. so Emily and Jun are getting out of there, but jeans like, hey, take care of my baby in Canada. I'm actually going to stay behind. what? why would she do that? one reason is her first daughter, Hannah, is still in Gilly, and I guess she doesn't want to leave her here alone. she thinks the best thing for her to do is stay in chiliad and lead a resistance. also, if she escapes to Canada, the show would be over. and we're getting ready for season 3. [Music], 