Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a 2015 Japanese Horror movie called Corpse Party. The story starts in a classroom where Naomi and Satoshi are clearing up after their last ever cultural festival with the other five students. Suddenly, a thunder causes a power cut. Ayumi, the class representative lights up a candle and asks them to do a ritual called Sachiko Ever After so they will stay friends forever. She tells a folklore story about their school. It used to be an elementary school where an infirmary nurse was found dead and three students were kidnapped. Two of them were found dead with missing tongues and the last one is still missing to this day. The missing student's name is Sachiko. All of a sudden, their teacher opens the door,  surprising them. Yuka, who is Satoshi\xe2\x80\x99s little sister, also comes to bring him an umbrella. All 9 of them decide to do the ritual together. They say an incantation then rip the human doll paper together. They keep those ripped paper as a token of their eternal friendship. But not long after that, the building begins shaking and they fall into a hole. When they awake, they realize that they are not at their school anymore. They can\xe2\x80\x99t open any window or door. The teacher busts open the classroom door and they explore that unknown school. On the first floor, they go to the staff room where they find out that they are at Tenjin Elementary School. They find a manuscript that explains about the ritual. Those involved get lost in a dimension separated from ours, which is the Tenjin Elementary where children in the serial murder occurred. They hear a noise outside the room, so the teacher goes outside to take a look but she sees no one outside. Suddenly, a scary man with a hammer bashes her head, instantly killing her. All of them freak out and scatter away. Satoshi runs away with his sister Yuka. She wants to go to the toilet, but not long after she goes inside, Satoshi hears her scream. When he goes inside, he can not find his sister anywhere. Instead, he finds a bloody little boy, not long after that, he also disappears. Naomi and Seiko go to the infirmary room because Naomi hurts her leg when they run away. When Naomi falls asleep, Seiko looks at her closely. She has a feeling for her, but Naomi already has a feeling for Satoshi. When she realizes that Naomi\xe2\x80\x99s student book is missing, she leaves her alone in the infirmary room to look for it. When Naomi wakes up, she finds herself alone. She tries to walk but she falls. She finds a pendant on the floor, but not long after that a bloody little girl appears, so she runs away from the room. She meets Seiko outside but she is mad and says mean things to her, making Seiko leave her alone. Just after that, she hears a voice telling her to die which makes her faint. When Naomi wakes up, she finds Seiko dead, hanging on a rope in a toilet stall. She sits in a corner, contemplating what's happened. Satoshi finds her and carries her on his back. Ayumi and Yoshiki go to the school reference room to look for more clues about what is going on. She finds out that the school janitor is likely to be one of the perpetrators of the murder. When they look at his picture, it turns out to be the one who killed their teacher earlier. Ayumi finds that there is a reverse incantation to escape the ritual but the page about it is missing. Ayumi and Yoshiki walk to the janitor's room to search for more clues. On the way there, Ayumi finds Naomi\xe2\x80\x99s missing student book. Ayumi and Yoshiki find Mayu talking with 2 children. Yoshiki tries to grab her away from them, but the children drag her away and throw her against a wall, gruesomely killing her. They run to the janitor's room where they find a tape about the school's paranormal activity. They also find a jar full of tounges, which they think are the tounges of the murder victims. They then rush to the staff room to play the tape. Sakutaro is separated alone, he finds a dead body splattered to the wall which he finds exciting. But when he realizes that it is the dead body of Mayu, he freaks out and becomes crazy. Yuka meets him but she is frightened by him. She runs away and hides. He chases her but the janitor catches him and kills him. Yuka is silently hiding, but she is so scared that she wets herself. A little girl suddenly appears and tells Yuka to follow her. Ayumi and Yoshiki are reunited with Naomi and Satoshi at the staff room. They watch the tape together. The tape contains a video about the manuscript writer they found earlier, trying to do the reverse incantation but failed. They find the lost page about the reverse incantation, where it tells them to put back the ripped piece of paper and chant the reverse incantation. It also tells them to not use other debris as their paper. Naomi lost hers when her student book fell. Ayumi found it but for some reason, she keeps quiet about it. She feels jealous of Naomi and Satoshi's relationship. She then rips a random paper and gives it to Naomi, telling her that it\xe2\x80\x99s Mayu\xe2\x80\x99s paper. They then decide to put back the victim\xe2\x80\x99s tongue to give them peace. But Naomi and Satoshi split with them to search for Yuka. Ayumi and Yoshiki go to the music room to give back the victim\xe2\x80\x99s tongue. When they succeed, the victim tells them that the real perpetrator of the murders was Sachiko, not the janitor. Yuka is hiding with the unknown little girl that helped her, which turns out to be Sachiko, in the principal room. She tells Yuka to sleep for a while. When she wakes up, Sachiko ties her with a rope. She stabs her with an umbrella and cuts her tongue. Ayumi finds her and brings her away while Sachiko laughs. The janitor comes and crushes Yoshiki, but just before he dies, he successfully pierces him with an iron bar. Naomi is separated from Satoshi when they chase Sachiko. She goes to a screening room where she finds CCTV footage. It turns out that she is the one that unconsciously killed Seiko. She doesn\xe2\x80\x99t remember any of it, but Seiko forgives her. She sees on the CCTV that Satoshi needs help and rushes there to help. When Sachiko is going to stab them, she suddenly disappears. A pendant that Naomi picked in the infirmary protects them. It gives her vision that the dead infirmary nurse was Sachiko\xe2\x80\x99s mother. They both were killed by the school principal. He and the janitor then cut her tongue, which started this curse. They go to the basement where Sachiko\xe2\x80\x99s remains lie. They all 4 reunite in the basement. When Naomi tries to touch Sachiko\xe2\x80\x99s remains, she wakes up and strangles Satoshi. He beats her with a rock, but unconsciously, he beats her own sister instead. Naomi gives Sachiko her mom\xe2\x80\x99s pendant, making her calm and relieved. The building is suddenly shaking vigorously, they run away to do the reverse incantation ritual. They hold hands together and chant the reverse incantation. Just after that, they come back to the real world. But since one of the papers was fake, only Ayumi and Naomi make out alive, holding Satoshi\xe2\x80\x99s hand. Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. Thanks for watching, and see you, next time. 