a giant monster suddenly materializes and attacks a city in south korea. a young woman living in the united states then finds out that she has a lot in common with the creature, and embarks on a mission to find out how, only to uncover even more of a mystery. welcome to movie splain. in today's video, we'll be recapping a film called colossal. enjoy this video. the film opens in seoul, south korea. a little girl and her mother are walking through a park for the girls doll. after she finds the doll, lightning strikes in the sky. a giant monster manifests out of thin air and begins walking through the city. the little girl screams in horror. new york city, 25 years later, gloria is coming home early in the morning. while hungover. she tries to explain her situation to her boyfriend, tim. but he's had enough of her coming home at odd hours, drunk and not being able to hold a job. he tells her he's packed up her things and that he wants her out of there. tim leaves gloria sitting there in disbelief. after he's gone, some of her friends come into the apartment to start partying. gloria moves from the city to her old hometown, into her parents old home. while walking home with an inflatable mattress, she is spotted on the street by her old childhood friend, oscar. they catch up and he invites her to join him at the bar that he inherited from his father. there gloria meets oscar's other friends, garth and joel, the latter whom gloria finds attractive. the four of them drink in a part of the bar that gloria remembers from a while ago, as it has horses painted on the walls. joel attempts to kiss gloria at one point, but she pulls back as oscar yells at joel. gloria walks home drunk while hauling the mattress in a bag across her back. she passes through the park and over the playground. when gloria wakes up, she gets a call from her sister to check out the news. gloria opens her laptop and sees an article and video of a monster attack in seoul. she is horrified to see this. she calls tim about what she saw, but he tells her that happened about nine hours ago. he suspects that she's been drinking all day, and he doesn't want to talk to her in that condition. oscar gives gloria a job to work at the bar. she spends her time drinking and hanging out with oscar and the boys. again, she goes home drunk through the park. again, gloria wakes up and sees that the monster reappeared in seoul. oscar shows up at her house as she is seeing this on the news. he comforts her as she is still freaked out. but as gloria looks at the tv, she sees that the monster is scratching its head with one hand while holding the other hand to its ear, which is something gloria did earlier that she identifies as a tick where she constantly scratches her head. she was also on the phone during that time. when gloria looks further into the footage of the monster, she sees that it looks as if it is carrying something on its back, like how she carried the mattress on her back. around the same time, gloria begins to theorize that she may have something to do with the monster. she retraces her steps to find that at the time the monster showed up, she was walking through the playground. so she begins to map out the playground, and then, using a map of soul, she pinpoints and plots down where each individual building and pathway may be, so that when she tests this theory, she knows how to step into the playground so that she doesn't damage any buildings or hurt or kill anyone. gloria goes by the park around the same time that the monster was reported to start attacking. she lifts one arm up in the air and then raises both arms. when she sees the news later, the monster has mimicked her exact same movements. she falls onto her mattress and faints. she wakes up to find that it's deflated. she gets a call from tim, who is concerned about her and just checking up on her. oscar and joel then bring her a sofa to sleep on. while they're discussing the monster's attacks. garth tells them of a theory he has about the monster, that it's being controlled and doesn't really have a consciousness or know that it even is a monster. he thinks this because even though the buildings are up to its waist, or even up to its head. it just walks right through them. it never looks around or acknowledges the buildings or surroundings, even when it first showed up. instead, it just kept walking forward as if nothing was in its path. while they are drinking later that evening, gloria decides to tell them about her connection to the monster, telling them to keep it a secret before she reveals it to them. she brings oscar, garth and joel by the park around 805, which is the time that the monster usually starts to emerge. she tells them to pull up live streams. gloria then starts dancing, and the monster starts doing the same moves. after a while, the guys notice what's going on. joel thinks it's a prank. but the monster still does what gloria does. she starts to feel pain like pinches on her torso they inform her that helicopters are shooting missiles at the monster, which physically affects gloria as well. she makes punching gestures as a joke. but the monster does actually punch the helicopter, causing it to burst into flames and crash. they tell her that the monster had killed the people in the helicopter, and she begins to panic. she then stumbles drunkenly and falls unconscious. she wakes up at her place. the news then shows that the monster's fall caused serious destruction and killed many people. gloria becomes distraught and guilt-ridden. oscar goes to her house and brings her a newspaper showing that after the monster fell, a giant robot had materialized out of thin air and joined it. that was the point at which oscar stepped into the park playground. so he believes that the robot is him. while gloria is still freaked out by having indirectly killed people, oscar isn't too bothered by being a robot. with his help, they find a korean man who helps them translate a message. gloria goes by the park and makes the people of soul step away from the monster as she begins to write a message into the ground. the message translates to, i'm sorry. it was a mistake. it won't happen again. the opinion on the monster changes now, having people believe it means well, gloria goes over to joel's place where they hook up, and she spends the night. gloria wakes up the next morning and sees the robot on tv. she rushes to the park with joel to find oscar and garth drunk in the playground. at this point, it's made clear that only oscar and gloria can cause the robot and monster to materialize within the city of seoul. oscar is being careless and foolish. gloria decides to step into the playground and commands him to leave. gloria slaps oscar, making it look like the monster and robot are fighting. oscar then leaves, as the robot also leaves. the city, and the people of seoul cheer on the monster. gloria starts to do better by not drinking so much. however, oscar starts to seem more hostile and antagonistic as he drinks. he tells gloria to have a beer, and she refuses, until he says he will go to the park if she doesn't take it. she takes the beer and pours it out in front of him. oscar then leaves drunkenly with jewel, while gloria chases after him. they both arrive at the park where they as well as the monster and robot begin to fight again. they fight until they fall to the ground, and then they both leave. the next day, joel comes over with a bunch of furniture for gloria's house that oscar sent as an apology. tim contacts gloria. she visits him at a holiday inn. they argue when gloria mentions she's working at the bar, even though tim previously dumped her for losing her last job. they later go to the bar where oscar is already drunk. and being a dick with customers, he takes out a massive firework that he and his friends bought long ago and were saving for a special occasion. the other patrons clear out as oscar lights it, sending fireworks everywhere. the fire breaks out. oscar did this only to show the both of them that he is in control. when tim asks gloria to leave with him, oscar tells tim that even though he did such an irresponsible thing, gloria will stay with him instead of leave with tim. he then glances at gloria, and she realizes what he will do if she leaves. she decides to stay, and tim then goes away. later that evening, she goes home to find oscar at her house. he had come in with spare keys that her parents had given his parents a long time ago. he then tells her to sit down while he talks down to her as if he controls her life. now while he's speaking, she begins to remember something about him. through a flashback. we see gloria and oscar as children on the way to school with models they made for class projects. she has built a model of soul. the wind blows gloria's model away out of her hands. oscar goes into the woods and finds gloria's model, but he starts stomping on it spitefully. gloria follows him into the woods and sees this lightning then strikes in the air, hitting both children in the head. out of their bags spill toys that resemble the monster and the robot. gloria tells oscar that she figures his behavior comes from the fact that he hates himself. they start fighting and destroying furniture until oscar runs out. gloria follows oscar as he goes to the park. she tries to stop him, leading to another monster robot fight in seoul. however, oscar starts to strike gloria, eventually knocking her down. he tells her that if she leaves, he will continue to rampage through the city. as he stomps around the park, we hear the sounds of people in soul screaming in terror. as the robot stomps through the city while gloria lies helpless on the ground. gloria then gets an idea of how to stop this. she leaves her parents home. oscar comes by and sees that she's gone. she takes a plane to seoul as the city is being evacuated. meanwhile, oscar is drunk and walking into the park. so the robot materializes over the city. the people run from it, but gloria walks toward it. oscar is about to stomp onto some people when he is stopped by the shaking of the ground. the monster emerges and walks toward him until it is standing over him. he runs away in terror, and the robot runs across the ocean. gloria moves forward and grabs the air, which makes the monster grab oscar, and makes it look like the robot is being picked up by an invisible force. oscar starts crying and yells at the monster to put him down. he swears at gloria. she then makes the monster throw oscar into the distance, while the robot also flies through the air. the people of soul cheer as the robot is gone. gloria walks away from the scene as it is being reported on. joel sees her on tv behind the anchor woman commentating on the scene. gloria walks into a small restaurant, looking like she's about to cry. the woman behind the counter asks if she wants food. gloria says yes, and then offers to tell the woman a story. the woman agrees, and then asks gloria if she wants a drink. gloria just sighs. 