hi. so there was a zombie short film on YouTube a couple of years ago that just got made into a netflix release called cargo. what's cool about it is that the woman at the end of the original was actually the director, writer and producer of both the short and the full-length film. and I wouldn't be surprised if it was also her kid and zombies in the flick too. she's got man talent. now, a lot of you were recommending this one, so I hacked into my neighbors Netflix to check it out. but if there's any others you guys want me to see or make a nella me on, definite, let me know down below in the comment section as I break down why this flick did stuff better than the last three seasons of The Walking Dead. and now Andrews leaving to let me explain. so Martin Freeman ends up on another unexpected journey where his wife and child are Tarzan ting it on the river, trying to find a place to settle. my man finds Charlie st. Cloud's boat and scours it for some anniversary gifts for his wife, which she then decides to look through, since he told her it was okay, communication is key. now, if I'm in that position and I got bit, but there's this antibiotic thing that I can take, I don't care if I'm bleeding, the first thing I'm doing is, oh, heck no. so it turns out that there's no cure for this thing yet. you pretty much just go through these pepto-bismol symptoms. you start spewing out sap and get called a digger because you end up Oscar showing yourself in the dirt. disrespectful Bilbo now has 48 hours and no Eagles to get him to the promised land to save his wife. [Music]. well, that just puts a stick in it. she starts spewing caramel out of her mouth and looking like the Scarecrow. and as soon as she turns, he turns and gets bit. boy, that's like getting tagged right after you were just it. I've been saying this, right, that in the apocalypse, you can't wear short sleeves. you need that you yo armor thing. you got to stock up on those ball tron sleeves. everyone gets bit in the forearm. I do question also, sometimes, how the virus ends up getting you as soon as you die like the girl did have a couple of hours before it kicked in. but I don't know. it's just a zombie trope that I've always battled in my brain. of course not. he's a zombie. my man ends up finding the hospital. no luck. finds tow mater and his owner, dude, ends up being crazy, and he ends up joining Mowgli, who believes there's a magical cure out there to help her dad. better people get to him first. her people are pretty much the Avengers of this world. they're the indigenous people who are trying to clean up all the infected. but they also kind of speak to the message of this movie. it's right up throughout that there's a bunch of pipe lines that are happening here, and the indigenous people don't like that, and that there's something maybe underneath the earth that got hit that caused this infection to go crazy, something dealing with pipeline. and of course, it being a metaphor to real life things and reminding you to stay away, or else the happening is gonna happen in real life. at the end, and he's about to turn so he creates a little hamster thing where he's walking towards the bag of meets. all the other zombies don't smell him. so he's got his baby and his friend on his back as he leaves them straight to safety, showing you the love that a true father has, even in death, and reminding you that even in the apocalypse, the most important cargo you carry is your kids, unless, unless you own Detective Comics. 27, thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I really like the short films. we'll definitely check out the short film if you can. it's on YouTube. it's free. the Netflix movie is also pretty good. I would say. my theory, again, is that that they show you a lot many times that there's like a company who is drilling. and that's clearly something that caused this virus to explode. and even more so, that metaphor, that message that it's about, you know, we got a lot of pipelines. it seems like not a lot of people were talking about the one that was in North America last year. but it's clear that it's talking about that stuff, and how, yeah, you may, you may end up in a zombie apocalypse. if if you're not protesting and making sure those things don't happen, I'm Kirsten on your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you that emergency zombie syringe 