welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to stick with shutter's recent releases and take a quick trip through the supernatural spookfest in the 2019 release. z if you find yourself confused about what's real or imagined, try doing something concrete to anchor you, like subscribing to the channel. let's get to it. we open on a curious and whimsically imaginative young man named josh enjoying another normal morning spent playing with his toy is like a soy boy, before being called down for breakfast. here we learn he's part of a loving and supportive family consisting of his mom beth and his father kevin. then it's off to the carpool with his young bro mate, daniel. after leaving, his mom finds herself alone to enjoy her big empty house. at school, we see that josh finds himself somewhat set apart from his peers, oblivious to the social norms that would allow him to participate in normal kid activities. and the disappointment of his teacher is palpable, as is his schoolmates hatred of him. at night, his parents hear him actively involved in self-play, in this case, having a very rich and detailed conversation with an imaginary friend. afterwards, it's time for lights out, where josh says his night nights, listing off all the members of his family and friends circle. in the next morning, they started all again. on this day, we do find out that beth actually spends her days caring for her sick mother, who is approaching the final leg of her long journey on this earth. and she has to do it alone, as her sister, jenna, can't bring herself to be present. we get the sense that there's choppy water ahead, as mom tells beth about seeing glimpses of the other side. it appears to take no solace in worldly comforts. back at home, while cleaning up, she makes an unfortunate discovery as regards chewie's biological status, which has been downgraded to plant food. then at dinner, josh sets a place for his new friend, who appears to be giving josh directions, as he initially won't share his name. but after some coaxing, he does allow josh to introduce him to the parents via serial killer style scribbles. later on, beth wrangles josh to bed after he finishes a rousing game of hot lava with z then it's time for the good nights. josh chooses to include the ethereal in his acknowledgments, wishing sweet dreams to both chewie, who's in gerbil heaven, and z who doesn't exist. then he requests a closed door since zee likes it dark downstairs. beth's first instinct in response to these changes is to try to fix everything. but kevin isn't bothered by much and likes to keep things cool and casual, and he suggests this is something josh will just outgrow. eventually, the school carpool doesn't show the next morning, requiring beth to take josh in herself. then she goes back home to do some cleaning and finds herself living the first half of some popular tick tocks, but without the jump scare at the end, her chores are interrupted by a call from the school informing her that josh has been suspended indefinitely. josh is one of my favorite students, despite the foul language and abusive behavior you're suspending him for. of course, it's all detailed in the red cards they sent home, which have been coming back with old kevin's john hancock, on them. while our first inclination may be to presume something supernatural, we are immediately shown that the grievances are recounted on red cards, and that kevin admits to signing and sending them back, pulling the old boys will be boys line. of course, the other boys in class are not on indefinite suspension, so they agree to take him to a psychologist strike a handle on this imaginary friend situation, and are hoping dr seeger will have some options for them to help foster his active imagination without him being so much of a weirdo about it. but his recommendation is that one of them take on the friend role to fulfill his needs in that area. their mutual worst nightmare when josh drops z's name on his way out. seeger appears to be shook. beth tries to unpack some of this with jenna and also tries to convince her to see mom. but jenna's afraid that seeing her mom in her current state will compel her to feel sorry for her, indicating there are some deep-seated traumas at play within the family. beth wakes up that night to the sound of someone clomping around downstairs. and she ventures down to see if it's possibly some sort of a horse or man, or a horseman, but she just finds born old freak boy downstairs, behaving as a freak. he's making a sandwich for z and trying to fulfill his exacting requirements. beth convinces him to come back to bed, and in the interim, someone eats the sandwich. we find out their plans for the first day of suspension are to rage out at play zone, where all the suspended kids go to while away the seemingly unending structureless days. beth tries her best to fulfill his needs, but just doesn't have the energy nor patience to keep it up. but this man does. beth runs toward the sound of josh screaming and finds him utterly destroyed. but he was just faking it, you sucker. at dinner time, beth is somewhat disturbed by her vision of the naked tube man. she tries to get this off her chest by confiding in kevin. and then he admits that he also had a spooky interaction with a strange and creepy figure who was peering out at him from a dark corner of the room, and she's like, for reals, no, it was my jacket. whoa. what a. [ __ ]. the next day, we stare into the unending maw of the nether realm. after sharing a survivor's cigarette, beth follows the sound of a strange electronic voice in the basement. the old toy seems to only work for the letter z, but only when she's not pressing it. later we see beth trying desperately to set up a play date for josh, but she discovers her son's been burning bridges all over town. she does get a pity date set up at daniel's house since his mom owes her for ghosting her on the whole carpool situation. she apologizes, but explains that daniel was deeply disturbed by josh's behavior, which included suggesting they harm animals. this is strange to beth, because while josh may be kind of weird, he'd certainly never hurt even a fly. josh pulls the old whoopsie daisy, while daniel learns that squirting josh means taking a one year sabbatical from playing soccer. they decide to lean fully into this, really going all in on the friend thing, hoping that fulfilling his brains out will at least help him not be violent. and then beth crushes up some pills, which she slips into his milk. when she calls him down for lunch, she finds that josh has made a charming portrait of z all over his wall. cute at the counter, z's got his boys back, telling him not to drink his titty juice. but beth convinces him of the important role calcium plays in helping a young boy grow up big and strong. the next day, we find beth and jenna doing some cleanup at their mom's house. in the basement, they uncover a box of old memories, maybe giving the hope that she cared at least a little bit. and beth succumbs to the allure of the unlabeled vhs tape upstairs. the cartoons are left unwatched, and beth finds josh in a bedroom staring at a ceiling fan. at home. she pops the tape into a vcr that she still had laying around, and then watches herself as a young girl, playing like a little turd. and she's totally thrown when she hears herself refer to her friend z. rather than explore this shocking coincidence further, she goes ahead and burns the tape, as if that's gonna solve anything. then afternoon, she has kevin paint over the portrait of z. and then at dinner, josh is feeling a bit under the weather and starts puking his guts out. beth is concerned this may be a side effect of the pills, so she calls in for a nurse consultation to see if there are any alternatives. and here we learn that kevin was not in on the medication decision. well, well, well, now we know what it feels like to keep secrets, kevin. later on, she hears the call of the alphabet board, which now tries to speak to her in code. she furiously jots down the sequence of letters which seem to be requesting her to imagine z. so her next move is to draw a warm, candlelit bath, natch, as she tries to reconnect with her old pal by repeatedly saying his name. there's a disturbance in the water when she's joined for tubby time by an old friend. and kevin tries to provide some comfort to her, despite thinking her an absolute lunatic. at another time, when beth is sorting through some more old stuff, she hears a noise upstairs. she finds jenna crying in a bedroom, now sad that she didn't see her mommy before she died. this shot establishes that jenna may have developed some sort of a drinking problem, and then also reveals more physical evidence of beth's past with z, as though she's not already fully on board. after the tub incident at home, we find out that turd boy is jealous that mommy's been playing with his best friend. so she calls dr seeger very late to schedule an appointment for herself as things are getting awfully heavy. he goes through his records and shares them with her, revealing she went through a similar cycle to josh, but since she grew out of it, that must speak well for josh, right? no, sadly not. in a taped session, child, beth confirms that zee told her he intended to find her later in life. and the doctor suspects z is using josh to connect with her. so really, she needs to be working on her friendship with z, not josh at home. kevin goes to check on a noise upstairs, missing beth's call of warning because she's scared. now, for some reason, kevin is also confronted by the noisy alphabet board, and then finds a fresh portrait on the wall. and then all the toys turn on, creating an eerie presentation, before kevin gets a physical manifestation when beth arrives. that shit's on fire, y'all. kevin is all messed up on the floor, and z decides to play rough with josh. in a desperate attempt to save her son. beth offers herself disease in friendship in exchange for josh. an unknown amount of time later, we head down to the tracks where beth and josh are visiting jenna. beth is looking for some child care assistance while she sorts things out. and here's where we're led to believe that jenna's barely hanging on to the threads of her own life, but reluctantly agrees to do what's necessary. beth hopes little money in the responsibility of a child hanging over her neck will help clean her up. she then returns to her childhood home, heading in and trying to will an apparition. this seems to work, because when night falls, we see her playing hide and seek. this is part of the nightly routine and must be adhered to before bedtime. the next day, she goes through the standard steps of caring for an imaginary pal, which requires her to mostly behave like a child. but then dr seeger arrives and ruins it. he had a conversation with jenna and is concerned for her well-being. he offers his condolences for kevin and works to gain her trust. but then z makes an appearance, so she quickly ushers him out for his own safety. on his way out, he tries to instill in her the idea that this is all in her head. as a result, she tries to convince herself that this is not real. but z begs to differ. then she finds some sweet repurposed wood laying around and decides to do some home upgrades. at night. she gets sentimental over some old pictures of her family, but has to tuck it away quickly when z comes to join her. naturally. the next morning, she finds her phone crushed. things go on like this for a while, feed play have terrifying visions, until we find z ready for the next phase. luckily for her, the honeymoon only involves an invigorating game of hot lava. she manipulates the rules of the game to garner herself a few minutes of privacy to check in with jenna and josh. but she goes back to check on z to find that he easily found a way down, and then he bursts out of the house. beth calls jenna back to warn her, but in the span of a few seconds, josh disappears. before beth can get some sort of resolution from jenna on what's going on on her end. dr seeger shows back up for a wellness check. we see that ze has convinced josh to play trains with an actual train. while back at the house, dr seeger continues to press the idea into beth that this is all in her mind. as she ponders this, the train bears down on josh, then the police bust in, guns drawn. wellness check. [ __ ]. you better be doing all right. and they find that she attempted to stop all of this nonsense by turning off her brain. on the line, we hear that jenna has retrieved josh, and he's fine, other than the general weirdness, of course. in the denouement, we see that beth is with josh forever, now a vegetable after her accident. and as they all turn in for the night, josh rips off his goodnight list for very important people. oh man. i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch i'd like to take a moment to give a huge thanks to my donors. memorialized in the hall of headshots. [Music]. z was fair to middling and had some good scares and setup. and i can see where they tried to inject specific plot points for foreshadowing and call back later in the story. that's all good, but overall, the script played out kind of like some folks had the opportunity to make a movie and tried to think of some cool, scary scenes and then build a story around them. but it was well executed overall. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 