hello, and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1989 comedy Ghostbusters to the second Ghostbusters, Phil. so let's get started. this summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, however, check out the link below. the film takes place five years after the events of the previous film, and the Ghostbusters have gone their separate ways after being sued for property damage that occurred through the events of the first film, causing them to go out of business. Donna, who has had a baby named Oscar, now works as an art restorer, working on a portrait of the 16th century tyrant named Rico. after an incident with Oscars baby carriage that seemed supernatural, Donna contacts the ghostbusters. meanwhile, one of ghana's colleagues, dr. janusz boa, becomes increasingly interested in the painting of Vigo, and we see that, yeah, no, she is under the spell of the paintings. Vigo spirit is within the painting and needs to possess a child so that he can return to life. by the new year, the Ghostbusters begin to investigate and discover a river pink slime underneath the city of New York. the Ghostbusters invert Lee, cause a citywide blackout, and are subsequently arrested and taken to court. after being found guilty, the courtroom is attacked by ghosts. the Ghostbusters capture the ghost and the charges are dismissed, and they are allowed to reopen their business of ghost catching. the pink slime invades down his apartment and attacks both her and Oscar. the Ghostbusters discovered that the slime can react to different emotions, both positive and negative. and they believe that the slime is a result of negative attitudes of New York citizens. Donna's son, Oscar, is kidnapped by a spirit that looks very much like, ya know, SH and by New Year's Eve, the pink slime is flooding the streets, causing widespread paranormal activity. the Ghostbusters try to get into the slime-covered museum, but are unsuccessful. the Ghostbusters then utilize the slimes ability to react to positive energy and use a remixed version of the song higher and higher in order to animate the Statue of Liberty, which gets the on looking citizens excited and happy, increasing the positive mood. they use the torch on the Statue of Liberty to break into the museum in order to fight, ya know, SH and the spirit of Vigo. Vigo tries to transfer his spirit into Oscar, but the crowd outside singing weakens him, returning him back into the painting. for a moment, vigal possesses Ray, but the ghostbuster shoot him with the proton streams as well as the positively charged mood slime. Vigo is destroyed, and his painting is changed to show the Ghostbusters protecting Oscars. outside of the museum, the Ghostbusters receive a standing ovation, and later on, they received the key to the city from the mayor. so that was the spoilers for ghostbusters 2. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 