[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spider-man. and we officially have news that Robert Downey jr. will be returning as Iron Man for 2020s Black Widow. if you're confused by this story, don't worry, because we're gonna be breaking it all down in just a second. but if you one of the people that got dusted during the snap and haven't, for whatever reason, seen Avengers endgame, and I highly recommend that you turn off now, we're gonna be discussing the end of the movie as well as the time setting for Black Widow. so there's gonna be heavy spoilers here. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Robert Downey jr. is return for Black Widow. okay, so a movie coming out about Black Widow that features Robert Downey jr. might be confusing to some, as at the end of Avengers endgame, both he and Black Widow were dead after having sacrificed themselves in order to stop danos. firstly, in case you don't know Black Widow is actually set between the events of Captain America Civil War and Avengers infinity war, when both of the characters were live in kicking. so Widow has just come off the back of helping Steve escape from the airport, and Ironman is taking the defeat at the hands of Bucky and cap in his stride. though he did change his name a Tony stank to hide from the shame hash tag fan theories. anyway, this more than makes the appearance capable without seeming too jarring. the report that comes from deadline, which I think we can all pretty much agree is legitimate news source, talks about how the news was revealed at the Saturn Awards last night. this was also the location where the alternate Iron Man post-credits scene that shows Nick Fury mentioning the x-men and spider-man was showcased, which I covered yesterday. so definitely check that out if you haven't. and deadline confirmed that the character would indeed be returning the Black Widow, which, due to its time setting, is said to feature many cameos from the Marvel Universe, but characters who are seemingly long gone. deadline didn't offer up any other information other than the fact that he would be in it. and it's clear that we probably won't get much on it, as Marvel will likely want to keep elements of it a surprise. if it's not the growth, I think it probably will be a cameo. and there are some unconcerned reports that in Marvel's Hall H panel at comic-con, there was a clip of Tony warning widow that they're coming for you. whilst this was footage from the original Civil War, it could perhaps be used once more to recontextualize things, and maybe even develop to show more of that scene. now this news is surprising, because Downey did recently say that he feels like he's got off the Marvel train at the right time. but in the wake of spider-man no longer being at Disney, perhaps the company are still trying to have him tied to the universe, just in case their new golden boy doesn't come back. either way, the news is very interesting, and I can't wait to see how the character is integrated into the film, which releases next year. I think Black Widow will have a few more surprises too. so make sure you stay locked to the channel for all the news on the character's return as we get it will be slid. I'd love to hear your thoughts on this report. and if you're excited for the film, even more now, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my breakdown of the never-before-seen Iron Man post-credit scene. would you be linked? after this, I go over how it could have massively changed the shape of the MCU, and play the clip as well. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just wanna let you know that we're giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Robert Downey's unions return in the comments section below. the one will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blue row be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. peace. [Music]. 