I've taken your castle. soon it's pretty on. now, get up. you have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I've yielded Winterfell to Prince Theon. [Music], a girl, a wildling. the sun's going down. Jon, Snow and your friends are nowhere close. but Arella have not yet declared. for any of the surviving kings, Loras wants revenge. he blames Stannis for Renly's death. and Margaery wants to be queen. what might this be wrought tyrant, give it to me. hey, we Lodge. a girl has named a second name. a man will do what must be done. Wow, why? why would seal? because the Greyjoy's are treasonous. [ __ ], let me send word to my bastard at the dreadfort. it can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. where are they? let a half-wit escape with a [ __ ] and Rickon to the little one, gone along with the wildling. woman, wait, I know that phone sent those two Winterfell offers there. go back to Winterfell, looking back. here is the answer to your question. [Music], you don't know, do you? do you even know where they are? we're closed. you know nothing. Jon Snow you're a woman. now do you have any idea what that means? I'm fit to bear children for the King. I will help you, Khaleesi. how I will take you to the house of the undying where I have put them. she will give them our love, and they will thrive by her side forever. I need to be alone with him, m'lady. our orders, your orders, of which I've just gave you. and now that you've decorated your walls with the bodies of the stark boys, every man and the North wants to see you hanged, I brought you a present. Lord of bones cottage. well, he's a bastard of Winterfell. Ned Stark's son. mance will want him. the Kingslayer. he escaped in the night. how? why? for the girls? mance is gonna march on Raw. while he does, one brother inside his army the worth a thousand fighting against it. they'll never trust me. they might, if you do what needs to be done. the first men made these marks must be dragonglass. dragon. we'll ride at nightfall. I want a full night's March before he knows we're on the move. there must be others give a name. Chapel, hey girl. hey girl, gives a man his own name. I mean, thank you. if you help me and my friends escape their goal. in two friends will walk through the gate at midnight. I never do. I want to marry the Frey. girl. [Music], if my dragons ain't house of the undying, then take me there. that's what the water once hoped. this would be the last place they'd think to look. you're right, so far. who was that's out there? home for the gays? must have been the farmers boys. [Music], there they are, archers to the marks. there's only one ship where the RISM, where the rest of them? [Music], well, Stan, Stan. [Music], prepare to land the quest. the dwarf has played his little trick, the Wildfire. we can only play once. we've got brave men knocking at our door. let's go kill them. you are a lion, my son. you mustn't be afraid. the battle is over. we have one. you are no longer hand of the king. what happened? the murderer and traitor, Stannis Baratheon suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of your father. so Loras, I will gladly. where's your sweet sister? you will be my queen. I didn't serve the Starks. I serve lady Catelyn. I told her I'd take you to King's Landing, and that's what I'm going to do. what is dead may never die. let's go home. I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one. [Music]. if the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos and say these words, damn voila morghulis Valar morghulis. good. I packed it down. they burned everything. not everything. not you. go to the wall to Jon. you'll look after you, and let your mother know you're safe. welcome home. and that is john-boy dracarys why traitor? they can give Mance Rayder an invitation to Castle black. let him fight. three blessed. 