welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the godfather, part 3. in 1979, michael corleone is approaching 60. racked with guilt over his ruthless rise to power, especially for having ordered his brother fredo's assassination, he donates millions to charitable causes. michael and kay are divorced. their children, anthony and mary, live with kay. at the reception following a papal order induction ceremony in saint patrick's old cathedral in michael's honor, anthony tells his father that he is leaving law school to become an opera singer. kay supports his decision, but michael wants anthony to complete his law degree first. nevertheless, michael agrees to let anthony go his own way. michael and kay have an uneasy reunion when kaye reveals that she and anthony know the truth about fredo's death. vincent mancini, the illegitimate son of michael's long dead brother sunny, arrives at the reception. michael's sister connie arranges for vincent to settle a dispute with his rival, joey zasa. but sasa calls vincent a bastard, and vincent bites sauce's ear. michael, troubled by vincent's fiery temper, yet impressed by his loyalty, agrees to include vincent in the family business. michael knows that the head of the vatican bank, archbishop gilday, has accumulated a massive deficit, and offers 600 million dollars in exchange for shares in internazionale a mobile air, an international real estate company, which would make him its largest single shareholder. he makes a tender offer to buy the vatican's 25 share in the company, which will give him controlling interest immobile heirs board approves the offer, pending ratification by the pope. don altobello, a new york mafia boss and connie's godfather, tells michael that his partners on the commission want in on the immobile air deal. michael pays them from the sale of his las vegas holdings. salsa receives nothing, and, declaring michael his enemy, storms out, followed by altobello. moments later, a helicopter hovers outside the conference room and opens fire. most of the bosses are killed, but michael, vincent and michael's bodyguard al-nary escape. michael realizes that alto bello is the traitor and suffers a diabetic stroke. as michael recuperates, vincent and mary begin a romance. while mary and connie give vincent permission to retaliate against zasa during a street festival. vincent kills zasa. michael berates vincent for his actions and insists that vincent end his relationship with mary, explaining vincent's involvement in the family's criminal enterprises endangers her life. the family goes to sicily for anthony's operatic debut. in palermo at the teatro massimo, michael tells vincent to pretend to defect from the corleone family in order to spy on altobello. altobello introduces vincent to licio lucasi, a mobile heirs chairman. michael visits cardinal lombardo, anticipated being the next pope, to discuss the deal. lombardo persuades michael to make his first confession in 30 years, during which michael tearfully confesses that he ordered fredo's murder. lombardo says that michael deserves to suffer for his sins, but can be redeemed, michael discovers that the immobile air deal is an elaborate swindle arranged by lucasy gilday and vatican accountant frederick kinzig. vincent tells michael that altobello has hired mosca, a veteran hitman, to assassinate michael. mosca and his son, disguised as priests, kill corleone family friend, don tomasino as he returns to his villa. while michael and kate tour sicily. michael asks for kay's forgiveness, and they admit they still love each other. at tomasino's funeral, michael vows to sin no more. following the pope's death, cardinal lombardo is elected to succeed him, and the immobile air deal is ratified. the plotters against the ratification attempt to cover their tracks, and gilday kills the new pope with poison tea. michael sees that vincent is a changed man and names him the new dawn of the corleone family in return for ending his romance with mary. the family sees anthony's performance in cavallaria rusticana in palermo, while vincent exacts his revenge. vincent's men smother kinesig and then hang him from a bridge, making his death look like a suicide at the opera. connie gives altobello a poisoned cannoli and watches them die from her opera box. kaylo, thomasino's former bodyguard, stabs lucasy in the neck with his own spectacles. nary travels to the vatican where he shoots and kills gilday. at the opera house, during anthony's performance, three of vincent's men search for moscow, but he overcomes them. mosca shoots michael, wounding him, and the bullet passes through him and hits mary, killing her. vincent shoots and kills mosca. michael cradles mary's lifeless body and screams in agony. the scene fades out into a montage of michael with k mary and his first wife, apollonia. years later, an elderly michael is alone in the courtyard of don thomasino's villa. suddenly he slumps over in his chair and falls to the ground. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 