Welcome back guys, to Cinema Summary today's film is a neo-noir about a real messed up court case and it's accused murderer this is Primal Fear this guy here a Chicago defense attorney Martin Vail a real slimeball of a lawyer who loves the limelight and is really good at getting his clients out of court using legal loopholes in the system maybe by chance or a higher plan he sees a news report about the arrests of Aaron Stampler an altar boy from Kentucky with a severe stutter who was accused of brutally murdering the beloved Archbishop Rushman! Vail decides then and there to be the altar boys lawyer pro bono, that's lawyer talk for "I\'m-a-do-this-for-free" Vail's meeting with Aaron in the county jail leads him to believe that Stampler is innocent "There was someone else in that room Mr. Vail." "There was a.. third person?" "Yes, sir." "Did you tell the police this?" "Yes, yes I did." Though the prosecutor, a lawyer who is trying to get Aaron convicted Janet Venable is none too happy. Doesn't help that she is Vail's old girlfriend. Vail and his team investigate into leads that will help them get Aaron free of the case. Snooping around at Aaron's old apartment has one of Vail's assistants find a photo of a girl, Linda and have a brief scuffle with another altar boy that Aaron knew named Alex. The main move by Vail is to get psychiatrist Molly Arrington to evaluate him to make the case against Aaron weaker. Their first meeting has Aaron hint at being abused by his dad and that Aaron has blank spots in his memory. As the trial begins Vail discovers that powerful civic leaders, people of power who are supposed to help the city and including the corrupt state's attorney John Shaughnessy have lost millions of dollars in tearing down old buildings and making new condos kicking people out who used to live there as result Only to have the archbishop put a stop to this plan, stopping any construction work around certain church lands. A lot of people weren't happy with that so the Archbishop got lots of hate mail and death threats The second meeting between Aaron a psychiatrist reveals that Aaron and Linda were together and having sex though in Aaron's words one day she just disappeared. Vail with his assistant trap Alex and confront him for information Alex tells them that he was looking for a tape which has a recording of the Archbishop's sermon featuring Alex, Linda and Aaron doing 'sex stuff' at the command of the Archbishop. This all leads to Vail making a search of the Archbishop's apartment where he finds the VHS tape of Stampler being forced to have sex with Alex and Linda this isn't a good thing introducing this evidence would make the jury feel sorry for the boy but this gives a motive as to why Stampler killed the Archbishop meaning that the prosecutor Janet can get this kid convicted and sent to jail. Vail needs answers pronto so he meets with Stampler and accuses Stampler of lying. The kid can't catch a break and something changes... "You little sissy, you make me sick!" the way he talks, the way he acts Aaron is not talking anymore No, instead a violent psycho named "Roy" is who confesses to murdering the Archbishop and whatever the hell just happened stops when Roy goes away and suddenly becomes shy innocent Aaron again. This is an example of one of those blank spots in Aaron's memory. The psychiatrist examining Stampler is convinced that he has disassociative identity disorder caused by years of abuse at the hands of his father since he can't enter an insanity defense during a trial this is absolutely useless for Vail Now people with disassociative identity disorder or multiple personality disorder have different personalities, like another person inside of them. The memory loss that happens is because one of the personalities is in control and the other one isn't. So if you don't remember watching this then uh you know someone's got a problem. Now like I said before Vail is a slimeball and he's damn good at his job so he leaves a trail of clues about the Archbishop's pedophilia and Stampler's other self, all to set up his master plan. The cherry on top is him sending the VHS tape to Janet the Prosecutor knowing she'll know he sent it and will use it as evidence as proof of motive Can't be helped that Shaughnessy and her boss are pressuring her to not reveal the information later Later, Vail puts Stampler on the witness stand and gently questions him about the abuse he suffered at the Archbishop's hands and Janet just starts grilling him during the cross-examination so badly that Stampler turns into Roy and in front of everybody, grabs her, threatening to snap her neck if anyone comes near him he is stopped by the courthouse guards and rushed back to his holding cell. The judge dismisses the jury in favor of a bench trial and then fights Stampler not guilty by reason of insanity sending him to a maximum-security mental hospital instead. Nice job, Vail! Oh and Janet gets fired for losing the case and allowing the Archbishop's crimes, which both the Catholic Church in the City Council had been trying to hide for the past ten years, is now revealed to everyone Vail visits Aaron in his cell and tells him that his case has been dismissed Stampler says he recalls nothing of what happened in the courtroom having once again 'lost time' (blank spots). Just as Vale leaving Stampler asks him to tell Miss Venable that I hope her neck is okay. Wait a damn second! Vale confronts him and Aaron reveals that he had faked a multiple personality disorder this whole time. No longer stuttering he brags about having murdered Archbishop Rushman as well as Linda when Vail asks "there never was a Roy?" Stampler replies "There never was an Aaron, counselor." a stunned Vail, his belief in the goodness of all people now broken realizes just what the hell he let happen. Walks away as Stampler taunts him from his cell Thank you for watching, ladies and gentlemen. if you did enjoy it leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on our latest uploads until next time See you later there counselor 