sit out. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain sand shark. this film tells the story of a group of teenagers who gathered on white sands beach for a festival. chaos ensues when one of them falls prey to a prehistoric predator. how could a predatory shark manage to get on land? let's find out in sand shark. sand shark begins by showing two men riding having fun on the beach. the two of them were riding on their motorbikes. however, the fun quickly changed when one of the bikers fell off his motorbike. he never suspected that under the sand there was a prehistoric animal that was ready to threaten his life. while trying to revive his motorcycle, suddenly, a giant beast lunged at him. he then vanished among the vast sand. not long after, his colleague came and found his helmet and motorbike lying on the sand. when he was about to remove the flag stuck in the sand, he suddenly saw a shark spin, moving quickly towards him. the man decided to run away immediately. unfortunately, his balance swayed until he fell off the motorcycle. the man tried to escape by crawling with all his might, but the prehistoric shark came straight out of the sand and pounced him alive. the scene changes to a small town on the beach. the city looked pleasant with a small population. it turns out that this city is ruled by a man named jimmy. he was the man who regulated what events could be held on the island. jimmy is the mayor's son, so he feels he can do whatever he wants. two cops named john and brenda are assigned to search for the two missing men. it turns out they only found the head of a man with a body that had disappeared. they finally concluded that the two men had been murdered. surprisingly, there seemed to be a strange trail around them, as if an animal had just passed by. they then decided to report this discovery to the mayor. the scene changes back to jimmy. jimmy looks enthusiastic when explaining a festival he wants to hold. he said that if the event will be held at the white sand beach, he ensured that the festival would become a new tourist spot on the island, and they would get a lot of new visitors. especially the event will be marketed to students and youth from cities across the island. on the other hand, brenda, who is still curious about the death of the two motorcycle riders, called in a veterinarian named sandy. brenda enlists sandy's support to help them analyze the suspicious case. that afternoon, jimmy came to the beach with three of his assistants. jimmy's arrival is to see the location of the white sand beach, which will be the area of the festival. but at that time, there was a man who was surfing. suddenly, a giant shark pounced and killed him. his friend, who saw the incident, screamed hysterically. john and brenda then ran to the woman, but only a short time later, the shark appeared again and immediately pounced on the woman, right in front of their eyes. at the mayor's office, residents begin to arrive to discuss this bloody event. this incident is very serious because there have been two incidents where these prehistoric sharks have eaten people. brenda and john said that the sharks were so vicious that they left only the remaining body parts of their victims. meanwhile, sandy has arrived in the city, but she has only heard the commotion in the mayor's office in silence. it can be seen that the mayor is still hesitant to close the beach. then suddenly, a man appeared and said that he had caught the prehistoric beast. the man named angus said that the animal that attacked the visitors was a sand shark. according to angus, he can help catch the sand shark again if the mayor is willing to pay him ten thousand dollars. but the mayor seems to have more confidence in sandy's abilities. sandy then began examining the victim's body parts in her laboratory. night fell, two men were seen on the beach on a rubber boat. it turned out that their arrival at the beach was to look for the sand sharks, but they did not expect the shark was very vicious and immediately approached them. the two men decided to run away, but the shark swam very fast and immediately pounced on them to death. the next day, brenda brought sandy to check on the two victims, they could only find a rubber boat with a human wrist still attached to it. sandy then took some samples of shark teeth that were stuck in the victims bodies. in her laboratory, she could conclude that the teeth in front of her had the same structure as the teeth of a shark. according to her, these teeth could still grow even bigger. in fact, when they look at the size, the teeth are even bigger than the teeth of an adult shark in general. at the same time, brenda calls john on a walkie-talkie. according to her, there was someone who managed to catch a giant shark. john and sandy then immediately rushed to see the shark. with their abilities, sandy can conclude that the shark in front of them is just an ordinary white shark, and not the sand shark as they think. she said that the white shark in front of them was an adult shark, but the structure of its teeth were still very different from the shark teeth she found on the victim's body. that night, it was seen that brenda was bringing jimmy to the police station. it turned out that he deliberately paid people to catch fake sharks and said that the sand shark had been caught. that's when jon tried to capture the people jimmy ordered to find the shark. as it turned out, the two people who died on the rubber boat that night were jimmy's men. on the other side of the beach, sandy is seen conducting an experiment. it turns out that she purposely drip fresh blood on the sand to lure the sand sharks out. and sure enough, in a short time, a shark's fin began to emerge from the sand and circled around her. sandy, who was scared, immediately ran to john. that's when the mayor came and forbade jimmy to hold a festival on the beach. but he was completely unaware of the existence of the sand shark. suddenly, from the sand, a sand shark appeared and immediately attacked him. the mare died instantly. meanwhile, one of jimmy's men, who was drunk, was in the middle of the beach wearing headphones. at that time, he wanted to connect two cables to connect electricity to the beach. suddenly, a giant shark jumped and pounced on him. but the electricity explodes the giant shark's body to pieces. the next day, jimmy looks so happy to start his dream festival. according to him, the shark that has terrorized all the residents has been destroyed, and now he's ready to revive this island. in the laboratory, sandy began to examine the shark pieces. now she was starting to come to a new conclusion. according to her, the giant shark they found was still a baby sand shark. she was sure the mother was still somewhere and must be more vicious. in addition, sandy is unsure how long this creature has been breeding and how many babies it has. surprisingly, the piece of shark meat does not look like fish meat in general. that's what makes them adaptable very well, so they can swim in the land. but on the other hand, jimmy doesn't want to listen to sandy and john at all. now, without his father, he can do whatever he wants. he just wants to keep the festival open on white sand beach. the weekend festival began. many visitors came and were having fun on the beach. suddenly, a sand shark appeared and immediately pounced on one of the visitors. the incident shocked everyone and caused a commotion. people immediately ran to save themselves, but the number of sharks that terrorized them was more than usual. now the sharks are partying by eating the frightened visitors. it was the vibrations generated by people that triggered the sand sharks to come to the surface. now they will only be a delicious meal in the middle of a beach party. unfortunately, brenda had to be one of the victims because a sand shark attacked her. she lost half of her body, eaten by the sand shark. jimmy, who saw brenda's condition, was very shocked, but he couldn't do anything. meanwhile, sandy and john are in danger. the sand sharks tried to chase them until they were forced to climb onto the reef to save themselves. finally, they had to stay on the rock while waiting for help to come to their rescue. during their panic, suddenly, angus appeared in the white sand carrying a long-barreled weapon. now sandy and john have been rescued on the beach, only the four of them survived the sand shark attack. now they intend to lure the sharks out of their nest. according to sandy, the sand sharks are very disturbed by the sounds and vibration. so they bring speakers and make noise to lure the sharks out. sandy then used some fresh blood around the speaker. angus said he was ready to kill the sharks by using his flame thrower, which has a temperature of 2000 degrees celsius. and sure enough, it didn't take long for the sand sharks to come out of their hiding places. they started circling the speaker with drops of blood all around. unfortunately, the speaker cable connection was broken. so jimmy was determined to go there and reconnect the speaker cable. but jimmy doesn't know how to connect the cable at all, so he can't go back to the place sandy and the others are hiding. he then surrendered and made himself the food of the giant sand sharks. seeing the sharks gathering to eat jimmy gave angus an opportunity to slaughter them together using his flamethrower. he immediately shot a flame of 2000 degrees celsius. and sure enough, the sand sharks died from burning. seeing the dead sand sharks made him relieved and happy, because they had won the battle. but it turns out that all the sharks in front of them are just baby sharks. meanwhile, from behind the sand dunes, a mother shark appeared to reveal itself. the mother shark jumped through the hills and immediately pounced on angus, and he was killed. that's when sandy and john walked into the hut and blamed a bomb. the cabin exploded. as the two managed to jump out, the mother sand shark pounced on the exploded cabin and died with it. now the sand sharks terror on the white sand beach is finally over. sandy and john finally managed to survive the attack of the deadly sand sharks. the movie ends. [Music]. you 