[Music], bad times at the El Royale is a frantic film that breaks the mold in many ways. with the movie being so long, many may have left at the air as the screen fades to black and miss the final scene that follows the film. I thought I'd give my breakdown about ending scene to let you know if you missed anything. and of course, there will be heavy spoilers. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to buy the film's clothes. there have been many murders, and the only two characters left standing, or pretend, priest of Daniel Flynn and singer Darlene sweet. the two join forces during the mayhem and decided to split the stolen cash that Daniel Flynn was after. Darlene was only staying at the hotel before a performance in Reno, so it makes sense that Flynn would trust her and want to partner up with her to make it through the events of the film. the cult leader, played by Chris Hemsworth, that really put them through the wringer. but there was definitely a friendship formed, and this is confirmed in the final scene of the film, Darlene finally makes it to Reno to perform. and we can see Daniel Flynn in the crowd watching over her. there - given not to each other, similar to how Alfred does - Bruce at the end of The Dark Knight Rises. except that one made me cry, and this one just made me think, I can't believe I sat through 2 hours and 20 minutes for this. it was alright though, I suppose. in a recent interview with what culture a director, Drew Goddard stated that my hope for the film is that people can relate to the different characters at different times in the movie. when we started to screen the film, we found that people had allegiance with one character, and then their allegiance changes and changes again and again. personally, I'm glad they both made it to the end, because everyone else will see that Saul Goodman or Hannibal Lecter, or someone else that I just hate, like that kid who bullied me at school, I'll never forget you, Timmy Thompson. I will have my revenge. anyway, this scene is a celebration of their survival, and in a way, showcases that they will both go on to eat normal and happy lives, debatably. so what did you think of the ending of bad times at the El Royale? were you disappointed that you sat through what was already a long movie just to get another scene at the end? or did you enjoy it? comment below and let me know. this is a channel for people who are mad about movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. make sure you check out my recent breakdown of the ending of the new Halloween movie, linked at the end of this one. and if you want to support the channel so I can bring you more videos like this, check out my patreon, which is linked in the description. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace you. 