hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie goosebumps 2, 2018. a city is viewed at the start of the film. there were lying pumpkins everywhere in the city. it was appearing as there are the preparation for halloween celebration. there was also a tower in the same city, and the inventor of the tower did not work on it completely. so it is in this city. from the time, all city had been decorated with sculptures, lights and pumpkins, because there was going to be halloween celebration soon. there was also an attractive girl named sarah living there. she was preparing to take admission in a university. she is thinking, how may she write a best essay on the topic of fear? so she begins to feel fear. suddenly, a horrible thing comes out of her window, and it scares her. but she discovers that he is her friend. her friend steps in her room and offers her snack. she begins to take his help in writing her essay. meantime, sarah's mother and brother come there. cesaro's mother sends that boy outside. but sarah does not feel good. next day, it is viewed that sarah's mother is performing her duties, while her brother is making a model of tower for his school project. he is struggling hard on it. at last, his project gets prepared, but it creates an electrical circuit. at the same time, his mother says, coming there, stop it. which trouble have you created? when will you refrain yourself from the weird experimentation? then that boy's friend also appears there, who is going to stay with them for some days because his family had been leaving the city for a purpose for a few days. those three kids begin to go to school, and sarah's mother is also with them. they notice that their neighbor has decorated his house for halloween celebration, and he is very happy for this. they had decorated the balloon spider on their house, which was a different idea. when sarah and her mother move to the shopping center, sarah's mother tells her, is you know that halloween celebration is being near, so my job duty will be doubled and i will not be able to return at house in the night time. so take care of your younger brother so he may not indulge in unnecessary experiments. then it is observed that sarah brothers friend is sticking the posters everywhere. there is written statement, contact us if you want to clean out the junk. when sarah and her mother come to the counter of shopping center, then it is revealed that sarah's mother and shopping center's manager used to like each other. then sarah is seen in the library. her same friend wearing a scary mask visits there, who had visited at her house at that day. he says to her, halloween is near, so accompany me to the club. but sarah says to him, no, my mother is not at home and i have to take care of my younger brother. and my younger brother's friend is also at our house nowadays. he says to sarah, don't make excuses before me. halloween is not the daily event. i don't know anything. you are just coming. scene moves to the house where sarah's brother and his friend are cutting pumpkin. at the same time, that boy's friend receives a call that we have to get rid of our house junk. hearing it, that boy is excited and writes down their address. he says to his friend, just observe, we will clear out the junk, and we will earn a lot of money while selling it. sarah's brother and his friend reached the location of their written address. that house had been abandoned for many years. it was realizing that no one has come here for many years. going inside, they glimpse a hideous cat. they are scared catching its sight. then it has come to know that that was cat's sculpture. there is a button at its bottom. when they move it aside, pressing that button, a hidden room's door is opened. there is a box. when those kids look inside it, they take that box out. there is a script book. its key was lying beside it means that script book was locked. as sarah's brother begins to read that script book, then a dummy appears in that script book box. are you remembering something? which dummy is this? yes, this is the same dummy shown in the goosebumps part one, who has said, before returning to the book, i will surely return back. there was a paper in the pocket of that dummy which had its written name. there was also stated that, what is your name? and that paper's opposite side had some enchanted words, which are read by sarah's brother. after this, they bring the dummy and other things outside. at the same time, some boys begin to threaten them. coming there, one of the boys lifts that dummy. that dummy takes off his pant through spell. all begin to laugh seeing it. then sarah's brother and his friend bring that dummy to their house. and they start their cycling speedily, because those teaser boys were after them. but that dummy again, falls them down. and those boys remain there. sarah's brother and his friend show that dummy to his sister. coming to the house, sarah advises them, stay at house carefully. i come back after a task. actually, she was planning to go to that club where her friend had invited her. she moves to that club after getting ready. reaching there, she discovers that her friend is along with another girl, because he was thinking that sarah is not going to attend a celebration. sarah's heart is broken as she glimpses it. and she immediately returns from there. sarah's brother was working on the same project at home. it again creates a problem, which causes electric circuit noticing it. sarah's brother is very worried. he says, my project was useless. it was not perfect. then that dummy utters, no, don't say as such. your project is perfect. they both scare enough seeing it. but that dummy says to them, don't be afraid. i am your buddy. then that dummy begins to write the school assignment of both of them. and kids begin to like those who write their school assignment. so they both feel excitement from that dummy. that dummy says to them, don't mention about it to anyone. now the night falls, and everyone goes for sleeping. when sarah's brother is sleeping, that dummy makes sarah brothers project operative, altering its functioning. then it hides in sarah's bag. when sarah goes to school in the morning, she encounters the dummy while opening her bag. she thinks that her brother has put this dummy into her bag. she keeps that dummy in her locker. then her friend approaches there and says to sarah, why did you not visit the club yesterday? i felt you more. but sarah overlooks him because he knew the fact that he is telling a lie, why he had missed her if he was with another girl. she leaves from there after locking the locker. that dummy was also hearing this conversation from the locker. now it is seen that sarah's friend is preparing for halloween in the hall, and he is decorating it. he was working on it while climbing a big ladder. then dummy also appears there. it falls sarah's friend down, losing the screw of the ladder. he receives a great injury. he was greatly wounded. he is immediately taken to the ambulance, securing his life. he is telling everyone that a dummy has fallen me down. it could speak hearing sarah moves to her locker to discover that dummy. going there, she notices that there is not that dummy. she is left shocked witnessing it. on the same day there was a presentation of the science project of sarah's brother, and he had also brought his science project regarding that tower. he begins to show his project to everyone, which was producing much potency. all were surprising to see it. how did he make it? suddenly, it releases much current, which causes to bring destruction of everything. and every place catches fire. and the members of the fire brigade are called there. sarah's brother and his friend come out of that place sarah picks them up and says, on the way, why did you keep that weird dummy in my bag? sarah's brother says, why will we keep that dummy in your bag? it itself had moved to your bag because it can speak, having the magic. sarah is surprised hearing it, and says, you are telling me this? now, being upset, they hurriedly drive to their house. they notice, going to the house, sarah's mother is sitting with the same dummy, and she is looking excited. she says to the kids, my kids, i liked much this dummy from. where have you brought it? at the same time, they attend a call. it was by sarah brothers teacher. she tells all happening occurred at the school. cesaro's mother begins to scold her son. which mistake have you committed? he says, mother, the dummy which is being called good by you, it has been committed by this dummy. she says, how can a dummy do as such? why are you covering up your mistake? it is your punishment that you will not go to celebrate the halloween tonight. after this, she goes to her job. kids are infuriated on the dummy. then that dummy says to them, which wrongdoing has been done against you by me? i just wanted to live with all of you like a family. but they say, family does not harm anyone. and they did not want that dummy may live with them because strange things were occurring. sarah strikes a rod to that dummy. consequently, its eyes are closed. putting in the bag, those kids throw it in a pool. then that dummy again falls on their car when they are returning. they scream in fear, saying, what is this? and that dummy begins to break their front glass of the car. that dummy falls away when sarah breaks the car forcefully. there was halloween at night, so everyone was busy in the celebration. that dummy again approaches there. and it moves to the same shopping center whose manger used to like sarah's mother. it enlivens all the masks and costumes there, going there, through which they begin to stir. it also transforms that manager into a creature. then he moves to the city, making them to follow it, through which they were going to bring the disaster. sarah, her brother and her brother's friend are researching on the dummy at home. then they come to know that it has appeared from a book. it had also brought destruction when he appeared before. sarah's brother says, remembering something, that we had also found a script book with this dummy. it occurred after opening that script book. but that script book was snatched from us by a boy. he was threatening us. sarah gets worried, knowing it, she investigates more and gets the contact number of its author on the internet. she contacts him and reveals this dummy has returned. it is bringing destruction too much. and that author hurriedly comes to the city after hearing this news, who had taken the role of hannah's father in the previous movie part. meanwhile, sarah and those kids meet the teaser boy and ask about that script book. that voice says, that book is at my home. i bring it for you. at the same time, those dummies, transformed costumes, appear there. they grab the teaser boy and his companion coming there. sarah understands that they don't want that we may get that script book, because dummy will be returned in this case. then sarah's brother thinks that we ourselves may bring that book from the teaser boy. and they moved to his house on the other side. dummy and the manager of that store transformed into a creature. they put energy in the tower of the city together, through which it also begins to move. it produces much current, which enlivens everything of the city as trees, pumpkins and costumes. and they all become the comrades of the dummy, which begin to bring destruction throughout the city. on the other side, sarah's brother and his friend arrive on the scene. they had found that from the house of that teaser boy. they are leaving, while taking that book, suddenly, some gummy bears attacked them. they had good appearance, but they were threatening by nature. meantime, that book is opened while falling from his hand. so all gummy bears begin to move inside it. now they had known how dummy can be returned into the script book. sarah's neighbors had made a balloon spider on their house. it was proceeding to tower, while taking sarah's mother. sarah is stood at a place holding that book, but a flying monster flies away, snatching that book from her hand. all are worried enough, and sarah reveals everything to her neighbor heading there. then sarah's neighbor suggests them wear the costumes like them, so they may not recognize you. then they wear the unique costumes. wearing them, they were looking like others. then they take a common book from there and make it look like the script book. then they move to the tower. contrarily, author of that script is also approached in the city, who witnessed that whole city has been destroyed. then that writer also moves to that tower. then sarah's mother is also seen, who had been turned into the dummy, like that slappy dummy, and it was speaking like it. and that dummy is going to burn the real book. sarah suggests her brother increase the potency of this tower in some way. sarah immediately moves up the tower and snatches that script book from dummy. she attempts hard to open that script book, but of no use, because that dummy had locked using its magic. sarah says to dummy, i will return this script book to you, but you will have to turn my mother as before. in return, dummy agrees on this. and sarah changes the places of books craftily. it means she changes the real book with her planned book. she throws it to that dummy. when that dummy is looking at that book, it is observing that it is not seeming that book. then sarah immediately pushes it. consequently, it strikes at the center of the tower, which was creating the electric current. due to this, dummy receives the electric shocks, and its enchantment begins to reduce. that script book also opens. because of his reduced enchantment. sarah opens that script book, and a cyclone appears because of the strong released energy. as a result, all monsters attract towards it, and they begin to move into the script book one by one. sarah's mother had also been completely recovered. they are feeling contentment while coming out from there. they embrace one another at the same time. author is also approached there. being satisfied with those kids, he appreciates them, that you all alone send back all monsters. you are bold enough. sarah gives back that book to him. she asks, will you tell me how to become a best author? he says to sarah, oh, child, just write what you like by heart, because the words full of feelings have good impact. saying it, he drives away. now sarah returns to her house, and the essay which she is writing. she writes in the same way told by author. then she submits it in the university where she wanted to take admission. she knows after a few days that she had been admitted in that university. knowing it, she feels pleasure. on the other side, sarah's brother also wins an award on his project. sarah's mother and that manager are also united. it means that family had got their goals completely and blissfully. in the end, this script book author comes on the scene who is writing another book. he keeps that book on the bookshelf. after completion, that dummy speaks from the backside. why do you keep me alive? at the end of the script you are at fault. that author glimpses it. surprisingly, that dummy tells, i am also writing a book, and its leading character is you. then he opens its script book, and that author moves into that script book. this movie also completes on this scene. thanks for your time. hit the subscribe button and help me to reach 1k subscribers. also, smash the bell icon. 