[Music] the internet, the web of searching your favorite sites, streaming, pay your bills, etc. but just simply being connected, your privacy is at stake. but nor vpn, it has an answer. using military grade encryption on your connection and ip address, nordvpn keeps any snoopers from knowing what you're doing. the public wi-fi creeps, they can't spy on you now. and what? you think you're safe at home too? nope. your isp can snoop on you too and even throttle your internet just for the heck of it. the safety of your passwords and the quality of your internet is safe at last with nordvpn. just one click and you're connected to one of thousands of servers in over 60 countries. and it can be used on your phone, tablets, computers, upwards of six devices at once. so whether you want to bypass geo restrictions and watch certain movies you can't in your home country, or protect your whole network space, nor vpn is there to help you save money in the process. you can power up your internet today with the help of nordvpn. if you go to noravpn.com spooky rice, or use code spooky rice. you get a huge discount off a two-year plan, plus one additional month free. let me repeat, you can power up your internet if you go to nordvpn.com spooky rice, or use the code spooky rice, and you get a huge discount off a two-year plan, plus one additional month free. and it's a risk-free, 30-day money-back guarantee. thanks to noor vpn for sponsoring today's video. okay, we're back at it now. you probably haven't heard about this movie before, but is from marion dora. he's a legendary, anonymous director in the extreme genre. and here's a short movie of his called voyage to agaptus. he's also directed cannibal and an angel's melancholy, a film that could compete with the serbian film for sure. i was planning on uploading another better movie, but copyright. y'all know what that is, right? so i watched this as soon as i found out, and i figure i should relay it back to you. okay, this won't be too bad. you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie begins with the naked woman running away from danger. you've seen my video on bunny games, right? it's kind of like the ending of that movie. sooner or later, the camera gets a little too close, and i can't even care about censoring anymore. just know someone is tormenting her for an awkwardly long time at that. can we move on? mr, dora, it don't even look like torment no more. looks like she's having a fun day at the beach. but then out of nowhere, we see cutting. cutting inside the mouth, that joker kind of smile. it's kind of metal with how much it focuses into it. there is also slashing on the breasts, but it's not that profound. the woman is laid spread out next to the ocean. next there is a pretty long intro sequence with scary doll music, and then a quick cut to two people on the trip, husband and wife. i assume they don't seem to be very talkative. husband likes a drink a little too often. and sometimes there's a close-ups that reminds me of cutting moments. hell. even the quiet couple here, they remind me of the couple and cutting moments. the only difference so far is that these two actually have some spark in their marriage. i'm telling you all this just based on the car ride to wherever the hell they are going. they must be going to mount chiliad really. the couple go to some weird backyard party with some other couples there. it's like some, i don't know, rich people event or something. it's very dry, and the main couple is separated. that's when this guy tells rafael, the husband, that he can buy this girl if he wants to. that girl is named lisa, and isabelle isn't fond of having lisa tag along with them for sexual adventure. lisa seems to be forced into prostitution work by whoever hosts this party. and rafael offers to buy her and allow her to come with them for free. i guess it's an attractive offer. now, here's another bout of sites that this movie is often criticized for. it's just lisa making her way downtown, walking fast. she's about to join rafael and isabel on their trip, but isabel hated that. now, if it's not obvious, they are not a regular couple at all. already, i'm guessing they are crazy about sexual activities. and fetishes. anyway, the three start their boat trip. this is the kind of boat trip that tony soprano would execute at 6 9 on. lisa is seasick. if she gets c6, i'd probably be seasick too. i mean, i've been on a cruise ship before, but it was, it felt really stable. so this is that all about the benjamin's lifestyle? huh? i recognize that picture too. no disrespect, but off the top of my head, let me think that is emily rose. no, emily rose is the lady that plays elena fisher. i'm thinking about the exorcism of emily rose, which was based on anna mitchell. that's who that is. rafael shows her how to navigate the boat. this seems like a forensic files case waiting to happen. rafael isn't paying attention to his wife, and instead goes down a little too low on their guests. when isabel does anger him, he treats lisa badly. still, he's weird about it, like he's a high school pervert. a lot of sightseeing again, too. i mean, it's pretty seen the water, but i'm wondering what isabel is thinking. i'm seeing your eyes dart pass towards the sights. it is making me think that this is going to be our last time seeing it. now, this trip seems like a board fest, and not just for them. for mr dora thinks we should see lisa peeing in the toilet. right before dinner. they're not even eating. rafael is just being a huge pervert, literally asking what she did on the toilet. raphael might be into that scat stuff, because he really wants his wife to eat this stuff, just so that she can [ __ ] later. lisa over here, feeling awkward, and isabelle is playing the silent treatment and fighting against raphael. for some reason. when lisa says, that's enough, raphael tells her to keep her mouth shut. i wonder why he wants her to drink so bad too. when she doesn't, he tries to actually force her to eat the food. i don't know what's going on, and lisa doesn't either. isabel hits lisa, even though she is trying to help. and now the whole trip is ruined. i'm guessing isabelle was a little jealous of their guests. lisa got on a trip with some weirdos. that reminds me of school fights where, um, people would try to stop the people fighting, but then they'd accidentally get hit themselves and join the fight because of it. i used to laugh at that all the time. the next morning, we see raphael had a destination in sight, some island. rafael is starting to give rules to lisa, like making her topless. he purposefully throws her stuff away when she doesn't listen to him. also, isabelle isn't mad at rafael anymore. when he diverts his abuse to lisa, they force her to raid her t-shirt and throw her stuff overboard. anyway, yeah, thanks, mr dora. now i got a sense of this. [ __ ] the yanker, ass right back into the water and won't allow her to get back up. then the [ __ ] pulls her up by rope. this movie turned weird fast. and the weird couple tire up on top of the boat like this, fishing. and they get this thing. i've never seen this before, but they cut right into it. just know that they put the weird texture on lisa and even vomit the insides out at her. this is before he assaults her. and that turns isabel on. she's ultimate despair. now, this is reminding me of the bunny game. and, oh boy. i know y'all can't see this, but he cut right into her vagina a little bit. you can watch this movie on after films, by the way, so you can see all that on there. now, this movie is getting into that usual uncharted marion dora territory, that bleak reciting of philosophy, mambo jumbo. lisa is tied up on top of the boat, day and night. now, isabel does come out late and gives her a knife to use, saying it's her only chance. but i don't really trust isabelle, especially after she helps get her p flowing. the next morning, the new couple come to bully lisa again, full frontal from rafael, by the way. you know, i thought they were going to be going to an island soon. the couple untie their victim. he says that she is free to go. that means she's free to swim away. she swims away. but it seems to me that they are giving her a fighting chance. they're gonna hunt her down on the island that she swam to. damn. i wish they gave her some clothes though. this is very grassy. land. once they see her, they chase her around like a bunch of rednecks. mr dora, all this nudity is a youtube nightmare. the weird couple creep on lisa, planning to kill i suppose. i don't know. it's just weird. at this point, we got about 10 minutes left. it's like isabel and lisa have some weird battle for him. who likes him? nobody wants his weak, four-inch attention. well, lisa doesn't act and gets stabbed twice. but then raphael does something very weird and evil. weird close-ups, obscured, actually. but soon it turns out he's stabbing her in the vagina. the wife makes a mean worthy face, and after that, it seems he forces something in her mouth and even cuts her nipples off. now, that's what i was expecting from mary and dora, a harsh close-up of cutting nipples off and just mutilating lisa's body and dragging her guts out. the music has a very grim reaper feel to it. but if the grim reaper were purely evil, soon it's all done, and is more sightseeing to take in. a voice in the background seems to imply that this isn't the couple's first victim. i guess that's who the first girl in the beginning was. but all i know at this point is that i have no idea what the hell i just watched. that was our next edition from marion dora. let's talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoy moment in that spooky stuff. [Music]. all right, so this was pretty dry. i truly feel like it was something i didn't need to venture for. but i'm still glad i watched it. it does have that marion dora feel to it. after all. i won't be making any extreme scenes for this video. so if you want to go see the movie, just go to efthemovies.com. most disturbed moment is the ending killing. seems rafael has sexually mutilated lisa after killing her, stabbing her in that place many times and dumping something gross in her mouth that might have been her own feces. plus the gut grab reminded me a little of red flesh. most enjoyable was actually the sightseeing scenes. why? because it allowed me to actually sit back, instead of documenting every little thing that's happening. just some little meta humor from your host. and that's it. we will be doing an angel's melancholy in february, after a serbian film in salo, though i don't think it would be too tough to watch. i'll see y'all again next week, but give me a break. i'm tired and gotta do school, so be patient and be respectful. check out cannibal, also directed by marion dora, and a lot more disturbing, by the way. or you can watch silo, probably one of the top three best disturbing films. thanks for watching. spooky out 