[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2016 epic space opera film rogue one, a Star Wars story. so let's begin. this film takes place just before the events of Episode four, a new hope. and if you'd like to see a summary for that, as well as the other Star Wars films, check out the cards above. research scientists, gallon or so and his family are hiding on the planet lamu. imperial weapons developer orson cranek arrives to press him into completing the Death Star, a space station based super weapon capable of destroying planets. Galan's wife, Lyra, is killed, but their daughter Jin escapes, and it's taken safely by rebel extremists sauger era. fifteen years later, cargo pilot Bodie rook defects from the Empire, taking a holographic message recorded by Galan to Guerrera on the desert moon. Jetta, rebel intelligence officer casseon and or freeze Jin from the Imperial labor camp before bringing her to the rebel leader of Mon Mothma, who convinces her to find and rescue Galen. so that the Alliance can learn more about the deaths are. however, casseon is covertly ordered to kill Galen rather than extract him. Jin casseon and a reprogram droid k2so4 to Jetta, where the Empire's removing Kyber crystals to power the Death Star, and Guerrera and his group are fighting back with the aid of turret emwi and Bay's Melba's. jin makes contact with Guerrera, who has been holding rook captive. Guerrera shows her the message in which Galan reveals that he has built an intentional vulnerability in the Death Star, and directs them to retrieve the schematics from an imperial data bank on the planets careth. on the Death Star, chronic orders a low-powered test shot, which destroys Jettas capital. jin and her group take rook and flee, but guerrero remains to die with the city grand moff tarkin congratulate scren ik, but uses rooks defection and security week as a pretext to take control of the project. rook leads the group to gheylens imperial research facility on the planet Yahoo, where Kassian chooses to not kill Galen Rowell bombers attack the facility, and Galen dies in his daughter's arms before she escapes with the group. cranek is summoned by Darth Vader to answer for the attack on yahoo. chronic seeks Vader's support for an audience with the Emperor, but Vader and said orders him to ensure that no further breaches occur. Jin proposes a plan to steal the Death Star schematics using the rebel fleet, but fails to get approval from the Alliance Council, who feel victory against the Empire is now impossible. frustrated with their inaction, Jin's group lead a small squad of rebel volunteers to raid the data banks themselves, arriving at Scarah on the stolen Imperial ship dubbed rogue one. gin and casseon enter the base with k2s oh, while the other rebels attack the resident Imperial garrison as a distraction. the rebel fleet learns about the raid from an intercepted communication, and they deploy support. k2s o sacrifices himself so jin and cassian can retrieve the data. turret is killed after activating the master switch to allow communications with the rebel fleet, and mal bus dies shortly afterwards. rook is also killed by a grenade after informing the rebel fleet that it must deactivate the shield surrounding the planet in order to allow the transmission of the schematic ginning casseon obtained the schematics, but they are ambushed by cranek, who is eventually shot by Kassadin. jin transmits the schematics to the rebel command ship. however, the Death Star enters the orbit above scare off', where Tarkin uses another low powered shot to destroy the compromised base. kilink Renick, casseon and jin. the rebel fleet prepares for jump into hyperspace, but many of the fleet ships are intercepted by Vader's flagship. Vader boards the rebel command ship and attempts to regain the schematics, killing many. but a small starship escapes with these schematics on board. aboard the fleeing ship, Princess Leia declares that the schematics will provide hope the rebellion, leading directly into Episode four, a new hope. so that was the spoilers for rogue one, a Star Wars story. they have another film you'd like to see me spoil please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 