welcome to loki. episode 2, crammed well in a 1985 renaissance fair, minute men do their usual timeline cleaning, only to end up being caught in a trap by the hooded variant loki, who has, for magic, to take over another person's body, causing hunter c20 to fight her own alongside viloki, before she's dragged away with all of their temporal doorway equipment. ah, loki, in the meantime, is boning up on his nexus studies and the pseudo-living nature of all of the technology in the tva. it would seem that there have been a lot of variants of the god of mischief who've messed with the timeline over the years, and realities that the organization has had to prune out of existence before. but upon investigating the site of the attack, he takes the opportunity to spout a whole load of bs in an attempt to inflate his value and scare them into giving him a meeting with one of the timekeepers. but mobius spots the lie, and the local area is doused with a reset charge that erases things back to the way they should be, before the local changes cause a cascade effect into a branching timeline. in some downtime with his boss, mobia still has to argue about using a loki of their own, because she believes he's a waste of time. the timekeepers are apparently monitoring the case very closely, but for truth is agent mobius has never met them, while loki does his best to come across as still being useful for the sake of another chance. so loki is made to do some actual paperwork for the tva bureaucracy by reading through the case files of his current variant that's causing all the trouble. he also tries to get his hands on documents relating to the creation of the tva and the limits of time itself, but those are classified. the only thing he's not yet read are the files on himself, where he takes a moment over the destruction of asgard. however, this gets him thinking, a time variant could do whatever they wanted in a place that was about to be destroyed. because no matter how much trouble you create changing the timeline, any mischief would be ultimately wiped clean when the area gets annihilated. a variant could be hiding out in imminent apocalyptic events to remain undetectable to the tva. so to prove a point, he convinces mobius to take them to pompeii, where his ruckus has no effect on the timeline thanks to the incoming pyroclastic cloud and destruction of the local area. then they take some time out for a discourse on free will and the command of the timekeepers, who are apparently very busy untangling all of the near infinite timelines at the epilogue of existence, while the tva tidies up the day-to-day stuff. it would seem that everyone there was directly created by the timekeepers for this. and mobius is just happy to be working there with a purpose, although he does dream of one day trying a jet ski. so they cross reference where those candy bars were available with areas about to be destroyed to see whether loki variant might be hiding out. and the most likely result is a mega mall in an alabama hurricane in 2050. outside of the tva. magic still works, so hunter b15 isn't going to let him out of her sight. it looks like the variant loki is using enchantment to communicate via proxies who can transfer the role from one person to another using touch. our loki tries convincing the other he's still out for himself, feigning subservience to the tva, because his overall plan is to overthrow the timekeepers, something that would go much easier with a little bit of help from some more of himself. the rest locate hunter c20 from among the refugees from the storm who are doomed to die. but she's been forced to give up intel about how to actually locate for timekeepers. and this variant has been stealing a lot of tva reset charges and doorway technology. meanwhile, after a conversational tussle and a vacuum cleaner shizuku tribute, the actual loki variant reveals herself, who, like him, is planning something far larger than a shopping mall booby trap. she is the main protagonist, loki of her reality, and is just as devious, using the stolen doorway technology to actually scatter all of the time charges on the brink of detonation across multiple locations in the core timeline, messing with the flow of past, present and future events and causing the tva to go into emergency response. and with his own moral objectives looking rather shady, our loki steps through after her, before agent mobius and the tva can reach them. oh my god. so thanks a lot for watching. hit that subscribe button, of course, and i'll see you for the next one. take care. 