welcome to Game of Thrones, season 3. now, season 200, where the White Walkers, we're leaving in the army of ice zombies to attack the Nights Watch. suspect. Sam is fighting one of them up, but he's saved by the survivors. and they're like, 7 if you send the Ravens. of course, I'm gonna not send the Ravens. you had one job. so they go crawling back to Craster's keep. no, Craster's the guy who has all the daughters that are also his wives. and Sam's girlfriend, Ginny, and some giving birth. now, Craster, one day, is eating, so they like, kill him and take all his food. and they're like, no, this is not how Knights watch men act. oh, I'm dead. yeah. the Night Watch mutinies. so Sam like, bails. he grabs do things like her. we got to get out here. so they were running through the snow. Jon Snow is elsewhere in the north, undercover with the wildling camp. they have giants, by the way, in their army. so that's weird. now he meets king-beyond-the-wall, mance rayder, not that guy, this guy. he's like, you want to join us? that's cool. I'm gonna send you guys to climb the wall, attack the Nights, Watch from the other side. this guy's with them. he's a warg, which means he can go into animals bodies, which sounds like his younger half-brother, bran Stark, who's been having wolf dreams since season one. now, bran also has dreams about a three-eyed Raven. and one day this kid shows up in his dream, and in real life, he's there too. and he's got a sister now. they're like friends of the family. and he has dreamed ray sees the future, so he's gonna teach bran how to use his powers. cool. now, Robb Stark, king of the north. he makes it down to Harrenhal, and he gets some bad news that his grandpa is dead, cats dad. so they go over to Riverrun for the funeral, and he meets his uncle. Edmure Tully's the new Lord, and he sucks at life. and this is cat's uncle, the blackfish. and he's really good at life. and he's like, hits it in one shot. anyway, dragon time. look how big they're getting. pretty awesome. so Khaleesi is running around somewhere. she finds a city where they're selling these slave army club the unsullied. and to prove how tough they are, he cuts off his nipple. they have no dicks, by the way. and she's playing like ball with these guys, and it's like, whoa. what's going on? crazy spider attack thing. saved by obi-wan Kenobi. who is this guy? of course you don't remember him. he's from season 1. he's her Barristan the bold. he was on the Kingsguard, but they fired him, remember, cuz he was too old. so it took him a season and a half, but he made it over to her, and he pledged certain that she has to go filter advisors. speaking of Davos, Seaworth, Stannis's man, we thought he was dead from the explosion at the Blackwater last season, but I guess he's alive. so it goes all cast away. they're like, who's the one true king? he's like, Stannis, yes, he is. he loves hats. and this is like, hey bro. he's still hanging out with this red priestess. he's like, we've got a killer cuz she's evil. has shadow babies. he sends him to the dungeons to cool off. Theon. Greyjoy is also in a dungeon. we don't know where, but he's getting tortured with the corkscrew foot thing. this guy comes one night, he's like, yo, I'm the rescue mission. I'm gonna take you with me. this way, psyche, I brought you right back to the thing. I'm the guy torturing you. I'm a sadistic freak. now, Jamie being brought back to King's Landing the trade for Sansa by Brienne. he steals a sword one day, and they have a cool fight, but she beats him because, you know, he's been in Chains the last year and half. North men are found them, and they concocted, long story short, they cut off Jaime Lannister's hand. wat. okay, speaking of hands, big bad daddy time. and Lannister is in King's Landing as the head of the King, replaced in Tyrion last season. Littlefinger was made Lord of Harrenhal, which is where crop Stark is now. so it's in name only, but that makes him a good match for Catelyn Stark's sister, Lisa. and Tully from Season one, who breastfeeds now master of coin while he's gone is gonna be Tyrion. so Tyrion grunts the ledgers. turns out the realms win dat. Podrick Payne turns a little Squire who saved him at the battle last season. he rewards him with this awesome boob scene, which is just, you know, lots of gratuitous boobs. but Podrick Payne comes back, is like, they wouldn't accept any payment. why not? he's just that good at sex. I guess. watch out for this plot line now. Margaery Tyrell is the new girl, engaged to the king of douches, Joffrey. she goes to talk to Sansa introduces her to grandma Tyrell, who's the brains of the operation. it's like, what's Joffrey really like? you could trust us. I'll give you lemon cakes, since it loves lemon cakes. you see, like you had, Joffrey's the worst, and they know that. so she's like, Joffrey, here's some sexy crossbow time. she knows how to manipulate him. now she's even had the problem of her hand. now, Ari's wandering cuts out with her friends. they meet these Robin Hood wannabe is called the Brotherhood without banners. take them captive. they also caught down Sandor Clegane. so they're gonna go, but first she has to say goodbye hot pie, her tearful friend. I waste a lot of time on hot pie here. now they go back to the thing, and their leader is beric Dondarrion, also from season 1. Ned Stark sent him to bring the hounds brother the mountain to justice. so he's like, you're not your brother, but will do trial by combat to see if you do it. so there was a fire fight, and Sandra Clegane kills him. so their men are the worse. they let him go. but the red priest is like, they'll come back to life. boom, he's back to life. so they can resurrect people from the dead. now, Stannis is red priestess. it's like, look, I have a secret mission. go on. can I rub my face on you? oh, you're so sweet, Stannis. Stannis has a wife, by the way, who's this real super freak who keeps your unborn babies in the test tube. this girl comes, that's his daughter, but she's got a scarred face, so that's weird. but she's a sweetheart. and she teaches her friend, Davos, to read. so that happens. now she makes it to her destination, the Brotherhood without banners. she's like, look, I need this guy, Gendry. I'll give you good, sorry, bro, she's giving us good gold for you. so that's fun. that's Arya is pissed that they sell her friends. so she runs it, captured by the Hound who was sulking about. but he's going to take her to the family, if you know, for ransom, so it's not that bad. so they pinched this guy to take his car. it's like, no, no killing. and he's like, I'm programmed to obey John Connor. let's not kill anyway. Jenny's like, what do you want with me? and she's like, don't you know you're the bastard of packing Rob I not know that. so they get to have some sex, and he's like, man, he the faster. the king is awesome. they're like, la, some sexy. time to put leeches on me. wait, what are you doing? yes, she sucks the Kings blood out of him with leeches, and they're gonna sacrifice it to the fire-god to kill all the false kings. okay. now, Daenerys kids like, I'll buy in the army. I'll give you one dragon. no, you can't give away a dragon. but they do. she also takes his translator cheap to be under sidekick. and she's like, okay, here's the dragon. here's my army. now, army, kill them all. it's like, wait, that's not allowed. apparently it is allowed. yes, they kill Ariane. she's like, your car is burned alive. [ __ ]. that's what happens when you mess with Khaleesi. now she's got an army and Dragons. it's prequel. now, the wall is being climbed by John Snell's it's mostly uneventful, and he makes it to top, where he and Ygritte get to share this awesome top of the world makeout. yes, they are banging now, because they found this hot spring one day. and she shows what's under the thing, which is boobs. and they have some awesome hot tub sexy times. speaking of bran and Jamie make it to Harrenhal where Rob left the Roose Bolton in command. and they're taking a sexy bath time together. Jamie is called the King Slayer because he killed the Mad King Aerys Targaryen back in the day. but he was on the Kingsguard, which is a big no-no. but he was gonna blow up the city, so maybe he's not such a bad guy. but he did push Brown though, we know. so he is, you know, not back right? anyway, the meeting with Roose Bolton is like, I'm not gonna give you to Robb Stark. I'm gonna give you to your dad because I'm scared to pick my daddy Thailand. it's like, that's cool, but bran can't come. we're gonna keep her. it's like, oh, that's fine. I don't even like her. so he bails. but then he feels bad, cuz she's gonna get raped and killed. so it comes back to save her. all she's fighting a bear. and he's like, we'd go into the bear pit. and then he's like, I immediately regret this decision. and after those anchorman references, he makes it. I mean, saves her. so they're friends. now, this guy's still torturing Theon. we still don't know who he is though, but he loves torture. now, one day Theon wakes up and this is happening. and it seems too good to be true. it is too good to be true. he's like, yes, I just wanted to give you a boner before I cut your dick off. what? yep. and he eats it in front of him. no, he's just kidding. it's a sausage. we hope, I hope. anyway, Sansa is no longer engaged to Joffrey. Littlefinger is like, look, I was in love with your mom cat, so I'm gonna bring you back your family, but I don't trust a little finger. now, Varys, the eunuch, also has a plot with them to marry Sansa off to Loras Tyrell, Renly's gay lover. and that's not a bad wife for him. but Cersei hates how Margery is controlling John for now, so she's like, Littlefinger, find out what the Tyrells are up to. I know they have some sort of a plot. he's like, fine. I'll send this guy to go have sex with Loras, and he'll spill the beans that he's secretly engaged to Sansa. and this guy's like, okay, Sansa might be the key to the north, so we're gonna marry her off to you first, Tyrion, yes. and we're gonna marry you Cersei to Loras Tyrell. so she doesn't like that. the Tyrells don't like that their plot was foiled. Tyrion does like it. his house like it sansa devil. he doesn't like it. so they have a wedding that's pretty awkward. but then they have a course option where is like, I'm the god of tits entwine. nice. dad's like, okay, go consummate the marriage. wait, are we gonna see sense and Tyrion have sex. no or not. no or not. now she makes it to the next city, and they're like, look, what if we give you this gold? will you not conquer us? and she's like, no, I'm a big guy, delicious. now I'm gonna free all the slaves. so if they hire this army of mercenaries to defend them, and this one, Daario naharis, makes sexy eye contact with her the night she's having bath time, he shows up. he's like, you know, I killed my other captains. she's like, how do you like these tits? he's like, I like him a lot. I'll fight for you. so she's got more army, and he shows her the backdoors. who takes Jorah Mormont and grey worm with him that's this guy. and they're surrounded, but they fight because they're badasses, and they like, kill them all. and I guess the three of them conquer the city single-handedly. she has more sexy eye contact in Jordan like that, cuz he loves her. Jon Snow is with the wildlings. it's like, kill this old guy to prove you're one of us. he's like, sure. psychic ill you. so he's still a member. the Nights Watch, he runs. that makes her unhappy. she tracked him down. he's like, you won't hurt me regret. I know I love you. I'm shot in the back. yeah, told me this movie great. she's sad though. no, Brandon, his friends were actually nearby. they got to see most of it. now, Hodor was HOH Dorian cuz he scared of thunder. so brand News's of War Powers - warg into Hodor. that's crazy, cuz wargs, I'm supposed to be able to go in humans. so they're gonna go north of the wall to find this three-eyed Raven we keep seeing this chick is gonna bring his younger brother somewhere else, though. he gets his first line of the series, by the way. yay. Rickon. now, Sam is with chili, and a white Walker comes cuz I guess they're attracted to the scent of babies. and a normal swept uns won't work against him, by the way, though. it's a messes dragonglass dagger that he found at the end of season 2, stabs him. it's actually incredibly effective. oh, that's good to know. now, Brandon his friends go to the castle nearby, and through the well tunnel comes Sam. he's like, hey, I have magic daggers of + war, you know, white Walker slaying for all of you. so they get that, they go off on their way. where's Rob stark been? well, he had a pointless subplot where he kills Lord whatever for insubordination. and then he's been hanging out with his hot new wife from last season, who he got pregnant. Congrats. but remember, he was engaged to one of Lord Walder Frey's ugly daughters cuz he had to cross his bridge in season one. she's like, look, I need to apologize and get his army. so they apologize in there. like, look, well, marry one of the daughters to your uncle. i'm natali lord of river, and that'll be fine. so, okay, are the daughters okay? and you check them out. they're all ugly. and it's sad for him, but the one they picked up for him is actually a total babe. so he's happy. everyone's happy. they having a good party. the band starts playing the Lannister theme song, which seems a little weird. and Roose Bolton's like, is it a little weird? and she's like, I don't know. why are you wearing armor at a wedding? that seems a little weird. he's like, is it a little weird? what's gonna happen? what is this? Oh, stabbed in the baby. no. Rob's our Oh, shot with crossbow. no. Catelyn Stark, oh, yes. they kill everyone, including Rob's wolf, gray Wayne and Bruce Bowen says, the Lannisters send their regards. stab Rob is dead. Callen, definitely also dead. this is called the red wedding. Walder Frey did it. Rob's Lord, Roose Bolton did it. and it was all organized by a big bed daddy, Tywin Lannister. now, Joffrey, at least is happy that he's not the most unpopular character in the show anymore. irony in the Hound made it, but they were too late. so they leave. and some of the Frey people were like, bragging. so she goes all stabby, stabby on them, because she has this coin that master SAS and Jack in a gar gave her last season, and passwords Ballantrae coulis. now Stannis gets the letter, it's like, yeah, that was the leeches that did that. if we kill the kid totally, then it'll be better. but Davos didn't like that. he sends him away. now, Jamie makes it back to King's Landing. we don't see what happens here yet, but he's lost his hand. speaking of limbless freaks, this guy is actually Roose Bolton's bastard son, Ramsay snow. and he's like, I'm gonna name you reek and keep you as a pet. and he sends that Theon dick in a box to his family and his sisters like, I'm gonna go. safety on now at the Nights Watch Castle. Jon Snow makes it back. it looks like he's gonna live. good for him. and Sam also makes it back. he's sending a letter to everyone to warn about I saw he's the only one who reads it. is Davos with his no reading powers. and Stannis is like, what does the red God say about killing Asami's he likes it. so they're gonna do that. Daenerys has the city. she's like, slaves who want some freedom. they all want some freedom. yay, freedom. so she's a rockstar. she's conquering cities. and that's how season 3 comes to an end. [Music], 