hi 18 plus cinema summary. here in this video, we are going to tell you a drama, historical film called spirits homecoming. this story will show you korean girls who served as comfort women during the japanese occupation in korea. this film is inspired by true events. let's see how their story unfolds. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. the film begins with an elderly woman and sewing clothes in her room. in the background, we can hear a tv broadcasting an interview on a woman reciting her experiences of mistreatment by the japanese soldiers. upon hearing this, the elderly woman, who was a comfort woman herself, suddenly stops sowing and starts to reminisce. we are then taken back to the year 1943 in south korea, where a young girl named jung minute is playing hide and seek in a forest with two other girls. while playing, they notice soldiers at the back of military car passing in front of them. one of the soldiers gave them a creepy smirk. during this time, people in korea has a superstition of amulets that bring luck and protection. jung minute doesn't have one. so one day she tricks her friends into betting their amulets while she wages her rare taffies. she then goes on to win the bet and gets the amulet. her mother confiscates it from her later on and tells her to returns it to her friend. she also beats young minute with a stick as punishment for stealing. later that night, her parents discuss their worries. the japanese soldiers are taking people away by force from their village, and most of them will end up dead. recalling that jung minute wanted an amulet of her own, her mom finally makes one for her. one day, just as jung minute is going back home from a stroll, she sees her parents arguing with a group of soldiers. she then realizes that they are there to take her away. her parents beg for the soldiers to spare them, but the commander pays no attention to their pleas and still insists on seizing her. her mom then hides some money in a pack of clothes and gives them to young men. she is telling you minute to use it in an emergency to pay someone to bring her home. she is then taken away to a train where there are many other girls who are also separated from their families. all of them have no idea as to where they are headed. here, she starts a conversation with an anxious girl next to her. the girl is revealed to be young he a 15 year old whose mother has passed away. jung minute lies about her age, saying that she is also 15, and they quickly become friends. jung minute even gives her amulet for young heeda hold during the journey. after a long time, the train finally arrives in china, where they are greeted by the japanese soldiers stationed in the country in what seems to be an outpost. they are gathered in a room as a japanese lady, noriko, goes around asking the girls for their ages, including jung min. because jung minute is still 14, she is dragged to a room at the end of a hallway. a doctor examines her private parts to make sure that she doesn't carry any disease. she is then given a bath before being taken to a bedroom. soon after that, a japanese soldier enters the room and starts to order jung minute to carry out celiacs, until he eventually intends to have sex with young men. she tries to resist him, but without hesitation, the soldier knocks her out and she falls unconscious. while still being raped, a soldier carries you a minute away. it is shown that the girls in the other rooms are mistreated the same way, beaten and slapped without reason. a few days later, korean gorillas ambush the soldiers working in the field, but because of the japanese's better firepower, they are quickly defeated and massacred. the next scene shows you a minute lying on a bed, weak and bruised. her door opens and a soldier enters the room. jung minute gets ready to serve him. however, the soldier named tanaka stops her and tells her that she resembles his younger sister. he lets her rest instead. at this point, jung min has been so traumatized and she doesn't even remember her own real name. days go by, things are not getting better for the girls. as they are raped repeatedly. they have to endure seemingly endless physical abuse on daily basis. not only do they have to satisfy the sexual demands of the japanese soldiers, but they are also burdened with having to carry out hard labor. one morning, one of the soldiers leaves the girls on their own, and jung minute talks about how the war is soon ending, motivating them to hatch a plan to escape. later that day, a minute suddenly feels a sharp pain and falls to the ground. she is then brought to the doctor, and it turns out that she is experiencing menstruation. after waking up, she sees a corpse behind a bed curtain and realizes that it is manduk, one of the girls who hasn't been seen since morning. jung then begins to cry. days later, jung min meets tanaka, and he gives her a map of the camp to help her escape. that night, jung min young, he and two other girls gather together and slowly sneak out the camp into the woods. unfortunately, the soldiers quickly realize they are missing and start to look for them. one of the girls, oak boone, gets separated from the group. she is tracked down by the soldiers. the soldiers drag her back to the post. the other girls who are escaping feel bad for her and decide to turn themselves in as well. all the girls in the camp are then stripped naked and tortured all night long. one day, some of the girls, who are already too weak, are taken to a car where the soldiers claim that they are being transferred to another facility. in actuality, they are brought to the woods to be killed. the commanding officer orders tanaka to execute them, but because he hesitates, he is shot in the head and burned together alongside the girls. in 1945, two years later, japan has a new problem. the atomic bomb is dropped onto hiroshima and nagasaki, and this forces japan to surrender. troops outside of japan are pulled back to the country. in a similar manner, the girls are led to an open field to be incinerated in order to get rid of traces and witnesses. young min gives young hee her amulet, which her mother made for her years ago, to ensure young hee that she is going to be okay. just as the execution begins, the soldiers are attacked by korean soldiers, and a shootout begins. jung min and young he manages to escape to a nearby field. all of a sudden, a japanese soldier approaches and tries to murder them. all hope seems lost, until a korean soldier saves them and shoots the soldier. they are relieved and are about to leave when jung min glances back. jung min sees the fallen soldier aiming his gun at yong he. just as he pulls the trigger, jung min jumps in front of young hee and takes the shot. jung min has died. the film fast forwards to 1991. a young girl named yoon kyung is taken to a shaman by her mother. yoon kyung is mute because she is suffering from a trauma. her mother wishes for her to be healed. she is eventually healed, and it is revealed that yoon kyung possessed the ability to communicate with spirits of people who has passed away. one day, she walks into a store with the intention to buy a hanbok. she notices the amulet owned by the old lady who runs the store, who is actually young he. yoon kyung is able to see young he's past flashes before her eyes, and she offers young hee to bring young men's spirit so that young he can finally let go and forgive herself. in the midst of the ritual. jung min appears in front of yom he young. he starts to apologize to her, and because she can't control her emotion, she eventually passes out. yoon kyung performs another ritual called the spirit homecoming, to guide you men all the other comfort women spirits to peacefully go home to the afterlife. the film ends with young men arriving at her old house in jio chang with her amulet. and her parents are already waiting to welcome her. and that wraps up our recap, this time for the movie, spirits homecoming. feel free to drop a comment below as to what we should recap next. thank you for watching. 