welcome to heavy spoilers. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to do. this episode, we'll be covering the seminal love, death and robots. three robots. three robots is a much needed palette cleanser after the nihilistic first episode from the season, Sony's edge. and it's filled to the brim with questions about humanity's fate, civilization as a whole, and a mysterious group of cats that appear to be the top of the food chain. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the episode, as well as giving my thoughts on it. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen three robots yet, then I highly recommend that you go give it watch and come back to this video when you in the know. for everyone else, thanks for the click. and let's dive into love, death and robots. three robots, three robots. as you might have guessed, follows three robots as they navigate the landscape of an apocalyptic future where humanity seemingly was wiped out due to nuclear war or other causes. the ground is littered with human skulls, blood pits and skeletal robots that roam the landscape and seem like they will rip straight out of Sarah Connors worst nightmare. don't worry though, this is a pretty clear comedy piece in which we shadow the robots as they try to understand human culture. they try and break down why basketball was so popular, which I still don't really know myself. oh, it's just kidding guys, but not really. and eventually, they make their way to an abandoned military base, running into a cute cat along the way. upon arriving at the military base, they find a nuclear warhead. and whilst it's initially implied that humans destroyed themselves with Worf, the Alexa of the group actually informs us that humans poison the water, killed the land and choke the sky. of course, this is saying that basically global warming wiped us out, and it was, in fact, our own ignorance and disregard for the planet that caused our downfall. however, there is another twist when we discover that it wasn't war or the environment now wiped us out, but rather something far more evil. that is, it turns out, after humans genetically engineered the animals to have opposable thumbs. they slowly rose to the prominence of the food chain, and slaving humanity in the process. these hostile cats just want to be stroked, and are willing to destroy those who do not meet their needs, which is the predicament that we leave our three robots in. they want to be petted forever. and if that sounds like a fate worse than death, and you'd be right. sorry. I'm more of a dog man myself. anyway, it's heavily implied that the cats have been searching for others to enslave in order to make sure that they are petted forever. and that the three robots will now be repurposed for this. it's a sad way to go, but I'm just glad that humanity was ended before it got too bad. in addition to this, unfortunately we never learned where the robots are actually from. after learning that the Xbox 4000 is originally from a games console, it's a safe assumption to make that the other two are descendants of other technologies as well. most likely, the female selling bot is in Alexa, and the little bot is a toy. I really hope Xbox do kind of move into robots cuz, man, their current console is terrible. don't at me. anyway, three robots is a really fun episode that contains phenomenal animation. and whilst it didn't crack my top 5 favorite episodes, it's certainly up there. obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on three robots. and if you enjoyed the episode, if you had fun with this video, then make sure you give it a thumbs up and check out my ending, explained breakdown of love, death and robots, the witness, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 