[Music]. all right. now, i know it's been a little minute since i last uploaded i'll explain why. but today's video is sponsored by hunter killer. and this is easily the most fire sponsor i've ever created. i love this sponsor video, and now you get to see it. check it out. you've been with me as we venture through the craziest dark and horror films. but you know what else? i love solving mystery. i love to be the backseat gumshoe. but now i can be the ultimate detective with hunt a killer. but also, i can't tell you how excited i am about hunt a killer's new blair witch game. what is hunt to killer? you ask, only the most awesome subscription game where you get to be the ultimate detective. your career starts up through one season. and one season is made up of six boxes. each box has realistic evidence maps, police reports and more to help you catch the killers. this is excellent for fans of true crime. but hunter killer is also doing horror mysteries too. the hunter killer blair witch edition is the awesome gift for anyone who loves horror. it's like you're in the movie universe and you can solve the history of the massively powerful blair witch through cryptic documents, audio recordings and some crazy puzzles. it's actually kind of like an escape room in a box. immerse yourself into hunter killer, alone with your friends, whoever. but spooky. what if i can't piece together the evidence is too tough? don't despair. you can just join the spoiler-free online community where people will guide each other into solving these mysteries without spoiling. with over one hundred thousand active subscribers and over two thousand five star reviews, you best believe hunter killer got some excellent stories. let me show you my box. now, if you're gonna solve mysteries, you gotta get dripped up first. now, this is my true crime box. just look at it. just real evidence, like i'm an actual detective. i am wearing the skirt, by the way, huh? the cadence theater case, official documents too. like what? i'm not gonna lie. i was a little intimidated at first, like i was in over my head. but once i started just fully going in, i fully became the detective. you can become the ultimate detective if you go to hunterkiller.com and take the test. use spooky for 20 off your first box. again, go to huntakiller.com and see if you are ready and use code spooky for 20 off your first box as you start your detective career, or will you try to survive what the blair witch has in store? thanks to hunter killer for sponsoring today's video. let's give an applause for that fire reference field sponsor. that was so amazing. i love hunter killer. you seen the title, pieces 1982? i already made a video on this a while ago, and it's a simple plot. you don't got to go to texas for a chainsaw massacre. you could just go to boston on a weirdly unnamed absent campus. looks like they're doing online classes better than my school. now, this video is something special to me. this video broke my back, literally. it was easily the hardest video i've ever had to make. and you'll see why it broke me. it was like making five disturbing breakdowns at the same time. i check out the horror geeks video on pieces. he can review it a lot better than me. instead of the usual, we're going to be a backseat detective. don't trip though, because y'all getting the double upload today. i'll repeat, you are getting a double upload today. keep that bell checked if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts. stay tuned for the breakdown. cue the gohan [Music]. all right, you can play the portal trip, spooky. go and play it real quick. but this is not a classic, disturbing breakdown. this is an investigation using a certain investigative model. we will find out who the killer is in this movie before they reveal it to us. this is a backdoor pilot for a new series that i would love to create. and don't trip, because you're gonna love it. you're gonna love this video. so just stay watching. so let's get started, shall we? chainsaw charlie is a serial killer who is taken the lives of four victims over the course of a few days. the list of suspects includes kendall, the campus casanova, who would make a great cop. professor brown, an anatomy professor with a closed-off persona willard, the gardener, who is as villainous as creed braddon. and the dean. the killer is most likely a male sexual deviant. we know for a fact, that the second victim was named susan. we can solve this case. please feel free to join me by jotting the evidence down. we'll have to collect clues to form a foundation, then construct an argument to come to a final decision. i'm sure we can reach a new hope. we can beat the despair of murder and solve this case. all i have to do is find out who really did it, who really killed those girls? well, [ __ ], where do i even start? well, the first victim is such a random case, i doubt that place has much evidence. but the more bodies means the more clues. i think i should go to the pool where the second victim, susan, got sawed. looks like the killer left their murder weapon behind. kind of dumb, don't you think? without a doubt, all of the victims had to have been killed with this. there's susan's corpse. the coroners say that only her torso was taken. but why exactly was susan in the pool area in the first place? well, perhaps she just wanted to get a swim in. the killer doesn't move the entire bodies, so it's plausible to think she died in this room. either way, if the killer did kill her here, it's pretty risky. maybe he knew she would be in here. lieutenant bracken mentioned that shortly before coroners were on the scene, the gardener, willard, was arrested in connection to the murder. once they probed them, he mentioned seeing the murder weapon and seeing kendall running away from the scene. well, that sounds suspicious of kendall. i know that makes kendall seem like the likely suspect, but ironically, this might prove that kendall isn't the killer. apparently, willard got into a fist fight with multiple officers for some reason. i suppose maybe he thought he would be framed. but still, the smartest solution is to surrender. so why did wheeler get into a fight? [Music]. well, i guess that's all that's in here for now. i'll be sure to come back if i need to, though. let's head to the library after probing kendall moore, he mentions that he got a letter from susan. i want to do it. that could be why susan was in the pool area. but is that all there is to it? kendall? why give you a note if she was gonna tell you what she wanted to do. anyway, maybe that note had more information on it that kendall didn't reveal. nonetheless, the fact that she was killed in the pool area means that the killer knew she would be there. so he must have read that note after kendall trashed it. that's one part of it, but i don't think the killer relied on the note. either way, it's evidence. hmm. so there was a letter given to kendall 30 minutes after susan left to the pool. it would be fair to say she was killed in that time, right? especially since the letter told kendall not to come to the pool. maybe this letter wasn't written by susan, actually written by the killer. now that i think about it, i'm actually surprised kendall didn't go. what college student wouldn't want to do it under the water? i don't know. maybe he heard something weird about susan. anyway, let's go to the dean's office. apparently the letter was first sent there. so that letter from earlier was given to the secretary, who used kendall's friend to deliver it. before we get any further, i hope you all are enjoying this video. hit the like button if you enjoy it, and go ahead and go down to the comments and let me know if you think this should be a series. i really want to make this a series. okay, back to the investigation. i think it's time to go see what happened to the third victim, a dance student killed in an elevator. first of all, this building is kinda weird. the building is where the second victim was killed too. seems this building holds the library, classrooms, pool area and a dancing area downstairs. my college in particular, would probably have separate buildings for each let's go see the body. from first glance, it's obvious she died in the elevator. but that's telling us something else. it means she got in the elevator with her killer. the murder happened late at night, and the only people in the building were when everybody was brought into the lobby after the murder, this is according to lieutenant bracken. lieutenant bracken explained that it seems only faculty were in the building alongside police. this is a very telling clue. indeed, according to some officers. kendall helped them gain access to the building since the main door was locked. this is after both parties heard the third victim screaming. so kendall helped them enter the building. i feel like this case is wrapping up. we are getting closer to who the killer could be at every second. the last victim was killed in the locker rooms early morning. i say we investigate the area. everybody can agree that loud music was playing that blinded the noise of chainsaws. this is how the victim died and how the killer masked his presence. according to kindle and undercover officer mary riggs, they saw willard hiding something in the back room before returning to talk to them about the rigged sound system. what is up with willard? mary and willard both confirmed that someone with the right access tamper with the sound system. according to willard, though somebody stole his keys. wait a second, the door to the sound system doesn't even need keys. [Music], oh no. then this means anybody could have done it. right? well, actually, maybe just access to the building needs a certain set of keys, and not the room itself. either way, this means that someone with knowledge of the buildings had to have messed with the sound system. prior to this whole murder scenario, a girl on a skateboard accidentally ran into a big mirror. it's never mentioned what happened to her, but i guess it's good evidence. okay, that's all i can investigate. it's time for the solo trial. the solo trial is a mental exercise meant to connect evidence together, tear down false statements and convict the killer. you got all the evidence right. it's time to catch chainsaw charlie. i already know the killer. it's kendall. what the [ __ ] is a doubtful thought. maybe this is my best way to catch the killer by myself. i have to prove myself wrong. i'll have to listen to various unrelated or related statements and see if i can shoot down the false facts. they think it's one of the staff. it's me. why susan would use your office for something like that? i'm up a tree with this guy, man. are we exactly sure kendall is the killer? what about they think it's one of the staff? it's me. why susan would use your office for something like that? kendall can't be the killer because he was at the scene of the crime. huh? didn't that prove he was the killer? actually, he can't be the killer, since the murder happened before he entered the pool area. the door he came in though, was actually the door most people used to enter the pool area. sure, willer saw him come through this area, but that means he was actually doing something other than murdering. he was planning on meeting the victim here. well, why did he run away then? why did he run away? i got a good idea. i got it. kendall ran because he thought willard was the killer. it's likely kendall entered the area, saw willard with his hand on the chainsaw and assumed the worse. i assure you, you have nothing to worry about. i'm up a tree with this guy. i'm pretty sure the murder is someone on or around the campus. kendall was always in the right places. kendall the killer again? but doesn't he have him? sure you have nothing to worry about. no, that's wrong. did i really forget that? kendall was with the police officers right before the murder of the third victim. kendall and the two officers heard the victim scream, and they can testify on kendo's behalf that he was right there with him. so i think kendall's clean. very well. let's at least get the basic information out of the way. we know the killer used a chainsaw, often killed with people right around the corner, and knew the layout of the school. but how did he not get seen once? even better, how exactly did the killer know when to kill his victims? something in me is wondering how the killer knew when to get close. is it because i got it? i believe the killer stalked his victims. this is mostly conjecture, but it's fair to assume, if the killer stalked his victims, he knew there were teens and where to kill. are you them the note? the note telling kendall to meet her in the pool, the killer must have gotten it away. so that must mean the killings or random luck. something in me believes that the killer operated on opportunity. i need to prove to myself that these killings weren't random. [Music]. it's very difficult to remember. everybody. if the murder was random, then why would the killer know the sin? it's very difficult to remember, everybody, no, that's wrong. in order to kill susan, the killer would have have to work fast. the note to kindle may have helped the killer, but only as to write a letter to sin to kindle to keep him away. speaking of what was the point of the note in the first place? i got it the note wasn't telling kendall to come only. it was telling kendall what time to come, otherwise she wouldn't have told him to come anyway. verbally, remember that. [Music]. so i conclude that the killer used the note to craft a quick letter to kindle to keep him away. just the fact that the note was taken from kindle means that the killer was stalking her in the first place. well, it's kind of shaky, but i'll accept it. so guys, hope you are enjoying this video. remember, a solo trial is only a trial where the investigator has no friends. so leave a like on this video if you want to see this become a series. y'all know y'all love this. stop playing. okay, let's get back to the trial. anyway, you can't believe willard is innocent, right? it's like the film wants you to suspect him, true, but i don't think willard is entirely innocent. what exactly do i think willard is? i got it. while willard might not or might be, the killer, he is pretty suspicious of other crimes. for one, why did he fight the police? just surrender. you just made yourself look even worse. now they probably could book you for that. the reason why he fought the police was because he thought they called him for his real crime, thievery. is even hinted by the dean that he's been casing the joint. kendall and mary even saw him hide a bag from them. while he may be innocent of murder, it doesn't mean he's innocent. it would also explain why he was in the lobby after the third murder. he has no reason to still be on the campus at that time of night. anyway, let's get to what happened to the third victim. the third victim was a dance student. so perhaps the killer killed her after she was done late night practicing. yes. but it's where she died that's important. are you saying that she got in the elevator with her killer? there is no evidence to prove that she did or didn't know the killer. how do you know? it could have been any one of the suspects? what did you gag me? huh? i wouldn't make any noise, then i'll blow your brains [Music], i really don't want to see bad dubbing or hear casanova, again, i gotta figure out why only the suspects could have entered the elevator. what if you gagged me? huh? i wouldn't make any noise, then i'll blow your brains out. cazanova, no, that's wrong. the reason why it had to be a suspect is because the doors to the buildings were locked. kendall had to enter in a window just to get in, and it's fair to assume somebody unlocked it once the police came. however, this means that only people inside the building can be suspects. and since kindle is clean, that means the staff has to be a killer. only staff members were in the building after i didn't know teachers stayed that long, but whatever. i guess is that the only proof? actually, it's not, but we would have to move on to the fourth victim. it's simple. the killer mess with the sound system, but there are only a small set of individuals who can do that. keys. someone stole willard's keys and used them. so couldn't that mean anybody could have done it? but kendall is still clear. he was with mary the whole time of the fourth murder. so that means willard, professor brown, or the dean? i'll be honest, i can't prove professor brown stole the keys. he's like a scapegoat this entire film, only to be forgotten. willard. the last time we see him is when kendall discovers the fourth victim. i think he made a quick getaway. i think i have evidence that shortens the suspects more. how anybody could have stolen the keys and change the sound system? anybody could have stolen the keys and change the sound system? wow, that was an oscar-worthy bastard. but does everybody know how to work the sound system? no, that's wrong. [Music]. the only people who could have changed the sound system were people who knew the layout of the building and the system itself. wheeler just got there. he's on a contract and was being pushed to leave by the dean. so does this mean you have an idea who the killer is yes, i do. i got it. the dean is the killer. he is the only one who could calmly stalk his victims without them noticing. know the layout of all the school in order to get away quickly. and the dean is the most likely person that the third victim met. if you recall, only staff members were in the building or could get in the building at that time. and of course, the dean has the power to lock any doors he wants. the killer knew kendall would go to the pool to meet the second victim and quickly wrote a letter to stop him. is it a coincidence that the dean was the only person to read the letter? rather than take the letter to kindle himself, he taxed the secretary to do it, even though he knew it was urgent, probably because he was doing something else while the letter was being in transit. murder, i'm sure. the demon is the killer. all the questions have been answered and the truth has been revealed. now here's what happened. [Music]. so [Music], the killer is you. i think i'd better take one more look back at this case from the beginning. on day one, the killer randomly murdered a student in broad daylight, taking her head with him. on day 2, the killer was in the process of stalking his next victim when kendall came into the picture. the killer usually stalked his victims before killing them when they are lacking. kendall going to have sex with the victim too, was a threat, so the killer forced a letter quickly, made sure to give it to his secretary. after confirming it, he left to kill victim 2, hoping his secretary would deliver it to kendall. kendall wanted good grades before he got a good nut, but still felt like he needed to show up since he has danger. since the killer was aided by willard's suspiciousness, and was allowed to kill again. on day three, the killer stalked another potential victim, the dance girl. after confirming that his victim practices late into the night, the killer creeped her into running away. it was then that the victim recognized the killer, a staff member who could only be there since they have the keys to enter the building. she met her gory demise. kendall helped officers get inside by climbing through a window where it's obvious that the suspects are only staff members who stayed late. the killer slipped in shortly after the hassle. on day four, the killer would murder his last victim. using willard's keys, he broke into the sound system room and rigged it to provide him cover as he murdered his latest victims. the only person who could do this is someone who knew the layout of the building and how to operate the sound system. willard is a new groundskeeper who was sure of staying away from work he didn't need to do. professor brown was aloof and never went anywhere but the library. knowing that kendall has various alibis, that means the only person possible is someone who knows all about the building and has the power to open various doors to it. isn't that right? dean. and that's it, huh? i loved making this video, but it was tough. so i would love if y'all would allow me to do a monthly series where i investigate whodunit films. this video was just practice, so i was just showing you what i would like to do. this format is from dangan rompa, an awesome mystery series that you should check out if you haven't. this was a blast to make, but future installments would have stricter rules. leave a like on this video if you enjoyed, and hit me up on ig or email or the comments to let me know any ideas and series names, etc. because i know y'all love this joint. stay tuned for the double upload, and i'll see y'all later. spooky out. 