hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2019 horror film escape room, starring taylor russell. warning, spoilers ahead. a puzzle cube is presented to six people from different backgrounds, zoe a physics student, jason a wealthy day trader, ban a stock boy, mike a truck driver, amanda, an iraq war veteran, and danny, an escape room enthusiast. they are invited to participate in an escape room with a ten thousand dollar prize if they solve the puzzle. the participants arrive at an office building without being greeted, and when ben tries to leave, the door handle falls off, signaling the start of the challenge. they managed to get out of the first two rooms, which include a massive heating oven and a winter cabin. however, once the key is found, the rooms become deadly. danny drowns after falling through the ice in an icy room. amanda dies in an upside down billiards bar, where parts of the floor fall into a deep shaft below. jason kills mike to solve a puzzle in a hospital room filled with poisonous gas, and ben kills jason in a room filled with optical illusions and strobe lights over an antidote required to escape. after escaping the final room, where a wall moves inwards to crush him, ben meets the game master who controls the game that the puzzle maker designed. the game master explains that every year they attract players who have something in common, and wealthy viewers wager on the outcome, with the current game attracting soul survivors of previous disasters. the game master tries to kill ben, but zoe steps in and saves him, and the two of them kill the game master together. zoe returns to the building with a detective, while ben recovers because all evidence of the game has vanished. the police do not believe zoe. they don't believe ben either, because he was found to be under the influence of drugs. while looking at the graffiti on the wall, zoe notices the words no way out, which she recognizes as an anagram for wooten you, implying that the game isn't over yet. six months later, zoe meets up with ben and shows him newspaper articles in which the deaths of the other players were misconstrued as common occurrences, zoe refuses to move on when ben suggests it. she gives ben hints that point to an unlisted manhattan building. ben agrees to accompany her on her journey. the puzzle maker, on the other hand, is already planning to turn their flight into a new deadly survival game. thanks for watching movies in five minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 