an elegant reflection of emergency's transition from young woman to lightly older queen. are almost identical, but there we are. age is rarely kind to anyone. mr wilson came to me asking my permission to go to russia. i even heard a rumor that he's a kgb spy. mr wilson, that's ridiculous. the country has spoken. your party has won the election. the duty befores me as sovereign to ask you to form a government in my name. congratulations, prime minister. if i am to say a few words, i wonder if you might give me another of your wonderful tutorials with pleasure. your predecessor had very little patience with me. winston is dead. you are my guardian angel. the spine in my back, the iron in my heart. you were the compass that steered and directed me. where would great britain be without its no bless you. instead, the surveyor of the queen's pictures. sir anthony blunt was the fourth man in the cambridge spyrin and a member of the royal household. he spent 15 years as an active kgb mole and passed almost 2 000 documents of sensitive military secrets. i'm sad to say, he has confessed [Music] in full, i am going to be watching you. on one wrong step, treacherous snake, and i will expose you and have you thrown in jail. you may remember, at the height of the profumo sex scandal, there was talk of a member of the royal family being involved. there was speculation that a number of portraits of that senior member of the royal family had been found in his apartment. imagine how awful it would be, for example, if those pictures saw the light of day. now, a storm it would create. and for what? now, the prime minister has made several attempts to speak to the president about another bailout rescue package, but the president refuses to take his call. that president johnson failed to attend sue winston's funeral, yes on account of a cult. president johnson is a busy man. you're too busy to talk to his oldest ally, i fear that the president may have taken against me for what he sees as my failure to support him over vietnam. a peace offering from the briggs open to secure the bailout. that's as good as it gets. even candidate never got that really. so my position has not changed. it is still no. thank you, your majesty. all is lost that princess margaret should accept the invitation, go to the white house and use the occasion to win over hearts and minds to the british course, for once, to play things by the book. what happens if i fail? and the government would be left with no option but to devalue the power? yeah, that's what i thought, you crook. and all because margaret was all the things i'd specifically begged her not to be, all the things i could never be. president johnson agreed thoroughly, enthusiastically, unreservedly. prime minister, well played, your royal highness, very well. made all that water turned enough of the cold waste inside the tip into slurry to cause the sinkhole. and then about a quarter past nine, that liquid waste broke free of the tip slid down the mountain. i was hoping i might persuade you to go. the very last thing emergency and rescue services need when they're working against the clock is the queen turning. used to digging for curl now digging to reach their children. he then went to the mortuary where people were waiting to identify the children's bodies. [Music], they didn't smash things up. they didn't fight in the streets. what did they do? they sang the whole community. so it's the most astonishing thing i've ever heard. you're going to tell me it was inappropriate. the fact is, anyone heard that him today would not just have whipped. [Music] broken into a thousand tiny pieces. [Music] facilitation. it was decided that, as as part of a new public relations initiative, you're going to be launched what and to that end, i'd like you to participate alongside the whole family in a landmark film to be shown on television. i spoke to the prime minister today. as you know, athens is in the throes of a military cool. yes, the foreign office view is that we should send a plane to bring your mother to england, which is not of our world, nor, frankly, suited to it. she's she's been in institutions most of her adult life. she's not that watching them travel from castle to castle, palace the palace, in yachts and airplanes. we pay for bring her over, put her in a room next to princess anne, she can keep an eye on her, yes, ma'am. well, it seems the documentary not only failed to achieve what i had hoped for, it has somehow achieved the opposite. we're going to do. i would like to offer you to the manchester guardian as the subject of a major, in-depth profile. i'm john armstrong from the guardian. could we have an interview? yes, of course, she said yes. for princess alice is that rarest of creatures, a member of a royal family that has suffered more than the rest of us, worked harder than the rest of us and created more good than the rest of us. but instead of business, princess alice dedicated her life to charity work, public service and campaigning for social justice, often at great personal risk. i think it best if that documentary were never seen again anywhere by anyone. the government proposed, and we agree, that you should spend a term at the university there to learn the language. and the government's thinking answer, why not pull him out of cambridge and send him to worlds for return? we think it could be enormously helpful. my speech, it was written for me by people who don't know me. so, of course, it doesn't reflect who i actually am, or what i think, or indeed, what i have come to learn having been here in wales. [Music]. and there are one or two tiny additions i'd like to make in my own voice, which actually come from me. the similarity between wales's suffering and jaws was clear. if this union is to endure, then we must learn to respect each other's differences. nobody likes to be ignored, to not be seen or heard or listened to. am i seen for who and what i am? no. do i have a voice? rather too much of a voice for my liking. i am not just a symbol. i can lead, not just by wearing a uniform or by cutting a ribbon, but by showing people who i am. no one wants to hear it. one small step here at the palace. yes. they're being sent around the world on a victory tour. shall i go back with a yes, my god. yes, please. mr neil armstrong, colonel michael collins and colonel edwin aldrin, you're all honest. it is a great sir. great honor. gentlemen. congratulations. i didn't know what i was thinking. i expected them to be giants, gods. in reality, there were just three little men, pale-faced, with cults examined the modifications. as it happens, there is someone i quite like, the one cheering you on today, yes, who used to be with andrew parker-bowles, until they had a falling out over anne. mr heath, the people have voted in your party's favor. as they're sovereign, i invite you to form a government in my name. congratulations. thank you, majesty. they all did. but the crown always finds its way to the right head. and and one day, god willing, your son, you don't think he's up to it, what does he say? take the letters. read them. i'm sure you know that the family would have preferred me not to visit you, afraid perhaps i might recognize myself in you. what a king you would have made in a kinder world. what a king we were denied. you were cruelly denied your right to reign alongside the woman that you wanted by your side. stared at me, she gave me a warning about what my family i don't want to lose her ever. she's the one. how shall we handle this? well, i can take care of charles. nice. long posting overseas will bring him to his senses. i'll speak to one of the admiralty. eight months on the other side of the world. it'll soon go away. i have invited all hell this afternoon. it's a slightly delicate matter, something of an imbroglio, involving your son, derek, your daughter, mrs shrand, and my grandson, the prince of wales. we believe it's his intention to ask her to marry him, as long as he's prepared for there to always be three in the marriage. andrew parker-bowles, camilla's first love and the man she's still devoted to. she's but the more time i spent with you, the more i got to know you, the more my feelings changed. obviously not enough, but that's not true. whatever anyone tells you, you must believe that my feelings for you are real. obviously, poor charles. stupid, naive charles. yes. so what's the next step? the families have been spoken to. the date has been set for camilla to be married to the parker bells boy. good. all that's missing is for someone to let them right. kind of partnership will you tell charles, it would only create rancor and resentment. and while i may approve of the decision, none of this nonsense was my idea. forget what about there are so many exchanges of views these days. they've moved on, all right. he's moved on on to the next. and when i tell you that my husband is out of the country, betraying me another woman, what about him? the one with all his clothes on? well, that's roddy. i wouldn't be a responsible elder sister or head of the family if i didn't say how happy it would make us all, but particularly margaret. if you two were to patch things up again, who she's met, what she's doing, how she's conducting, the floozy and the scrounger lady in the trap. it's not entirely margaret's fault. she had gone a long way to be private. spending 12 hours on an airplane doesn't give you license to behave like a [ __ ]. you must bring her back straight away. that won't be easy. she doesn't take well to my orders, fine, and she can take mine. say to it, please, martin, please leave. i won't leave. you don't want me to leave. what is a princess. you go after him and i'll divorce you. [Music], nitrazipam. the princess talk was quite critical, ma'am. nitrazepam, did you mean it? i don't know. possibly, of all the people everywhere you are the closest and most important to me. you wanted to let me imagine for one minute what life would be like without you. you succeeded. and now, the poet laureate, sir john benjamin, god save the queen. and 25 years later, so sure her reign has been that our great events are greater for the presence of our queen. let the bells from every steeple ring out loud the jubilee you 