black mirror, bander snatch has just hit netflix, and the tv's unique premise leaves a lot to unpack from it. the show presents a pick your own adventure style of storytelling that allows the viewers to affect the outcome of the show due to the choices that they make whilst watching it. reportedly, there's over 312 minutes of footage that is condensed into roughly 90, depending on the plot branches that watches take. throughout this video, i'll be breaking down the choices that i made and explaining what i took from the ending. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so if you don't want to know anything about bandersnatch, then i highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, i'm definition and welcome to the channel where i ruin it so you don't have to set in 1984. we follow stefan, a game designer who is showcasing his game, banner snatch, based on the book of the same name. we watch him start the day by smiling because he chose sugar puffs and then the now too, which is, of course, the right thing to do, as this allows us to hear the eurythmics and start the day off on the right track. upon reaching the game design studio, we see a poster for metalhead, which, of course, ties into the black mirror episode of the same name and confirms that this was indeed a computer game, as many viewers theorized. stefan then showcases his game, bandersnatch, which too revolves around choices, similar to the episode itself. stefan accepts a job offer from the company, and we flash forward five months and see that banner snatch is receiving extremely negative reviews. stefander finally states that he wishes to start again, and we are transported back to the beginning, aware of the outcome. now, stefan refuses to offer to work with the team, and instead states that he wishes to complete the project from home alone. we then joined the character in therapy discussing his mother's passing, which i decided to talk about openly. we learned that after stefan couldn't find a child's toy that his father hid, he refused to go with his mother, and she was killed on a train that derailed. stefan feels guilt, but also blames his father for hiding the toy. this highlights that even the most meaningless events have ground consequences. when out shopping, stefan picks up a book called the lives of jerome f. davies, which discusses the biography of the creator of the band snatchbook. stefan uses the perspectives presented in it and redesigns his game. here i chose shouting at his father instead of destroying the game, as this seemingly was the lesser of two evils. but in the end, it caused the character to spiral further into his obsession. this was made worse when i made stefan refuse therapy and instead had him follow colin, who makes him take lsd in order to heighten his reality and to help pull him out of the hole he is in at design wise. colin informs stephane that time is cyclical and that mirrors allow you to move through time. and through flashbacks, we can alter the choices we make to alter the present. colin proves that life doesn't matter because of the altered paths and commits suicide, which causes stephane to flashback and choose to go to his therapist instead of chasing colin. stefan was medicated, but i chose to flush these instead to focus on the game. when demoing banner snatch, though, we discover that colin is missing and that the game is broken. however, there was a mysterious package left behind by colin. this tape discusses the life of jerome, who likes stefan became obsessed about branching paths of reality and became completely swept up with murdering his wife. stefan nearly destroys his computer, but refuses to, which eventually leads to him discovering a password encrypted computer. i incorrectly entered the password, which caused the situation to reset. and when trying to destroy the computer once and for all, i could not. stefan realizes that forces are controlling him and questions what they are. the show then completely breaks the fourth wall and states that we are on netflix, watching him, and we attempted to explain this, but failed to. this caused stephane to fall further into therapy as he attempted to understand the scenario. stefan then ramps up the action when tempted to and throws coffee in his therapist's face before fighting her and his father. this caused the timeline to reset, and we hid that we were netflix. but it still caused stefan to realize that he was not in control, which allowed us to make the choice to kill his father. we then chopped up the body and had a breakthrough with the game that allowed stefan to finish it by only giving the player the illusion of free will. the game then receives rave reviews, and we flash forward and discover that stefan was arrested shortly after its release, and that colin's daughter is now a games designer that is developing a game for netflix based on banner snatch. she soon discovers stefan within the code, trapped and reliving the same choices, destroying the computer in order to stop the events from playing out once more. but maybe it would have had a different outcome had i made different choices. what i love about the show is that it's a true representation of life. life is just a constant set of choices that all wield different outcomes that will alter the path we walk on it significantly. stefan's life could have easily gone a completely different direction. but due to seemingly insignificant choices, there are completely different outcomes a bandus snatch is a fierce mythical creature, immune to bribery and capable of moving very fast. and to me, this holds many connotations over the show. throughout the episode, stefan is often bribed and tempted with certain choices that he believes will alter his life for the better, even if they have negative effects. in the end, though, he is completely corrupted by the knowledge that there is no real choice and that we are all on a path to our ultimate end. it's a genius move that highlights that individuality is an illusion and that we are all more similar than we would care to admit. i absolutely love the show and can't wait to watch it again to see how differently the story could have gone. to me, the episode was absolutely incredible and stands strong as the next step of evolution in television. so what did you think of the black mirror special? did you enjoy it and what ending did you get? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of bird box, which will be linked at the end. netflix blocked the video twice, so i've lost quite a lot of views on it. and i've had to start again each time. so i massively appreciate just one click on it. this is a channel for people who are hardcore into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. i've been definition. you've been the best. and i hope you have a great 2019. take care. peace. speaking of great choices, you should make the choice to just just click that subscribe button. go on. just click it. just click it. go on. stephane would do it. [Music]. peace you. 