this boy can stretch his body parts. this cute little girl spits could turn into sharks. another little girl can make objects fly with her voice. a boy can change his face to his will. these two brothers even have the ability to control time. who are they? why do they have such superpowers? they are all children of superheroes. our main character is missy. her father is the captain of the superhero team. after missy's mother died, he stopped fighting against supervillains. he took his daughter to school, then went to the hero's headquarter to work. but unexpectedly, aliens have come and invaded the earth. all people with superpowers must join the fight. the kids are still at school and don't know that a disaster has happened. today is the first day missy goes to school. she introduced herself, i'll be joining you today. when the teacher was gone, noodle stretched his neck to hear if the teacher was gone. she left. the whole class started to riot. they all use their super powers. the boy in a wheelchair has a remarkable mind. noodles can stretch his body parts. acapella can use her voice to make things float around. slowmo can slow down the movements of objects rewind and fast. can control time. facemaker can transform his face. ojo could foresee the future. and wildcard is almighty, but his abilities are unstable. little guppy can turn her spits into sharks. but missy has no superpowers, whatever. aliens invaded earth. their parents went to protect the world. the kids are watching the super team against the aliens on tv. because of the lack of solidarity in the team, the whole team was destroyed. the tv also loses the signal. aliens claim they want to take over earth. the children are very worried because their parents have been arrested. now missy asks the children to unite to save their parents. wildcard did not listen. he has always been the captain, so he doesn't want to listen to missy's orders. missy doesn't care about him. the little girl gathers children who are trying to save their parents. when they were about to escape, guards appeared and stopped them. these guards seemed to be the bad guys. guppy stepped forward and provoked the guards. they laughed, but just for a second. the guards were defeated by guppy. first blood, double kill. at this moment, another guard wants to attack guppy. noodles reaches out to take him down. he also takes the card to open the security door. one guard pushes the warning button. the iron door is locked. they can't go out. suddenly, the alien attacks. the wild card fast told his brother to rewind the time, go back to the time before the guard pressed the warning button. wheels quickly stopped the guard. they got out, but were surrounded by more of the guards. acapella sang the guards were immediately hovering in the air. she turned them into stairs. they stepped on them and exited the place. they got on the train, but the guard blocked the exit. acapella again used her power to make the car fly. noodles uses his rubber body to change the direction of the train. they were successfully managed to escape. the base guards didn't understand what happened on the train. acapella, due to damage to the larynx, loses superpowers. they crashed into the ground. luckily, everyone was fine. at this point, they accidentally went to missy's grandmother's house do [Music]. then guppy created a key with her saliva. they got out, but they started arguing. wildcard wants to be the captain. he immediately went to save his parents. but missy wants to prevent aliens from invading the earth. they are surrounded. a cappella used sound waves to temporarily took down a man in black. slomo used his superpower to knock them all guppy also used his ultimate technique to fight the bad guy. parents are very proud when they see their kids kicking the villain spot on tv. but then the bad woman reappeared. they used iron chains to arrest the children. the brothers rewind and fast use their superpowers to go back in time. the children successfully escaped. they came to a place like a pyramid. this is a fortress. they want to destroy it, but the outside of the pyramid has a protective shell. at this point, missy discovers ojo is a spy. oh ho hated the superhero team so much that she betrayed them. but surprisingly, there was wildcard's voice from somewhere. turns out they were pretending to argue to lure ojo into revealing her true identity. they soon found out that ojo has something sketchy. seeing her plan unfold, oh ho draws some monsters. within just few strokes, those monsters became alive. missy tells noodles to turn into a bout, and guppy makes darts. and then they attacked the monster. two monsters were instantly defeated. guppy was out of saliva. she needs more water. wheels says the pyramid's protective layer is liquid. guppy immediately created a giant shark. with her superpowers, defeating all the monsters. they were able to swap the pyramid's chip. some mysterious mechanism was triggered. their parents appeared in front of a badass background. it turns out their parents made a plan with the aliens to challenge them. at this time, the kid was united, and they were strong enough to fight evil, protect the world. in life, we will always face challenges. we must know how to unite help each other. if you also have superpowers, what superpowers would you like to have? leave a comment below to let me know. see you in the next video. 