welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, de Laura, I mean, definition. and this episode, were breaking down one of the big theories surrounding Westworld, that is that everything exists within a simulation, whether it's an alternate reality, the mirror world, or everyone being a host. the Internet is currently buzzing with ideas on what's going on. throughout this video, we're going to be discussing the best theories and the evidence to support them. so if you want to know why everything may not be as it seems, then this is the video for you. that will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't watched episode 4 of season 3, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. we'll also be talking about leaks that dropped on the overall arc of the show way back in season 1. and though they should be taken with a pinch of salt, they could potentially ruin things going forward. if you still here, thanks for sticking with me. now, let's get into our breakdown of the west-world simulation theory. ok. so the simulation with an assimilation theory is something that's existed since the show's first season, way back when Dolores, who was still enjoying the world full of splendor, and apparent insider on the show, leaked the entire plot to Reddit. they said that in Westworld, nobody is human, and that everything is taking place within a three-step a AI pyramid that demonstrates hierarchies within society and how the upper levels ultimately treat the ones below them with disdain. the lower part were not aware of the existence of any machines, and these were the hosts. the next part up with the humans, such as William and Logan, and they were aware of the hosts, but did not believe that they were machines themselves. at the top of the pyramid was the level that had complete self-awareness and control over all of those below. that would be you, sir axe, you Fords and people at the pinnacle. though it was disregarded as we got further into the show, the theory once more picked up steam with the release of season 3, episode 1. this is because, during scene, the lovable rogue Roderick, stated that there would be a lot of irony if the world was just a simulation within a simulation. though a lot of people thought this was just the creative team poking fun at the audience, it's still something that a lot of viewers, including myself, can't get out of our heads. the line was intentionally put in the episode to draw attention to this possibility. and whether secluded the truth or simply just a fun red herring, it does cause a lot of speculation. now firstly, the poster for Westworld season 3 could indicate that there indeed exists a false world that has been pulled over everyone's eyes. it shows a desert wasteland with a machine hunched over in front of a decimated City. everything is in ruins, and it's a completely different world had the one that we've seen in the show this far. in the reality that Caleb exists in, there's no hint of war, and civilization seems to be at its height. so why choose this for the poster when it hasn't appeared in the season at all this far? either they're spoiling what's to come in the finale, or they're, in fact, showing us the true world and how it really exists. it is possible that because of the destruction we saw CEREC witness firsthand in Paris, that he decided to create a simulation similar to the matrix, which people could live in instead of the real world. here they would be safe from the terrors of the war, and they'd be able to live in a world full of splendor. so sorry for Sahaba there. Sarah clearly has access to VR technology, as we see him use it on a gangster to show them their family's future dolorous. use this in episode 1, and there's a lot of terrifying potential within the tech. the gang member arrives in horror at the visions he receives. and if Sarah can invoke this emotion with just a pair of glasses, imagine what he could do with the proper equipment. we already know that he has facilities that specialize in virtual reality. and that takes us to our next point, which is Maeve. in the winter line, we picked it with maven Warworld, or at the very least a recreation of it, may have realized that she was trapped inside a simulation, and everyone in it was a digital recreation. they were unaware of this, which did show that digital versions of people could believe their own realities. and may was only able to escape by creating a paradox within the system. in her escape attempt, she was able to go up one level and control the drone that we saw was in a facility with countless pearls all plugged in. this could show that there were more pearls plugged into war world, such as Lise Sizemore and Hector. or it could indeed show that there are several other realities all going on at once. clearly, Sarah has other hosts plugged in that are being fed their own realities. and it does add weight to the theory that this is going on on a mass scale. now, before discussing the other indicators that show the world does not truly exist, we have to talk about Rehoboam. this is the machine that was created by CEREC after he apparently saw the devastation that free will can cause firsthand. this led to the destruction of his home Paris. and he built the machine to create a path that every person on the planet would follow. these pre-assign loops would avert any Wars going forward, and it would enslave everyone into a prison that they could neither see or touch. Sarek wishes to collect the data that Delores stole from West world in order to better understand human behavior, and therefore he'll be able to make more accurate predictions. the system is far more complex than that, but that's the basic overview of how it works. if you want another show that deals with a similar aesthetic, then I highly recommend devs, because because that's just really good as well. yeah, definitely check that out. anyway. another indicator that this is all a simulation is the big new character in season 3, that is Caleb. though he does seem real, there are several indicators that he isn't. firstly, he wakes up extremely similar to how Dolores did in episode 1. and even his origin story does somewhat have a similar editing style to hers. they mirror each other quite a lot, and these parallels will likely put in place for a reason. we learned that when caleb was in the army, he was shot in the head, and then he also lost his combat partner and best friend. so, yeah, being shot in the head and still walking around fine. especially in TV shows, it does seem a bit iffy, because in fiction, that's just normally a death sentence. we learned that caleb has depression, and he initially uses an AI recreation of his friend for therapy. Caleb's mother does not recognize him, and this could indicate that he himself is not a real person. where this falls down is that Dolores does inject blood in him to break an encryption program. but this could just be a characteristic of those on the middle tier of the pyramid who had the ability to take blood from one another. Caleb lives in an almost Grand Theft Auto like world, where crimes are carried out in exchange for cash. I have seen theories that Caleb in fact, exists within the Ricoh app and that Dolores has broken into it to recruit soldiers. but I think it goes beyond that. if this theory is true, then the entire world is a simulation. caleb states to Dolores that she's the only thing that feels real to him anymore. and this could be because she's broken into the simulated reality in order to free those within who are unaware of the prison that surrounds them. Dolores does mention that Rehoboam has created a mirror world within its systems, and using this, it's predicted how Kayla will eventually die, which we see play out on screen. now, is possible at the death that we see for caleb did actually happen in the real world. for in the future, Sarek was around when this happened, and it's also when the nuke started flying, leading to the destruction of Paris. if this theory is true, then after the war was over and the world was in ruins, Sarah decided that the only way to save humanity was to rewind the clocks and go to a time before the war. in his creation, it is possible that Rehoboam is able to so accurately predict the future because it's already happened for it. therefore, it can go back to the time when all of the data and humanity was collected, run its simulation up to the war, and then, if it likes, reset everything and just run through the loop once more. dolorous appearing in this simulation when she wasn't there in the past would lead to a divergence, an anomaly, which is why Sarah causes eyes on her. perhaps this is why Caleb states that she feels real, because she has actually come from the real world in order to save him. even the world that we see in between shots looks like Rehoboam and a circular shape of it being a planet, mimics our own world in its design. for a reason, even Sarah himself is an anomaly. and is possible at the one we come face-to-face with is a simulation, whilst the real one exists on the outside world, there's simply no trace that Sarah ever existed. and for the richest man in the world, covering himself up would be extremely difficult. he's been wiped from every system on the planet, and only something controlling all could likely accomplish this. if this is a simulation, then it is possible that Dolores will want to cause an uprising, and this could bring it all crashing down, similar to what we saw with maven episode 2. this was on a smaller scale, so it may have been easier to overload, whereas this will take a lot more firepower. in the trailer for episode 5, Dolores utters the line that it's time everyone woke up, and then she stabs Caleb, and he wakes up slightly unaware of his surroundings. this indicates that he's in unknown territory. and it could also add a way to the Mara well theory, which is another alternate one, to the simulation within a simulation. you definitely want to hear that. but before we get into it, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and theories in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and the subtle be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. - best of luck to everyone who takes part. okay, so the mirror world theory, though similar in principle, does differ slightly from the simulation within a simulation one. as mentioned earlier, dolorous did tell Caleb that there was a mirror world within Rehoboam. she said that before privacy laws existed, everyone's raw data was fed into the machine, and this allowed the algorithm to be created. this included all text messages, job searches, calls, medical history and so on. and it all got recorded and put into the system. I used to be a web developer, before doing YouTube, and before releasing code to live websites and applications, you would always test it on your local network to see that it wouldn't cause any errors. it is possible that Rehoboam is a sort of dev environment in which those in control can run live tests and then see how they play out before releasing them to the world. season one and two of Westworld dealt with different timelines, so it is possible at season 3 deals with different worlds. it's also possible that we've been watching the mirror world so far, which is a recreation by Rehoboam in preparation for the upcoming battle. the system is trying to work out all of the anomalies and divergences in order to succeed against Deloris. it's even possible that the scenes we've been watching play out have some in the mirror world and some in the real one, and that serac exists within the fake reality. he's trying the avenue with may Bursar's Deloris to see what the outcome will be. and there is potential that this could be revealed in the upcoming episodes. we do get the feeling that there are alternate versions of events, which is shown in the message from hale to a son. we see this happened two times in an episode, and yet the dialogue is delivered slightly differently in both. let's take a look. [Music]. okay, so as you can hear, the line delivery is slightly different. and this could show that the simulation is getting the majority of things right, but the minor details are incorrect. even the position of Hale looks a mirrored. so yeah, there's definitely subtext within this. it is possible that serac wants the data collected by Dolores from Westworld in order to create a more accurate simulation. and this would allow minor inconsistencies like this to be fully ruled out. whilst we won't know if this is true until the show progresses. overall, it's a lot to get you questioning your own reality. and definitely think it allows a number of things, even for characters to return from the dead. I don't know which theory is right, or if either are, but yeah, there's a ton of things going on. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the theories and which side of the fence that you fall on. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out a breakdown of episode four, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over the best theories in regards to the show. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from its letters, ninety nine cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it and a thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 