this man is very interesting. his elephant helps him to take a shower, and his crocodile shaves him. his lawnmower is a king crab. even the dinosaurs have turned into cranes. the fat man works at a quarry. to take attendance points for the month, he built an alarm clock to wake up on time. as the sun rose, the glass stone instantly burned the robe, caused the rock to fell on his head. his best friend is a silly guy. one day, the silly guy wants to adopt a child. the fat man took all his savings to lend him alone. but then his wife, the beautiful woman, wants to exchange money for a new garbage disposal machine. but the savings are no more. the fat guy rushed to the kitchen to avoid her. he grabbed the boar's mouth and pulled out something. it turned out that there was a fork stuck in the grill. the beautiful woman continued to ask him about the money. the fat guy tells the truth. but she is not angry. she feels happy that she has married the right person. they sat on a strange bus to get to the adoption center. the abbott hugged a baby. the silly guy was very emotional. but he was startled when he opened the towel. that's not a human the abbott explained that she was mistaken. now a baby peeked out from behind her. the silly guy was very satisfied. the abbott took a photo of them, but it stirred the crap out of the boy. the used to stick to beat the silly guy, which caused him to faint. since they adopted this baby, his house has always been noisy. the boy can lift a bench. guess what happened with the silly guy when he was playing with the boy. the foods at the site were delicious, lamb thighs, dinosaur eggs, lizard bread, watermelon, chilled coca. that day the director announced the good news. he said he would choose one person to be a new manager. the promotion test day was quickly approaching. the staff holding exam questions, sharpening pens. the supervisors turned their hourglass and started timing. everyone took the exam and started to carve the answer on a stone. but the fat man found it too difficult. time almost went out. he just then started to carve quickly. in the end, the silly guy swapped his test with the fat man to repay him. the results were quickly announced. the fat guy was hopeless. when he was about to leave, an unexpected thing happened. the fat guy will become the new manager. the next day. he prepared well. he used an elephant to shower, took a crocodile to shave, changed into a new coat and wore a tie. he and the silly guy went to work. after they arrived, the director arranged for him a seducing secretary and a talkative parrot. he feels extremely happy. the fat man now is a manager. he is not the man he used to be. he changed to a new house, a new car, bought expensive clothing. even the mother-in-law, who always looked down on him, flattered him to congratulate the fat guy. the silly guy organized a big party and gave him a limited edition handbag. unexpectedly, fat man refused it and his dumb kindness, and even fired him. the beautiful woman went shopping with a silly guy's wife. his child saw the mink coat and went crazy. as a result, he broke a lot of stuff. the silly guy was unemployed and even had to compensate for the loss. so their life became extremely difficult. his family moved to the fat guy's house. when he drove so [Music] so glass and found out that the waiter was the silly guy, he laughed at him. the silly guy is not happy. he changed the tablecloth and laughed. at that moment, he was dumbfounded to hear the news on tv. all the workers of the quarry were fired by the fat guy. the fat guy was shocked. he didn't know anything. he didn't know that the contracts he signed were dismissal contracts. the silly guy quarreled with him. the silly guy could not stand it anymore. he told everyone the truth. the beautiful woman is not happy. the silly guy's family has to move out. the beautiful woman feels lost. his wife asked him, what could be more important than a 20-year friendship? the fat man replied that he could wear briefs and run around the house. she was very angry. she threw stuff all over the house. she brought the luggage and left. the fat guy found the previous test. he found that the silly guy didn't lie. the director also told him they were corrupted and wanted to find someone to blame to escape from workers pursuit. the fat guy ran away. knowing this news, his wife and the silly guy's wife discussed a plan. they wanted to find ways to save him. at this time, they suddenly remembered the talking parrot. they thought it knew something. she sneakily went to the office, woke up to parrot. at first, the parrot talked a lot and didn't want to help. in the end, the beautiful woman has to use violence. on the other hand, the fat man was arrested by the workers. they intended to hang him. the silly guy was also arrested when he was selling ice cream. two people talked and forgave each other. they stood close together and ignored everything else. at this time, the beautiful woman arrived. the parrot asks the fat guy to apologize to it, and it will tell the truth. i'm sorry. i'm sorry. now everyone knows the truth, so they forgive him. but the director kidnapped the two family's children for intimidation. he forced them to give him the parrot. he hugged the parrot and started the machine. the director ran away. the silly guy goes to save the child. he lies on a catapult. he was shot up and then hit the wall. he got up and jumped toward his kid. then he was hit by the machine. the machine accelerates. hearing the screen, he woke up frantically and saved his son and smashed the theme to pieces. the mud fell on the director to form a statue. the board of directors of the company is extremely satisfied with this work. i love this stuff. he decided to reward the fat guy. after this, the fat man realized the importance of family and friendship. he is no longer greedy for money and power. since then, the two families have spent many happy and happy days together 