[Music]. in Los Angeles, in November 2019, exposure. Rick Deckard is detained by Officer gas and brought to his former supervisor, Bryant. Deckard, whose job as a Blade Runner was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and retire or kill them, is informed that four have come to earth, be legally as tyrell corporation--. nexus 6 models. they have only a four year lifespan and may have come to earth to try to extend their lives. Deckard watches a video of a Blade Runner named Holden administering the voight-komp test, designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their emotional response to questions. the test subject, Leon shoots Holden. after Holden asks about Leon's mother. Bryant wants Deckard to retire Leon and the other three replicants, Roy daddy, Zora and pris. Deckard initially refuses, but after Bryant ambiguously threatens him, he reluctantly agrees. Decker begins his investigation at the Tyrell corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus 6 models. while there, he discovers that Eldon Tyrells assistant rachel is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human. Rachel has been given false memories to provide an emotional cushion. as a result, a more extensive test is required to determine whether she is relevant. events are then set into motion. a pet Deckard search for the replicants against their search for Tyrell to force him to extend their lives. Roy and Leon investigate a replicant I manufacturing laboratories and learn of jf Sebastian, a gifted genetic designer who works closely with Tyrell. Rachael visits deck Arthas apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo. but after dead guard reveals that her memories are implants from Tyrells niece, she leaves his apartment in tears. meanwhile, Chris locates Sebastian and manipulates him to gain his trust. while searching Leone's hotel room, Deckard finds a photo of Zorah and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zora works. Deckard kills aura, and shortly after, his told by Bryan to also retire Rachel, who is disappeared from the Tyrell corporation. after Deckard spots Rachel in the crowd, he is attacked by Leon, but Rachel killed Leon using deck cards dropped pistol. the two returned to deck our department, and during an intimate discussion, he promises not to hunter. as she abruptly tries to leave, that guard physically restrains her, forcing her to kiss him. arriving at Sebastian's apartment, Roy tells press the others are dead. sympathetic to their plight, sebastian revealed that, because of Methuselah syndrome, a genetic premature aging disorder, his life will also be cut short. Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrells secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his makers. Tyrell tells them that it is impossible. Roy confesses that he has done questionable things, which Tyrell dismisses, praising Roy's advanced design and accomplishments in his short life. Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him. Sebastian runs for the elevator, followed by Roy, who then rides the elevator down alone. though not shown, it is implied by Bryant via police radio that Roy also kills Sebastian. upon entering Sebastian's apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Priss, and he manages to kill her just as Roy returns. as Roy starts to die, he chases Deckard through the building, ending up on the roof. Deckard tries to jump to an adjacent roof, but misses and is left hanging precariously between buildings. Roy makes the jump with ease, and as Deckard script loosens Roy, heists him onto the roof, saving him. as Roy's life runs out, he delivers a monologue about how his memories will be lost in time like tears and rain. Roy dies in front of deck guard, who watches silently. gaff arrives and shouts across the deck guard, it's too bad she won't live. but then again, who does that? guard returns to the apartment, can find the door, ajar, but rachel is safe asleep in his bed. as they leave, deck guard notices a small, tin foil origami unicorn on the floor, a familiar calling card that brings back to him. gasps, final words. Deckard and Rachel quickly leave the apartment block 