welcome to the man of recaps. this is Walking Dead, Season eight. at the end of last season, the good guys finally fought back against negan and the Savior's. now they're gearing up for all-out war. our boy Rick leading Alexandria, king Ezekiel of the kingdom, and Maggie is now leading the hilltop. they've got a man on the inside of the Savior's Dwight, to speeding them information, like where their scouts are, so they can take them out. and the gang rolls up on the sanctuary. negan comes out. what's going on here? Rick's like, surrender or die. but negan's got Gregory, the former leader of the hilltop. he constantly switches sides based on who looks like they're gonna win. and now he's like, hilltop stands with negan. but Maggie's like, Lowell, you have no power here. I rule hilltop now. and so they're like, well, you were useless. Rick's like, enough talk. time to shoot the place. hop they bust out all the windows. and they do waste, like hundreds of bullets just shooting the windows. negan's lieutenants make it in, but he takes cover outside. and elsewhere. Daryl finds a horde of zombies and lures them to the sanctuary. Rick explodes the bus, boom, boom, blows up their fence. so the horde of zombies is surrounding the sanctuary. they're gonna see Jim out. as they're leaving, Gabriel sees Gregory, and he's like, hey man, I'm here to save you. but Gregory instable and grabs his car goes. it's like, are you kidding me, bro? so Gabriel finds a shed to hide in, but turns out negan's already hiding there. negan and Gabriel agree not to kill each other for now. they do the zombie guts trick so they could sneak on to safety. inside. negan's lieutenants facing a rebellion from the workers. but when negan gets back, he shuts that down real quick. now, the gang is hitting all the savior outposts at the same time, so they can't come to help. at one of them, this minor character gets shot. remember, that's Aaron's boyfriend. yes, they are gay. and now he's single. at another a bunch of the Savior's surrender, and they're faced with the dilemma. should we kill them or show mercy? Jesus says, show mercy, but Morgan wants to kill them. remember, just a few seasons ago he was a pacifist. now he's a cold-blooded killer again. but Maggie decides to take them prisoner one is obviously bad to the core, and this other one is obviously good and kind of hot. and when Gregory gets back, like, ham on your side again, Maggie's like, now you're gonna be a prisoner to the kingdom. squad is doing very well. in fact, they took their outpost with zero casualties. but elsewhere, Rick is looking for their big guns, and turns out they're not here. there's just a baby, because they're over at the kingdom compound. oh, oh, all the casualties. now, Ezekiel survives because his people saved him. but he's captured by evil Napoleon Dynamite, but he's saved by his big axe. bodyguard. Jerry Carroll survived - and they're running out, but they're swarmed by zombies. and the tiger comes in. yeah, Shiva. but there's too many of them, and Shiva gets eaten. it's like, Oh, shiva, kamini, somakandarkram since the kingdom army was wiped out. and it goes to the garbage people for help. they betrayed him last season. but he's like, look, we've got the sanctuary surrounded. we're gonna win. you should switch sides again and join us. but she's like, no, I don't think so. instead, I'm just gonna take sexy photos of you. just then, Darryl is hatching his plan to take the garbage truck and crash it into the Savior's wall. oh, that's all the zombies swarm in. smarty pants. mullet man Eugene is still working for negan now. Eugene's life is directly in danger, so he hatches a new plan to escape. basically, they're gonna shoot all the zombies into a barrier wall designed so they can get out of there. the trash people make Rick fight a zombie, but he wins, and he's like, look, you gonna join me now and they're like, okay, fine. they get down to the sanctuary and find the siege has been lifted. so the trash people in Stu battle, and Rick's like, are you serious bro? meeting goes to Alexandria uses grenade launchers to blow the whole place up. other Savior's ambush the hilltop caravan and decide to teach them a lesson by killing just one random extra. but when maggie gets back, she shoots one of the prisoners and is like, yeah, we're not surrendering. Savior's took the kingdom too. but the zekiel escaped and causes a distraction so his people can flee. he stays behind to sacrifice himself. but Carol and Morgan busting to save him. they grab this Savior leader, and even though they just killed like dozens of them, it's like, no, you should let this guy live. but, oh, he's stabbed by Podrick Payne, this random kid who's avenging his brother or something. Rick ghost, Alexandria finds negan. they have a little fight, but Rick escapes Michonne takes him to the swords where most of the people are hiding, including his son, Carl, who has been bitten by a zombie. no Carl, earlier, he was scavenging, he found this random guy, but Rick's scared him off, like, hey, we can't trust him. but Carl is like, no, I'm gonna trust him. I'm gonna feed him. and they ran into some zombies. and even though he's fought thousands of zombies, there's always the danger you get bit. so Rick's son, Carl, is truly dead. but on his last day, he had a happy time. painted handprints with his sister. he wrote a letter to his dad, like, hey, maybe you should make peace. he wrote one to negan too, and he can kind of like the kid. but there's not going to be any peace at the sanctuary. negan gets the executed prisoner from hilltop, and his lieutenant, Simon, is pissed. he wants to slaughter them all. but negan's like, no, people are a resource. we're gonna get them back in line. Sonne Genson. Simon to the trash people to teach them a lesson. only supposed to kill one of them, but he's like, you know, I kind of want to kill two. and then he's like, actually kill them all. so when rick and michonne go to get their help, rick and michonne are still dating, by the way, in case you forgot. but when they get there, all the trash people are zombies. they left the leader alive, though she finally drops her stupid trash person accent. but Rick's like, hey, serves you right. should have joined this one you had the chance. and he bails. so Janice goes to the back where she's got a garbage grinder, and she leads all her former friends down to be grinded. I'm not gonna show any clips cuz it is gross. Dwight, with the Savior's, leads them into an ambush and figures this is as good a time as any to officially switch sides this one. save your girl sees him and gets away alive. and he's picked up by the good guys. Tara hates him because he shot her girlfriend, so she's gonna kill him, but he sees some more saviors, and they're like, oh, we don't know that you're a traitor yet. so he's like, good guess I'm back with you for now. priest Gabriel got all sick, by the way. he wants Eugene to help him escape, but Eugene's like, no, I'm a negan, man. but then he feels bad, so he helps him escape with the doctor. they find some medicine, but the infection already got to the eyes, and he's now pretty much blind. but he's like, don't worry, God will guide my hand. and for this one shot at least he does. they're quickly picked up by the Savior's but the doctors like, hey, if God's guiding us, I'm gonna make a move. but he gets shot. whoops. meanwhile, the hilltop gets a message unrelated to the negan war. they go to meet with this van, and it's Hillary Clinton and the Sunglass kids. she's like, hey, my name is Georgie. I roamed the land trading knowledge for music. what Maggie's like, okay, here's a box of CDs. and she gives them her book that is all the knowledge of, like, how to build windmills and aqueducts and stuff. and it's like, oh yeah, actually, that's really helpful. now, the Savior's wasted most of their ammo shooting the zombies, so they've got Eugene making more bullets, but it's gonna take a while. so in the meantime, they coat their melee weapons and zombie guts, so anyone hit gets infected, they're gonna roll up on the hilltop. but Rick sees negan and kind of incredibly impressive timing, and it just to hit him, separate him from the group. they end up crashing, go into a building where Rick finds negan's bat, lights it on fire. they have a one-on-one battle, except a bunch of zombies join, and negan manages to escape. Simon and Dwight go looking for him, but then Simon's like, hey, why don't we just not end Dwight's like, yeah, I'm down. good riddance. so they come back. they're like, hey, Megan's dead, but don't worry, he lives on inside all of us. I mean, most of all, though, I'm in charge now. and as revenge, instead of subjugating the hilltop, we're gonna murder them all. so the Savior's roll up, have a little fight. Simon's gonna kill Tara, but don't or in the arm to save her life. the hilltop shoots out all their lights, and the saviors walk into the most obvious trap ever. so they retreat for now. but because of the infected weapons, anyone injured turns into a zombie, and that causes a whole commotion. dumb little kid goes to the prisoners, finds out the mean one killed his brother, so he opens the gate and that goes as poorly as you might imagine. the prisoners all escaped, but nice prisoner and a few others stay behind. it's like, look, we want to prove that we're on your side. breaking Morgan go to hunt down the others, but they end up captured. it's like, hey, it's not too late. you guys can still be good guys. so when a bunch of zombies show up, they untie Rick, and they fight the zombies together, but Rick turns hum-hum, and they murder them all. Oh, cold blooded Morgan grabs the awful guy and holds him still while the zombies eat him. Rick feels bad about killing them, so he reads Carl's letter and cries. where did negan end up? oh, he's captured by the trash girl. she's gonna kill him for a revenge. but he gets a gun and a flare, and they fight over it. flare goes out. just then a helicopter shows up. what is that? it turns around, because the flare wasn't lit. hopefully this goes somewhere next season. anyway, negan's like, hey, it was Simon who broke my orders when he killed your people. let me go and make it right. and they kind of bonded talking about negan's original wife, Lucille, who he named the bat after. so she agrees to let him go. so negan's back from the dead once again. he's gonna kill Simon, but decides to forgive him for now. but Simon still wants to be in charge, so he's like, hey, Dwight, we're gonna kill him. you in and Dwight's playing so many sides at this point. he's like, yeah, I guess. so the conspirators me in the courtyard, but negan shows up. Dwight told on him, and they shoot all of them except Gregory, who was also just going with the flow of whoever looks like they're gonna win, and he can give Simon a chance to fight him in a ritual combat. but negan doesn't lose fight, see, chokes him to death. Gregory's like, I think this is probably a good time to bail. and Dwight's like, hey, take this. it's the newest plans. give this to Rick. but later, Dwight finds the girl that got away, yeah. and negan picked her up earlier, and she told him that Dwight's the traitor. and the plans Dwight just sent to Rick are a trap. meanwhile, Eugene gets ambushed, taken by the good guys. Rosita psych hey, I hate you for switching sides. you're gonna be our prisoner. so he decides to escape by projectile-vomiting honor. and he just ate a bowl of sardine mac and cheese, so that's extra disgusting. he gets back fully committed to negan now, and he's finished making a bunch of bullets. so gregory gets the fake plans to Rick, but Rick's like, this is probably a trap. so they ambush a group and find the real plans, but new Rick would think it's a trap. so those real plans are a super double trap. and in the end, Rick finds himself completely surrounded. negan's like, alright, Rick, time to die. but boom, all the guns backfire. what? yeah. Eugene sabotage the bullets. a bunch of saviors went directly to the hilltop, but there exploded. who was that? oh, it's the oceanside girl colony. there was a minor subplot where Enid and Aaron went to them for help, but they accidentally shot the grandma. so they turn him away, but Aaron's like, hey, I'm gonna lay right here till you agree to join us. and he'll he's there so long that finally they're like, ok, dude, we'll join back at the main fight. the good guys have a huge advantage. so pretty soon the Savior's surrender. and it's this dilemma again, should we kill them or show mercy? Rick and negan end up in a one-on-one fight again. but Rick's like, hey, Karl wanted us to make peace. and negan's like, should we and Rick's like, now I'm gonna slash your neck. oh. and negan finally is dead. but Rick feels kind of bad, so he's like, hey, dr. patch him up. a guy Karl saved. Sadiq was a med student, so that's pretty much the best doctor they got. but Maggie's like, what are you kidding me? Meaghan can't live. he's pure evil. but Rick's in full mercy mode. now all the rest of the Savior's you're not gonna be our prisoners. you're gonna be our friends. and they all work together to help rebuild the sanctuary into a better place. Eugene redeemed himself by sabotaging the bullets. so he's allowed back in the good guy group. Dwight does not, though. Daryl hates him too much. he gives him the car keys like, I banish you. you're banished. he goes back to his wife, Sherry's house. last season, he went there with beer and pretzels, but it was too late. she was gone. but now there's a note, yeah, it says, honeymoon forever. he's smiling. she's alive. nice, hot prisoners like, what about me, Maggie? you and I gonna do a romance arc next season? she's like, yeah, probably. Morgan goes to see trash girl. like, hey, come join us. no one should be alone in the dump. and she's like, yeah, you're right. let's go. he's like, oh, no, I'm gonna stay. I want to be a lone dumb permit. and negan survives. he sentenced to jail for life. they're gonna make a nice community and let him watch, but never join. that's his punishment. but Maggie has a shadowy meeting where she's like, now that's not good enough. we're gonna kill negan. and Daryl's like, yeah, I'm in so what would have been a great time to end the series with a happily ever after. instead, they're gonna continue to drag on for another few seasons, and that's how season 8 comes to an end. that was pretty good. I look like negan ish. well, Rick, about my balls. that's what that's my negan impression. 