[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1995 animated comedy adventure, Toy Story. so let's get started. the movie begins with six-year-old Andy's birthday. woody, Andy's favorite toy, along with the other toys, spy on the party and are relieved that none of the gifts will replace any of them. but then Andy receives a surprise gift, a space ranger toy named Buzz Lightyear. Buzz impresses the other toys, and Andy begins to favor him. as Andy prepares for a family outing at Pizza Planet, his mother allows him to bring one toy along, fearing that Andy will choose Buzz. what he attempts to trap Buzz behind a desk, but ends up knocking him out the window instead, resulting in the other toys accusing woody of murdering buzz out of jealousy before they can punish him. and he takes wood ium leaves her pizza planet when the family stops for gas, but he finds that Buzz is hitched a ride on a car as well. they end up fighting, and the car leaves without them. they managed to make their way back to the restaurant by stowing away on a pizza delivery truck. once they arrive, buzz gets them stuck in a crane game where they are picked out by Andy's destructive neighbor, Sid. woody attempts to escape from SIDS house, but buzz, finally, discovering that he is a toy, is helpless. learning that Sid plans to launch buzz aboard a firework, woody restores Buzz's confidence by teaching him that being a toy is okay. the next morning, woody, in SIDS mutant toy creations, rescue buzz. just as Sid is about to launch the rocket. they scare Sid and two, no longer abusing toys and coming to life in front of them, Woody and Buzz then leave. just as Andy and his family are driving away to move to a new home. they try to make it to the moving truck, but SIDS dog sees them and chases them. woody trys, rescuing buzz with Andy's RC car, but the other toys, thinking woody has killed RC as well, attack and toss him off the truck. buzz and RC pick up woody and continue after the truck. the other toys realize there stake and try to help them get back on board. but our C's batteries begin to die when he ignites the rocket on Buzz's back. and managed to throw our C into the truck before they soar into the air. buzz opens his wings to free himself from the rocket before it explodes, gliding with woody to land safely in a box in the van, right next to Andy. on Christmas Day at their new house, wood in buzz stage another mission to prepare for the new toy arrived. as woody jokingly asked what might be worse than Buzz, they discover Andy's new gift, a puppy. so that was the spoilers for Toy Story. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. remember to Like and subscribe. and thanks for watching. [Music]. 