ghost stories is a British horror movie written and directed by Andy Nieman and Jeremy Dyson. the film follows a paranormal investigator as he attempts to debunk three chilling ghost stories. the three stories themselves revolve around a night watchman working in an old factory, a teenager whose car breaks down, and a businessman who is awaiting the birth of his child. as the film progresses, we learn that everything is not as clear as it seems. and I will be discussing the major plot twists and narrative choices that the film takes. with that out the way, I'm definition, and this is my ending explain video. for ghost stories, we follow professor Goodman, a hard skeptic, on his most intriguing paranormal case. after receiving a note from a long thought dead Pierre named Gorman, the professor tracks down his idol and finds the recluse on death's door, gifted three unexplainable cases by the mysterious figure. Goodman Ponder's whether to take them or not. he notices two boys playing on the beach with the dead bird, and sets off to interview the first one of his three storytellers. he comes into contact with Tony, a night watchman whose daughter suffers from locked-in syndrome. this is a paralyzing disease that leaves the victim bed bound and unable to move, but fully conscious of their environment. this plays heavily into the main plot. and Tony's story. he recounts how on his final night at work, he was haunted by a mysterious Specter, one that takes the form of a young girl and a yellow dress, and haunts him with the corpse of a bird. chase through the disused building, lights are disconnected, mops take on a life of their own, shadows leap out at him, and doors unlock by themselves. eventually, Tony is led into a room filled with mannequins. to me, they symbolize his daughter, lifeless to look at. there is still something within. when attacked by a ghost that puts its finger in his mouth, Tony comes to the terrifying realization that he has abandoned his daughter. and the next day, he goes to visit her once more in the hospital. this story guilt trips the professor and her visiting his father, who too suffers from locked-in syndrome. but there is little he can do. rapped with the guilt of abandoning him, he journeys out to see the second of his cases, Simon, this mysterious boy. is strange photographs on the wall, the boys playing in a dark tunnel, parents with their back turned and a strange boy running around upstairs. the house as a whole will send shivers up the spine of anyone who watches it, and it is the perfect setting for the character. Simon's story centers around him driving home and hitting a satyr. is half man, half goals monster chases him into the woods where he is attacked by a tree. since his attack, Simon has barricaded himself into his home, afraid to answer the door. and this once again plays into the locked-in motif that would come at the film's conclusion. the professor leaves, but when driving home, he hallucinates and sees himself trapped in his car, dying. Mike is the final story. this rich country man talks about the night his wife gave birth to their son, and how, even though he was what many would consider deformed, he still loved him, even if no one else did. this story is littered with symbols such as a girl in a yellow dress and many locks and keys. during its selling, Goodman notices a strange boy in a parka coat following him, and when might commit suicide. at the story's climax, it's clear that things aren't as they seem. the professor races back to Gorman, who reveals himself to be Mike in disguise. tearing through the scenery, he transports the professor to his childhood, where the true meaning behind each tale is revealed. as a child, the professor witness to bullies force a mentally disabled child named Kojak into a tunnel where he had an asthma attack and died. Goodman had the opportunity to save the boy, but instead did nothing. and this guilt has weighed heavily over him. these two bullies are the boys that Goodman witnessed after visiting Gorman and saw in photographs at Simon's house. clearly, the moment weighs heavily over everything he does in his lately, as the character, wracked with disappointment of his deed, attempted to commit suicide by locking himself in his car and pumping the inside full of carbon dioxide. failing this, he is left with severe brain damage. the professor is now, in fact, in a coma, hallucinating the stories that horned him. we see the three characters enter the room in what is a very Wizard of Oz moment and discuss his situation. locked in his own mind, professor Goodman is an able to do anything, and his surroundings are inspiring his imagination. we see a doll in a yellow dress at his side. Tony uses a mock to clean the floor. a bird hits the window. the hospital equipment that Gorman had surrounds his bed. mike shines lights in his eyes, and a finger-like tube hangs out of his mouth, similar to Tony's daughter, Simon and Mike. he is locked in his own mind, unable to change the horrible mistake that he made as a child. there are several interpretations to be taken from ghost stories, and the film definitely climaxes in a way that means there's no real clear-cut answer to exactly what is real and what is in Goodman's imagination. I love the repetition of locks and keys, and how many things from the past played off in the final scene. recently I read the graphic novel Watchmen by Alan wah, Dave Gibbons and John Higgins. and in that there's a chapter called old ghosts, in which the characters have to deal with their past coming back to haunt them. that graphic novel discusses how ghosts are not ghosts, but they are, in fact, our memories coming back and reminding us of horrible things that we have done, which is why they horrify is so much metaphorically, professor Goodman has had to deal with his own ghosts, and the skeletons in his closet have haunted him until he viewed death is the only escape. failing in his final act, he must now live out the rest of his life trapped in a bed where his own personal ghost manifests every thought. he has a never-ending nightmare. so what did you think of ghost stories? personally, I thought the film had some very tense moments, but failed to deliver as much as I'd hoped. due to the terrible makeup, I was able to instantly spot that Martin Freeman was playing Gorman, and this took me out of the tale quite a lot. the ending was also slightly jarring, and due to this, I was unable to attach myself completely to it. however, it is very well acted, and the night watchman's tale had me on the edge of my seat. so I definitely recommend going to see it for that alone. with there being so much to take from the film, I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. there are several ways to interpret the movie, and hundreds upon hundreds of Easter eggs dotted throughout their payoff in the climax. what was your favorite moment? comment below and let me know. and if you like this video, please check out the recent ending explanation that I did for a quiet place. make sure you subscribe to my channel, as I do videos like this all of the time, and you won't want to miss the next horror film I analyze. thanks very much. take care. peace. [Music]. 