[Music]. you're trapped in a town where no one can be trusted and hunted by a serial killer with a chainsaw. there is nowhere you can hide. there's no one around who will save you. and if you're caught, you'll be skinned alive and turned into a mask. when every second stuck in this town is a minute closer to your death, what do you do? i'm going to break down the mistakes made, what you should do and how to beat every member of the hewitt family in the texas chainsaw massacre. these people are driving straight to their deaths. they're traveling through texas to see a concert, and the guys have smuggled two pounds of marijuana they brought with them, but the girls have no idea. kemper here takes his eyes off the road with his girlfriend aaron. when she suddenly spots a woman walking in front of them. they hit the brakes and nearly avoid running her over, but she doesn't even flinch. aaron gets out of the car and tries to find out if she's okay, but the woman won't answer and looks completely traumatized. realizing she needs serious help, they decide to take her into town for medical attention, but they have no idea this woman is going to ruin their lives. okay, it's always nice to want to help others, but they are getting way ahead of themselves here. we have no idea who this woman is or how she could be dangerous to us. when you find people walking down the road in the middle of nowhere, it's always because something bad happened. and inviting those problems into your car is a risk i'm not willing to take unless i knew it was safe. nobody noticed that she's walking in extremely short strides, and it's not from exhaustion, or else she'd be slouched and stumbling. they also didn't notice that the woman is not even sweating, because it means she might not have been out of the texas sun for very long, and wherever she came from could be nearby. more importantly, nobody noticed that this woman has blood running down the inside of her thighs. this tells me she's not just a weary hitchhiker, but is most likely a victim of terrible abuse, and she really does need her help. now all these observations add up to tell us that this woman was abused by someone in walking distance, and we should not be taking her back to the nearest town. but far enough they get her proper medical help outside of this back road community. in the car, the woman is having a serious emotional meltdown, and nobody knows what to do. everyone is freaked out by this and starts debating what they should do with her. but when the woman sees them pass by a slaughterhouse, her face is filled with dread, and she starts to panic. lunging at the steering wheel, she tries to get them to turn around, but they don't listen. shoving her back into her seat, they slam on the brakes, stopping the car to defuse the situation. but it's about to get a lot worse. in tears, she reaches between her legs and pulls out a pistol, telling them that they're all going to die before they can stop her, she puts the barrel in her mouth and blows a hole through the back of her head. okay, this is why people tell you not to pick up hitchhikers. the blood on her thighs and her difficulty walking were clues she was carrying a gun, but nobody would have seen this coming. now, unless you're a soldier, no one thinks clearly. when somebody pulls out a weapon, the brain shuts down non-essential functions and prioritizes all of its capacity into survival, deciding between fight, flight or freeze. the most immediate information we have to assess the threat is that this woman is skinny, she's been walking for miles, and she's too weak to fight you off. she also doesn't bring the gun out with her finger on the trigger. and this would have given us the time needed to wrestle it away from her before she could hurt herself or anyone else in the van. but this gun isn't even the most important detail here to worry about. she told them everyone is dead and they're going the wrong way, and decided she would rather die than go back. that's a crucial point that's easy to miss in a traumatic situation like this, and means wherever they are headed is worse than death. and if they prevented her from using the gun, they could have gotten more information about what happened to her and what's waiting for them down the road. the group is horrified by what they just witnessed, and they all rush out of the van, leaving the woman's dead body in the back seat. they've never seen anyone die before, and this girl starts to break down crying, while the guys debate what they should do next. the boyfriend suggests they call the cops, but his friend points out they still have two pounds of weed and a pinata, and if the cops get involved, they'll all go to jail. the boyfriend realizes there's only one thing he can do, and takes the pinata full of drugs and throws it into a nearby field. with no other choice, they all leave to get help. further down the road, they find a nearby gas station and stop by to look for a telephone. the men head inside to report the death and ask the woman to call the police. she manages to reach the sheriff, but when the woman gets off the phone, she tells them they'll have to drive to the old crawford mill to file their report. the guys demand to know why the sheriff isn't coming here, but she has no idea, and they have no choice but to take the dead body to the mill. okay, if the local law enforcement isn't even willing to drive over to investigate a dead body, you know, this is way too suspicious to believe. and it's not just the sheriff, but the woman as well. as they arrived, she saw the dead body through her window and didn't even flinch. the only kind of people who react this way to a woman with a giant bullet hole in her head is a psychopath. and this kind of reaction should already be enough cause for concern here. it's also extremely suspicious that the sheriff would want to meet at a mill instead of the local police department or sheriff's office. nothing about this situation smells wet, and it all stinks of either corruption, deception or both. personally, i would leave the dead body here at the gas station and drive away, telling her the sheriff can pick it up himself. i'm not sticking around. because if they are taking the situation seriously, then neither should we. now it's illegal to leave the scene of a crime if you were directly involved in the incident, but bystanders and witnesses have no legal obligation to remain at the scene. there are no cameras, the woman hasn't seen our license plate, and there were no other witnesses. the challenger statement of what happened. if the sheriff doesn't want to drive here, then he's probably too lazy to chase us down the road when he hears you left both the body and the scene of the crime, to make sure we aren't stopped by other police later in the trip, i would kick out the entire back window so there's no bullet hole, and clean out all the blood from the back seat so that it doesn't look like there was something suspicious to investigate. by taking these precautions, there's more than enough likelihood that we could leave this whole situation in the dust and forget it ever happened. they leave the gas station, with the hitchhiker's corp still inside, and head out to the old mail to look for the sheriff. when they arrive, they get out of the car only to find a completely empty building, and no one is waiting for them. morgan here suggests they dump the body so they can leave. and the men decide to put it to a vote. all the guys are in favor of ditching the dead girl, but aaron here insists they do the right thing. and in the interest of keeping his girlfriend kemper keeps his mouth shut and agrees. looking for help, they walk around the side of the mill and find a small building with couches and decorations. it looks like someone lives here. and they sit down to wait for someone to show up. suddenly, someone crosses the room behind them, and pepper here jumps up in shock. okay, whoever is here is not someone i want to meet. normal people don't hang up mutilated dolls as ornaments. the people you're going to encounter here are not ones that are safe or trustworthy. and given their decorations, they certainly wouldn't have the most appropriate judgment for acceptable ways to deal with the dead body sitting in the back of your van. now they've already committed to getting this girl's body to the authorities, but there's no reason to expect that waiting at an abandoned mill is going to do the job. according to the sign that they pass on the way here, these guys are in fuller texas, and if you look at this place on a map, there's virtually no sign of life here. according to the annual census, this place doesn't even have a recorded population. but the nearest city west of them is shamrock, which has a population of about 2 000 people. in the interest of keeping our girlfriends happy, the smartest thing to do here is leave this place and take the dead body to shamrock, where there should be a legitimate hospital to drop her off. when the hospital calls the sheriff, he will not be able to tell them to bring the dead body somewhere out of the way, and they will force his hand to come in person to investigate. together, they enter the building and find this kid sitting in the shadows. he leads them back outside and tells them that the sheriff is at home. and there aren't any roads that lead to his house, but it's walking distance, so they decide to check it out. these three stay behind at the mill while the couple here cut through the woods to find the sheriff fighting the house. they knock on the door for help and are greeted by this old man in a wheelchair, who tells them the sheriff doesn't live here. he invites aaron to use his phone, but stops the boyfriend from entering inside. the man helps her contact the sheriff's office, and she's told that he'll be at the old male in 30 minutes. but doesn't realize that the other person on the phone isn't who she thinks. at the mill, the sheriff has already arrived, and approaching to inspect the corpse, he finds the gun on the floor of the van. when he asks them who it belongs to, they tell him the girl was carrying it, and he puts it away in his leg holster. the sheriff makes andy here hold the body up while he wraps her head in plastic. and the group starts to realize that this man is an absolute pig. he tells them how much he used to love groping corpses as a young man, and it's shocking. after wrapping her up, they put her in the trunk of the sheriff's car, and the man gives them one final salute before leaving with the body. okay, this sheriff is obviously a terrible person, but that's not what we should be focused on here. of everything that's happened so far, there's one detail here that should be scaring the crap out of everyone here, and that is this gun. so far, nobody has even bothered to think about where this girl got the gun in the first place, and the fact she was hiding it says it wasn't hers, it was stolen. we also know she was running away from someone in this very town. so someone in a 10 mile radius is missing a gun. when the sheriff takes it and puts it in his ankle holster, there are two things wrong with this. the first is that the gun is a perfect fit. these kinds of holsters are not exactly one size fits all, and the fact that this revolver fits might be a coincidence, but it shouldn't be overlooked, because this model of revolver was made in the late 50s and was commonly used by both police officers and detectives. the second is that his ankle holster was empty. there's no reason anyone would be walking around with an empty ankle holster strapped to their leg, unless they were expecting to put something in it. both of these observations tell me this gun could actually belong to him, and the fact that this woman even had it means she stole it from the sheriff. now, based on this, there are two possible conclusions to draw here. either this woman is a criminal and is running from the law, or that this man is corrupt and was torturing and abusing her, since he's already displayed some serious corruption and depravity, it's enough to tell us we should believe the girl was running for her life, and that this would explain why she said everyone was dead, and why she said we were going the wrong way. she knew traveling in this direction would lead us to trying to find her help, and that would lead to this sheriff. whatever the situation is, this guy is not playing by the rules, which makes him a dirty cop, and that leaves you vulnerable to extortion or worse. at the house, kemper here gets tired of waiting and decides to go looking for his girlfriend. inside, he finds a charm bracelet on the ground, but his luck has just ran out, because when he reaches for it, a man in a leather mask steps out and bashes him over the head, dragging him through the hallway and into a room where he will never come out alive. the girlfriend hears the door slam shut and leaves the old man to look for her boyfriend, but he isn't responding. that's when she notices his peephole and looks through the lens and realizes there's something more to this place than she thought, okay. the girlfriend realized that something was off with this wall, but she didn't realize that this one clue was a dead giveaway that her life is in immediate danger and that nobody is coming to help. first of all, this isn't an ordinary peephole because not only is it inside the house, but also in the middle of a wall. nobody would install this here unless there's a secret room on the other side and someone is spying from it. this puts the boyfriend's disappearance into perspective, because she was gone for less than five minutes, and that's way too short of time for him to get impatient and leave. lastly, this peephole is much higher than eye level for this double amputee to be able to use. so that tells me there must be someone else in the house. all of these clues point to the conclusion that someone else has done something to her boyfriend, and they must be on the other side of this wall. instead of walking out like she isn't sure what happened, i would be running to the telephone to call 9-1-1. we have to assume that this guy dialed the phone for her, because it wasn't even the cops that she talked to, and we can confirm this by redialing ourselves to ask for help. she leaves the house to look for her boyfriend, and has no idea that when she finds him, it will be the most horrific thing she's ever seen in her life. meanwhile, downstairs, the masked killer is preparing his next victim for slaughter. he pulls the boyfriend up over the bathtub to bleed him out, but suddenly a box falls out of his pocket. hearing this, the masked man reaches down and picks it up, opening it to discover an engagement ring. when the girlfriend returns to the mill, she tells her friends that she contacted the sheriff and he's on the way. but they tell her that he's already taken the body and left. confused, she asks have they seen her boyfriend, but no one has, and she realizes she needs to go back to look for him, taking andy here, they reach the house, and aaron distracts the old man so he can sneak inside and look for her missing boyfriend. he walks into the kitchen to find skins hanging from the ceiling. but when he knocks over, this box from on top of the fridge and makes a loud noise. and the girlfriend runs into the house to check on it. the old man follows her up, but when he realizes there's an intruder, he takes it personally. banging his cane against the floorboards, he yells at someone to come on and bring it. and the two begin to realize that this is the last man on earth you want to piss off. behind them, the wall opens up, and the masked man steps out with a chainsaw. they run into the other room, but andy trips and drops his tire iron. the girl tries to hold it shut, but the masked man tears through the latch. he breaks into the next room and attacks. but luckily, andy blocks the chainsaw with his tire iron. okay, if i were him, i would be shooting my pants right now. running away is definitely the correct move here, but sometimes you have no choice. now, this guy was very lucky, because it just so happens, this might be the best tool to defend yourself in this situation. this tire iron is made of steel, so the chainsaw can't cut through it. and it's also shaped in an x, which lets you hold it at two ends. and keep the blade between it without getting cut. the way he's doing it here is too close to his hands, and the obvious instinct should be to try to keep the blade in the middle of the x, because it will limit his movement. right now, andy is in a perfect position to kick him hard in the nuts. now i know it's undignified, but it's also very effective. it's practically an involuntary instinct to protect yourself when attacked in another regions. and the killer will clench his groin muscles and loosen his grip on the chainsaw. this gives andy here the perfect moment to attack him with his own weapon. the strongest point of force that's being applied here is going to be at the bottom of the blade, and because of the distribution of that force, it gets much weaker at the top. andy can use this to his advantage and overpower him by basic physics here, by kicking him in the balls and pushing the top of the chainsaw forward into the guy's face. andy manages to escape and runs out of the house, but the masked man chases after him. they run into the clotheslines covered in bed sheets, but the killer catches up to him and saws his leg clean in half, and he screams in pain as he's picked up and taken back into the house. carried into the basement, he's lifted in the air and slammed onto a meat hook hanging from his ribs andy here has no idea what's planned for him is going to be a lot worse than death. aaron here runs back to the old mill where her friends are still waiting, and jumps into the van. panicked, she tries to start the car, but no matter what she does, the engine won't start. now they're stuck here with no way to protect themselves, and a killer is on the loose. that's when the sheriff suddenly appears. relieved, she tries to tell him about her murdered friend, but when he notices a joint on the dashboard, this bad situation gets a lot worse. he orders them all to get out of the car, and they have no choice but to obey. aaron tries to tell him, there's a killer with a chainsaw, but the man fires his gun at her, the bullets landing inches away from her head. they're terrified. but this guy is only getting warmed up. he picks up morgan and forces him into the van, where he asks him what happened to the hitchhiker. scared out of his mind, morgan here can't believe what's happening, but the sheriff screams at him and take the gun and re-enact the death, ordering him to put it into his mouth and pull the trigger. okay, i know what you're thinking, because i would be thinking it too. this sheriff just handed us a weapon, and we could easily turn it against him to get out of this situation. but that's the dumbest thing we could possibly do here, because there's no way he gave us a loaded gun. if it were me, the first thing i would do in this situation is open the chamber to make sure there are no bolts inside. this way we won't escalate the situation by pointing an empty gun in his face, and i can do whatever he asks, knowing it's not going to kill me. now the problem is we have no control over the situation with an empty gun. and as long as we're afraid of him, the sheriff is counting on that fear to exert his authority and control. but the one thing he's not expecting is to be attacked. this guy is an overweight, 60 year old man, and from the size of his arms and chest, it looks like he has little upper body strength. the best and only move to escape from this is to bash him across the head with the end of the gun quickly and as many times as possible to knock him out. this sounds extreme, but it's a completely valid thing to do, because he's put us in a very unethical situation and our lives are at risk. there are no witnesses, so we won't be questioned by authorities in another city, because he doesn't want any of this town's secrets coming back to him. in this way, his corruption protects us and lets us get away with taking any and all measures to protect ourselves against him, or else he will be exposed. getting worried, aaron goes to see what's happening, giving morgan the chance to point the gun at the sheriff, he dares him to pull the trigger, but the gun clicks on an empty chamber. this was all the trap has set him up for. attempted murder of a police officer. taking the keys out of the ignition, the sheriff walks away with morgan and leaves the women behind, waiting for the sheriff to leave. aaron here tries to hot wire the van, when suddenly, a chainsaw cuts through the window, and the mask to man attacks out of nowhere. aaron climbs into the back seat with her friend, and they realize the killer is now on top of the van. he shoves the chainsaw through the roof, trapping the woman inside. an arm reaches down and grabs aaron by the hair, while her friend climbs out and runs away, where the man chases her down and shreds her to death. okay, they had a great opportunity here to seriously injure this guy. obviously, it's incredibly difficult to think clearly in the moment, and your only instinct is to run away. but they were too afraid to notice that the chainsaw motor had stopped with his arm reaching through the top of the car like this. they missed their golden opportunity. because he can't operate a chainsaw with only one hand. now, in biomechanics, the arm is what we call a third class lever, which means all the force is being applied from this fulcrum here at the elbow that means when his arm is fully extended, it makes it much harder for the muscle to use that fulcrum to flex with maximum strength. if they can keep his arm extended and force it against its range of motion, using the roof of the car as the opposing force, they could work together and fracture his elbow. with that kind of injury, he won't be able to do anything with his chainsaw and becomes a lot less threatening. horrified aaron watches her friend get killed from inside the car, but when the killer turns around, she realizes he's wearing a mask made from her boyfriend's face. she climbs up the back of the van and runs off deep into the woods where she finds a trailer home. she banks in the door, screaming for help, and is finally let in. she asks the women if she can use their phone, but is told they don't have one. helping her calm down, they make her a cup of tea and insists she drinks it to relax. she notices a family photo on a shelf and goes to take a look. but strangely, neither of these women are in the picture. suddenly, she hears a phone ring, and realizes they not only lied to her, but have also kidnapped this child. feeling dizzy, she tries to escape from the trailer, but collapses to the floor in a drugged haze. okay, this is incredibly stupid. if we think about what we know of the townsfolk in this area, we've seen enough to realize that everyone in a 10 mile radius is in on this. the woman at the gas station called the corrupt sheriff to lure us away from the proper authorities. the kid at the mill sent us to the house where the killer lives to keep us away from the roads. and the old man tried to keep the boyfriend out of the house so he could pick them off one by one. we have absolutely no reason to think that these women here are an oasis of innocence in the middle of a serial killing community. and asking them for help is the worst thing we could possibly do. now, with that said, going indoors is already a terrible idea, because you're just giving this guy a chance to catch up and find you. running through a dense thicket is a much better strategy to lose him and escape, because he won't be able to run easily with the chainsaw, and he'll have to cut himself through to follow you. i would continue running through the thicket and onto a main road where he wouldn't dare show his face. if we're being honest, nobody would think this girl could realistically stage a rescue attempt and get everyone out alive. and since the sheriff is distracted with morgan here, she needs to take this opportunity because this is her best chance at escaping. if i were any one of these victims, i would want to know that my death saved someone else's life. so the most honorable thing to do here is leave all of your friends behind and don't stop for anyone. she wakes up back in the house with the sheriff, the woman from the gas station and the old man the wheelchair have gathered. they're all a part of the same family and have been working together from the beginning. she begs to be let go, but the old one refuses and calls out for thomas brown hewitt, the mask wearing killer, to take her out of here. he picks aaron up and throws her down the stairs into the basement, leaving her to discover andy hanging from hooks above an old piano. she tries to lift him up to free him, but isn't strong enough, and he falls back down, ripping the hook deeper into his body, begging her to end his life. she agrees and finds a knife stabbing him straight through the gut. across the room, she finds morgan sitting in a bathtub. and when she approaches, she finds out he's still alive. the little boy from the milk shows up and tells her to follow him, and that's when the masked man appears. they run through an underground hallway, but the killer is right behind them. the kid leads them to a storm cellar where they climb up to escape, seconds away from being caught. okay, this was a merciful act and must have been difficult to do, but freeing this guy and trying to escape is not a good idea, because he will only slow you down. that makes it much easier for the killer to find and kill both of you. now the problem is, mercy killing the sky isn't any better. right now, he's a useful distraction because he's alive. if we kill him, there's nothing left to keep the masked man here in the house and distracted. and that means he'll use all of his time chasing us. if we want out of this alive, we need to use every single thing at our disposal, or else we might as well give up and die like the rest of them. the decisions you have to make in a survival scenario are never pleasant, and it will take years to get over the terrible things you had to do to survive. but at least you'll be alive. and when push comes to shove, life is more valuable than any moral compass. leaving the house, they look for a place to hide and find another building. but after walking in aaron here, quickly realizes that all the windows are barred. there's only one way out, and the killer is on his way. she shoves her friend into a closet and closes the door, finding another hiding spot for herself. but it's a hopeless cause. the wall behind her suddenly breaks apart, and she's grabbed by the killer, throwing her to the ground. he's about to cut her in half, but morgan slams into him. he wrestles with the man, but is no match for his strength as he lifts him up onto a chandelier and slices his body up from between his legs. it's brutal, and aaron can do nothing but run for her life. she runs through the woods and makes it to the slaughterhouse, where she enters inside for one final showdown. arming herself with a meat cleaver, she hides in a locker and waits for the perfect moment to attack. the masked man searches for her and sees one of them is rattling. he throws open the door and gets attacked by aaron. she chops his arm off and runs away, leaving him to bleed out in the corridor. she runs back outside and into the road where she sees a truck coming and flags it down. the driver stops to check on her and lets her hitch a ride. she's finally found outside help in the truck. he asks her what happened, and she's too traumatized. but when she sees her headed back into town, she freaks out and lunges at the steering wheel to turn around. the man is not pleased with her behavior and pulls over the same gas station they did. she gets out of the car and sneaks around the back. peering through the window, you see the family members with the stolen baby outside. the trucker gets their attention, asking them to help his hitchhiker. but when the woman walks back in, she finds a child is missing. aaron has kidnapped the baby and is already hot wiring a car for a getaway. the sheriff investigates the semi truck, but when he opens up the door to see there's no one inside, aaron runs him over with his own police car. she leaves the town with the rescued baby riding shotgun, and passes by the one-armed killer who swings his chainsaw into the car, but it doesn't slice through. escaping with her life, she's now going to have to find a new boyfriend to propose to her. but what do you think? how would you beat the texas chance on massacre? let me know with a comment down below. thank you so much for watching. leave a like and subscribe. and check out the how to be playlist for more videos like this. until next time, have a damn good day. 