welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, and I am NOT okay with this. is a show that has just dropped on Netflix. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about the new season, it's ending and where things could be going. we're also gonna be giving our thoughts on the series, and if you haven't seen it, why you should check it out. there will be heavy spoilers here itself. you haven't had a chance to watch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now, which she subscribe to the channel to never miss video, as we do break downs like this every day anyway. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of I'm not okay with this. what's he doing right? hey, I am NOT okay with this. opens with the callback to Carrie, and the show actually centers around the lead-up to a similar sort pot point as the finale of that film. without being a big outburst at a prom the show jumps back and forth between the build-up to this and the aftermath of it, making for a mystery that drives a lot of the season. it's not the most original premise, but it's rare that we see a coming-of-age story set at a high school that's mixed with a superhero origin. okay, I'm kidding. it's been done a lot. after this brief teaser for the ending, the show instantly throws us into the life of a high schooler named Sydney, played by Sophia Lillis. Sydney lives in Pennsylvania and what could be described as the height of mediocrity, due to the death of her dad, she lashes out and has anger issues. this anger begins to manifest in telekinetic powers. and the season centers around Sydney learning to deal with these gifts, her mental health and life as a high school student. Netflix seems to be picking from the cast of it with Georgie featuring lock-and-key recently, and Beverly and Stan heading this one up. interestingly, the actor who plays Stan is also called Stan in this show. so yay, my brain doesn't have to do any extra work. don't think too much, brain, you'll hurt yourself. obviously, all of the trio are phenomenal actors, and the two definitely a game - I am NOT okay with this, providing nuanced and grounded performances that make them extremely relatable. Sydney's powers tend to come to the forefront whenever she gets enraged, and this can lead to nosebleeds, stopping taps from running and pulling signs of their foundations. all of the characters are really like a bull. and the slick editing, fast pacing and rockin soundtrack make this series a blast to get through. I kind of feel like just getting a playlist of these songs, as they really complete the style that the show is going for. and it's a fantastic use of music. the season itself also clocks in at just seven episodes, ranging between 20 to 25 minutes. often with Netflix series, I feel like they overstay their welcome and drag things out to fit in our runtime. and I always find this weird, as Netflix shows don't have commercials and the stream, so they really can be any length. I am NOT okay with this doesn't do that, and because of it, it doesn't feel formulaic. and I am okay with this. Sydney begins dating Stanley, but things become complicated when she kisses a friend Dena, after a party. struggling with her sexuality and a rejection by Dena, she runs off into the night, unleashing a powerful scream that completely shakes her surroundings. Stan stumbles across this and slowly becomes a mentor. due to his knowledge of comic books, becomes a comic book in a comic book story, and they unearth the rage that drives her abilities. this draws the eyes of another super-powered being, which, from the brief glimpses that we see, is a man that can turn into smoke. now, there isn't a big superhero showdown at the show leads up to and actually, for the most part, stays relatively simplistic, with the ending of the show feeling more like the self the things going ahead. I'll talk about that in just a bit, but I have to go over a couple of things just before we discuss the ending. during this time, she discovers that Dina's boyfriend cheated on her, and this causes a lot of conflict at school, Dena finds out. and Dinah's explains Sidney for it. and this plays into his actions in the final episode. slowly, Sid becomes more and more attracted to Dena, but it's initially an unrequited love that adds a love triangle to the story that ultimately leads to everyone ending up confused. CID also an it's the truth about her father, who we learn was a Marine. SIDS father suffered from PTSD and went through similar things to the protagonist. during an explosion on his last tour, he was left the sole survivor, and thus we can assume that he was the cause of it. similar to how Sid would eventually caused the death of the prom the guilt caused him to apparently commit suicide. but I'll get into my theories on this and just a bit. it all comes to a head at the prom when Dena's ex announces to the school that she's a lesbian. and just as he's about to reveal his superpowers, she makes his head explode. it's probably the best moment of the season, and it brings everything up to speed with the show finally ending up where it began. she flees to an outpost and is then confronted by a stalker. now to me, this is clearly her father, and I think it's safe to assume that he faked his own death. they did say in the season that he never left a note. and no, not unheard of. it is uncommon for this in suicides, and I'm generalizing a lot there. and people do commit suicide without leaving things behind, but typically in TV shows they just use notes for dramatic effect. and with this being absent here, I do think that it backs up the theory that he's still alive. if he didn't die, then there would be no reason to leave an out. and therefore we can guess that this is him. we know that during the huge event that happened when he was in tour, a giant gas cloud came from it. and as we know, this character can change into smoke. there is definitely a connection there between the two. he's also been following Sidney, and this is probably because he was worried that she may inherit his abilities. and if she did, she would not know what to do with them. I definitely don't think that he's a malevolent figure. rather, I believe that he will be him and tor who will help her to control her abilities, so she doesn't go off like he did. clearly, she has the ability to kill and if left unchecked, this could lead to her murdering many, similar to how he did. as for Sidney herself, though the police seemed to be after her, I don't think that they would be able to tie her to the death, purely because she didn't touch the character, and there were several witnesses around that saw this. there's no way to prove that someone psychically killed someone. so I do think that she will definitely be in the clear. if they is another season, I believe that a father will train her, and slowly he will come back into the picture, which will cause many problems in the family. it teases a lot for the future, and I'm very interested to see what happens next. now before we get into the review of the season, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Infinity Saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be and when the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the show in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March in the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize the best of luck to everyone who takes part. ok, so I did have a lot of fun with I'm not ok with this. I haven't read the graphic novels, so I didn't really know what to expect. and I went into this completely blind, without even seeing the trailer, and just in general, didn't have any idea of what was going on. now, since writing the script for this video, have went back and read other reviews to see what people thought about it, and I was really surprised to see that it didn't have that many positive reviews on the country. I have seen pretty mediocre to negative ones. but I did enjoy it. now, whether this changes are not after it releases worldwide, we're gonna see. but I think it deserves a lot of praise. so feel Lillis does a great job at dealing with the main characters struggle. and she balances being unlikable at points when the character lashes out, to being very charming and someone that you can easily get behind. it's quite a complex thing to be able to do, but the actor handles it really, really well in my opinion. I think that the soundtrack is phenomenal. and due to the seasons length, it doesn't overstay its welcome. the show is edited really well, and because of it, it's a breeze to get through. it worked for me on a lot of levels. and I found the humor and characters in general to be nice representations of high school life and the complexities that come with it. though it's a pretty simple story, and comic book adaptations are a dime a dozen right now, I am NOT okay with this. was something that I had a lot of fun with. I would love to see more. so the series definitely did its job, and that's why I gets a 7 out of 10. okay, so that's our review by now. okay with this. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the season. and whether you enjoyed it or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please click the thumbs up button and make sure you check out our full breakdown of this month's other big Netflix release, narcos Mexico, season 2, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over all of the ins and outs of the show and talk about the real life story behind it. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below your access to content early. you can also suggest video topics and breakdowns. we massively appreciate it, and it goes a long way to helping videos like this get made. you know, come chat to us after the show. either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 