it's over. it's almost over. it's nearly over. tonight, tonight, tonight. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka spoiling king, and god finally came down to save us from the first finale of the stand in case you don't know, this is pretty much the climax of the book, but stephen king himself has created a brand new ending for the series, which will be airing next week. we're going to be breaking it all down, but if this is your first time here, then please subscribe to the channel, as you don't want to miss our very, very enthusiastic thoughts on it. and also, yeah, click the thumbs up if you've been enjoying the breakdowns. now, this episode arguably feels like it has some of the highest and lowest points of the entire season, making for quite a weird entry. we pick up in the aftermath of last week's reveal with the group of survivors being held captive in a jail in las vegas. i kind of feel like this situation had a lot of similarities to ice, but that's me probably just drawing conclusions over what the political messages behind the show could be glenn very much belabors the point that there clearly exists a lot of fear amongst the citizens of the city, as randall flagg has to rule over them with an iron grip. though flag states that he gives them freedom, we know that people who question or defy him are severely punished, and thus they aren't really free. flag is very much a populist who promises to allow people to live the way that they want to, but only so long as he deems it to be fit. he also has slaves, which the city is built upon. but this is completely downplayed. it feels like it might be a comment on western society, but due to the fast of the proceedings, the subtext doesn't really come across in any substantial or meaningful way. now i do feel like this is the message that glenn tries to put across during the following court hearing, which, though meant to be overly dramatic, is a bit weak and farcical. he drops some nice lines, such as flag being the mother of dragons. however, i think it's the performance by lloyd that really lets this scene down. in the source material, lloyd is a highly accomplished killer at this point who shows little humanity or remorse for his actions. he was a complete psychopath, whereas here he seems like a quivering bell boy who puts on a good show, but ultimately is completely powerless. now with what the show is set up, i do think that this arc works slightly better for him, especially because he was introduced as someone whose reputation was built completely on a lie. throughout the episode, he clearly struggles with flag's actions, and in the end, becomes one of the key voices that brings him down. it does deviate highly from the source material, but if this is the route that they're going then overall, his arc does make sense. however, one character that i feel gets short-changed is glenn, who doesn't fully get the final scene that he deserves, though his death is probably the most impactful one in the series. he and flag actually come face to face in the book and have a conversation. flag promises to let him go if he begs for mercy, but glenn instead goes off on his rant and calls him a roach. this renders him powerless, and thus he has to get lloyd to shoot him in the work. his dying words are, it's all right mr, henry, you don't know any better. and though this final act of defiance is brought across here, it could have been so much more. however, at this moment does make the crowd see lloyd for what he is, and it robs flag of his powers, though no one other than him knows about it. now, another big difference in the work is that nadine is still alive in the show at this point, and she arrives to see larry, who shows her her true face. i think that it becomes clear now that flag had hypnotized her into believing that she was still beautiful. but upon his powers being stripped away, she's able to see just how ugly she's become. they do alter quite a lot of things in her death, most notably that she actually goads flag into killing her. after their encounter in the desert, nadine was almost in a complete state of catatonia, and she snapped out of it just in time to talk flag, who tossed her out of the penthouse. on the way down, he could see her smiling, and he realized that he'd been tricked. whereas in this entry, she has a lot more agency and chooses to do it herself. aiden smashes the stone into the window and jumps out, not only carrying this idea of shattering a symbol of flag, but also making a public display of defiance against him. however, one of the big problems about the show is that i feel that this entire storyline is heavily compressed. king's original work was an epic, and here a lot of the character nuances are crammed down to tell a story in these eight episodes, meaning that a lot of the orcs feel slightly rushed. nadine goes from completely worshipping the man to hating him in the next scene. and though we have seen some duality to her throughout the season, it felt like it was slightly unearned. obviously, i am familiar with the source material, so i am able to follow this story quite well. so i'd actually like to hear, if you haven't read it, can can you follow these moments, or are they just getting lost on you? let me know below. now, out in the wild, we see stew who, unlike harold, doesn't take his own life. randall's wolf arrives to attack him, but glenn's dog, called jack, fights him off, meaning that the character can be found by tom cullen. later down the line, stew goes on a bit of a weird one, and he better hope that nuclear fallout doesn't exist in this world, otherwise the lads gonna be in trouble. after the death of nadine, lloyd wears his michael jackson thriller jacket as a tribute to the character, and we can see the cracks start to form. a great moment that can't show because of youtube monetization, has nadine's head served on a platter to larry. but instead of seeing it as something to taunt him, he actually uses it as a power play. nadine being offered up like this clearly shows that flag is the monster everyone suspects he is. and though i didn't really enjoy the first half of the episode, the latter half really steps it up a gear and feels like the kind of tone and scale that we should have got in vegas. personally, i would have just combined the court scene with this one in the hotel and had glenn argue the flag on the balcony. but i guess having this many extras on screen at once and renting out an entire hotel is costly. catherine mcnamara does a great job of riling up the crowd, i think, as does mahomy. alexander skarsgard, who really shines his flag in his final monologue, discussing how abigail's ways in itself are a disease that they must stamp out. larry realizes that flag doesn't know she's dead already, which means that his ability to see has slipped away. and thus he recites an element of psalm 23 whilst being beaten, which makes others rise up against flag, stripping him completely of his power when the almighty arrives. now by the almighty, i of course mean ezra miller, who has delivered an emmy-worthy performance this entire season. he's brought a lot of subtlety to what could have been a farcical role, and has probably given us one of the best performances ever caught on camera. by that, i mean the trash can man completely under delivers. and it sucks that we never got an arc for him at all. he's pretty much just a deus ex machina that pops up with a bomb so that god can come in through the hole that nadine left. and strike down flag's followers before detonating it. he doesn't really have anything to do other than that, and it just feels like a complete waste, in my opinion. i do like, though, that his skin was completely melted off by the radiation. but yeah, such a strange performance in a show that played things straight for the most part. i even kind of got the idea that trash can might have been working for god the entire time, due to him saying the bomb was for you whilst looking at the sky. but as we didn't follow him enough, it's completely impossible to tell. anyway, god descends on them like the ending of riders of lost ark and completely tears up shop. lloyd gets final destination, and the others are torn apart by lightning. now, an important thing to know is that larry and rey do die. however, they don't die afraid. the latter was worried that would happen, and is somewhat a satisfactory way for the pair to close out. they die on their knees in a prayer formation as the bomb goes off, completely decimating vegas. a flag does disappear before things go off, and he will likely return next week in some form or another. on the outskirts of the town, tom finds stu amongst the ashes. and though they probably would have been dead within minutes due to the bomb, it looks like everything is going to be m-o-o-n. and that spells a-okay. however, they might tackle the fallout of this in the final episode, as obviously there'd be a lot of radiation in the air, but, you know, we don't know where the shot at this point. it could be very, very sincere in one minute, and then ezra miller the next. now, back in boulder, franny and joe see the explosion light of the night sky, and the latter says that he's gone. frannie starts asking if the boy can see stew and then goes into labor, which ends the episode. now, as a whole, i did think that this got things back on track slightly towards the end. but the finale, it really could go either way. king has said that he's had it in his head for about 40 years, so i hope it delivers. but as far as bringing the book to screen, i did feel that this ending lacked in some ways. i actually think that they've left enough out of the book, that they'll be able to fit it into next week and keep things pretty much the same. but there are rumors of a time jump, so we'll just have to seek. obviously. let me know your thoughts on the episode and what you think will happen next week in the comments below. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 28th of february, in which we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase 3 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of last week, which will be linked on screen right now. we're also doing weekly coverage on one division, which i'm enjoying a lot more. so yeah, give that a watch as well. without the way, thanks for sitting through the video. i've been paul, and i see you next week. take care, peace, 