have you ever wanted to watch a man go on a vengeful rampage? would your first thought of someone that would do it be nicholas cage? then you're sure to love this. 2018's mandy gives you just that. while this is my opinion on the film, it's no substitute for watching it yourself. links to the film are in the description, like the video. if you enjoy. if this is any indication of what's to come, these words speak towards this being an awesome journey. of course. nicholas cage is a lumberjack. now just add that to the list of occupations for his characters. this is probably one of the most sensual smoke sessions i've ever witnessed. red is a lumberjack who is helping clear an area of forest. while red enjoys his drive home, he takes in the serene majesty of the forest era he's passing through. honestly, that's one of the coolest ways i've ever seen that done. i wish more films did something similar. as red makes his way inside, he's greeted by mandy, his wife. this is the first time we see red smile so far. and i'm imagining that won't happen for a good bit of the movie. you can tell by the way they interact, the red and mandy are absolutely in love with each other. what's yours saturn? probably she's over here wanting to know his favorite planet, when all he sees is the stars in her eyes. this man is hooked. the visuals in this film are so gorgeous. as red and mandy continue to enjoy each other's company through time, we can tell that they enjoy a certain amount of peace in their life. well, that's an unpleasant sound to wake up to. as mandy follows the sound to a clearing in the forest, she comes across a dead deer that makes mandy feel uneasy. sometimes i wonder if we should move away from this place. i think, between the poor deer and him bringing this up, i would think it would be a good idea to leave. instead. manny takes his time to tell a terrible story of her father from when she was younger. red's face pretty much sums up how mandy's story goes. the next day, mandy is spending some time alone to catch up on some reading. but as she reads further, the words begin to haunt her, as she takes a walk down the dirt road that leads to their house. she sees the light of a van making its way towards her. the van is filled with unruly looking characters, and they drive right by mandy. something about that look just doesn't bode well for mandy. potential antagonist, i think so i have a feeling these are the people we should watch out for. we cut to the group of people that were in the van at what looks like a hotel. jeremiah is lying on a bed, and he looks perplexed to mother marlene, i'm definitely getting a cult leader vibe here. if you are not with me, you will not ascend called it. jeremiah then calls in brother swan, do you have the horn of the praxis? and there's the religious cult rock to go along with it. it's almost like this guy got a how to start your own cult kit and followed it to the dot. jeremiah tells the follower that he needs mandy, and he commands him together for him. there's actually many similarities between jeremiah and real life cult leader charles manson. both are failed musicians who took it personally when insulted. and the use of psychedelics were used before acts of violence. i guess you live around here. yeah, we lived just down there. oh, that sounds lovely. see you later. one if an old woman asks you about where you live with a creepy tone, don't tell her exactly where. 2. crystal lake. any connections? later that night, brother swan parks the van with another man, brother hanker, who does not look amused by what's going on. [Music], i don't care if that's a cult relic. it has a beautiful sound, and i want one. the two men wait in the van with others from the cult waiting in the back. soon a whole gaggle of four-wheelers and suspicious characters appear. back at red and mandy's house, the creatures that brother swan had summoned appear in the tree line. soon after they are inside the house. this girl got really serious really fast. mandy is taken and brought back to the cult, where the other women try to explain things to her, as long as you're a good girl, or at least they give her a little bit of the rules. the other woman that is there is sister lucy, and she helps mother marlene in getting mandy ready to be part of the cult. no, thank you. i'm sorry for all this. [Music]. i don't really think that's enough to make up for demons kidnapping you in the middle of the night. as jeremiah explains a little bit of how the cult wants to welcome her, mandy begins to fall under his trance. jeremiah tells of how he once had a chance at fame and fortune, but he was shown another path that led to something far greater. you're a special one, mandy. i too am a special one. let us be so very special together. it's almost too good to be true. yet, after his offer, mandy proceeds to laugh at what he's presenting, and it infuriates him. later we see red is tied up outside of his house. as he comes to jeremiah approaches him with others from the cult. he tells red that he doesn't know powerful love, so he gives sister lucy a revolver and tells her to show red how much she loves jeremiah. i'm not sure if that's love, but she didn't look too relieved that it didn't go off. we can't lose the main protagonist. this early, it's only halfway done. as red suffers through his pain, he watches as the co-members make their way out of his house. they douse a body in a bag that is mandy, with gasoline before they proceed to set a flame to it and watch it burn. while this is a sad moment, we all know that red isn't gonna let this go lightly. as mandy burns, each member of the cult takes this event differently. some celebrate, some are saddened, and others are joking. the one constant is that everything is fueling vengeance in red. once it's all done, the coat packs up and leaves red tied outside. we all knew barbed wire wasn't gonna hold nicholas cage. as he crawls over to his wife, red sheds a single tear before what's left of mandy blows away to dust. i honestly didn't know he was pantless this whole time. after such a serious moment, this definitely made me laugh. what kind of commercials did they have in the 80s? they better get ready. they have no idea what beast they've just unleashed. red visits an old friend of his name carruthers, who has been holding on to red's crossbow. so what you hunting jesus freaks? best joke i've heard all year. after red explains what happens, carruthers mentions the name black skulls. he explains that the chapter of their gang got a bad batch of lsd from a chemist that messed with their heads, and they were never the same again. red knows his odds aren't so great, but that isn't going to be enough to stop him. did everyone in the 80s have an underground forge ready to make weapons? coolest axe i've ever seen. why didn't he have any weapons at his own house when they broke in? this axe was actually inspired by legendary metal band celtic frost's logo. these chapter labels are some of the coolest artwork in a film recently. as red hunts down members of the gang, you can see that he's a man on the edge. what was that guy made of that made his whole car go airborne? again, he only got one of them, and he's tied up again. once red wakes up, he attracts the attention of the member that brought him in. initially, it looks almost inhuman, but after a closer look, we realize that he's really just a person behind a demented face, covering what is that hole? a pit to hell? as red escapes from the basement that he's trapped in, he comes across another demonic member who is relaxing with some drugs. red just can't win this movie. he's been constantly injured, lost the love of his life, and his sanity has gone with it all. that's the face of a man you just don't mess with anymore. he's bloodthirsty. now, yes, we definitely need the revenge crazed maniac to be hopped up even more on lsd. after red goes outside, he runs into another member who fights him until red gets the best of him with his ex yeah, and now, so are you? red? now takes the motorcycle of one of the dead members and ventures farther down the road until he comes to a man known as the chemist. while red doesn't say a word, the chemist elaborates on how red exudes darkness and he can tell that red is there for the cult members. the chemist tells red that they're farther north. and red goes on as merry way to find them. as red continues on his four-wheeler, he finds himself stuck in what seems like a bog and he has to continue on foot. he finds himself on the shore of the forest that he had been working on in the beginning. and not far from there, he finds where the cult members have been. was he chopping down trees in the beginning to supply the cult members earlier? i have a feeling that by the end of this journey, that house will belong to red. instead. she burned, brightly, mandy, why does everyone think it's a good idea to bring up his burning wife right before he kills them? don't anger him anymore. needless to say, red has had enough and ends brother swan in a terrible way. then he turns his attention to sister lucy, whom he actually lets live. as he closes in on more members of violence absolutely follows. this is just a free-for-all of victims. now, oh god, he's got a chainsaw. now, the other member gives red a look as though he's been waiting for him this whole time. seriously, does he just hang out in random places with an extra long chainsaw in tow all the time. this whole chainsaw fight had to be filmed in one single night. the director panos described it as a straight-up living hell to shoot. an epic battle of chainsaws ensues, which i never thought i would say yet. here we are watching nicolas cage fight with a chainsaw. as the two of these titans battle. it doesn't look good for red. until this is definitely a fulfilling way to end their struggle. not as fulfilling as setting him on fire and commenting about it every 10 minutes, but still a happy ending. red goes back to the cult's church and finds an alternate path inside that leads further down into the ground. as he continues, he reaches a room that mother marlene is sobbing in. this is not the time to be flaunting that. this man is covered from head to toe in the blood of your fellow members, and you burnt his wife right in front of him. you would have been better off using all this time to run. as the screen cuts to black, we come back to see jeremiah trying to warn red out of coming into the room. okay, i did laugh out loud here. jeremiah proceeds to try and brag the wonders of what he's been blessed with. and tries to dissuade red by telling him that he's not on the same level as him. he tries to explain to red that he's actually the gate to his salvation. once jeremiah realizes that red cannot be swayed, he starts to crack. red is even more terrifying when you're tripping balls on lsd. it's in this moment that red crushes jeremiah in a way you never thought physically possible. that feels like real redemption. now we've been waiting for the fire to be used, but it only feels fitting that he saved it for jeremiah. that's definitely fulfilling the watch. after a long journey of pain and vengeance, it's good to know that he can look back and still find peace in her memory. extra little tidbit, there's actually a short still scene after the end credits that shows the sketches from mandy's pages. around 2 hours, 1 minute and 8 seconds. thank you again for watching. again, this is just my opinion, so by all means, try the film out for yourself. there's something there for everyone. leave a like if you liked the video and subscribe to keep up with our new content. if there's a film you'd like me to watch next, leave a comment down below, and i'll see you in the next video. 