cinema synopses. spoiler alert. in Russia, media covers Tony Stark's disclosure of his identity as Iron Man. Ivan Vanko, whose father Anton Vanko has just died, sees the news report and begins building a miniature arc reactor similar to Starks. six months later, stark is a superstar and uses his Iron Man suit for peaceful means, resisting government pressure to sell his designs. I am Iron Man, the shootin iron r1. he re Institute's the stark Expo to continue his father, Howard's legacy. welcome back to the stark Expo. the Palladium core in the arc reactor that keeps stark alive and powers the armor is slowly poisoning him. blood toxicity 24%. and he cannot find a substitute and not conserved as a viable replacement for the Palladium core, growing increasingly reckless and despondent about his impending death. unfortunately, the device that's keeping you alive is also coming and choosing not to tell anyone about his condition, Stark appoints his personal assistant, Pepper Potts, CEO of Stark Industries, and hires Stark employee Natalie rushman to replace her as his personal assistant. start competes in the Monaco historic Grand Prix, where he is attacked in the middle of the race by vivanco, who wields electrified whips. stark dawns is marked five armor and defeats bunker, but the suit is severely damaged. Vanko explains his intention was to prove to the world that Iron Man is not invincible. impressed by vanko's performance, Stark's rival Justin, Hammer, fakes bonkers death while breaking him out of prison and asks him to build a line of armored suits to upstage Stark during what stark believes is his final birthday party. if this was your last birthday party, how would you celebrate it? start gets trunked while wearing the mark before suit disgusted US. Air Force Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes. dawn starts mark to prototype armor and tries to restrain it. you might be the war machine took your Shepard fight and Dennis film it. so Rhoads confiscates the mark two for the US. Air Force. Nick Fury, director of shield, approaches Stark, revealing rushman to be agent Natasha Romanoff. and that Howard Stark was a shield founder whom fury knew personally. that thing in your chest is based on unfinished technology. he was about to kick off an energy race, something big. theory explains that vanko's father jointly invented the arc reactor with stark, but when Anton tried to sell it for profit, Anton saw it as a way to get rid Stark. howdy had him deported the Soviets and Anton to the gulag. hammer is called to equip the mark 2. and Rhodes requests that it be fully weaponized with all of the weapons that hammer brings. I think I'll take it, all of it. fury gives Stark some of his father's old material. a hidden message in the diorama of the 1974 stark Expo, what is and always will be my greatest creation proves to be a diagram of the structure of a new element. what is it you'll try to achieve something? rediscover new element. with the aid of his computer, Jarvis Stark synthesizes it, punching maximum power. when he learns Vanko is still alive. sound pretty sprightly for dead gun, he places the new element in his arc reactor and ends his palladium dependency. at the expo, hammer unveils fonkoze armored drones led by Rhodes, and a heavily weaponized version of the mark 2 armor. stark arrives in the March 6 armor to warn Rhodes he's working venom. but Vanko remotely takes control because both the drones and Rhodes his armor and attacks Ironman. hammer is arrested, while romanov and Stark's bodyguard, happy Hogan, go after van Gogh at hammers factory. I got him. Banco escapes. he's gone. but Romanoff returns control of the mark 2 armor. stark and Rhodes, together defeat Bunco and his drone. nice Bunco seemingly commits suicide by blowing up his at a debriefing, fury informed stark that because of Starks difficult personality and textbook narcissism, shield intends to use him only as a consultant. you can't afford me. Stark and Rhodes receive medals for their heroism. in a post-credits scene, SHIELD agent Phil Coulson reports the discovery of Thor's hammer Manya at the bottom of a crater in a desert in New Mexico. keep watching to see some great Easter eggs and cameos. in Iron Man 2, when first talking with Senator Stern, Tony Stark says he would gladly accept the position of Secretary of Defense, but I'll consider Secretary of Defense of last night. in the comics, Tony Stark actually was appointed the Secretary of Defense. near the end of Tony Stark's fight with Rhodes, he says, you might be the war machine. this is an homage to war machine Rhodes, a superhero alias. in the comics, the character of Ivan Vanko is a combination of Iron Man's enemy, the Crimson Dynamo, dr. Vanko, who wears weaponry and armor that can control electricity, and the supervillain whiplash, who possesses a specially designed razor and acid whip. in addition, the character is portrayed as the son of Anton Vanko, who was the original Crimson Dynamo. in the comics, the part of Tony Stark getting drunk at his birthday in the film is an homage to the comics, where Stark has a recurring problem with alcoholism. what is it you'll try to achieve? Tony Stark's artificial intelligence, Jarvis stands for just a rather very intelligent system. when Tony Stark asks Natalie rushman if she actually speaks Latin, do you speak Latin? she responds with the phrase is a quote from Lucio nao Seneca, meaning, the appearances of things are deceptive. this clever alludes to her job as a spy, to deceive other people. [Music]. 