james bowen is a homeless man and a former heroin addict, living on the streets of london and down to his last bit of change. after a life-threatening rock-related incident, his support worker, fell, gets him into a council flat and prescribe him with methadone an attempt to get him off the street. on his first night in his flat, james discovered a cat riffling through his foot. assuming the cat had escaped from somewhere, james tries to return the cat to his real owners after letting him go. the same evening, the cat returns to jam's flat, this time with a purlin wound in his back leg. worried, james console to his animal loving, but allergic neighbor, betty. she informed james of a local charity, fed, where she volunteers, and names the cat pop waiting on the quay in the fed. james missed a meeting with fell. after the appointment, james has bob nature and sets him free. however, bob keeps following james into town, eventually driving more crowd of people, making gems more wealthy. and he eventually decided to keep up. bob becomes a tourist hotspot, and james and bitsy start to become romantically attached. one night, while returning home, james find his old friend buzz unconscious on his flat estate, overdose on heroin. best lester dies in hospital. and james finds out that betsy cannot be around drug addicts, as her diseased brother had been one. on new year's eve, james make an impromptu visit to his biological father jack. after bob destroyed their living room. hillary sends james and bob out. one day, while busking, james get into an argument with the top causing the crowd to get into brawl with the man, and james getting arrested for it, also found innocent. he's prohibited from busking for six months. while in the chemist receiving his methadone, betsy noticed him. betty and james argue and go their separate ways. later on, james visit the office of the big issue to make some more money for him and bob. he regained his popularity with tourists by selling the big issue. after being accused of illegally selling magazines of another panda patch, james and bob are banned for a whole month after going back in business, james gets into an argument with the rude woman trying to buy bob of him, losing bob in the scuffle. bob does not return for a few days, leaving james devastated. after bob returns, james feels he's ready to come off the methadone. after a week of gruelling with rebel simpsons, james awake clean and healthy. james goes to visit betsy, who is in the middle of moving and living a life man for her to live. james and betty end on a good note. a journalist mary to request to write a book about james and bob after his internet and media popularity. james then fix up his relationship with his father, jack, and his life turns around for the better. a letter at a book signing, james is celebrated by phil, his father. and visiting betsy, james and betty remain supportive friends as james and bob continue on their journey together. james bowen is a homeless man and a former heroine addict, living on the streets of london and down to his last bit of change after a life-threatening rock-related incident, his support worker, fell, gets him into a council flat and prescribe him with methadone an attempt to get him off the street. on his first night in his flat, james discover a cat riffling through his foot. assuming the cat had escaped from somewhere, james tries to return the cat to his real owners after letting him go. the same evening, the cat returns to jam's flat, this time with a purlin wound in his back leg. worried, james console to his animal loving, but allergic neighbor, betty. she informed james of a local charity that where she volunteers and names the cat pop watching on the quay. in fact, james missed a meeting with fell. after the appointment, james has bob nature and sets him free. however, bob kept following james into town, eventually driving more crowd of people, making james more wealthy. and he eventually decided to keep up. bob becomes a tourist hotspot, and james and bitsy start to become romantically attached. one night, while returning home, james finds his old friend buzz, unconscious on his flat estate, overdose on heroin bass later dies in hospital. and james finds out that betsy cannot be around drug addicts, as her disease brother had been one. on new year's eve, james make an impromptu visit to his biological father jack, after bob destroyed their living room. hillary sends james and bob out one day. while busking gems, get into an argument with the top causing the crowd to get into brawl with the man, and james getting arrested for it, also found innocent. he's prohibited from busking for six months. while in the chemist receiving his methadone, betsy notice him. betty and james argue and go their separate ways. later on, james visit the office of the big issue to make some more money for him and bob. he regained his popularity with tourists by selling the big issue. after being accused of illegally selling magazines of another panda patch, james and bob are banned for a whole month. after going back in business, james gets into an argument with the rude woman trying to buy bob of him, losing bob in his cover. bob does not return for a few days. leaving james devastated. after bob returns, james feels he is ready to come off the methadone. after a week of grueling with rebel symptoms, james awake clean and healthy. james goes to visit betty, who is in the middle of moving and leaving a life man for her to live. james and betty end on a good note. a journalist mary to request to write a book about james and bob after his internet and media popularity. james then fix up his relationship with his father, jack, and his life turns around for the better. a letter at a book signing, james is celebrated by phil, his father. and visiting betsy, james and betty remain supportive friends as james and bob continue on their journey together 