hello and welcome to movies in five minutes or less. this is a recap of the 2017 action movie, the hitman's bodyguard, starring ryan reynolds and samuel l jackson. warning, spoilers ahead. michael bryce is a successful uk-based private bodyguard who lives a luxurious lifestyle until his client, takashi kurosawa, is assassinated on his watch. two years later, bryce, who has fallen from grace, manages to stay alive in london by protecting drug addicted corporate executives. meanwhile, the vicious dictator of belarus, vladislav dukovic, is facing charges of crimes against humanity at the international criminal court. the prosecution's last hope, after failing to obtain solid evidence or testimony against dukovic, is incarcerated hitman darius kincaid, who agrees to testify against dukovic in exchange for the release of his wife, sonia, from prison. an armed convoy transports concave from the united kingdom to the international criminal court in the hague, led by interpol agent resell dukovic, as men ambush the convoy as it passes through coventry, killing the majority of the security team with the help of treacherous interpol assistant director gene fouche. after kincaid eliminates the attackers, agent roussell, the sole survivor, takes kincaid to an interpol safe house in the city. she enlists the help of her ex bryce to escort and protect kincaid on the way to the hague. realizing that the agency cannot be trusted with the mission due to a possible leak, they hitchhike to a ferry that will take them to amsterdam, where sonya is imprisoned. kincaid tells bryce that he accidentally killed kurosawa while working on another job. dukovic's men attack can kate. as bryce evaluates his past mistakes at a beer stand. bryce regains his composure and assists kincaid in fleeing, but he is apprehended. kincaid arrives and saves bryce's dukovich's men torture him. they arrive in the hague. after resolving their differences. kincaid claims that dukovic hired him to assassinate a political rival, but he witnessed a mass execution and uploaded photos of the massacre to a secret ftp site that he provides to the court. dukovic confesses his guilt before reverting to his backup plan of bombing the court to flee. russell deduces that fouche was the traitor because he leaves the court before the bombing. dukovic seizes a gun to kill kincaid after the bomb goes off, but bryce dives in front of the bullet and takes the hit. he tells kincaid to stop dukovic because he is injured. after a struggle between fouche and ruselle, bryce shoots fouche to save roussel. dukovic is pursued by kincaid to the roof where he tries to flee by helicopter for shooting bryce. kincaid destroys the helicopter and kicks dukovic off the roof to his death. kincaid is re-arrested for his crimes, but he escapes belmarsh prison several months later to celebrate his anniversary with sonia in the honduran bar where they first met. they kiss as a wild bar brawler ups around them. thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes or less. don't forget to subscribe to our channel. till next time, 