welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. Netflix has just dropped the final season of Jessica Jones, and the show has a lot to impact from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the season, as well as giving my thoughts on whether it delivers a worthy send-off or not. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the show yet, and I highly recommend that you, turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my full breakdown of Jessica Jones season 3. from the off, you get the feeling that Jessica possesses a lot of disdain towards heroism. and season 3 deals with her coming to terms with the responsibility that has been thrust upon her. phrases like Captain America would never have done that wring out from the off, and it's clear that this isn't your cookie cutter Marvel character at all. whilst this has always been a standard for the heroine. there's an increased amount of eye rolling going on from Jessica this time round. and from the outset and throughout, she seems like she's truly decided to be as distant from humanity as well humanly possible. there's a huge shadow left over the season by Jessica's mother. and she, though the titular character hates to admit it, inspired her, in some ways, to do good. in addition to this, she has to deal with the fact that morality and the law often opposites. and she realizes that she has to cross the line in order to do the right thing, even though she'll be crippled legally. mirroring this, hogarth, played by Korean moss, finds herself losing her mobility physically after the ALS disease slowly begins to take over her body. Malcolm 2 finds himself struggling with the morality of the law, and it's clear that justice isn't always well just. he sees firsthand that the law can be lenient towards people, which definitely calls the need for vigilantes. now this sets of Trish's Ark, and it's arguably the most interesting use of the character. in all three seasons, Jessica finds herself put in a position of power where she is reluctantly looking out for only hogarth, but also Trish, whose powers are beginning to manifest as she eventually becomes like her comic counterpart, Hellcat. this isn't made any easier by the rise of a new bill in a New York named Salinger, which Trish becomes entangled with after he kills her mother. and the season becomes as much about Jessica saving Trish as it does Trish wishing to save the city. overall, a season really drives home the fact that if we are capable of doing the right thing, then we have a duty to do it, no matter what it costs us personally. there is a true sense of morality to the entire piece, and examines how a lot of those perceived as heroes by the viewers are not too distant from Salinger, should they decide to step over the line. when Salinger is hospitalized, Trish is given the opportunity to kill him. however, Jessica wishes to have justice rather than vengeance, so that Trish will not go down a dark path that she probably won't come back from. this is a transformative moment that shows that Jessica has truly become a hero. and though she can't save the show from being canceled by Netflix, she can at least save her stepsister. Salinger challenges that, deep down, she does want to be a heroine, even though she won't admit to others. and no, she initially denies there. it becomes clear throughout the season that this is the case. Jones tricked Salinger into confessing his crimes after luring him into a false sense of security. and it seems that she is finally done enough to clear Trish's name and end the saga once and for all. however, in a shocking twist at the end of episode 12, Trish kills the killer and thus descends into darkness. it's at this point that Jessica questions whether it's worth even being a hero, as everyone else gets to look away, while she is the one that's required to deal with it. we get an awesome Luke Cage cameo, but the main talking part of the finale comes down to Trish and Jones facing off. we learn that once the line is crossed, there's no real going back. from it. and Jessica worries that Trish's murders will escalate and become less merciful the longer she goes on. if she is the one to judge who lives or dies, then surely even those who haven't committed major crimes will eventually become victims if their fate is based purely on morality. in the end, we head into a showdown, with Jessica fully aware of what Trish escaped. they're aiming hogarth. Trish actually realizes that she's the only way to get out of New York and off to a new life. however, Jessica exposes her online and tracks down her transport, which literally puts the final nail in the coffin for the character. she shows Trish that if she continues on the path that she is, eventually she will come up against a good guy and therefore beat the villain. standoff between the two is very subtext driven, and you get the feeling that they both sort of just give up, each willing did not really step over the line and destroy the other one. this leads Trish to yield, and she and Prison comes to the conclusion that in the end, she was the bad guy in breaking the law, no matter how corrupted it may have seemed. Jessica, on the other hand, hasn't really accepted that she is a hero either, and she decides to shirk off the responsibility. after parting ways with Eric, who represents the darker path, she finally closes the door her past self, deciding to flee the life of a hero. she says a final farewell to Trish, who's been escorted to the raft, and heads out to get as far away from it all as she can. however, when buying the ticket, which is appropriately purple, she hears the everlasting voice of kilgrave in her head and realizes that this is the wrong decision. Jessica defiantly turns round and heads back out into the world, ready to embrace the fact that she is a hero and that she will do good. her influences further showcased by Eric, who decides to start working with the police. and it's a really upbeat note to finish on. that's a bittersweet moment to end the season on, and one that feels triumphant. was also disappointing at the same time, purely because I really wanted Jessica Jones to go on longer, but unfortunately, due to the cancellation by Netflix, this is potentially the last we will ever see of her in this incarnation. it's such a shame, because while season 3 is probably the weakest of the run, it's still really enjoyable. there's no heavy-handed messages here, and it's easy to put yourself in the shoes of Jessica and Trish and deciding who you would side with. whilst the costumes are really lackluster, with pretty much a scarf over someone's face being the height of it, the tense drama created by Salinger and the question of what it really takes to be a hero really drive this season immensely. in the end, it's pretty sad to see the show go along with the rest of the Marvel Netflix universe, but perhaps this is the send-off we needed, knowing our heroes are off into the world doing their own thing. against the grain. overall, I enjoyed Jessica Jones season three, and it gets a 7 out of 10. obviously. I loved hear your thoughts on the season, and if you took anything different from it, then make sure you comment below and let me know if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this weekend's other big release, men and black international, which would be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missed in television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 