welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about Saving Private Ryan. an elderly veteran visits the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial with his family. at a tombstone, he falls to his knees with emotion. the scene then shifts to the morning of June 6, 1944. as American soldiers land on Omaha Beach as part of the Normandy invasion, they suffer heavy losses in assaulting fortified German defensive positions. captain Miller of the 2nd Ranger Battalion leaves a breakout from the beach. elsewhere on the beach, a dead soldier lies facedown in the bloody surf. his pack is stenciled Ryan s in Washington, DC, at the u.s. War Department, General George Marshall learns that three of the four sons of the Ryan family were killed in action, and that the fourth son, James, is with the 101st Airborne Division somewhere in Normandy. after reading Abraham Lincoln's Bixby letter aloud, Marshall orders Ryan brought home. three days after d-day, Miller receives orders to find Ryan and bring him back. he chooses seven men from his company, t Sgt poor back, privates first-class drivin and caparzo, privates Mellish and Jackson, t4 medic wait plus T five of them an interpreter from headquarters. they move out to new Ville, where they meet a squad of the 101st engaged against the enemy. caparzo is killed by a German sniper, who is then killed by Jackson. they locate a private, James Ryan, only to learn that he is not the right one from passing soldiers. Miller learns that Ryan is defending an important bridge in rimmel. near Rommel. Miller decides to neutralize a German machine gun position at a derelict radar station, despite his men's misgivings. Wade is killed in the skirmish. at FM's urging, Miller declines to execute a surviving German soldier and sets him free. losing confidence in Miller's leadership, reiben declares his intention to desert, prompting a confrontation with Horvath. Miller diffuses the standoff by disclosing his civilian career as a high school English teacher, about which his men had set up a betting pool, reiben decides to stay at Bramall. Ryan is among a small group of paratroopers preparing to defend the key bridge against an imminent German attack. Miller tells Ryan that his brothers are dead and that he was ordered to bring him home. Ryan is distressed about his brothers, but as unwilling to leave his post, Miller combines his unit with the paratroopers in defense of the bridge. he devises a plan to ambush the enemy with 2.30 calibre guns, Molotov cocktails, anti-tank mines and improvised satchel charges made from socks. elements of the second SS Panzer Division arrived with two Tiger tanks and two martyr tank destroyers, all protected by German infantry. although they inflict heavy casualties on the Germans, most of the paratroopers, along with Jackson, Mellish and Horvath, are killed up as immobilized by fear. Miller attempts to blow up the bridge, but is shot and mortally wounded by the free German prisoner from the radar station who had somehow rejoined a fighting unit. Miller crawls to retrieve the bridge detonator and fires ineffectually with his pistol at the uncoming tank. as the tank reaches the bridge, an American p-51 Mustang flies overhead and destroys the tank, after which American armored units arrived to rout the remaining Germans. seeing the reinforcements and how the Germans were now fleeing up and leaps out from hiding and holds the German prisoner and his fellow soldiers at gunpoint before shooting the prisoner dead and allow the others to flee. reiben and Ryan are with Miller as he utters his last words, James earned this, earn it, before dying from his wounds. as Ryan stands over Miller's body, the scene fades to the elderly veteran, who is revealed to be Ryan, and the grave he is standing next to, his revealed to be Millers. Ryan asks his wife if he was worthy of such sacrifice, to which she replies that he has. Ryan salutes Miller's grave before departing with his family. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 