Detective Recapped here. Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to explain a Drama-Thriller film called: "The Good Doctor," which highlights the dangers of loneliness, ambition, and obsession. Despite its anxious and mild-mannered protagonist, his unexpected unpredictability takes the forefront. With low stakes taken to extremes and comeuppance always being an arm\xe2\x80\x99s reach away, the movie is quick to take several dark turns. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Some doctors say that you\xe2\x80\x99re never truly a doctor until you lose a patient. Little does Martin Blake know, he\xe2\x80\x99s about to find out whether this sordid little saying is true or not. Six days into his residency at a Southern California hospital, British doctor Martin Blake already feels the tension between him and some of his colleagues. After examining a patient who can\xe2\x80\x99t speak English, two nurses irritate Martin when one of them, Nurse Theresa, asks him to read his own handwriting. The other one, Nurse Maryanne, refuses to take a patient's blood, saying he has to do it himself since they're swamped. Taken aback, Martin draws blood from his patient's arm while crossly commenting to the patient\xe2\x80\x99s mother that a phlebotomist is supposed to do this, not a doctor. Already, it\xe2\x80\x99s clear that Martin feels undermined in the hospital. And though he\xe2\x80\x99s annoyed by the dismissive way the nurses talk to him, he still tries his best not to call them out for their rude behavior. He's still new at the place, and building a good relationship with others can take time. The next day, Martin visits his patient from the previous day, Diane Nixon. He tells the girl that she has pyelonephritis, a UTI of the upper tract and kidney, and Diane writes it down in her journal. During Diane's check-up, Martin tells her that her condition can get serious if not treated early. Diane asks if she can die from that, and Martin assures her that he has things under control. As they share some lighthearted banter about doctors, Diane's mother and sister, Valerie, arrive. After Martin informs them of Diane's condition, her sister teases him about how smart of a doctor he is. When Diane's boyfriend, Rich, shows up, too, Martin can't help but look at the dismissive boy with displeasure before leaving the room. The almost flirty way the sisters banter with Martin about his profession isn\xe2\x80\x99t lost on him. And with the constant crap he\xe2\x80\x99s getting from his colleagues, it\xe2\x80\x99s a breath of fresh air for him to be admired this way. Still, Rich\xe2\x80\x99s uncaring attitude towards Martin is quick to bring him back to reality. On his way out, Nurse Theresa asks him to confirm that he wrote "penicillin" on his patient\'s admit sheet before asking him to follow her. They then go to the room of one of his patients, Mr. Sanchez, where nurse Theresa tells Martin that the man is allergic to penicillin. Martin argues that it wasn't mentioned in the patient's original admit sheet, but when the nurse questions him if he asked Mr. Sanchez, Martin says the patient doesn't speak English. Annoyed, Martin demands to know why she still gave Mr. Sanchez penicillin even though she knew he was allergic to it, and Nurse Theresa retorts that she only followed his instructions. Instead of arguing with her, Martin instructs her to prepare a Benadryl line for Mr. Sanchez, but Nurse Theresa says she already took care of it before walking away. As Martin follows her, Nurse Theresa says she'll file an incident report. Determined to prove he's right, Martin starts looking for the original admit sheet, but the nurse tells him he won't find it there. Once again, Martin feels undermined by his colleague with the way she\xe2\x80\x99s openly putting the blame on him and expressing ignorance over the original admit sheet. It\xe2\x80\x99s a little puzzling why Nurse Theresa resents Martin, but it's clear that there's something she doesn't like in him. It may be the way he talks or carries himself, but the nurse should be professional and set aside her personal feelings. After all, it\xe2\x80\x99s the patient who\xe2\x80\x99ll suffer the most from any medical faults. During his break, Martin joins Dr. Waylans in the cafeteria and expresses his concern about the incident report involving Mr. Sanchez. Martin is worried that it will affect his application for the infectious diseases fellowship, but knowing where their conversation is heading, Mr. Waylans bluntly tells him he can't undo it. The next day, Martin hears Diane arguing with Rich over the phone as he enters her room. Martin then checks her up, and as he does, Diane tells him she wants to break up with her boyfriend. Martin says it's none of his business, but Diane continues to talk to him about Rich anyway. While they talk and Martin advises Theresa what to do with Rich, Nurse Theresa shows up and asks to speak with him. Though Martin asserts that he\xe2\x80\x99s with a patient, Theresa ignores him and gives him his files, saying she can't follow the orders on those papers because she can't read his handwriting. Later, Martin is inside an elevator, and he thinks about his confrontation with the nurse. When Jimmy, an orderly, enters the elevator, too, he asks the doctor what's bothering him. Martin then says he believes that the staff is supposed to follow orders and show doctors some respect, but Jimmy says it's probably not what he thinks. When Martin asks how long Nurse Theresa has been working there, Jimmy makes a joke and tells him to just get rid of her by slipping something in her food. At this point, Martin\xe2\x80\x99s only getting the respect he wants from Diane, who\xe2\x80\x99s openly consulting him with her problems. Nothing seems to be going right for him there, and he can\xe2\x80\x99t even pull any strings to keep the incident report from tainting his reputation. This may be another hit to his ego, seeing as he\xe2\x80\x99s not important enough to play their workplace politics right. And throughout all this, tensions keep rising between him and Theresa as he feels like he\xe2\x80\x99s not getting the respect that he deserves from her. Before his shift ends, Martin visits a sleeping Diane and finds flowers from Rich in her room. When Diane wakes up, she quickly closes her journal and asks what's his deal with Nurse Theresa. Martin assures her they just had a misunderstanding, but Diane implies the nurse should be fired for disrespecting him, making Martin smile. When Martin tells Diane she's all better, the girl gets sad that she doesn't have to stay at the hospital any longer and that she won't receive any of his helpful bits of advice. Instead of answering, Martin only smiles at her, and Diane says she'll tell Nurse Theresa that he's a good doctor. Although they won't say anything, it is pretty clear that Martin and Diane are attracted to each other. But since Martin\xe2\x80\x99s already established that he values his profession a good deal, he\xe2\x80\x99s not about to jeopardize it further by getting too close for comfort with a patient. Still, Diane gives him the ego boost he\xe2\x80\x99s been missing out on since he started working at the hospital. During the doctors' morning briefing, Dr. Waylans informs Martin he's discharging Diane. When Martin asks if he could let her stay another day, Dr. Waylans says he's already signed her out. Sure enough, Martin finds Diane's room empty, and as he's about to leave, Diane's father shows up and asks him for any last-minute advice. Martin tells him to make sure Diane finishes her pills since she could relapse, and Mr. Nixon says he will. He then invites Martin to dinner, saying Diane has taken a liking to him and wants to express her gratitude for his taking care of her. Martin accepts the invitation, and Mr. Nixon gives him his address before thanking him and leaving. The timing for Mr. Nixon\xe2\x80\x99s invitation can\xe2\x80\x99t be any better for Martin. Now that Diane isn\xe2\x80\x99t his patient anymore, he probably thinks that it won\xe2\x80\x99t be inappropriate to befriend her. Still, it almost feels like Martin is overstepping his boundaries as a doctor by asking if he could let Diane stay for another day. At the Nixons' house, Martin meets Diane's other sibling, Donny, then learns that Diane has left to talk to Rich. At the dinner table, the Nixons ask Martin about his work, and Martin casually answers them. While eating, Donny teases Valerie, and the girl accidentally spills wine on herself. Upset, Valerie walks out of the dining room, and Mr. Nixon grabs Donny by the hair, telling him to stop misbehaving. Embarrassed, Mrs. Nixon apologizes to Martin, but the doctor says it's fine. He then excuses himself and asks where the bathroom is, and on his way there, he accidentally opens the door to Valerie's room and sees her getting dressed. When Martin finally finds the bathroom, he stares at himself in the mirror and sees Diane's antibiotics in the closet. After washing up, Martin goes to Diane's room and looks around before finally picking up a framed photograph of her. Wanting to go, Martin tells the Nixons that something came up at the hospital and leaves. Martin is disappointed that Diane isn't home, but he keeps quiet about it. Diane is the sole reason why Martin accepted her father's invitation in the first place, and eating with her family without her makes the night too long for him. When Martin sees Diane's medication in the closet, his facial expression suddenly changes as if he just thought of something brilliant. When Martin arrives home, he takes out Diane's photograph that he's stolen from her room. The following day, Dr. Waylans talks to Martin about his first year of residency at the hospital. Dr. Waylans asks Martin why he became a doctor and if it's what he truly wants, and Martin says he saw how well-respected his mother's doctor friend was. Martin tells him he wanted to earn that kind of respect from his colleagues but admits to having a hard time, especially when it comes to getting along with Nurse Theresa. Martin expresses his frustration, saying the nurse treats him as if he's a nobody. He then assures the doctor that it's what he wants in life and promises to do better. In the cafeteria, Martin observes how the other doctors and nurses seem to be getting along just fine. While doctors don\xe2\x80\x99t need to have the noblest intentions as long as they do their job right, it\xe2\x80\x99s increasingly evident just how important respect is to Martin. In fact, it\xe2\x80\x99s the most important thing to him. Although he doesn't want to come off as a whiny person, it is obvious that he wants Dr. Waylans to see how unhappy he is with the way Nurse Theresa treats him. He receives a call from Valerie, asking him if he wants her to bring the gift basket her mother has prepared for him to the hospital or if he'd rather pick it up from their house. Of course, Martin goes to their place and greets Mrs. Nixon before asking if he could use the bathroom. There, Martin replaces the contents of Diane's pills with sugar and cleans up before taking the gift from Mrs. Nixon. The cracks in Martin\xe2\x80\x99s supposed professionalism are fully showing now. His decision to steal Diane's photograph and tamper with her medicine shows a growing obsession. Worst of all, he\xe2\x80\x99s willing to jeopardize his former patient\xe2\x80\x99s health just to get his way. Sometime later, Diane relapses and goes back to the hospital. After telling Diane that they have to run more tests on her, Martin sees Jimmy in the hallway, who is a little too happy that Diane is back. Disgusted, Martin tells Jimmy to mind his manners before seeing the doctors and nurses rushing to Mr. Sanchez's room. The staff finds him having another allergic reaction, and Martin learns that the patient is allergic to vancomycin and not penicillin. Later that day, Martin points out to Dr. Waylans that what happened to Mr. Sanchez could actually be Nurse Theresa's fault and not his. Dr. Waylans promises to look into it, and when he notes that Diane is back, Martin pretends to be nonchalant about it, saying he'll do some tests to make sure she's okay. At this point, it is evident that Martin has no problem lying. He must be confident that no evidence will be traced back to him, so he talks to Dr. Waylans about Diane's condition without even stuttering. Aside from that, Martin is a hypocrite too, for telling Jimmy to stop talking about Diane in a disrespectful way when he himself is obsessing over her. In the evening, Martin visits Diane in her room and finds out that she and Rich are over. He then promises the girl that she'll be better soon, but Diane shows reluctance to leave the hospital. Once again, Martin tampers with Diane's medication, and as he hurriedly leaves her room, he bumps into Nurse Maryanne. The nurse admits that she's just been fired for messing up Mr. Sanchez's admit sheet. Nurse Maryanne says Nurse Theresa doesn't know anything about it, and with nothing else to say, Martin goes to the bathroom. There, he disposes of everything he used on Diane's IV. After learning that Diane is running a fever the next day, Martin decides to replace her IV again. He goes to the medicine storage room, where he finds Jimmy hooking up with a patient. After telling them to leave, Martin proceeds to get Diane's medication, and for the third time, he tampers with it. Nurse Theresa shows up as Martin finishes replacing Diane's IV, but the nurse doesn't seem to suspect him of doing anything wrong. Before going home, Martin goes to the laboratory and replaces her resistance culture test. Martin is desperate to keep Diane close to him, and he is willing to take extreme measures to do it. He doesn't even take into consideration that he might be putting the girl's life in danger. Instead, he focuses on wanting to be with the girl who makes him feel good about himself. It's selfish of Martin to do this to Diane, because even if she likes him back, he has no right to play with her health as if it means nothing to him, a doctor. In the morning, Dr. Waylans and Martin discuss what they should do with Diane. After Martin informs Diane of her condition, the girl asks if he could operate on her just in case she needs an operation. However, Martin tells her he doesn't operate since he doesn't want to cut into people. Rich then calls Diane, but Diane won't answer her phone, so Martin tells her not to think about the boy too much. When Martin sees Rich in the hallway, he immediately closes the curtain in Diane's room and greets Rich. Martin tells him Diane can't take any visitors, and no matter how much Rich insists on seeing her, the doctor won't let him. Defeated, Rich asks Martin to give the balloon he's brought to Diane, and after taking it, Martin pops the balloon and throws it away. It's safe to say that Martin is jealous of Rich. Not only did he stop him from seeing Diane, but he also stops him from having a chance to patch things up with her. It's a little petty, and it drives the point home that Martin wants Diane all to himself, even at the cost of her own happiness. One night, Diane admits to sleeping with Rich before finishing her medication. She's worried that that's the reason why she's sick again, but Martin assures her that it's not. The girl is scared that she might die, and Martin just tells her that that\xe2\x80\x99s not going to happen. Without a thought, Diane says she's always thought of dying by getting shot while stopping a crime, and Martin can only look at her. She then asks him if he's ever thought of stuff like that, and Martin says when he was young, he used to think about going into the ocean and disappearing as if he never existed. In a sad voice, Diane tells him she loves the ocean, and once again, Martin can only nod at her. Martin probably doesn't expect that Diane will be sad at the hospital. He's so focused on making sure she doesn't leave that he's never given a thought about her feelings. Because of Martin, Diane's physical and emotional conditions are deteriorating, but he chooses to ignore them. Before Diane\xe2\x80\x99s operation, he assures her that everything is going to be fine. Once it\xe2\x80\x99s done, Martin makes sure that he's the first person Diane sees when she opens her eyes. Diane asks if he is married or has a girlfriend, but Martin doesn't really answer her question. When Diane mentions that she thought he liked Valerie, Martin shakes her this. Diane tells him that\xe2\x80\x99s good before falling back to sleep. Unable to control himself, Martin kisses the unconscious girl, and when he comes back to his senses, Martin looks around to check if anyone saw him. Eventually, Martin falls asleep. Later, a nurse wakes up Martin, and after realizing that Diane isn't in her room, Martin angrily asks Nurse Theresa where she is. Martin is worried after receiving a Code Four, and when he learns Diane has been taken for an MRI, he immediately makes his way there. By the time he arrived, he finds the doctors trying to revive Diane, but unfortunately, it's already too late for her. With tears in his eyes, Martin stares at Diane's lifeless body and realizes that he's gone too far. A sweet, young girl has lost her life because of a selfish doctor, who wanted nothing more than to be with her. If only Martin had thought of other ways to keep seeing Diane, her life wouldn't have been cut short. He can keep being sorry until he\xe2\x80\x99s blue in the face, but he only has himself to blame. With patients dying daily at the hospital, Martin has no other choice but to continue with his life. Later on, Mr. Nixon shows up at the hospital and accuses Martin of killing Diane. Nurse Theresa is quick to call Jimmy and the security guard to stop any fighting. When Dr. Waylans arrives, he assures the grieving father that they did everything they could to save his daughter. Martin remains speechless the whole time, and as Mr. Nixon leaves, Dr. Waylans apologizes to him for having to deal with that. It isn't surprising that Mr. Nixon has reacted the way he did. Diane was fine one day, and the next, she wasn't. Sadly, Mr. Nixon has no proof that Martin did commit a crime, so he can only hate the doctor from afar. Meanwhile, Martin must be secretly scared, for his reckless actions are starting to cause him trouble. One day, Jimmy asks Martin to meet him in the east tower basement. There, he shows Martin Diane's journal. Jimmy reveals that he\xe2\x80\x99s read through it, and he surmises that she and Martin must have had some sort of special relationship. He blackmails Martin into prescribing him certain medicine, or else he\xe2\x80\x99ll turn it over to his superiors. Threatened, Martin concedes to Jimmy and writes the prescription for him. However, Martin won't just let Jimmy bully him, so he painted a different kind of pill to make it look like the one Jimmy is asking for before giving it to him. Martin then asks for the journal, but Jimmy refuses to hand it over. Outsmarting Jimmy, Martin puts poison in Jimmy's pills. After the orderly takes one pill inside the hospital premises, Martin lures him into a storage room for fear that someone might see him dead. There, Jimmy starts coughing and realizes he's been poisoned, and Martin stops him when he tries to leave. As Jimmy starts having a seizure, Dr. Waylans arrive and tends to him. During the chaos, Martin manages to take Jimmy's locker keys. When he finally dies, Martin goes to the orderly's locker and steals Diane's journal. It speaks volumes about Martin when he would go straight to murdering someone for getting in his way. Of course, he\xe2\x80\x99d be averse to having his superiors investigating him in any way about Diane. Still, he could have bided his time and explored his options before even considering killing a person. Then again, Martin\xe2\x80\x99s an extreme guy who immediately goes through extreme measures. If he weren\xe2\x80\x99t, then Diane would still be alive. During an investigation, Detective Krauss asks Martin what happened, and he lies about trying to help Jimmy when he started having a seizure. Dr. Waylans believes Jimmy's death has something to do with substance abuse, which is obvious to him because of his erratic behavior. Dr. Waylans then gives Martin some time off, and Martin is glad to accept it. At home, Martin reads Diane's journal and learns that the girl had not once mentioned him there. It almost becomes questionable if she ever liked him in the first place, or if she just saw him as a wiser figure to look up to. The next day, Dr. Krauss unexpectedly drops by Martin's house and asks him questions about Jimmy. He tells Martin that the pills Jimmy took were spiked with potassium cyanide, but Martin acts clueless about it. The detective continues to question Martin about his relationship with Jimmy and if he knows where the orderly got the pills. All the while, Martin remains unaware that Diane's journal sits on the floor. As he answers the detective\xe2\x80\x99s questions, Martin seems a bit distracted and starts talking about Diane, saying they were close. He then adds that Jimmy used to make lewd comments about female patients, which is one of the main reasons why he never mingled with him. When Martin finally notices Diane's journal, he excuses himself from the room and takes the notebook with him to the bathroom. As a doctor, it was careless of Martin not to realize that potassium cyanide won't be traced in Jimmy's system. Then again, Martin isn\xe2\x80\x99t known for his carelessness. What he\xe2\x80\x99s good at, though, is using his smarts to get himself out of the trouble he caused, and this time, he uses Diane as a reason to be too distracted to answer the detective\xe2\x80\x99s questions. Martin tries flushing the torn papers from the diary in the toilet, but it only clogs and overflows. Panicking, Martin escapes through the bathroom window and climbs down a tree before heading to the beach just outside his house. There, Martin contemplates whether he should end his life, but he decides against it. Instead, he goes back to his apartment through his bathroom window and cleans the mess he made. Once he\xe2\x80\x99s done, he goes to tell Detective Krauss he's needed at the hospital. After some time, Martin goes back to his work at the hospital. There, he assures a little girl that he's getting better at drawing blood from a patient. Martin is a man of many extremes. He wanted the respect of people, so he went for being a doctor. He wanted to get closer to Diane, so he messed with her medication to trap her in the hospital. He wanted to get Jimmy off his back, he murdered him. When he saw Diane\xe2\x80\x99s journal, he flushed it down the toilet and contemplated ending his life. He hardly stops to consider less drastic measures, and this could be a symptom of his deeper insecurities or a belief that he has no one that he can count on. Perhaps Martin is just the way he is. Still, the fact that Martin is able to resume his work at the hospital as if he didn't just kill two people is unbelievable. It's frightening to think that doctors like him roam the hospitals, offering services to helpless patients. No matter how good he is at his job, Martin shouldn't forget that he took two innocent lives and that one day, he'll pay for them. 