welcome to the man of recaps. this is man in the high castle, season one. it's 1960's America, in the alternate universe where the Nazis won World War two, which, you know, sucks. Joe Blake is a young guy ready to join the resistance. they give him a mission to transport something important over to cannon city in the neutral zone. see, most of America is occupied by the Nazis, but the Japanese got to keep by California. and there's a small neutral zone in the middle. but the Nazis arrive, they shoot the place up, and Joe Blake makes it out of there just in time. over in Japanese San Francisco, everything's Asian, so it's not that different. meet Giuliana Krane. she's a nice young woman, taking Aikido classes, got a nice boyfriend, Frank, and a best friend, third wheel edy. her sister Trudy shows up. it's like, Trudy, where you been? it's like, hey, I got this cool new job. turns out that job, she's in the resistance, that she's like, they're on to me. take this and she runs off. and, oh no. she shot dead. Wow. out what did Trudy have? that was so important. it's just a film that shows the Allies winning the war. what? how is this possible? Frank's like, you know, I've heard about the man in the high castle. he makes these fake propaganda films. you gotta turn this over to the authorities. but Trudy had a bus ticket to the neutral zone. and Giuliana is like, no, I'm gonna finish my sisters mission. obviously, though, they're searching for the missing sister of the rebel they just shot. so sucks to be Frank. on the bus, Giuliana meets a nice woman who steals all her stuff. luckily, though, she had the film hidden. it's safe. and she makes it to the neutral zone. she goes to the diner where she's supposed to meet her contact, but nobody shows up. and she's like, hey, this is Hawk word, but I had my bag stolen. I can't pay for this. luckily, Joe Blake is there. he's like, I got you, baby girl. he buys her an orange soda. and these two bond very quickly, although they don't share that they're in the resistance yet. and turns out that Joe is undercover, working for the Nazis. Oh, big twist. episode 1. the guy Joe's reporting to is obergruppenfuehrer John Smith. there's that word for you. it's a mouthful, but it's kind of fun to say he's the head of the SS for all America. but John Smith, yeah, he's not a German overlord. he's American. after America lost the war, he committed fully to being a Nazi. he's raising his nice American Nazi family, but he's not afraid to torture people to death. the resistance tries to assassinate him, but he takes them out. open gruppenfuehrer John Smith is hard to parish. now, Giuliana finds a job opening at the diner. she talks to the owner, LEM Washington, who gives her the waitress gig. her resistance contact is supposed to meet her here at 12:05. and around that time, this nice old man who makes origami figures and reads the Bible, is like, hey, what's up? you should check out chapter twelve, verse five. uh-oh, I see. you're my contact. Joe checks him out because he's hunting the resistance. but turns out this guy's in undercover Nazi - so when Juliana gives him the film. he tries to kill her, and Joe comes to save her because she's hot. but Juliana doesn't need saving. she's a black belt in Aikido. Oh, the bridge out. meanwhile, Frank is hanging out with the Japanese secret police. the Kempeitai chief inspector, Takeshi Kito, is like, hey, tell us about Juliana. and we found out your grandfather was Jewish. and even though the Japanese don't really care, they're allowed to gas them for no reason, including Frank's sister and her kids. and Frank's like, no, I won't betray Juliana. so they're gonna shoot him, but just then they pick up the woman who stole Giuliana's bag, which was actually Trudy's bag. and she had a subversive film of her own, though it's not a man in the high castle one. so they don't kill Frank. it looks like Juliana is innocent. you're free to go. he's like, well, that's great. where's my sister? oh, it's a little too late for that. we already gassed her. oh, man. so if Frank wasn't a rebel before, he sure is now over in the neutral zone. it's the scientist from Pacific Rim dressed as a cowboy. he's like, a bar give me your papers. just like, what is the neutral zone? I don't need to give you my papers. it's like, yeah, actually, you do. they call him the marshal. he's a bounty hunter, hunting down people who have fled to the neutral zone, and likes to string them up for fun. he was supposed to meet the undercover Nazi they just killed, so before long, he's on to them. they have a shootout, but they knock him out for now. turns out diner owner LEM Washington is the resistance contact here. she Leon, it's like, hack, got the film. let's go to the man in the high castle. but he's like, no, that's not how it works, Missy. you give us the film. we go to the man in the high castle. also, your boyfriend, Joe's a Nazi spy. Joe's like, what? being no way would a Nazi spy have brought to you my film - and it's like, okay, we believe you for now. they fake a car accident to get the marshal off their tail. and Giuliana and Joe go their separate ways now, the Germans in the Japanese are ostensibly allies. but old man Hitler's getting pretty old, and everyone knows his successor is gonna want a war Japan. so the Japanese trade minister to go me. he meets with the Swedish diplomat, but turns out he's really a high-ranking Nazi, here in secret, because these two men are working together to ensure peace between their nations. the big problem is that the Nazis have atomic bombs, and Japan never figured it out. so Colonel Wagner is here. what's the microfilm that shows them how to make one, so that way they can have a nice Cold War? the crown prince of Japan has come San Francisco. during his speech, he's gonna slip the microfilm into the science ministers pocket. but meanwhile, Frank Frank works in a replica gun Factory, and today he made a real gun. he wants to assassinate the prince as revenge for his sister, but he can't make bullets. so he goes to see antique dealer Robert childen for a fat stack of cash. she's willing to sell him some for decoration only. so Frank's gonna go through with it, but he sees this little kid in the crowd, and he's like, ah, he's so cute. I can't shoot a guy in front of him. but boom, the crown prince is shot. anyway, what? Frank's didn't do it, but he looks extremely guilty, so he pieces out before anyone finds him. and the microfilm hand off is ruined. their patent, everyone down. so he's got to swallow it. right after this, Julianna comes home. she goes to the Kempeitai like, hey, sorry, you were looking for me. I was just on a camping trip, no resistance stuff. and the chief inspectors got too much on his plate right now to deal with her. so Giuliana immediately gets in touch with the resistance. they set her up with a job at trade minister to go Me's office, serving water and tea and stuff. she in the trade minister actually become friends, because they're both good people. but Giuliana finds that every phone in the country is tapped. and one of the guys running that is her stepdad. what he's like, yo, I'm a nice guy. I'm just, you know, trying to provide for my family. back in New York, Joe Blake makes his report, but he leaves Giuliana out of it because he's kind of got a crush on her. he goes to John Smith's house for a victory America Day. they go to the airport to pick up his mother-in-law, but instead they find Colonel Wagner, who turns out he and John Smith go way back. he managed to pass the microfilm after he passed the microfilm, and he made it to New York, but his flight to Berlin is laid so he comes over for the VA de bratwurst. but at the end of the night, oh, what's the setup? they knew he was doing something traitorous. sorry, old friend. and Jill Blake saw a conspicuous file labeled grasshopper, which is what all the high castle films have written on them. he decides to scope it out, but it's blank. uh-oh. it was a double setup. John Smith's whole party was just to catch traitors. he's like, okay, Joe, I know you're not a real traitor. you just met a hot resistance girl and fell in love, but you're gonna go to San Francisco, get a new film and then kill her, or you're dead, man. so Joe goes to San Francisco. Giuliana introduces him to the resistance, and they were gonna get a new film, but it was intercepted already by the Yakuza, who are ransoming it for like a hundred thousand yen. meanwhile, the Kempeitai are searching for the princess shooter. it's only a matter of time before they pin it on Frank. so he's like, hey, Jules, we got to get out of here. he doesn't have any money, though, so he goes to Robert childen with a plan. there forge Sitting Bull's necklace, which turns out Frank's really good at, and sell it to Japanese collectors for a buttload of money. so they're gonna flee to the neutral zone, but they have a goodbye dinner with their parents, where her stepdads like, hey, it's a good thing you're here tonight. the Kempeitai know all about our resistance. you cruise a deal for a film going on. so she rushes down there and warns Joe Blake just in time to escape before the Kempeitai bust in. but they're picked up by the Yakuza anyway, and Frank is left waiting at the bus stop. sucks to be frank. the Yakuza is gonna keep the film unless they buy it again. and the resistance only has enough money to ransom Giuliana. poor Joe has to stay put. so Giuliana goes to Frank. like, hey boyfriend, that money you made for our escape, I need it to ransom the hot guy that I have a lot of sexual tension with. he's like, yo, are you serious? but he's a nice guy, so he does it. on the way out, Joe sees that Frank brought his gun, so he grabs in, shoots up the Yakuza. he's like, I'm not leaving here without that film. and it's like, bro, you gotta let me know next time you're gonna do something like that. Joe gives them the film for safekeeping. they'll meet up later. and while they wait, they watch it. but this one's not happy. it shows a nuclear bomb destroying San Francisco and resistance members being executed, including Frank. and the shooter is Nazi Joe Blake. so Joe shows up like, hey, why are you looking at me like that? and it's like, you kill me, you Nazi bastard. Juliana's like, say it ain't so, Joe, but he doesn't say, it ain't so. and he takes the film. meanwhile, obergruppenfuehrer John Smith is having a bad day. his sons got a doctor's appointment. turns out he's got a slow progressing, incurable genetic disease. and in the Reich, people with incurable diseases are put down. since he's a family friend, the doctor is like, I won't report it yet. I'll let you do it yourself at home. to make a bad day worse, his boss from Berlin shows up, Ryan Hart Heydrich. and as far as Nazis go, he's one of the worst. John Smith thinks it's weird that his assistant knows exactly how Heydrich takes his coffee. so he puts it together that the assassination attempt on his life was Heydrich wanting him out of the way. he's like, I don't know, when your boss's boss tells you to kill your boss, you do it. it's like, yeah, not if you bosses me boom-boom, pushed off the roof. anyway, Heydrich is in town to take custody of Colonel Wagner. see, he's on the short list of people allowed to see Hitler. and Heydrich wants him to assassinate Hitler, or he's gonna murder his whole family. over in San Francisco, the Yakuza tell the Kempeitai that the real shooter was a German secret agent. he's ready to confess, but boom in the head. and it's like, look, we got to cover this up because they want us to provoke war, but we can't win a war right now. but saving the Empire comes at great personal cost, because without a suspect, he's got a seppuku. but just in time, there's a break in the case. and got caught disposing a Frank's gun. and to cover for his friend, he confesses to shooting the Prince. Frank runs down there, know it was me, but they've got a nice confession. so the case is closed. Heydrich takes John Smith on a mandatory hunting trip. he's like, hey, I'm doing a coup killing Hitler. are you with me, or are you dead? over in Austria, there's a coincidental high castle. Wagner is about to kill Hitler, but Hitler's like, yo, I know all about the plan, and if you kill me, they're gonna war Japan immediately. you want that so Wagner is like, ah, no booth and shoots himself. and Hitler calls Reinhardt, yo, I'm still alive. and John Smith grabs a gun and shoots him. he's like, sup man, Fuhrer. in San Francisco, they explained what happened to the resistance, and it's like, look, you got a Laura Jo back here. we're gonna take the film and kill him. so when Julianna shows up, she's like, I can't believe you're a Nazi. he's like, look, I'm not a Nazi. I'm just a dude who lives in New York. and if I don't bring this film back to them, they're gonna kill me. so Giuliana's like, hey, I'll help you escape. but she's really bringing him to the resistance to kill him. but then she feels bad. she's like, Joe, I believe in you. and she puts him on the boat to Mexico. oh, the resistance is pissed now. trade minister to go meas wife and son died in the war. leaves from the vine falling so slow. so he sits on a park bench like, man, this world sucks. so he starts to meditate. and when he opens his eyes, what he's in America. yeah. he meditated himself to an alternate reality. and that's how season 1 comes to an end. obergruppenf\xc3\xbchrer in a obergruppenfuhrer, obon group and buren. obergruppenfuehrer. I'm just gonna say, John Smith, 