welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. in this video we're breaking down the finale of the undoing. turns out all along that it was you. no, not you, hugh. sorry, jonathan. and if that's all you've come to find out, and congratulations, you don't have to hear me ramble on for 10 more minutes. however, there's also a lot to unpack and discuss about the ending, as well as the hidden meanings and metaphors that are laced throughout the entry. the undoing followed grace as she tried to unearth the truth about a murder plot that was centered around her husband, jonathan. after being accused of killing the woman he'd been having an affair with, grace slowly started to discover the truth about him. throughout the series, in this big whodunit mystery, the show has very much played with the idea of duality, and the notion that if someone has a good side, then they must in turn have an equal and opposite bad side, which we've discussed throughout most of our videos. jonathan has been portrayed as the best of us, a child cancer doctor that would do whatever was necessary for his family. but as discussed he is, in fact, a monster. now episode 6 picks up immediately after the reveal that the murder weapon was in henry's filing case. last week, henry admitted to covering for his father when it came to the affair with eleanor. and it seems like he did the same thing when it came to her death. the character discovered the murder weapon in an outdoor fireplace when they were at the beach house. but rather than tell his mother, he cleaned it and covered for his dear old dad. now grace has to grapple with what to do with this information. and for several weeks we've discussed how she's been blindsided by jonathan, unable to see him for what he really was. in the first episode, she held a therapy session in which she discussed how her patient could not truly comprehend her husband for the man that he was, and thus their relationship was in some way built on a lie. this was the same with grace, but as she was a therapist, she was able to see in others, and not herself. however, i think she can identify almost immediately and henry that, like her, he's blind to what jonathan is truly like. and this ability to diagnose the condition in others makes her realize that it exists within her and that she has to fight it. grace simply doesn't want her son to fall victim to jonathan's manipulation. and this almost a-ha like moment and ability to identify problems in others makes her recognize her own failings and act in her family's best interests. she says she wants what's best for henry and will do whatever is necessary to make sure that he gets it. now, the breaking point for me comes when jonathan tries to blame their son for the murder, rather than taking responsibility himself. this incredibly callous move was, of course, echoed in the death of his sister, in which he refused to take any responsibility for it, even though he caused it. he's used to throwing kids under the bus, literally, that's so bad. and he almost does the same thing with henry, who takes him back like grace has so many times before. i'm sorry about that under the bus thing. it's not not funny. no. jonathan takes the stand and comes across sincere, someone who cures cancer and just a genuinely nice british guy who who probably doesn't make jokes like that. now he calls alanis on his paints himself out as someone who could never do such a thing, and tries to excuse taking his tux to the dry cleaners, even though it's a pretty weird thing to do if you're in full panic mode. but the case could really go either way, and miguel being put on the stand starts to spell doom for fernando. however, grace knows who the real monster is, and thus she enacts a plan to put him away for life. she volunteers to be put on the stand herself, stating that she will help to exonerate the character. but instead, she reveals the truth about his family and his lack of remorse. typically, in american law, testifying like this could be dismissed, as a spouse cannot go against their partner on the stand. however, because the defense called her up, she was able to be cross-examined and reveal the truth. now behind the scenes, this happened because sylvia went to the prosecution in order to make a deal to throw jonathan under the bus. grace knew that she had to protect her son. or costs. and though henry wanted nothing more than to be a happy family again, we all know that it would have led to more issues down the line. this moment truly paints out jonathan as being the guilty party and means that the case can't be thrown out because it was the defense that called her up. well, sylvia did say that it was always the husband, but what this does is that it shows that grace has finally opened her eyes to what he is and is no longer blind to what's going on with the character. the truth shall set you free, and in some ways it does with us too. i think that the show has done an incredible job of keeping us guessing over who the real culprit is. and if you've been coming back to the breakdowns week after week, and you'll know that it was a long time before we settled on jonathan as the true killer. however, just as grace finally announces she knows what her husband is like, and franklin confirms it to henry, we ourselves learn what really happened after the night of the party. we see jonathan arriving at elena's art studio, which is where he brutally carried out the crime. the reason that jonathan snapped is because elena tried to build a friendship with grace and make everyone part of one big, happy family. now why this caused issues is because, as we've mentioned, there is this duality to the character, a dichotomy in which there is an evil side, which is the part that elena was with, and an opposite side, which is what we've seen with grace. it's a dr jekyll and mr hyde scenario. but as we know from that tale, the two never actually existed at the same time, and thus could not be brought together. this is reflected in jonathan, who cannot have the good and bad side of his personality brought to the forefront, because deep down, he knows that if the bat is revealed, then it would mean that he could never be perceived as good, because it would rock the boat so much. jonathan only really cares about his legacy and image, and he was willing to do anything in order to keep this up. his family, who knew the truth about him, caused the character to flee, because he was unable to handle people knowing the way that he really was. this is why he killed eleanor to try and hide who he was from all around him and continue living in this dream with grace in which the pair seemingly had the perfect life. jonathan says that this isn't a real him, but it is. and to me, the fake jonathan was the one we've seen masquerading as a loving husband and good father. in the end, similar to what happened when his sister died. jonathan tries to run once more, but this time he takes henry. initially, he promises that this will be a breakfast before switching the pretense to a road trip that henry had been longing to go on. now hugh acts the hell out of this scene. and watching him trying to play happy families, whilst henry looks terrified, allows the actor to slip a slight bit of insanity whilst he sits with a smirk on his face. the police close in. but jonathan wants to spend every single second he can living this lie, as he knows that when the truth's exposed, the good will be completely forgotten, and he will only be thought of as bad. he drives to the word street bridge, which, similar to him, was once held in high regard, but since then, it's fallen into disrepair. we hung around after the show and saw the little interviews that discussed the ending. then you'll know that the truck almost hitting them carries a lot of meaning with it. up until this moment, jonathan had not fully revealed how evil he was, and henry did still trust him to some extent. however, this truck almost cutting through them severs the ties of their relationship to the point of no return. jonathan goes to leap from the bridge, but henry rushes to him, showing that he still cares about the character. when jonathan sees his wife running towards him, in his mind, he believes that she's fallen for him once more, and that he can bring the pair back under his control as they are trying to stop him from ending it all. however, what grace is actually doing is going to henry. and henry goes to her rather than staying with his father, showing that he has made a conscious choice to step out from under his control. neither turn around to look at him, so he doesn't get a moment to change their minds. and with franklin, the pair leave completely cutting all ties with him. whilst he's arrested in the end, we know that jonathan didn't really love them. he loved that they loved him. and he has to watch as they leave, potentially to season two. now before we get into what happens in the book beyond this moment, i just want to remind you that we do videos like this each and every day. so if you're enjoying it so far, then please subscribe to the channel, otherwise i'll throw you under the bus. abso that's so bad. anyway, the book keeps the killer as jonathan. however, it does change a number of things in the source material. grace believed that, because of what had been brought to the forefront, that no one would want to use her as a therapist to fix their marriage. but she does find purpose in writing a book that delves into what happened with jonathan, so that more women can avoid the warning signs. grace actually goes and connects directly with jonathan's family. and here she meets his brother, mitchell, who adopts the baby that jonathan had with eleanor. disclaimer as well, eleanor, in the book, is called malaga. now, fernando refused to care for the kid because it wasn't his but jonathan's family wanted to take care of the girl in the hopes of writing some of the wrongs that jonathan caused, not only to their sibling, but also his family. grace also gets some vindication when the police come to tell her that they know she's a good person, and though her husband was a monster, they don't blame her for it. and that's pretty much where things go. and though the book dives far more into d hill than i did, hopefully those cliff notes give you a better idea of where things could be going should we get a second season. i definitely think they left things open-ended for that reason, but i'm not sure how much mystery they can throw away when we know that it was j-dog who did it. either way, i enjoyed the undoing and think that everyone really gave a great performance. the end was a bit weird for me, but that's probably because i'm still attached to the book, and i was hoping for a big twist, or rather, last minute reveal that subverted my expectations. however, i will say that in terms of its storytelling and what it was trying to accomplish, that they did a good job. and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the finale and the season as a whole. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up, and make sure you hang around for our breakdance of euphoria next week, which will cover the entire show. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of december, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also scrum chapters on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 