hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2012 film, The Dark Knight Rises, the third film in The Dark Knight series. so let's get started. the summary does rely in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see some summaries, please check out the links below. the film takes place eight years after the previous movie, with Gotham police eradicating organized crime. Bruce Wayne has become a recluse, broken by the death of Rachel, and has hung up the Batman mantle. a burglar, Selina Kyle, aka Catwoman, takes Bruce's fingerprints and kidnaps a congressman. Catwoman gives Bruce's fingerprints to Phillip Stryver, the assistant of Bruce's business rival, John Daggett. in return, Catwoman asks for her criminal record to be erased. Stryver double-crosses Selina, however, and tries to have her arrested. the police arrive, finding the congressman and strivers. men follow Catwoman into a sewer. a mercenary named Bane captures Commissioner Gordon, but Gordon escapes and is found by a patrol officer John Blake. Gordon promotes Blake to Detective, with Blake reporting directly to him. Bane, using Bruce's fingerprints, forges a transaction in bankrupt Bruce is torn by the things that are going on in Gotham, and in an effort to convince him to move on, Alfred resigns. Wayne Enterprises has become unprofitable after they discontinued their fusion reactor project. after Bruce discovered that the core could be weaponized, Bruce fears that Bane and his employer, Daggett, would get access to the reactor, so Bruce has Miranda Tate take over the company. Bruce, as Batman, is lured into a trap by Bane and Catwoman. Bane reveals to Batman that he plans to fulfill the plan of Rachele Ghul, the leader of the League of Shadows, the villain from the first film. Bane plans to destroy Gotham and cripples Batman, then places him in a foreign prison where Escape is nearly impossible. in the foreign prison, batman has told the story of racial ghouls child, who is born in the prison and is the only person to have ever escaped. that man believes that this child is bane back in Gotham, Bane is able to lead the police underground and traps them there. bane kills the mayor and forces a Russian nuclear physicist to convert the Wayne Enterprise reactor into a nuclear bomb. Bane uses the bomb to hold the city hostage and isolate it from the rest of the world. Bane reveals that dent was actually the murderer at the end of the Dark Knight film, and not Batman. and a large amount of prisoners are released from Blackgate, sending Gotham into a state of anarchy. the rich are dragged from their homes, put on trial, where dr. crane, aka scarecrow, is the judge, and they are all sentenced to death. after spending months recovering and training. batman escapes from prison. he enlists the help of Catwoman, detective Blake, the current Wayne Enterprise CEO, Miranda Tate, Commissioner Gordon and Lucius Fox, all to help him stop the detonation of the nuclear device. while the police and the criminals fight, Batman finds bein in overpowers him. Batman interrogate Spain for the bombs trigger, but Miranda Tate intervenes and stabs Batman. Miranda reveals herself to be Talia al Ghul Rachele ghouls daughter. Bane was her protector, and he helped her escape from prison. Talia attempts to use the remote detonator, but Gordon is able to block the signal. Talia leaves to find the bomb and detonate it manually. while Bane prepares to kill Batman, Catwoman intervenes and kills Bane. Batman and Catwoman pursue Talia, hoping to take the bomb back to restabilized in its reactor. Talia's truck crashes, and before she dies, she remotely destroys the reactor, giving them no way to stop the bombs destruction. Batman flies the bomb over the bay where the bomb is detonated. after the explosion, Batman is presumed dead and is honored as a hero. Wayne Manor is converted into an orphanage. and Alfred inherits Bruce's belongings. Gordon discovers that the bat signal has been repaired, and Alfred finds Bruce and Catwoman alive when he is visiting floor. the film ends with detective John Blake resigning from the police force inheriting the Batcave, presumably taking on the role of Robin. so that was the spoilers for The Dark Knight Rises. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 