welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna bring hell to us with the 1985 Italian Gore film, demons. let's get to it. we open in the subway as the city moves rhythmically to a tune that would be at home in any Ninja Turtles movie. here we find our main character, Cheryl, who nearly misses her stop, and then Terry's too long, soon finding herself alone in the subway tube. she has the sneaking suspicion that she's being pursued by some sort of New Age steampunk. but it turns out he's a friendly weirdo handing out free movie passes to a new theater downtown. excited for this turn of events, she runs off to show her bestie Kathy. desperately seeking Kathy's approval and jealousy, they arrive at the Metropole at dusk, where a small crowd has begun filtering in some of the less refined cinema aficionado play with the promotional display, and the mask takes first blood on rosemary. inside, these two helpful Chad's slide in next to the ladies, biding their time in the hope that the girls will soon be in need of comfort. the movie starts up, and the crowd is excited to see it prominently features dirt bikes, but disgusted to find it has learning in it. the characters venture deeper to the catacombs, eventually finding the tomb of Nostradamus, along with this mask, which scratches this character's face when he dons it. we find the movie as mimicking reality. as this young ho goes to address her weeping wound and finds it needs more than a DAB with a hanky, carmen goes to check on her friend and finds she's doing just fine, and then takes a detour to look for some ointment or disinfectant, but gets lost amid the heavy curtains. she ends it behind the screen with a leaky pustule on her neck. she tries to get help, and eventually leaps through the screen while the crowd checks on her. rosemary treats these young lovers to an elevation of their kink with a dual asphyxiation. as a crowd comes to the slow realization that the events of the movie are coming true in real life. now, Carmen confirms this by transitioning to demon and getting freaky. they all try to clear out, but not quite fast enough. as Carmen proceeds to goatse this man's throat. as a first wave crashes against the lobby doors, they find themselves stuck, crammed in like rats. after tearing the doors away in their panic, they're horrified to find out they've been walled in. somehow the crowd disperses, looking for the emergency exits, which are surely still functional. this straggler goes her own way. it ends up getting scalped by rosemary. the boys noticed the struggle and managed to shut her into the room with some effort. and now they moist his Hale. tawny further explains how the mask had scratched rose and determines what they ought to be doing is shutting down the evil inducing movie. when they bust in, there is no projectionist and no one has the expertise to handle the machines, so they get smashing. however, the now double blind man suggests the theater itself is what's causing this madness. they start to dispose of the corpses to avoid potential demon attacks, but then are promptly attacked by a demon, and that's the opposite of what they wanted. Tony whips out his Salette, oh and gets fashionably stabby, causing this demon to give poor innocent hannah a blood bath. we then take a moment to GMR away uptown, where these joy riders cruise the streets and enjoy some coke, which was intended as a pun, but then they actually start snorting cocaine through the straw. after a spill, they pulled over to clean up. stopping near the theater. inside, the survivors start to barricade themselves in the balcony section. Tony takes over as their leader, but only briefly, as his ham hock becomes demon fighter and he's sacrificed for the greater good. once they finish their work, they start pounding on the walls to attract outside attention, eventually managing to break through. on the other side, they find a chamber of some sort, but it doesn't appear to offer a way out, so the girls go nuts. but they eventually all settle in and sweat it out on the balcony. meanwhile, our punks find themselves being harassed by a couple of pigs. they take off running down a blind alley, searching for a way out, until fate shines favorably on them. welcoming them warmly. they enter the now quiet theater and take a look around. they find an intriguing door blocked by their favorite beverage. the boys continue on, but Nina finds herself enamored with her own reflection, and she suffers for her vanity. while the movie-going demons become active, the sounds of possible rescue drive the survivors into a frenzy, and they begin to dismantle the barricade. however, rather than salvation, they find demons playing peekaboo, and they get absolutely ravaged. this attack demonstrates the girls chose their potential mates well, because George and Ken deftly fend off the attackers. they then consider the possibility of escaping through a shaft, but are distracted from this when Cathy starts to change and then Menace them. Ken, having chosen Cathy as his future conquest, takes on the responsibility of pushing her wig back. she graciously accepts his damage and assumes the position. look at her back. yeah, obviously. if Ken gets slashed in the struggle and nobly removes himself from the equation, but Cheryl and George nobly pursue him, despite their complete inability to help. so George hits his boy with a quick shoulder rub and a mercy decapitation with a prop katana. George then mounts the dirt bike with his sward and rides to Cheryl's rescue like he's doll Lungren. and once again, they jam out, swatting at the evil beasts with his sward. when a helicopter crashes through the ceiling, they see an opportunity for escape. George grabs a grappling gun he knows his standard equipment in any helicopter, and they winch themselves through the hole. their escape is almost brought to an end by the reappearance of the metal man, but through the power of teamwork, they managed to press a piece of rebar through his dumb metal face. they emerged to a city in ruins, and are picked up by a merry band of survivalists on their way out of town. as they head off toward a new life together, hoping neither has an annoying habit the other hasn't found out about. yet, cheryl finds a head pustule turns into a demon and is unceremoniously dumped off the back like a pile of trash. and now his demons. a movie that seemed like it would start out slow, but then amped itself up in true gory Italian fashion. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 