Welcome back for another 5-minute movie recap. Today i'm going to give you an overview of the 2021 american zombie heist film called army of the dead. there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. A vehicle collides with a u.s military convoy going from area 51 on the highway outside of las vegas. before traveling into the city, the convoy's cargo, a zombie, escapes, killing and infecting numerous troops. they infect the majority of the city's inhabitants. the government quarantines the city after a military incursion fails, before the military launches a tactical nuclear assault on las vegas. casino owner bligh tanaka and his accomplice martin approached former mercenary scott ward about a mission to collect 200 million from his casino vault. ward accepts and enlists the help of his former comrades, maria cruz and van der rohe, as well as helicopter pilot marianne peters, german safecracker ludwig dieter, and chicano sniper mikey guzman. and his accomplice, chambers martin joins the group. in order to provide them with access to the casino. ward's estranged daughter, kate, who works at a quarantine camp, leads them to lily, a smuggler who also recruits burke cummings, an abusive camp security guard who is familiar with the city. kate refuses to join the squad against ward's protests, after learning that lily accompanied her friend gita into las vegas. lily wounded cummings and says that a gang of clever zombies known as alphas will grant safe passage in return for a sacrifice. after an encounter with a zombified tiger while entering las vegas, cummings is taken to the olympus casino by an alpha female known as the queen, where he is infected by the alpha leader, zeus. lily takes the squad to a facility where regular zombies are hibernating. ward uses light sticks to carve a passage through the undead. when chambers accuses martin of having ulterior motivations, he leads her away from the route, causing the zombies to awaken. Guzman fires the gasoline canister on her back. when she is encircled and bitten killing her and the surrounding zombie horde. ward and Kate switch on the electricity to Bly's casino, while peters prepares a helicopter on the roof, and dieter works on the vault. martin and lily wait outside to keep an eye on the queen, but they end up luring her out into the open. martin decapitates her and snatches her head from her body. zeus finds her body and brings her to the Olympus casino, revealing that she was carrying a zombie fetus. Zeus, enraged, sends the alphas to the casino. according to a news report, the administration has moved the nuclear strike ahead, giving the squad around 90 minutes. ward finds Kate has fled to seek Ferguetta. as Dieter accesses the vault, the alphas arrive and murder cruz just as ward and crews are going to look for her. martin locks the crew in the basement, stating that bly is only interested in the zombie head, which can be used by the government to build a zombie army and is worth more than the money in the vault. when he goes outside, he learns lily has taken the queen's head and is mauled to death by the tiger Van Der Rohe tries to battle Zeus, but he is quickly defeated. Dieter makes the ultimate sacrifice in order to bring Van Der Rohe into the vault securely. Ward, Lily and Guzman make it to the lobby where zombies approach and swarm Guzman, who detonates his explosives, killing the zombies and destroying the money he was carrying at the expense of his own life. on the roof. zeus confronts them as ward and peters flee. lily distracts him with the queen's skull. lily fatally impales zeus, who then drops the head over the roof, destroying it. ward is taken to the Olympus casino by peters in order to rescue Kate. Kate locates gita and kills the sick comings inside. ward inadvertently shoots peters, forcing the chopper to fly erratically as zeus pursues them. aboard peters aircraft, ward is overpowered by zeus, who bites him. zeus is distracted by the bomb flash as the nuclear destroys las vegas, and ward kills him. the chopper crashes as a result of the nuke shockwave, killing peters and Gita. Kate makes it out alive and meets ward, who offers her money to start a new life before becoming a zombie. as a rescue chopper approaches, kate murders him and falls down and sobs. van der rohe survives the explosion and escapes. with the remaining funds, he travels to utah and charters a private jet to mexico city. he finds that he has been bitten while on the journey. if you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. i hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos, have a great day ahead. 