those who are fans of the conjuring movies will know that they follow the real-life story of Eden Lorraine Warren where paranormal investigators and self-proclaimed demonologists. the upcoming conjuring 3 will once again feature the duo investigating another real-life case. this story unfolded in the small town of Brookfield, Connecticut, were a usually common, friendly boyfriend all of a sudden commits a violent murder. the story takes an unexpected turn when the Warrens enter the picture and reveal that they have met the man before, and they believe the devil made him do it. On February 16th, 1981, Arnie Johnson called in sick at his job so he could join his girlfriend, Debbie gratzel, at the kennels where she worked. his 13 year old sister Wanda and Debbie's nine-year-old cousin Mary, were already there to watch the grooming of a black French poodle. Alain bono, who was the manager of the kennels, decided he would treat the party to lunch and drinks at a local bar called the Magan munch. this seemingly generous act was the beginning of a disaster and the end of a life. what was meant to be a short lunch and wandering quickly turned into a spontaneous drunken gathering. after their lunch, the group returned to the kennels, where Allen continuously turn about the TV volume to Unbearable levels in order to avoid the noise. Debbie offered to take the girls out for pizza. however, while they were out, Debbie began to get a foreboding feeling that trouble was on the horizon. they hurried back to discover that Allen had definitely drunk one too many glasses of wine and had become very agitated and aggressive. he then ordered the group to his apartment upstairs, which they agreed to. and it was here in Ellen's apartment where things turned sour. the drunken boss began threatening or punching his fist into his palms. as his anger grew, Debbie became concerned for the kids of the group and wanted to avoid an altercation, so she told everyone to leave the building. on their way out, as Mary passed Allen, he latched on to a wrist and yanked her towards him. hearing the frightened voices of his girlfriend and her young cousin. Arnie commanded Allen to let them go. by the time Debbie had prized the girl away from Allen, it was already too late. Arnie and Allen broke into violence. Debbie tried to get between the two intoxicated men, while wanna try to pull her brother back. then Arnie began growling like an animal, and in a flash, took out his 5-inch pocket knife and plunge it into Allen's chest. he pulled the blade out and struck again, and again and again. that day, the small town of Brookfield, Connecticut had its very first reported homicide. people couldn't believe that Arnie Johnson could do such a horrific thing. but could it be that he was actually innocent? this seemingly open-and-shut case became extraordinary the day after the murder when Lorraine Warren and from the Brookfield police that Arnie was possessed when he committed the crime. soon after, a media storm broke out with the warrants defending Arnie. where the story becomes even more incredible is that this was not the first time the warrants had been involved with Arnie. and Debbie's family. several months before the killing, Debbie's family, the Glatt Souls, had noticed severe problems with their kid, David, Debbie's 11-year old brother. he had begun seeing a creepy, old man that nobody else could this entity would push, threatened and scream Latin words at him. when the boy started to receive unexplainable cuts, scratches and bruises, the gladsome family called for a catholic priest have blessed the house. but the strange occurrence is only worsened as David would start speaking in voices he hadn't before. with no other way to turn, they enlisted the help of the Warrens who witnessed firsthand the malevolent presence. david began to growl, hiss and even recite passages from the bible as well as Paradise Lost. as the once tried to exorcise the demon, David was seen to levitate, stopped breathing and convulsed violently while sleeping the words. became concerned that the demon was winning control of its vessel. so in October 1980, they called the Brookfield police to warn them that the situation was getting dangerous. selflessly, Arnie Johnson came face-to-face with David and screamed to the source of the evil inside of him, take me instead of him. as the story goes, the demon took him up on that offer. months later, owner johnson stabbed allen bono. his lawyer used the possession of David as a defense, with testimonies from the Warrens claiming that they have contacted the police months before the murder had even happened. though Arnie's lawyer argued in court that was undoubtedly a possession that caused his defendant to strike out at Allen. the judge ruled that an unproven, an unscientific reason cannot hold up in a court of law. after 15 hours of deliberation by the jury, he was found guilty and given 10 to 20 years in prison, on which is surprisingly, only served five. in 1983, Gerald brittle and Lorraine Warren published a book about the events called the devil in Connecticut. before release, the author got the book signed off by the family as being factually accurate to the real events that supposedly unfolded. some believe that the Warren's involvement, especially with David, was fabricated after Allen Bono's murder to take advantage of a money-making opportunity, with the gladsome family going along with it, to make a profit and save on you from going to jail. so what do you think? were the ones trying to profit from murder? or were they merely trying to tell the story that they were involved in? whatever the answer, when watching the conjuring three, maybe skip the drinks after as you don't know who or what might want to tag along. so hope you guys really enjoyed this. let me know if you liked it. and I hope that I get to see you guys in the next video. thanks for watching. 