welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spider-man. and whilst it seems like Marvel movies are aimed solely out of Western demographic, with heroes like Captain America taking center stage throughout the MCU, there's actually a lot that Disney do to make their movies marketable to the rest of the world. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down all of the changes that Disney made in the international releases to make sure that each country that the films were shown in had their own versions of scenes that catered to their interests. this has been ongoing for years, and these, my new details, are awesome little additions for fans of film trivia who want to know why the film's have such worldwide appeal. without the way, thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of all the MCU details that were changed to appeal to other countries. first up is Iron Man 3, which, upon its release in China, got a massive four minutes of added footage that pretty much contained a lot of product placement as well as two of the country's biggest stars. the new scenes are dotted throughout the movie. and one revolves around Iron Man's operation at the end of the film, in which he has the arc reactor taken out of his chest. and it features Bing Bing fan, who has seen briefly in the standard versions, as well as Suki Wang, who plays dr. Wu. the movie actually opens with the words flashing on screen, what does Iron Man rely on to revitalize his energy? before the message coolio duo pops up, which is a popular brand of milk in China. whoo. in some totally natural product placement, then appears on screen drinking the milk. Chinese electronic manufacturers are also seen throughout the film, and there's a scene in which happy Hogan cheers on Chinese schoolchildren alongside Iron Man. the movie becomes a pretty big advert to show some of the major products. and I'm kind of glad that the movie didn't turn into a big milk advert for other audiences. but whilst I am on the subject, actually, did you know that ghuli audio is an outstanding product that I used to revitalize my energy when making video card stock? now, next up is guardians of the galaxy. now, guardians of the galaxy seems like a pretty straightforward name for a team that's made up of a talking raccoon and a living tree. but I guess that the Taiwan branch of Disney thought that it didn't really sum up the group as best as occurred. so ever since its release in the country, the Guardians have instead been known as something that roughly translates the interplanetary, unusual attacking team, I guess. I guess this kind of makes more sense dessert, as suppose they are in the planetary, they are a bit unusual, and they are an attacking team. so, yeah, I really don't know, but hey, I guess the name stuck, because the film went on to be a huge success over there. and I'm gonna be referring to the Guardians as that from now on. so, yeah. and now on to Doctor Strange, whitewashing. another big change for Eastern audiences came with Doctor Strange and the whitewashing of the sorcerer supreme, who made a lot of headlines at the time with the original Tibetan monk being recast as tilda swinton. it turns out that this was carried out by Disney because they didn't want to offend China who don't actually recognize Tibet as an independent country. they also gender swap the character to its M god damn sjw's in it. this is political correctness gone mad. I tell you what's next, a female Thor anyway, Swinton actually went over very well, and it's safe to say that the casting choice has now been embraced by many, especially the Chinese market. and finally, we go to Captain America. in the scene in which Sam tells cap about missing out on Marvin Gaye's troubled man album, cap notes it down in his list of things to catch up on. and depending on what country you saw the film in, massively changed the list. the u.s. got things like Steve Jobs and the Berlin Wall, whereas France got their 98 World Cup win, Daft Punk, the fifth element and Louis defines. the UK got the World Cup final from 1966. yeah, I know it was pretty long ago, yeah, but we'll never forget. it's like the last good thing that we've done yet. so stick it in the book. on second thoughts, I don't really know why Captain America would care about that or France now. yeah, but hey, Marvel, need to make those sweet pounds and euros, somehow Disneyland Paris won't pay for itself. and that's our entire list. are there any other changes that you've heard of that should have made it? and do you agree that ghuli order is the best milk on the it, if not the galaxy? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the news that Tom Holland originally had a scene in venom, but Disney made Sony cut it, which will be linked at the end. I go over everything you need to know about it, as well as why it was cut. so make sure you check it out after this if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully i see you over there after this. i also just wanna let you know that we're giving away a free copy of john with three on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is i like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the MCU changes in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the bureau will be shipped out from them till they get to the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 