hey, what's up guys. the explanation bros here. today i'll explain a comedy fantasy film titled ted 2. spoilers incoming. the movie begins on a bright boston afternoon. ted, the talking teddy bear, is about to marry his girlfriend, the ever seductive tammy linton. this proves two things, happy endings can come true for anyone, and america doesn't give a damn about anything, do you? tammy lin, take this teddy bear to be your lawfully wedded husband, says the officiating priest. the priest appears to be the man who plays flash gordon. says, childhood hero. i do others. tamil, in her boston accent, flash gordon and asks ted the same question, every right, i do. ted responded. flash gordon his flashy cassock declares the pair, husband and wife. you may now kiss the bear, says flash. tammy lynn kisses ted, and the audience cheers for the newlywed. can't do a boss on accent. guys. on the reception, the guest applauds as the newlywed makes their entrance. teddy, this is the best day of my life. i just love you so much. tammy says to ted, i love you too, baby. i'm gonna go 50 shades of bear on you tonight. response, ted, ted notices his best friend john, sitting alone, despite the cheerful ambiance. hey, buddy, you okay there? you look a little down. you still shaking off that hangover from the bachelor party, as ted then a cutscene from the bachelor house party, where ted john and a few friends drinking while watching grizzly bears having intercourse. the male grizzly bear humping the sheep bear in doggy style, or what should i say, bear style? john talks to ted in a short while, while flash gordon approaches ted and john at the table. hey, big day, yeah, bud. you guys want to sell it with a says flash. then signal said, and john to do cocaine dead decline, since tammy lynn might get mad if he does drugs on their wedding day. flashlight shares that he just did drugs with a guy and bets ted and john that they wouldn't spot who that guy is. the best of friends. tries to look at the gas and spots a guy doing jumping ropes in the middle of the room. punches a guy and dives at the glass door. one year later, ted and tammy lynn argue like any other couple. ted then goes to a bar to meet jon. they talk and wash their problems away with an ice cold beer. the bartender then flirts with jon and invites him to a thing after hours. john declines. ted encourages john, you gotta get back in the game, man. ted was right. it's been a year and half since he got laid. in the next scene, ted's working at the supermarket as a cashier. a man then puts a cereal to buy. the customer, played by liam nelson, seems cautious in purchasing a cereal, like he's buying drugs. ted was confused by the interaction. will i be followed? asks the customer. no, that's not in our budget here. ted responds awkwardly. as the customer hands out cash, he says, hey, i won't forget what you've done here for me today said, then responds with a straight face, i would prefer if you do. the man then inserts a cereal box into his jacket slowly and leaves. a colleague then asks ted about his marriage, and ted states, the current situation. how do you fix a broken marriage. ted asks, well, i'll tell you one way, you guys have a baby. joe responds. joe explains that a baby not only keeps the marriage together, but also makes the marriage happy. she then points at a white couple with a baby as an example. non soon after, ted confronts and apologizes to his wife. ted tells tammy lin that he wants to have a baby. tammy lynn clearly wants the same. i think if we got a kid to love, it would teach us to love each other. ted explains. tammy lynn loves the idea of having a baby and forgives ted. she's wearing high heels, proceeds to hug and kiss her [ __ ]. teddy bear for husband. later on, ted smokes pot with jon as they watch law and order. ted then tells john the big news that he and his wife are planning to have a baby. jon happily congratulates ted, but then asks how they're going to do it, since ted is a teddy bear and he doesn't have the exact tools. ted tells john that he needs a sperm donor, and thought of sam jones, aka flash gordon, savior of the universe. ted tries to contact flash via email, but he can't get a signal, so he asks john if he can use his laptop. ted saw jon's bizarre raided x collection. they both agree that jon needs to get laid. they then proceed to destroy jon's laptop with a hammer and crowbar. the next day, chad and jon visit sam jones, and he declines to be the sperm donor. disappointed, john and ted plan on jerking off sam jones and run away with his sperm. after failing to get sperms of the all-american quarterback tom brady, the pair agrees to have john donate instead. thunder bodies for life. remember, ask john, thunder buddies for life. ted responds. meanwhile, a police dispatcher asks the unit in the area to respond to a 317. once a 317 asks the rookie to a senior buddy. somebody's trying to steal tom brady's jizz. again, the senior police respond. at the boston fertility group, the two best friends wait for their turn. jon is called by a good looking nurse. john proceeds to a room to donate his specimen. meanwhile, ted asks the receptionist where the non-jerk-off bathroom is. as ted explores the center, he is invited by a doctor to the sperm storage. not too long, john walks in and teases ted by showing him the species man. ted backs often picks up a sample. i'll trade you catch said others as he throws another donor sample to jon, the sample fails and scatters all over the floor. f dude, that's somebody's kid. they tried to scoop up the glue on the floor as john dixon's sample, he stubbles in a cabinet full of samples, and it goes down on him. john is drenching samples. he spits the glue like specimen as he curses, ted takes the opportunity to take a photo. hashtag ted says, as he posts a photo on facebook. said, and tammy lin are informed that tami lin is no longer fertile due to her excessive drug use at the hospital. later that day, they tried to adopt a child, but were declined. aside from tamilin's drug conviction, because ted is technically classified as property, not a person, a series of issues hit ted. his cards were declined. he got fired from his job. his marriage was annulled. and worst of all, he is no longer papa gino's rewards member. the following day, ted and jon decide to fight the injustice and goes to a law firm. due to their financial situation, they were offered to work with a fresh graduate. they agreed. there, they meet samantha jackson, played by amanda seyfried. they are skeptical of samantha's capability as a lawyer, since she's obviously young and has zero experience. the stakes were high, and they were suing the government. all doubts were erased as she grabbed a bong under her desk and took one toke. i'm sorry. you don't mind the pot, do you? i get migraines, samantha says, as pot smokers, jon and ted are fine with it. i'm gonna get a huge migraine in the parking lot in 20 minutes. ted responds for a few segments, the trio bonds and prepares for the case. meanwhile, at the hasbro headquarters, when donnie works as a janitor, he meet with tom's ceo. donny proposes taking ted, using legal matters and cutting him open. so they know how ted has created and created millions of ted for other children. this would double their profit overnight. we just have to make sure that ted loses the case and get the best lawyers in the world. donnie explains the proposal, piques tom's interest. afterwards, at the court, the defense strategy is that things our pets do not get the same rights as humans, while samantha's strategy used the history of black americans during the slave trade as an example of human rights. they continue with the court proceedings. it's ted stern at the podium and questions, ted, do you love your wife? samantha asks, i love my wife. i don't care what everyone says. ted replies. samantha then convinces a jury that ted is capable of healing and has his own conscience. later on, the jury has reached the verdict in the case of ted versus the commonwealth massachusetts. we the jury find the commonwealth and that ted is not a person. said closes his eyes as he realizes the situation. donny, at the back, disguise himself, smirks. clearly he's pleased with the verdict. samantha, tammy lin, jon and ted brainstorm on their next move samantha then gets an idea and calls patrick megan, a lawyer experience in human rights cases. she thinks she might be able to overturn the case. patrick agrees to take the case for free. trio, ted, john and samantha then travels to new york on the road. ted drives the car into a barn in the middle of nowhere. the gang discovers heaven on earth. like any pothead, that means a marijuana farm. the trio then creates a bonfire and takes turns and hitting a penis-shaped bong. ted discovers a cowboy hat, a rifle and a guitar. samantha grabs a guitar and plays a song. for some random reason, animals show up and listen to her sing. jon, mesmerized by her singing, leans to kiss her. they kiss. ted, on the other hand, smiles in success. in the morning, the gang arrives at patrick megan's office in new york. patrick, played by morgan freeman, declines to represent ted in overturning the case. patrick explains that to be human is to contribute to society. ted has multiple arrests, drug cases and other shenanigans. it's a hard case to represent. and if patrick is to represent ted, it would just be fighting a lost cause. patrick compares ted to the delinquent justin bieber. this may the tree assaults in a busy new york street. ted is frustrated and argues with jon. he walks out. for some reason. ted walks into comic-con, and donny stalks nearby. thousands of people attend comic-con. donnie now disguises raphael from teenage mutant ninja turtles, approaches ted. he asks to take a picture with him, and leads into an empty hallway. donny takes off his mask. ted is scared at what he sees. it's so good to see you, ted, donny says with a straight face. donny slowly walks towards ted. as he backs up. go to hell, ted says, as he runs for his dear life. ted runs back to the comic-con venue, steals a stranger's phone and calls jon. he informs jon that donny is present, and tries to kidnap him. meanwhile, donnie spots ted and runs after him. ted hides in the midst of a row of teddy bears. donnie can identify tad and grabs him and beats him. finally, john arrives at comic-con and looks for ted. he spots guy and asks him where ted is. guy then points where he saw ted. donny straps ted into a table using duct tape. the hasbro ceo watching in anticipation. ted wakes up and curses at donny for kidnapping him. kidnapping only applause to people. donnie replies. at the same time, while looking for ted, john stumbles to sam jones, hey bennett, you messed up my car. what the hell is wrong with you? sam shouts a fight between sam jones and jon. donny, on the other hand, tries to cut ted open using a knife. outside. the fight between jon and sam jones escalated into a brawl. amidst the chaos, jon and samantha were able to find ted. jon punches donnie aside as the hass brosie eo leaves. the movie ends with donny cutting a rope that slams a prominent figure of the uss enterprise to jon. ted was able to identify donny and had him arrested. jon ends up in hospital. jon pranks the whole squad into thinking he is dead. the film ends when the whole comic-con incident was filmed and broadcasted in all major media outlets. and patrick megan changes his mind and decides to help ted's case. patrick convinces the jury that ted is human, and they win. i'm so sorry i butchered the voices anyway. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 