hello movie lovers. i'm john from fast films, and today we're going to discuss a 2016 american horror anthology film called holidays. this film consists of subversive short horror films, each inspired by a different holiday. at the beginning of the movie, a girl called maxine is seen carving the word coach inside a heart on a desk in the girl's locker room. next she's shown on top of a diving board. coach rockwell urges her to jump, but she's not able to gather up her courage. heidi and her gang start taunting her, and a moment later, heidi appears behind her and pushes her. max nearly drowns, but is rescued by her crush, coach rockwell. as max is looking at the coach in awe, heidi remarks, max wants a kiss. the others burst into laughter, and the coach leaves. next we're taken to the locker room. heidi tells her gang that the coach didn't even give her detention. since she's arranging a fundraiser for him. the coach is seen in his office stressing over his heart problems, due to which he needs a heart transplant. heidi starts bullying max, saying the coach will never choose her over heidi. she also mocks her for not being able to do anything for rockwell's ailment. rockwell overhears the girl's conversation in the locker room and starts feeling sorry for max. to console her, he leaves a valentine's letter in her locker. maxine finds it and becomes euphoric. after school, she starts stalking heidi. heidi takes a route through the woods to avoid her, but max follows her. in there, an alarmed heidi falls into a mud pit. in haste, max approaches her and hits her in the face with a brick. she then pins her down and kills her with a box cutter. later that night, rockwell is preparing to go to the fundraising event with his wife when he hears the doorbell. upon answering the door, he is horrified by the appearance of maxine holding heidis ripped out hard as a valentine's gift for him. a wishing card opens after this with the words happy valentine's day written on it. the word happy slowly fades away. the next segment starts as school teacher elizabeth cullen is showing her students a documentary film about saint patrick's day and the legend of how he read ireland of snakes back in his time. she notices a new unhappy student called grania, and tries to cheer her up, but the girl seems to be avoiding her. after one class, grania leaves a dried grass snake and a note reading, only your deepest wish can make me smile on her desk as a saint patrick's card project. after a saint patrick's day night of drinking, elizabeth awakens in her car with a snakeskin laying around her. later, she encounters grania in a supermarket, in which grania approaches her and embraces her belly with an uncomfortable amount of love. elizabeth starts suspecting that something is wrong with her body. she goes for a medical checkup and discovers that she is pregnant. the realization makes her extremely happy. however, the doctor tells her that the baby will not be a human, but a reptile, most probably a snake, that needs to be removed soon. while checking her students book reports later, elizabeth reads granny's report and sees a drawing of herself giving birth to a snake. she panics and asks grania what it is, and almost immediately vomits black sludge. all the students start screaming. grana, however, starts clapping and smiling. enraged, elizabeth goes to her and tells her to stop smiling. when she doesn't, elizabeth slaps her across the face. but grania continues to smile. over the course of the following year, as elizabeth's belly continues to grow, her behavior becomes different with it. her family begs her to listen to reason and abort the birth of the strange creature growing inside her, but she refuses to do so. during the later weeks of her pregnancy, elizabeth wears medieval style clothing as it is the only thing she can fit in given the state of her body. nearly 400 days after her snake baby was conceived, elizabeth lies in her bathtub and places a mouse on her belly, hoping to lure the snake out of her womb. her belly thrashes about as the snake tries to find a way out to eat the mouse. the whole process renders elizabeth unconscious when she awakens, she sees grania dressed in peculiar clothing, who then leads her away to a mysterious man, presumably granny's father, who elizabeth had sex with on saint patrick's day and is also the snake's father. the man assumes that elizabeth will be horrified for giving birth to a snake, but she happily embraces her role as its mother, calling the snake her beautiful baby, and joins the cult. later, a new teacher at the school, a nun, gets the same message from grana, a wishing card saying, happy saint patrick's day. opens after this segment and the happy fades away. next, a woman is seen tucking her daughter into bed at night. she tells her that the easter bunny will visit that night, and the following day will be very exciting. she further tells her that when the bunny visits, children are usually asleep. the girl becomes frightened and asks her mother, what if she's awake? the mother tells her it won't be a problem even if she's up. she attempts to calm her down and tries to explain the holiday mascot's connection to jesus, before managing to tuck her in. later at night, the girl gets up to get a drink of water. she senses some movement behind her and goes to explore. upon reaching her living room, she is horrified to discover a terrifying easter bunny-like creature with holes in his hands from which chicks are coming out. she immediately turns and rushes to her room, but the creature appears in front of her. the girl tries to convince herself that it's a dream, but the bunny makes her touch him, thus confirming that he's in fact real. the bunny explains that no one has ever seen him, now that she has, she must take his place. the girl says she doesn't want her but is told she has no choice. he further informs her that she will never see her mother again, but will see wonderful, magical things. he then makes her close her eyes and feeds her an egg that transforms her into another bunny creature. the mother later awakens to find her daughter missing. she is heard calling for her daughter as the back door locks itself. a happy easter is wished after this, and the happy fades away. kate is seen at her doctors worried over the fact that she's yet again pregnant. she tells the doctor that she's doing everything to avoid conception, including taking oral pills and making her boyfriend wear two condoms at a time, but nothing works. the doctor tells her that if she's telling the truth, the case might not be in their control. she advises her to visit her sister, who volunteers at some fertility ceremonies. taking the advice, kate goes to a far away place and meets other women who are trying to get pregnant. when she reveals her condition to another woman, she immediately gets up and leaves her side. later, kate attends a ritualistic ceremony out in the middle of the desert. during the ritual, an old woman comes towards her and tells her she's a gateway. kate is unsettled by this and attempts to leave, but is held back. later that night, she's forced into an orgy with the other women in a muscular man. kate becomes catatonic after this, but is groomed and cared for by the other women, who are revealed to be barren witches that need her to become pregnant, they cut her off from contacting the outside. her doctor, who recommended the place to her, also turns out to be a part of the coven. while kate is left outside unattended, she manages to flee, but suddenly goes into labor. the women surround her to aid in her birth, but they all scream in terror when a bloody, full-sized arm comes out of her. a happy mother's day is wished. after this, the card opens and the happy fades away. carol, a young woman, comes home from teaching when she receives a mysterious package from her father, whom she has not seen since she was a child. the package contains an old cassette deck player with earphones. she plays the tape, which is from her father telling her how he loves her, and instructing her to go to the place they played at when she was a child so they can be reunited. carol is broken by the discovery, since she thought her father had died, and leaves a voicemail for her mom, stating how angry she is because her mother lied to her about her father's death. kate follows her father's voice, guiding her to the place. while walking to the place, she realizes that the tape was recorded when she was with her father as a child. since her voice can also be heard in the tape, with her fathers, she reminisces her memories with her father on that day. the tape eventually leads her to an old, abandoned building with a mysterious door, which she remembers entering with her father, where he asked the woman on the reception to take care of her before leaving her. in the tape, her father apologizes to her younger self for leaving her, but says he has to because he only has one chance to meet him. the scene cuts back to the car, where carol's phone is ringing as her mother is trying to contact her in an odd room, carol comes across a figure sitting in a chair. the tape has her father state that he's glad she came by her own free will. upon calling out to her father several times, while crossing a circle of salt to the house, carol is eventually frightened by a dark, mysterious humanoid that roars back at her. the tape recorder and headphones fall to the ground, and carol subsequently disappears as the end of the tape, continues saying together in her father's voice. the segment ends with a wish of happy father's day, where the part saying happy slowly fades away. a man called ian, who hosts an internet sex service, is seen making a call to a girl who's interested to work. we're then introduced to ian's employees, holly brie and serena, who are frequently abused by their employer. as the girls sit around serena, who's just been cyber bullied, trying to console her ian enters and asks why they're not working. they tell him all clients are celebrating halloween and they have a right to celebrate it as well. ian, however, denies the girls wishes to celebrate halloween and calls them derogatory names. the girls fight back by telling him that it's a mistake to mess with three women as it forms a coven. unintimidated, ian attempts to rape serena, telling her to show him her vagina. but the girls knock him out. ian wakes up in his underwear with a car battery connected vibrator super glued up his anus. in front of him, a laptop is placed with a chat and a camera open that is live streaming him to the girls. the girls send messages to him through the laptop, making demands, which, if he doesn't fulfill, he'll be subjected to the vibrator. the girls then ask him to show them his vagina. a confused ian removes the last piece of clothing that remains on him, but the girls stress they want to see a vagina. the girls then slide a knife under the door and tell him to make it hollow. after he does so, the girls turn up the battery's power to its maximum limit out of curiosity and presumably kill him. the girls then answer the door to see a girl named nancy, who ian had called earlier about the job. the girls explained that they are under new management and that ian is no longer with the company due to cutbacks. the segment ends with a wish of happy halloween, but the happy part soon fades away. pete gunderson is late trying to buy virtual glasses called uvu for his son. as he enters the shop, a man before him buys the last remaining stock. despite pete calling about it earlier. pete begs the man to give him the glasses for double the amount. but the man refuses. as a dejected pete is walking back, he sees the man down on the floor. it is revealed that the man has had a heart attack and is unable to reach his pills. at first, pete starts to call for help, but after being reminded about his wife's demand to get the glasses, pete instead steals the glasses and rushes home. at home, his wife complains about not receiving a christmas bonus she was promised on christmas day. pete's son, bobby, is overjoyed to see his present. he explains that the glasses recreate your thoughts and ideas into a virtual game. on the urging of his son, pete tries them on and sees a stripper. he asks if everyone sees the same thing, but is told that the visual is different for everyone since it's always tailored to their thoughts and interests. later that night, pete sneaks out of bed to try the glasses on again. at first he sees himself receiving a [ __ ] from a prostitute. but after some static the visual suddenly switched to pete stealing the glasses, seen from the dying man's point of view. it then cuts back to the hospital where the doctors are towering over the body, saying how the man could have been saved had he received help a bit earlier. pete tries to call the uvu company and asks more about the glasses. but when the employee says he'll see the visuals shown to him to better understand the problem he's having, pete tells him not to worry and immediately hangs up. later, pete's wife, sarah, reveals that she saw the saved footage since he forgot to log out. pete admits that he did it because the man had what he wanted and because he was tired of being nice. to his surprise, sarah is turned on by this, and the two have sex. later, pete looks through the glasses again, where he's shown sarah's deeds since she forgot to log out. he discovers that sarah had tortured and killed her employer after he passed her over for a bonus. shocked, he reads the glasses tagline uvu shows you you the segment ends with a merry christmas wish. but the merry fades away after murdering his date. reggie picks up another girl through a dating site named jean. he goes to meet with her for new year's eve. their date is awkward, especially because of reggie's weirdness. but gene, feeling sorry for him and not wanting to spend new years alone, invites him to her apartment. after watching the telly for a while at jeans, jean takes reggie's jacket off and starts trying to get intimate with him. reggie stops her and asks to use the bathroom while he's preparing to use chloroform on her. there, he checks the medicine cabinets and discovers that gene keeps severed limbs and organs in jars. he thinks about calling for help, but his phone was left outside in his jacket. suddenly, gene rushes in with a fire axe and attacks reggie. reggie falls into a bathtub where he discovers a man's corpse. reggie attempts to make it to the living room and has his foot severed by jean's axe. after making it to his jacket, he pulls out a revolver, but learns that he forgot to load it. taking the chance, gene swings the axe at him. splitting his head open and killing him on spot. as the new year rings in, gene dances with her axe. a happy new year is wished after this, but the part saying happy fades away. thank you so much for watching. 