sam gardner, your timing is terrible telling me that you love me right before we both go off to college. except what we can get back together. all right, i'm not. i read a statistic that four out of five students with autism don't graduate college. look back at what we did, right? four to five. four to five. four days. you cannot let me screw up nursing school. evan, hey, no more appendix. it's all gone. five, four out of five. you want to have sex a big talk, because i don't. i don't know what to say. i didn't light a candle in there. i was smoking a cigarette. i i don't know what's going on with you. no, you haven't been yourself lately. no, and i don't want to do something to mess it up. no matter what, even if you eat a live sheep, i'm always gonna love you. i'm sorry. i got stuck thinking about the four out of five, and then i got stuck thinking about sex. since i just forget that you have challenges that i don't even think of. sam, i know you're gonna be the one out of five, cause you're my one in a million. i mean, you said you want me to be more open like you don't just sleep with someone out of the blue. i think it was that little lie that made every other why just a tiny bit easier. who's that? oh, chuck, walking in late on the first day. some of you are not gonna make it. let's all take guesses on who. wow. um. megan came with some good news. we we got invited to a first responder conference in new york to talk about our trainings. almost every year, ucla recruits a student from clinton on a track scholarship. two years ago, they took three kids. i think i might want to go to ucla. maybe you could come too, on your own. why don't you think about dropping a class or something? i dropped a class my first semester. why are you pushing this on me? i just don't want you to be figuring it out forever. oh, come come on. i didn't know. maybe this is what i am. okay, i'm sorry. if that's not good enough for you, i'd like to apply for services. please meet one of our student volunteers. she's gonna show you around. you can call me sid. so you guys just come here whenever you need help. yeah, that's what it's here for. cool. if i don't want, you know, some fancy job in some fancy town. yes, hey, you stole my 9b pencil. no, i didn't. and then i told you i was putting it back in the soft case because that graphite does better in a soft container. i don't remember any of that. i'm abby. me and my roommates are having a party tomorrow night. well, we're calling it an art jam elsa stop by my place. she said it was to drop off my jacket, but i don't know. ah, hey there, bethy. daddy. happy graduation, just like being in hawaii, right? um, we're doing this big clothing drive, and you have, you said, dewey could go any day. that is, there's never really anything wrong with doing what's there. come on. can a dad just want to see his kids? yeah, i need your signature on some papers. when you were little, your grandmother started a college savings account for you. i just figured, since you're not using it, you are an [ __ ]. it is shocking you have kids. this great. yes. you know, you lost the right to say [ __ ] the moment you walked out the door and didn't come back or call for what? 18 months? oh, my god, i am so sorry. it's the first time i've been yelled at my dad, like, 10 years. i love you so much. i feel so empowered. i told my dad to eat sugar, and then i dog nap dewey. miley cyrus, huh? you know it. i'm zaid. gretchen tammy, i'm in love. she said i could write a paper instead, so i did that, and i handed it in. evan didn't show up for the ride-along. that's weird. yeah. and we were ready. you stood up for dad. you never told me what happened with my dad. you'd be upset if i were him, too. i thought you two were a couple. maybe i should go. yeah, you probably should. no, i suck at tests. hate tests. i'm, i'm, i'm dyslexic. i dropped out of bowdoin to vote, and my expectations were sky high that that would be me canoeing in the bay of fundy with my new bestie. but it wasn't just, they just got each other, but nobody got me. five weeks later, i'd racked up six thousand dollars worth of credit card debt. college is hard. i apologize. i uh, i i messed up with the ride-along and are you free thursday? who's evan? he's our co-worker. um, my mom. she disappeared like she sometimes says, and caused a bunch of chaos, like she always does. when i pointed it out, he ran the appropriate tests, and turns out she had a parasite. no training. relief says, i saved her life. you are a hero. sam gardner, thank you for letting me stay here. yeah, of course. and i i am so sorry for how i acted at that dinner party, because i was jealous. boy, you know. so to me, that's the essence of a penguin. it stays. you could say i'm like a penguin, and denton is my antarctica. sam, permission to hug you. permission granted. we're missing a turquoise fitbit. for reals, gretchen has a turquoise fitbit. god, i think you should probably talk to zaheed first. it was gretchen. the only thing she's ever stolen is my heart. no, well, the employee handbook says that if we see someone steal, we have to report it to bob, please. sam, do this for me. so zaheed is a friend, my best friend. no, i'm saying friends come and go just i i found those fleetwood mac tickets in the sun room. yeah, i'm going with people from peer group, like stumpy. you have a parasite, and that parasite's name is gretchen. gretchen is not a parasite. she's a princess. she's a dope. lovely in every possible way. bros, before hoes, notebook 30, page 19. never let a chica change you. stumpy was mean to her friends too. hello, bob. there's an incident i need to report. zaheed's terrible girlfriend, gretchen, stole a turquoise fitbit, but you knew she shoplifted, and you didn't tell me. she's going on the wall of shame. and you are on very thin ice. you and me are done. we're not friends anymore. i can't do this. i want us to separate. i just think it's the best option. well, even if you don't feel the same, you can at least be there for me as a friend. incredibly clear that you don't feel the same. how long are we going to be unhomemade? forever? a separation? yeah, i can't yet. so you can make your list and pack all your boxes, and i'm going to try to figure that out. he switched his shifts so you two don't overlap. but doug, that marriage was a good choice. [Music], you're a unique kid, but i didn't help you. is everything okay with you? well, to be honest, sam, no, i'm at a restaurant with a ball pit and a life-size singing strip of bacon. you're as beautiful as you always were. good for youtube. well. [Music], did you do something? i kissed someone. i think that i might have feelings. who is he? do do you love her? i don't know. well, figure it out. casey, i'm off on telling the kids. i know this wasn't all your fault. thank you, and maybe it was the right thing to do, but i just can't get them out of my head. everything reminds me of them. it sucks. [Music], i am not having this conversation with you. ever be a problem with you? what? no, why you'd be like, did you tell sam about us? what would be the big deal? cause i don't feel like broadcasting my personal business to the world. what's wrong? whoa. poor you. i'm so confused, because i miss evan so much, but when i'm with izzy, it's so exciting, and kissing her was amazing. i don't want to be my friend anymore, and i don't care. so here's your stupid shirt back on. i used to be at the top of your priority list, and then we had the kids, and, you know, it went down a little bit. it happened. what i always thought that, oh, when they didn't need you as much, i would go back if this is gonna happen. i i just wanted us to be, you know, thoughtful about it, and for it to be something that we really [Music]. [Applause]. also, by eloping with gretchen. what? he's getting married when? tomorrow? so go to new york and figure out if this is real. i'm sorry. i'm sick of you apologizing. i really like you. yeah, just leave me alone. i'm done being weird. they've reached out. they're interested really running. this is going to be more like training for the olympics. more running, more time in the weekend. it's our first road trip and our first wedding breakup. you sent your husband to new york with another woman who you already had concerns about. gretchen, what are you guys doing here? we're here. to break up your wedding. to zucchini, my ex called. this is gavin. he's the one i had to call the wedding off. zaheed, why you made me promise not to let you mess up nursing school. goodbye. sam, no, not without the code. sammy, i don't want to start anything between us if you're not sure, sure you're out of your marriage. yeah, i'm trying to figure that out. why the hell would you do that? but i never unhomied you. i'm sorry. sam, i now pronounce you homies. dog, what the hell was that i was trying to break up your stupid affair to saheed passing his test. hi, hi. i'm sorry. i know i got into that emt. training program. i think ucla might be an option. don't don't do the easy thing. to do the hard stuff. you know, i do think that being the nanny to a professional working mom could teach me a lot. is he already asleep? i want to go for it. yeah, i'm not looking crazy. will you be my roommate? yes, yes. you 