welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about house at the end of the street. a newly divorced medical doctor, sarah cassidy, elizabeth shu and her 17-year-old daughter, alyssa. jennifer lawrence, moved to a small, upscale suburb. they are disturbed to discover the house they are moving into is on the same street as a house in which a family used to live in, until the parents were murdered. the story of the massacre is told to them by the neighbors. four years prior, a girl named carrie ann jacobson killed her parents, then fled into the forest and was never seen again, leaving her brother, ryan, max the arrow, as the sole survivor. ryan now lives alone and is hated by his neighbors, bill weaver, gil bellows, a local police officer, appears to be ryan's only supporter. the mother-daughter relationship becomes rocky, and alyssa starts seeing ryan against her mother's wishes, finding ryan to be lonely, but a sweet boy. ryan confides in her that he accidentally injured carrie anne by allowing her to fall from a swing when they were little. he was supposed to be watching her while their parents were getting high on drugs. the resulting brain damage from the accident made her extremely aggressive, leading to their parents murder. ryan is revealed to have been secretly taking care of a seemingly now grown carrie ann eva link in a hidden room. carrie ann manages to escape and approaches a young couple in a car while brandishing a kitchen knife. ryan catches up to her before she can reach the couple, but accidentally kills her while trying to hide her. in grief, he goes to a diner where he meets a kind waitress named peggy jordan hayes. later, some unruly high school boys pick a fight with ryan, and he flees. and alyssa drives to his house and subdues a fire the boys started. she finds tampons in the kitchen garbage and explores the house with suspicion, until she finds the secret room and is attacked by carrie anne, who is revealed to actually be peggy. ryan restrains carrie anne while frantically screaming at alyssa to leave. alyssa finds blue contact lenses and peggy johns's wallet in the kitchen. ryan has kidnapped the waitress and attempted to make her look like carrie anne. alyssa tells ryan she has to go home, but ryan hits her, knocking her unconscious. alyssa wakes to find herself tightly tied to a chair. ryan reveals to her that carrie anne didn't kill their parents. in fact, she died during the accident on the swing set. it was ryan who killed their parents, after suffering years of abuse because they blamed him for his sister's death. this leads to the final revelation that the carry ants he's been keeping in the basement were kidnapped women who he made up to look like his sister. he explains that he wants alyssa, but that he needs carry-anne and cannot have both. officer weaver goes to ryan's house to look for alyssa, but ryan stabs him to death. alyssa frees herself and tries to escape in ryan's car, but ryan knocks her out with chloroform and traps her in his car trunk with peggy's body. sarah arrives and is also stabbed by ryan. alyssa struggles out of the car and ultimately shoots ryan with weaver's gun. when she approaches him, he suddenly wakes up and grabs her wrist. when ryan attempts to stab alyssa with the knife, sarah strikes him in the head with the hammer. alyssa and sarah move out, and ryan is placed in a psychiatric ward. a flashback shows young ryan in girls clothing, about to blow out birthday candles. his mother calls him carrie anne, and when ryan protests that his name is ryan, not carrie anne, she slaps him violently. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 