before began. let me start by saying I'm explaining this movie for people in a hurry, because why are you fronting? you ain't the stars of our movie today. ah, Big Daddy and Bob Fosse blue. our story begins on an island, in the land Tom Brady abandoned with sharks swimming through weeds and these hippies smoking them. look at him, trying to find ways to expand nay minds. and this fool looking like a Brady Bunch body double, or Anglo Jesus making googly eyes, or some fugly who looks like she probably a twin sister. don't do drugs, girl. we're swimming in the ocean. please don't bite my boobs. gonna die by shark and by cousin or friends high on doobs. oh, look, this is Creature from the Black Lagoon. accept this chunk. don't wanna take you home unless you wanna throw your baby. sharks, they only bite when they see your private parts. insert police chief with glasses to indicate intelligence, and he gets a colony run off and has a little talk with Jesus. and, whoops, whoa. watch your step. what about it? what you're talking about I'll see nobody. ain't nobody. just somebody's arm. I still didn't see no body. Spielberg, you always find the best actors. and on the phone the corners like, bit got bit. so chief Brody orders the beach is closed. and there's always gotta be that TV. they don't care about nobody and nothing but money. in his own damn eagle, it's fountain dump. agree. and see this. wasn't gonna let our child go out in the water unsupervised, get bit and bite it, and then she's gonna blame the Popo. Oh, Laurie, as the viewers should just get to make a list of all the people we want to get eight, because this man and his manner a glance has got to go. how does this movie only read B G with all these titties? oh, the doggone. dog down. Vertigo. soon am I supposed to feel bad about this? I feel something in the dog bit it, and the little child is the only one reasonable. hey, you dumb [ __ ]. get out the water. and then they announced the beach is closed for 24 hours. why? we just trying to get done for everything closes. then this guy just pop out of nowhere. you're number Lourdes. I don't kill this hurt, but very each her children's a nice but you got a funny off the class. you want a few parents sharkbait? ooh, haha, because the only thing more important in your life is money. and so everybody want to go shark hunting. meanwhile, an oceanographer examines Marcia's body to find that she was not only killed by a shot, but a big one, kau to shark. only one took the bait. said, this must be the killer. show me the money. until the expert says, no, I don't think that's him, because science. I think we're gonna have to cut a bit. and the man's like, hole. we can't provide evidence. let's just pretend this is the culprit. even if it ain't, they'll never know. so without permission, the Popo and expert gather their own evidence, which exonerates the shark who has already been sentenced to death for a crime being committed. they pose difficult whitter, causing major outrage among the public, who demand that government take serious action. and the man consents to closing the beaches until the shark is caught. the end, no, that's too reasonable. even for fiction. and I thought they smelled bad on the outside. apparently no one told him, fish our friends, not food. here's your meth math lesson. wrecked boat Plus big shark tooth plus crusty man coughs with I hole worms equal Jeff needing a clean pair of panties. but that Mia, oh, he just a selfish, greedy 22 in selfish greedy twenties, and he's like, August, please, we're gonna pick the beaches by Easter. and I wrote that line before the memes, but I took too long. and now that joke older than adele dazeem give a voice more obvious comparisons to now, because, to be honest, thinking about it all is between exhausting. so use your imaginations in jib sports. oh my god, are we living in a bad beer a version of a Steven Spielberg movie is my worst nightmare. and the shock scares bronies child, while the little, reasonable child sit there bawling, like, hey, you dumb [ __ ]. I told you to get out the water. and now it's personal. here's where, you know, dis make-believe, because the government official takes responsibility and apologizes. oh, no, he just bought him up some shark Joss too. so off we go with Popeye the sailorman to slay Bruce. so now we're gonna hurt underneath right now. and they literally go deep-sea fishing for what feels like half my life. well, nothing in Heaven's until doo doo doo doo doo doo was entertaining. somehow. in during this time, the music ranges from some uplifting, adventurous Goonies to epoch harrowing, testosterone pumping, undead pirate killing Symbolics, which is very confusing to me. okay, I'd be seasick up. then planning strategy and pew dancing was very uneventful, like when your mama says she making pizza, but she slept some tomato sauce on cam biscuits and Topsham with some American cheese. do only kind. and then when his hands going to the water, sharks eat most of the people in order. couple dozen guys come out of the water. another she popped my cherry. this. are you serious up here? children don't miss. at times like this I ask myself the tough questions, did that boat got a John? or they just hang they booties off the side and hope the shark don't got a hankerin for some Boston. but, and it's at this point this movie just creature times Moby Dick Plus human arrogance squared. and there's a long chase where the Sharks like, y'all in the ocher, you were in. oh. and then the boat alternators start slippin, and the transmission goes flat, and it need an oil change or some I don't know, just don't dig that hoopty to a mechanic, because he'll just charge you for a bunch of repairs. you don't need to make a long story short. well, it's a long story. the boat get fubar. and, you know, this scene serious, because everybody here wet. they even got to go in the water. the shark just be spending in for funsies. it's like SeaWorld with teeth. so the scientist does some David bleach and magically drops his fear of sharks mightiness. he's really mad now, so he must have kept it. and what? and you fool me, you just ain't like 180 pounds of pirate. I mean, you still got his intestines stuck between your teeth everyone. what's this? mama? SH I thought this was a kids movie. pew, pew, boom, boom. hee hee ho ho. that's nasty. Oh, welcome back, richer doofus. and they Duncan paddle back to the shore among their girly giggles. already, haven't forgotten the havoc wreaked upon their fellow Boston butts, including the captain. because girl, you got what you deserved the end. now, I know y'all got a lot of nothin to get back to, but hear me out. I hope y'all enjoyed this video, because I gotta say, times is rough, and it's kind of hard to be funny when every day feels like a duty over the deck of a ship. but let's all offer a big thank you to those who keep this channel going, even in times like these. Mario star Khitan, dissing. Dan W whiskey. Gabriella, see Michelle w. Maria T P. tfj, fat cat, Sylvia, Roz breeze Davis, see Bethenny. see Christine. k JK wanna. Allison L an, anonymous. BH, and a quick special shout out to Donny B for increasing her pledge and also to Anna Marie s and Marie essa. i don't know. so what's it called with the news thing? they put it in the news and you can understand how something's pronounced. what is it the phonetic spelling. start including the phonetic spelling in your name so I don't sound like a dumb anyway, Anna Marie s did the same. and she out there working hard to save all our dumpsters. Big Jim hug. for more, as explained fall, I'm Jeb Adye. I love your muffins. and that's how she popped my cherry 