hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a psychological horror drama film. look away. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the 17 year old maria is a timid, social, outcast schoolgirl. she's always frustrated and depressed from her father, who's a plastic surgeon and an obsessive perfectionist, which in return makes maria more self-contentious. at school, she's always bullied by a school while at home, she frequently suppresses her emotions with her mother. someday. maria is much puzzled by a sonogram of a pair of twins she discovers hidden behind the mirror. maria knows a way to help let go of her daytime frustrations by masturbating herself in her bathroom. while she's terrified by her reflection, which seems to move on its own in the mirror. she checks it for the second time and gets shocked after she confirms it's real instead of any illusion. the following morning, the frightened maria attempts to discuss it with her parents. however, they brush her off with no patience and send her to school. maria then takes the ride to school from her best friend lily, the only few friends who maria can talk to and get the companionship. on her way to the classroom, she's strapped down to the ground by the bully boy. maria has always remained silent to that, but she's then backed up by lily's boyfriend, whom she actually harbors a secret crush on for a long time. later that night, maria is unable to sleep. she's then led to the bathroom by the seemingly voice in her mind. there she sees her reflection in the mirror, who call herself iron and begins to talk to maria. iran tells maria that nobody cares about maurice's feelings, including her parents and friends. but she know maria's sadness indeed, and can help her take it all away. maria feels very reluctant to believe what's been told by iran. the next morning, she takes the mother's advice to learn skating as her new hobby. at a time, when maria visits her father's clinic, she happens to know about her father's affairs with his patient. on her way home, maria turns glad when the father offers to give her an early birthday present. the next day when she arrives at her father's office, waiting happily for her birthday gift. however, the father tell her he's going to fix her flaws with cosmetic surgery so as to make her rebuild her confidence. maria chooses to accept such a surprising presence silently, but feels extremely sad at her bottom heart about her father's obsessive perfectionism and ignorance of her true feelings. crushed by the gift, maria begins to find solace and support from iran, who makes her confront her subconscious thoughts and inner feelings. the mother senses that something is wrong with maria, but is repeatedly shut down by her husband, even when she mentions her haunted nightmares about her giving birth. the following day, maria follows lily for a skating lesson for the upcoming winter prom. while at that time, she's unbelievably taunted by her best friend lily after she slips and is unable to get back up. it turns out that lily gets jealousy of maria because maria's seemingly weakness attracts special cares from her boyfriend in despair. and back home, she talks to the mirror iron again, trying to find herself some comfort. while iram seeks the chance to propose to switch their places so that she can put an end to maria's long-lasting frustrations. however, right before the switch is about to finish, the mother interrupts and urges maria to change her clothes for the prom. as she shows up in the prom, she's taken care by lily's boyfriend. at the beginning, she's warmed by his encouragement, but later she slips down and is humiliated by the bully boy, again, before all people at the party who just stand still and turn to laugh at her clumsiness. devastated by the party, maria flees into the bathroom to find iran, the only person she can trust. now, right there, their palms and lips touch, allowing them to switch bodies the next minute, with a totally different personality in maria's body, iron lights up a smoke and begins to picture her next moves to give lessons to all of these bad people at school. iran is visibly more confident, standing up to the bully boy and challenging him with dirty words and sm gestures. then she behaves charming and intimate before lily's boyfriend and ignores how her best friend lillywood thinks about that. but instead, she asks lily to offer her another skating lesson. she then arranges for the mother to run into her husband's mistress as way of forcing her to acknowledge the husband's affairs and their superficial marriage. the mother, who's under long depression and nightmare and living in denial about her husband's affairs, totally gets upset by her daughter's challenge. maria is also appalled by iran's behavior towards the innocent mother. maria's concession, however, is treated vulnerable by iran. but maria, now stuck in the mirror, can't do anything to stop her. iran then lures the bully boy to the shower room, pretending to give him a hormone let blow job, while he ends up with his knees broken badly, putting an end to his sports professional after secretly practicing figure skating alone. iram has another lesson to lily, who's intimidated by iran's sinister manner. then iram shows her real intent and chases lily across the ice. the frightened lily panics for the sudden hostility. she skates right away, but unluckily falls into the pavement, failing, crushing her skull. rather than show any sorrow to her, aram fake cries to call the police for the accident, and then keeps calm to mislead the investigation by the police. in the bathroom that evening, shocked by what iran did to her family and schoolmates, maria begs to switch again, but gets refused by iran. during the funeral for lilly, iram seeks the chance to seduce lily's boyfriend. the two begin an intense relationship and let go off their hormone. later on, iran begins living more wildly, skipping school, seducing her favorite schoolboy and turning totally blind to her mother. while at a motel together, lily's boyfriend gets a phone call telling him the police want to speak to him and maria. maria refuses to go and begs him to stay, which makes the boy become suspicious about lily's death. while gets offended by the rude man. in a moment of impulse, iran hits him over his head with a vodka bottle, killing him immediately. maria confined in the mirror and can't do anything. feels deeply sorry for the loss of her crushed boy. the going wild, iron then leaves the motel and goes all the way to the father's clinic office, where she pretends to be heavily intoxicated. she then strips herself naked before the father and demands to know if he would still love her if she were deformed. the father is clearly perturbed and embarrassed by such question. he tries to avoid her questions. it's revealed that maria originally had a twin sister, iran, who was, however, euthanized after birth by the obsessive perfectionist father due to her supposed physical deformities. physically erased, though the sister is always there, hidden in the mirror, haunting the family with hate and waiting for her body switch with maria. iran finally slits his throat with a scalpel because she's already had her own answer for the father. after cleaning the blood in her hand, iran feels surprised to see that maria is now no longer in the reflection. frightened and alone. iran returns home and crawls onto the bed next to the mother who seems to have ended her nightmare finally and reunite with her two daughters, presumably now merged into one. this is daniel cc. movie review, peace out. 