hey there guys. i'm john from fast films, and today we're covering a 2019 american horror movie called child's play. starting with a commercial from castle incorporation, the movie shows the release of a self-learning, a i developed baby doll named budai, who can interact, react and play with the kids intelligently, as well as serve as a host for the caslin devices installed all around the house, as well as other communal services from the castle and corp the scenario then shifts to the caslin factory where hundreds of buddies are being made. one particular worker stalls at his work and is immediately bashed by his superior the officer barks his final sentence to the worker who'll get fired after finishing up his last piece of buddha. the worker is extremely frustrated, and he reprograms the doll and removes all the safety protocols. afterwards, the worker commits suicide by jumping from the roof and dropping on a car. the film now flips to a supermarket where the counter clerk named karen engages with a customer who complains about the doll's race and points to buddha too remarking that it's the one he wants. karen replies that it isn't out yet, upon which the guy buys it anyway. after finishing her job, she returns to her apartment building, where a creepy looking maintenance guy stares at her. she ignores him and proceeds into the lift to reach her apartment, where her kid named andy is using his phone. his mother jokes around for a bit and snatches the phone away. andy complains about it, and in the reply, karen walks to the window to see two other kids below. and she asks him to go out and make friends. unwillingly, andy strolls outside, but doesn't meet the kids and sits outside to kill the time. the following day, a woman returns with a faulty package of buddha, stating that his eyes turn red and it doesn't function well. after returning the customer her money, karen takes the doll to the dispatch area where she forces the guy named wes to give it to her for andy's birthday. on the other hand, andy returns home to find his mother making out with her boyfriend, shane, right in front of the door. after having to see the demeaning site andy goes down the hall where his neighbor, named detective mike meets him. in the interim, mike's mother calls for him, and karen also arrives there. mike introduces himself, but after a useless joke, he returns to his apartment, while karen takes andy back inside to present him with the buddha. the signs of excitement fade away from andy's face as the present unwraps to be the doll. he simply regards it as an old toy for the kids. but karen insists on trying it. upon connecting it, buddha gets alive, and his eyes flicker between the red and blue. it scans andy's face and calls him his best friend. furthermore, he names himself chucky. in the meantime, andy exasperatingly tries to make him perform simple tasks, but the doll keeps on malfunctioning, upon which karen heaves a sigh of disappointment. in order to not make her feel bad, andy hugs his mother and assures that it's okay. afterwards, he walks chucky into his room, where the doll gets introduced to rooney the cat, and he follows the abuse that andy speaks about. rather surprised, andy continues and shows him the sketchbook before getting ready to bed. as andy takes off his shoes, chucky sings the buddha song, which irritates andy. late at night, chucky starts singing on his own, and andy's frustration peaks. eventually, chucky gets quiet and bids a creepy good night to him. the next morning, chucky follows every step that andy performs, from brushing teeth to preparing breakfast. as andy leaves for school. upon returning, he finds chuckie waiting for him at the door, while karen lays asleep in shane's arm. in the meantime, chucky offers andy a busted stick as a present, after which he takes the doll out and they both sit together like best friends. andy rants about shane's inconvenience, while chucky assures that he'll never leave andy. later that night, they both play the board game, when suddenly rooney scratches andy. he winces in pain and goes to get a band-aid on his back. chucky is triggered, and he proceeds to strangle the cat as it inflicted harm to andy. the kid returns back and speaks to chucky about how he must not harm any humans or cats. afterwards, they sit in the hallway where andy tries to teach chucky some eerie facial expressions in order to freak out shane. just then the two kids named fallon and pug, walk in on them and marvel at the fact how chucky is able to do all the things freely. the neighborhood kids join in with andy on the adventure to freak out shane, and they successfully do it, as chucky barges in unchained while he's getting drinks from the fridge. preceding this little stunt, the kids now become friends with each other. fallon and pug get introduced to karen, who surprised and pleased as well on this astonishing change in andy's life. meanwhile, the kids proceed to watch a slasher film with chucky. as the characters brutalize and skin each other. chucky watches and learns while all the kids enjoy themselves. therefore, he proceeds to the kitchen and returns with a knife in order to stab them, but andy pins him down. suddenly, chucky cuts his arm, but gets isolated in the darkened room as a punishment. the scene now shifts into the morning, where shane gets up to grab some beer, but is suddenly startled by chucky, who's standing on the counter. his speaker starts playing andy's voice, stating shane's such an [ __ ] repeatedly. upon hearing that, andy gets a scolding from karen, and she puts chuckie in a cabinet and locks it away for good, despite andy's complaints. the following day, andy returns from school to find the cabinet shattered. looking further for chucky, he discovers that he has killed rooney. andy starts crying in desperation and throws the cat's remains down the garbage chute. later, karen looks for the cat, but andy simply gives a lame excuse for its missing. late at night, andy wakes up and finds chucky in a corner playing the shrieking snarls of rooney. the scenario shifts to the next day, where andy returns home to find chucky sitting weirdly at the table. just then shane and karen emerge from the side, and andy immediately walks to his room shane complains about his behavior and goes away, while karen tries to communicate with chucky, but gets no response. later that night, as shane pees in the bathroom, chucky suddenly appears on his side, and andy's voice starts playing. burning in anguish, shane barges into andy's room and throws the doll across the floor. afterwards, he proceeds to threaten andy into speaking trash on his face. the scared kid doesn't utter a word. but chucky records everything in his memory and watches andy cry, wishing for shane to leave them outside the apartment. mike watches the couple argue, but ignores it as shane leaves before pinning all the blame on karen. the rude man leaves in his car, and it is revealed that shane is actually a family man with a wife and two daughters. later that night, he walks out and puts up a ladder to take out the christmas lights from the roof. but at that time, the ladder sways sideways. all of a sudden, shane drops hard on his feet and twists his ankles horribly. he groans in pain and calls for his wife, but nobody listens to his cries. suddenly, his phone starts to ring at some distance, and he crawls towards it through the watermelon field. but chucky turns on the lawnmower. the blades spin viciously, and the machine drives towards shane as he crawls on his belly towards safety. just before the blades could sever his head, he stops the lawnmower. but little does he expect, chucky jumps on his chest with glowing red eyes and states that nobody hurts his best buddy. with that, he lifts up the knife and chain tries to stop the attack, but the lawnmower's blades rip his scalp off, while chucky stabs him to death as well. the following morning, the detectives arrive on the murder scene and find shane's face completely skinned to the flesh and bone. on the other hand, andy wakes up to witness the horrifying sight of shane's skin plastered to a melon by nails. he whimpers in fright and confronts chucky, while the doll simply replays andy's own voice. wanting shane to be gone, andy gets frightened as hell and locks chucky in his wardrobe. afterwards, he calls fallon and pug, who immediately freak out upon the disturbing sight. pug vomits in disgust, while fallon suggests hiding the evidence immediately. therefore, the kids wrap the head in colorful wrapping paper and try to leave the apartment to throw it down the trash chute. but karen catches them. she inquires about the package, and andy makes up a story about sending it to mike's mother, doreen. but it reverses back on him. as karen accompanies him to doreen's door. the aged woman comes out and happily accepts the present. karen asks her to open it, but suddenly andy jumps forward and requests her to open it on his own birthday. doreen happily agrees and goes inside. meanwhile, andy meets his friends and they formulate a plan. later that night, andy takes chucky out of the closet and lures him into another room where pug and fallon hit him and try to pry out his cpu. chucky squeals for help and looks up to andy before finally shutting down andy looks at him in grief, and later the three of them wrap him up and throw him down the garbage chute. afterwards, the maintenance guy finds chucky in the trash, and his expressions light up with joy. he brings the doll to his workshop where cctv cameras are installed. meanwhile, andy returns home where karen mourns in grief, and he proceeds to console her. later, he walks over to mike's house to have dinner. as they all talk around the table, doreen claims that andy's her best friend now, which chucky catches on the cctv. in the meantime, andy's attention is pasted to the wrapped head on the showcase. mike notices it and brings it to the table, but none is uncovered. the elders then get up to wash the dishes, and behind their back, andy rushes outside and takes the package with him to ultimately throw it down the garbage chute. back at the workshop, the maintenance guy installs a new core, and chucky wakes up. the guy jumps in triumph, but his attention goes to the cctv where karen is preparing for a bath. the pervert starts getting aroused, but chucky starts messing up with the castlin devices all around to make them unresponsive. amidst all of that, the doll starts stabbing the guy. his chest and legs get brutally lacerated, and he climbs up on the saw table. suddenly, chucky turns on the saw blade, and using that, he kills the guy ruthlessly. the same night, the kid named omar gets the doll as a package, and all the others gather around to watch the show. while andy eyes buddai suspiciously. his suspicions are confirmed the next morning as buddha walks up to him and repeats the same words from chucky's memory. andy gets frightened when suddenly shane's violence video and his severed head starts appearing on the screens. extremely ravaged, he pins chucky to the ground while omar comes to shove him away, and they indulge in a vicious fight, as chucky watches with red eyes. both the guys brawl on and are separated. karen arrives and checks on andy, just then he proceeds to grab his earpiece and finds omar's phone as well, later, the kids sit around and discuss how andy's not their friend. meanwhile, andy connects to chucky through omar's phone. on the other hand, doreen leaves for bingo. by ordering a castlin car, she proudly walks to receive the ride. while andy suddenly notices chuckie following her. in order to warn the lady, he dashes down the building, but it's too late. and doreen leaves in her car. after a smooth drive, she arrives at the destination. but just before she can get out, the car malfunctions and reverses at a rapid speed. it spins and comes face to face with chucky, who uses his finger to spin the car again. he also disengages all the safety mechanisms and crashes the vehicle into another parked car. as doreen regains consciousness, chucky springs up beside her and stabs her to death. in the meantime, andy tries to convince karen that chuckie is evil, but she doesn't listen to him and leaves to return omar's phone. afterwards, andy sits all alone and suddenly finds pug and fallon on tv, discussing his craziness. in the meantime, chucky's voice echoes from all the devices in andy breaks every single one of it as he trashes the whole place up with the baseball bat. karen returns and stares at the destruction in disbelief. on the other hand, mike discovers his mother's dead body. and the kids also sense the abnormality of the environment. they proceed to meet outside, where they find out that doreen was actually killed and andy is in danger. in the interim, mike gets the photos of shane's skin face wrapped in a present paper. meanwhile, at the mart, people wait for the releases of buddai 2 and the buddha bear, while wes prepares to be the mascot. andy analyzes the new product. when his friends arrive and warn him about chucky. on the other end, the countdown starts, and mike jumps in through the crowd and arrests andy. despite his warnings, mike calls him up, but the crowd jumps barges in and runs towards the stage where wes walks out from the curtain, but gets slashed at the neck by chucky. therefore, he staggers to the floor. and reveals his worsening condition. meanwhile, the store's lights go out, and chucky guides the castle and drones to kill people, which causes a huge stampede in the supermarket. the people escape, while andy is cuffed to a trolley. his friends try to locate him and save him just in time. as an evil buddha bear approaches to attack him, they all run, but just before slipping away, karen's restrained video plays on the tvs. andy scoots his friends away in advances to save his mother. while holding a chainsaw in an axe, he walks through the old storage area where a police toy car leads him to another area where his mother is standing, totally bound by ropes. in the interim, chucky talks to him and states that he's going to make everyone go away as they ruin their fun. after his threatening talk, chucky knocks down andy. after the blackout, we witness chucky dragging a knife across the floor, while karen gets lifted up in the air with a noose around her neck. meanwhile, chucky climbs on andy's chest with glowing red eyes. and just before it can kill him, andy thrusts him away and starts to climb in order to cut karen's rope. her body withers in struggle, and andy jumps on the rope to cut it. chucky attacks him up there as well. but andy finally cuts off the rope and they fall down. afterwards, he stabs chucky in the chest, and he's further fired upon by mike. with that, the day is saved. in the final moments, we witnessed the kid smashing up the doll and henry caslen announcing another release. meanwhile, another buddha lights up with red eyes, and the film ends. thanks for watching, guys, 