[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1988 horror film child's play. so let's get started. the film opens with serial killer Charles Lee ray running from homicide detective Mike Norris in Chicago. Charles is shot several times, and his accomplice, Eddie Caputo, runs away in the getaway vehicle without him. the dying Charles uses fudou magic to transfer himself into a good guys doll. and the magic causes the store to explode, and Norris finds Charles's dead body. Karen Barclay purchases the doll for her son, Andy, and the talking doll introduces himself as Chucky. later, Karen's friend Maggie is babysitting Andy and begins to notice Chucky is being moved. and Maggie is eventually killed by being hit by a hammer and falls out the window. the police arrive, and detective Nora suspects Andy as the murderer. Andy says that Chuckie killed Maggie. however, the next morning, Chucky orders Andy to go see Eddie Caputo, who Chucky kills with a gas explosion. and Andy, again, is thought to be a suspect and is put into a psychiatric hospital because he is again claiming that Chuckie committed the murder. Karen throws out the good guys box to realize that the batteries were never put into the toy so Chucky must be animating himself on his own. Karen starts a fire and threatens to burn the doll, and Chucky violently springs to life and flees the apartment. Karen runs into Norris outside her apartment and explains what happens, but he doesn't believe her. Karen finds the homeless man who initially sold her the doll, but the man tries to assault her. when Norris intervenes, the homeless man then directs them to the toy store, the same one that Norris killed Charles Lee ray. as Mike is driving home, Chuckie tries to kill him. Mike crashes the car and shoots Chuckie, causing him to bleed. Chuckie thought he was invincible as a doll and flees. Mike meets up with Karen and they go to meet up with John, dr. death, Bishop, Chucky's former voodoo instructor. Chucky gets there first, however. and John explains that he is starting to become more human in his doll form, hence why he was able to be Chucky's demands that john reversed the spell, but he refuses. Chucky tortures John using a voodoo doll, until John reveals that Chucky has to transfer his soul into the first human he revealed himself to, which would be Andy. Chucky stabs the voodoo doll, fatally injuring John. Chucky leaves, and Karen and Norris arrived soon after. the dying John informs them that Chucky's heart is fully human and that is the way to kill him. Chucky chases Andy at the hospital, and Andy flees to his apartment. Chucky knocks out Andy and begins performing the ritual, but Karen and Norris arrive. Chucky is thrown into the fire, but still keeps coming after the family. so Karen shoots him several times, dismembering him. Norris is injured and his partner, Jack arrives. jack is grabbed by the burn dismembered body of Chucky, and Norris shoots Chucky through the heart. as the film ends, the family leaves to meet the ambulance outside. so that was the spoilers for child's play. if you have another film you'd like to see us spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 