[Music], Huy Campbell suffers mental trauma after his girlfriend, Robin, is killed in a high-velocity impact with celebrity superhero. a trained lawyers offer a forty-five thousand dollar settlement, which Huey hesitates to accept. aspiring superhero Annie January auditions as starlight and is accepted to join the superhero group the seven, following the lamplighters retirement. arriving at 7 headquarters, she is greeted by the deep who blackmails her into performing oral sex on him. vigilante Billy butcher offers Hughie a chance to expose superhero corruption, taking him into a secret Supes Club to show him security footage of a train laughing about Robin's death. butcher asks Hughie to take the settlement money and to plant a bug at seventh hour, but Hughie refuses. in Central Park, Annie meets Hughie, and they motivate each other to stand up for themselves and face their challenges. Hughie plants the bug, but translucent discovers it and confronts Hughie alone at work. butcher arrives and helps Hughie incapacitate translucent, else we're home Lander downs the Mayor of Baltimore's plane because of his attempts to blackmail the Vout corporation and its vice president. Madeline Stillwell, butcher and Hughie take translucent to Frenchy, who makes a meta bullet to pierce the heroes diamond-hard skin, but it fails to kill him. butcher turns to see a a department director susan reynor, for the Mallory files, but she refuses. Madeline Stillwell tells homeland er about the evidence deep found incriminating him for the plane crash. so she handles it while he talks to deep. Starlite teams up with the deep. she promises to kill him if he ever tries to sexually assault her again. Stilwell blackmails Oklahoma senator Calhoun into allowing a vote that could enable Vout to contract superheroes to the military. Annie stops a rape, unaware she is being recorded. her agent, Ashleigh rages at her because of the negative exposure and legal implications. while home lander searches for translucent. Frenchie decides to place c-4 explosives in translucence :. who then fearfully reveals a train was with his girl and pop claw. before he killed Robin, the boys larren home Lander is nearby, and cannot risk killing translucent. Frenchie and butcher cause an explosive distraction. translucent escapes and convinces Hughie to let him go. but Hughie changes his mind and detonates the explosives, killing translucent, has Frenchie and butcher clean up translucent remains. Hughie leaves his home after finally telling his father how he truly feels. starlight gains positive publicity for stopping the rape, only to learn Stilwell has given her a revealing costume. she declines, but Stillwell forces her to wear it or lose her job. butcher brings in his former friend, Mother's Milk to run surveillance on pop cloth. Hughie installed spyware on her computer, and they learned that a train takes a performance-enhancing substance known as compound V. butcher wants to expose them before supers can be allowed into the Armed Forces. but he needs a vial of compound V from a train's upcoming race with shockwave. before hand, Hughie meets Annie as starlight, inviting her to lunch the to open up to each other, leading to their exchanging of numbers. a train uses a vial to win the race and breaks his promise to pop cloth, announcing he is single. with mother's milk deducing, pop cloth swiped some vials, they find her, heartbroken, high and in the midst of killing her landlord during hyper-charged sex. butcher uses this opportunity to blackmail pop clock as an informant. ad Vout headquarters. Hollander reveals translucence remains - still well, along with butchers message, coming for you. following pop Claus tip, the boys find a triad hideout housing an imprisoned Japanese woman known as the female, whom Frenchie frees after she kills her guards and runs off. mother's milk finds evidence the female was a test subject. when Hughie meets starlight while bowling, butcher has him bug her phone with the compound. V supply compromised, a train has pop clock go into hiding while he searches for the female. Stilwell sends home Lander and Queen Maeve to save a hijacked airliner, flight 37. but home Lander casually abandons the plane when the plan fails forcing Maeve to choose her survival over that of the passengers. Frenchie finds evidence leading to Penn Station and makes a momentary connection with the female, but loses her in the crowd. they corner her on the tracks, but a train arrives and tries to kill her friend. she attracts a crowd to distract a train, allowing the female to escape. the boys corner her again, and Frenchy tries talking to her, she attacks them. so butcher uses knockout gas. Stilwell is pleased to see homeland are used the tragedy to push for militarized supers rousing the crowd with a heartfelt speech. while Maeve grieves for those she allowed to die at the believed Expo. starlight talks with some teens while being quietly directed to push the vow to Genda. while butcher has Huey meet Ezekiel, the Expo host and their next lead. Maeve feels guilty for letting flight 37 crash, and visits her former romantic partner, Elena, but leaves before explaining herself fully. butcher takes time to talk with Rachel, his sister-in-law, over her putting up a tombstone for butcher's wife, Becca, who has been missing for eight years. a train kills pop cloth for betraying him, and finds surveillance footage of Frenchie. after home lander exits a meeting with Ezekiel, Huey extorts Ezekiel for information about compound V. home Lander rallies the crowd with an impromptu hardline speech. starlight breaks script to speak candidly about her sexual assault and the compromises she made for her corporate employer. Huey later comforts her and sympathizes with her plight by telling her about Robyn's death. butcher and mother's milk discover that Vout is using compound V on infants in order to manufacture supers. Frenchy discovers black noir is looking for him. attempting to escape, he is told to leave the female behind, but releases her out of sympathy. she seemingly dies protecting him from black noir, but then awakens, and her wounds immediately heal. now informed, the boys know Vout has used super charities to smuggle compound V disguised as vaccines and make super babies since 1971. annie learns that Ashley was fired, and Stillwell demands she comply with her designed image. an irrefutable assault would hurt Vout, still well aware it was deep that sexually harassed Annie, has him apologized publicly and transfers him to Sandusky, Ohio for a sabbatical. butcher brings Huey to a collateral damage survivors support group believes after yelling at them for doing nothing to get justice. while alone, butcher explains to Huey the homeland er raped his wife, who went missing shortly afterward. Frenchie and mother's milk get help from Mesmer, a telepath to see into the female's mind, learning her name is Kimiko and that she was kidnapped by the shining light Liberation Army terrorist group. they also learned that Vout is making compound V boosted terrorists to push their agenda to militarized supers. butcher tells reynor, but when she refuses to target home Lander, he calls off the deal. meanwhile, Mesmer gives home Lander surveillance photos of the boys. Huey and Annie share a kiss, but butcher finds out, warning him not to fraternize with the enemy and threatens to tell her about translucent. Huey and Annie booked a hotel room where they have sex, and he agrees to introduce her to his father. deep finds his transfer to Sandusky, Ohio doll. he brings a fan to his apartment, but she sexually assaults him by his gills. home Lander holds a meeting to discuss Huey killing translucent, extorting Ezekiel and a train killing Robin. he angrily accuses starlight of co-conspiracy, but Maeve defends her. when a train calls Huey, claiming he is holding his dad hostage. the boys realized Mesmer betrayed them, an enraged butcher later murders Mesmer. Huey obtained some compound V to distract a train and allow Kimiko to [ __ ] him. homeland, her asks about scientist dr. Vogel bomb, about Becca butcher, who informs him she was pregnant with his child, but both died and Vout covered it up. questioning the revelations, timing, Vogel Baum expresses regret raising him in a lab, calling home Lander his greatest failure. butcher asks Reynard to protect Huey's and mothers milks families in exchange for evidence as rain or charges. Stillwell, and about she learns of the superhuman terrorists in Akiva. Annie confronts Huey, who explains votes use of compound b-before butcher arrives to exfiltrate him and shoots her. the Pentagon classifies compound V as a controlled substance and lists the boys as fugitives. while Annie confronts her other Vout denies, deeps returned to the seven, causing him to suffer an emotional breakdown. an injured, a trained, angry at being racially profiled while out of costume, rebounds to compound V. butcher takes Huy to Mallory, who refuses participation, but informed them about Stilwell and warns Huy about butcher's craving for vengeance. Healy leaves to ask for Annie's help, but she refuses out of distrust. Maeve opens up and asks starlight to be herself again. home Lander privately confesses to Stilwell that he secretly made the super terrorists, and they have sex at a secret base. Huy helps Frenchie and mother's milk free Kimiko. starlight rescues them and when a train arrives, she and Huy fight him until the speedster suffers a heart attack. Jiri applies CPR, but starlight takes over so he can escape. butcher takes Stillwell hostage and fits her with explosives to bait home lander, after revealing he tortured Vogel bomb for the truth about Becca. home Lander kills Stillwell himself. homeland er saves butcher from his suicidal explosion and shows him where Becca has been secretly raising. homeland her son, stunning both butcher and Becca, 