it begins with showing a squad of three girls competing with the soldiers. a soldier. rin attacks a soldier on his head and divides it into two parts. seeing it, the other soldiers, being scared, attack her. she calls ray, and she is a member of their squad. coming there, she starts separating the head of the soldiers who were firing. seeing it, all the soldiers get scared. they were returning with it. we see the third member of their squad, yoshi. she enters a poison in him that is brain blown away. now we are told in the movie, the squad of these three girls is called the mutant girl squad. this movie is based on them. moving further, we are told the story before one month here, rin was with her family. her parents say, tonight there is a surprise for you. hearing it, she becomes happy and goes to school. going to school, her happiness removes because some kids tease her there. here we see some girls are throwing shoes on wren. as she goes to the classroom, she sees a lot of garbage on her desk. seeing it, she comes in anger. then rin's hand was shaking badly in anger. she becomes worried. while seeing her hand, she decides to cut it. she was cutting her hand with a sharp blade. meanwhile, she feels there is someone behind her. as she sees behind, she sees her class fellow, rey. she wants to talk to rey, but rey ignores him and moves forward. the girl who teases and makes rin worried apologizes to rin. but this was fake. during this, she attacks rin, and she falls from the stairs. she gets faint. when rin comes to her senses, she finds herself on a bed on which she was tied tightly with a belt. she asks about her glasses from the doctor. the doctor tells her, now she will not need the glasses, because you are not a human, but a mutant. hearing it, she becomes worried. while injecting the injection, the doctor sees the weird changes occur in her body. as her blood particles were moving speedily. her eyes turn black from brown. with it, a sharp wire comes out of her hand. because of it, doctor's ear cuts and separates. getting a chance, rin runs from here. when rin comes home, her parents give her the birthday surprise. seeing it, she doesn't become happy and starts weeping. then her father stands up and starts making her understand something. he tells her, we have to tell you something important with it. he shows his body. seeing her father's body, she feels weird because his body organs were out of his body. he was looking ugly. she was getting scared of her father. but her mother calms her down. rin moves away from her and asks, you are also like him? rin's parents were about to tell her something. meanwhile, the nose bullet soldiers attacked there. due to the attack of the bullet, the head of her mother crashed badly. then the leader of the nose bullets attacks her father. his head detaches and falls on her cake. seeing all this, rin comes in anger. those changes again occur in her body, and her hand changes into a powerful hand. with the help of the powerful hand, she kills all the soldiers. when it was the turn of their leaders, she becomes aggressive, at first, to give him a painful death. she cuts his hand. after it, all the soldiers try to attack rin together, but they didn't harm her. meanwhile, shockingly, the body of her father stands up. the head of her father was guiding the body. her father kills the soldiers. now, the head of the father asks her to go out from here. going out, she will not be saved. some people will kill her. here. rin comes in extreme anger. she divides the head of the man into three parts. she kills him badly. it plays in a live transmission from here. rin goes into a restaurant. the servant present there comes forward to help her. she gets scared after seeing her hand. the male servant attacks her. to defend herself, she throws his knife far with the help of her hand. mistakenly, the knife hits the girl, and the servant also dies there. coming out of the restaurant, rin faces many people, the people who were trying to kill rin. rin competes with them and starts killing them all brutally. after killing many people. now, she was enjoying killing people. when she comes out of the restaurant, she becomes worried and emotional after seeing the dead bodies everywhere, because she has killed them all. meanwhile, a man comes there who was about to shoot her. now rin doesn't save herself because now she wants to die. she thinks that she has taken many lives. now to dies is better for her. that man was about to kill rin, but a lady detaches the neck of the man. she stares at the man. her class fellow, ray, was also with him. then rin was taken to a school in which mutants study about their powers. here we see an iron mask on the mutant's face. now in this scene, we are told about mutants. they are living here before humans. when the humans start living here, they start finishing the mutants from here. the humans destroyed their life. after class, the girls also tease rin. here, all girls show her their powers. seeing all this, she gets worried and wants to escape from there. but a girl stops her and says, you are like us, and you will live with us. in this scene, a nurse named yoshi comes there. she was very nice. she behaves with them nicely. she tells her the mask will be removed from her face when she will know the use of her powers. then yoshi tells her, kisaragi called you. when rey goes to kisaragi, there was a fire. a girl was laying on a bed. the environment was showing that kisaragi is doing experiments on the girl. he says to ray that you will train rin, because none can do this task except you. we see rin, while training with the other girls, she gives her a suit and says, you have to fight with me while wearing it. when they were fighting, rey attacks rin suit. due to it, an electric shock comes out of her suit. rin falls at a far distance. then rey tells her, this suit has its powers. now you will take care of the powers of those suits. she wants to drink something, but she couldn't because of the iron mask. during this, yoshi helps her. in the next scene, we see kisaragi. he kills the three men to just make his god happy. rey has attached rin with a machine in which there are the powers to enhance her powers. due to the machine, rin again suffers from body changes. her hand also changes. rin comes in anger and attacks ray. during this, rin's mask removes and falls at a far distance. kisaragi sees it. while talking to rin, kisaragi says, you are special that your mask is removed before one year. because you are a daughter of a human and a mutant. you have many powers. now, while using those powers, you have to do a task for me. he asks her to kill a general. he tells her, we are killing him because he wants to remove the mutants from here. then the scene changes in the movie, it is shown that the citizens are scared of the video of rin, in which she has killed many peoples. that's why general hiruko has arranged the press conference to calm down the people. he says, we have made a human robot. it has a lot of power. it can fight easily with the mutants. when he was about to show the robot, somehow yoshi and rin come there. they killed all the guards there. being scared, general hiruko also runs from there. she comes to chase him, but the guards stop him. she kills his guard with his sword badly. rin was chasing general hiruko and was about to kill him. the human robot comes. it was made to fight with the mutants. it was about to kill rin. mean while yoshi comes there, she takes out some insects and enters his body. due to it, he also dies. during this. kisaraghi comes there and holds iroiki. kisaragi kills hiruko. when she comes out, she sees many innocent people are also killed. seeing it, she becomes emotional. meanwhile, rey comes there and kills a girl there because she was asking for help from wren while weeping. this all made rin more worried. and then she thinks about her parents. in her imagination, her parents say to her to listen to her heart, don't follow what anyone is saying. in the next scene, we see rin is sleeping. she sees a dream that kisaragi killed her badly. as she wakes up being scared, yoshi was near her. she asks yoshi, was the happening of yesterday? was fine? he or she doesn't answer her on this. she fights. during the fighting, they feel that they are good friends. it is useless to fight. the girls of mutant academy were destroying the city. ray is injecting the injection, and she is a mutant, to increase their powers. as she sees them, she orders them to kill them. here the scene shifts to kisaragi. we see that he has caught the president of japan. the girls yoshi was fighting with, they kill each other mistakenly. now yoshi faces one more mutant on which kisaragi was doing the experiment. now the soldiers again come to fight with kazagi in the movie. but hiroksaragi was so powerful because he has wakened up the god of the mutants. we see a girl with yoshi and she places a small cut on her body. the fire comes out of her body. here, yoshi also attacks the girl. after it, we are shown the fighting between rey and rin in the movie. as rin weakens, she makes rey realizes that it is not good to kill the humans like this. rey also realizes it. she also realizes that kisaragi has put the hate in her heart. we again see kisaragi was killing all the soldiers with a sword. with it, he was also shouting that you can't escape from me. you all have to die with my hands. rey and rin come to kisaragi to take revenge. as they come to him, kisaragi attacks rin, but rey pushes him and saves her. hear yoshi, while using her brain and powers, well, she takes all the power of the girl in her through her mouth. she attacks her with her powers. as she hears rin's voice, she uses the powers of the girl and goes to rin. she makes the girl attacks kisaragi. do to it. the girl and kisaragi both were blasts. after it, they think they can save the president. but the president calls them mutants and warns them to kill them. that's why they also kill this president. and the movie ends here. i hope you enjoy my explanation. don't forget to subscribe to my channel and hit the like button. thank you for watching. 