[Music]. in 1989, scientist hank pym resigns from shield after discovering their attempt to replicate his ant-man shrinking technology. believing the technology is dangerous, Pym vows to hide it as long as he lives. in the present-day, PIMs estranged daughter, hope Van Dyne, and former Protege, Darren cross, have forced him out of his company, Pym technologies. cross is close to perfecting a shrinking suit of his own, the yellow jacket, which horrifies Pym. upon his release from prison, well-meaning thief, Scott Lang moved in with an old cellmate, Lois. Lang visits his daughter Cassie, unannounced and is chastised by his former wife, Maggie and her police detective fiance, Paxton, for not providing child support. unable to hold a job because of his criminal record, Lange agrees to join Louie's crew and commit a burglary. laying breaks into a house and cracks it safe, but only finds what he believes to be an old motorcycle suit, which he takes home. after trying the suit on, Lang accidentally shrinks himself to the size of an insect. terrified by the experience. he returns the suit to the house, but is arrested on the way out. hank pym, the homeowner, visits Scott Lang in jail and smuggled the suit into his cell to help him break out. Hank Pym, who manipulated Lang, through an unknowing Louis, into stealing the suit as a test once Lang to become the new ant-man to steal the yellowjacket from cross. having been spying on Darren cross. after discovering his intentions, hope Van Dyne and Hank Pym trained Scott Lang to fight into control ants. while hope Van Dyne harbors resentment towards her dad, Hank Pym, about her mother, Janet's death. he reveals that Janet, known as the wasp, disappeared into a subatomic, quantum realm while disabling a Soviet nuclear missile tank. Tim warns Scott Lang that he could suffer a similar fate if he overrides his suits regulator. they sent him to steal a device that will aid their heist from the Avengers headquarters, where he briefly fights Falcons. ham Wilton, Darren cross perfects the yellow jacket and hosts an unveiling ceremony at Pym technologies headquarters. Scott Lang, Allah with his crew and a swarm of flying ants infiltrates the building. during the event, sabotages the company servers and clients explosives. when he attempts to steal the yellowjacket, he, along with him and hope, are captured by Darren cross, who intends to sell both the yellowjacket and ant-man suits to Hydra. laying breaks free, and he and hope dispatch most of the Hydra agents, though one flees with a vial of crosses particles, and Pym is shot. Lang pursues cross while the explosive detonate, imploding the building. as Pym and Van Dyne escape, Darren cross dons the yellow jacket and attack Scott Lang, before Lang is arrested by Paxton. cross takes Cassie hostage to lure lining into another fight. Lang overrides the regulator and shrinks to subatomic size to penetrate crosses suit and sabotage it to shrink uncontrollably, killing cross. Lang disappears into the quantum realm, but manages to reverse the effects and returns to the macroscopic world out of gratitude for Lang's heroism, Paxton covers her leg to keep him out of prison. seeing that Lang survived and returned from the quantum realm, Hank Pym wonders if his wife is alive as well. later, Scott Lang meets up with Lois, who tells them that Sam Wilson the Falcon is looking for him. in the mid credit scene, Hank Pym shows hope a new wasp prototype suits and offers it to her. in a post-credits scene, Sam Wilson and Steve Rogers, Captain America, have Bucky Barnes in their custody. unable to contact Tony Stark's because of the Accords, Wilson mentions that he knows someone who can help. Noah guy, [Music], you 