welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode three. we start off with morgan, who has shaved his epic beard. no, it was getting a little scraggly. i guess probably for the best. remember, he's the godfather now for the new baby girl named after him. and his home base is here in this hidden damn valley village with the mother. morgan's ready to rescue his own pregnant girlfriend, grace, and the rest of his friends, bring them all down here to have a nice, happy settlement. and so to get ready for his fight with virginia, he's updating his weapon, combining the stick with the axe. oh, it's a long-handled stick axe. yeah. the rest of this episode focuses on al and dwight. the job virginia's given them is to go clear old settlements that have fallen and find out what happened. they wear body cameras so they can record everything, just like al loves to do. and they've been at it a while, they've made a game where they're collecting driver's licenses from every state, looking for that elusive alaska. this place was apparently a funeral home. and i was ambushed by an incredibly well preserved zombie, hair on point. meanwhile, al has a secret. she found the radio channel that her girlfriend from the helicopter is using and is listening in. dwight's like, yo, girl, i've probably lost my love sherry forever. if yours is still out there, you gotta go get her. of course, elle's girlfriend has orders to shoot anyone not already in the helicopter civilization on site, so that might be a problem. they head to a tall building downtown whose roof is apparently where she's gonna land in a little bit. and right outside they find a zombie from alaska. well, that's good luck. they find some graffiti here. the end is the beginning. yes, that's what the guys from episode 1 were painting on the nuclear submarine. so watch out for that. living in this building is a group of random survivors. they have a problem though, a bunch of them are sick right now. and al, who's a reporter been all over the world, has seen this before. all the rats in the building. yeah, this is literally the bubonic plague. it's like, yo, there's nothing we can do, unless we happen to find a bunch of antibiotics. these people are all already dead. so dwight now climb in the building, fighting off zombies, then climbing through the pipes where there's even more rats. al's being smart wearing her mask. dwight doesn't, though. and oh, he catches the plague. although they realized symptoms wouldn't show up that quickly. he probably caught it a few days ago when there was a rat in the sleeping bag. anyway, they meet up with the office leader. she's gonna help him get to the roof. they've got a bunch of zombies here. these are all the ones of her settlement that have already died. and they take them out together using random office furniture. she cries a bunch when she kills a zombie she was apparently pretty close to. and so al gives her the driver's license from alaska, because that was her friend, too. so now dwight now say goodbye. al's going to go try to convince her helicopter girlfriend not to shoot her, but instead fly off together into the sunset. dwight, meanwhile, is going to go find some antibiotics. while on the roof, i'll watch. is the video. goodbye. dwight left for her. and i guess these two have become bffs lately. so she's like, you know what, i changed my mind. she sets off a flare and contacts her girlfriend. like, hey, you don't want to land here. this building's got the bubonic plague. the girl doesn't really say anything, like she's happy to hear from al, because i think her boss is listening in. but she's like, hey, thanks for the heads up. there's beer in the cooler for you. and flies away. turns out there's not just beer in the cooler. there is a big old box of antibiotics. so she goes down cures everyone of the bubonic plague. it's like, hey, so should we join your group? it's like, no, you don't want any part of our group right now, but maybe if we escape virginia, we'll meet up later. on their way out, finds the rat cage and it's like, you know what, someone probably put these bubonic playgrass here on purpose. and it was probably the group that spray painted the end as the beginning, so watch out for that. just then someone reaches out on the walkie, hey, i saw the flare on the roof. what's going on? over there. dwight's like, wait a second. i know that voice. it is his wife, sherry. oh my goodness. he actually found her right at the beginning of the season. these two kiss passionately. an epic love story going back to the walking dead prime, when they were separated by negan and now reunited. and that's where the episode comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 