you ever work on something that you're extremely proud of, and then everyone else goes and tries to change it and add to it and profit off of it? I think that's what it feels like to be James Wan bro made the first two insidious movies, which, you know, I thought were decent. and then his writing partner, who is also the same dude who got locked away and saw kept it going. and it's like they're all pretty much just stream it's now. so let me explain in terms of the timeline. it goes chapter three, chapter four, chapter one, then chapter two, cuz dyslexia. the whole franchise is pretty much centered around Elise, who, in the third movie, had lost her husband due to a suicide, so she quit hunting ghosts. only came out of retirements cuz a girl named Quinn needed her help. and then she ends up partnering up with these two Mormons and eventually deals with the family from insidious one and two. but four, it takes place right before she deals with Darth Maul Ghul, as she has to face her worst enemy yet her childhood. we get a flashback to her house New Mexico, which, for whatever reason, is located on the sets of there will be blood. they got all these oil rigs going on 24/7, making creepy noises in the middle of the night. but worse than that is that the power in their house always goes out, because they live on 666 Green Mile, and the building where they execute people for the death penalty is right next door. baby Elise already has her powers at this point, so obviously she's being haunted by everyone who's dying there. and while her mama gives her love, the problem is that her dad hates it that she's always freaking out, and decides to always punish her, which, if you torture people for a living and you're a professional at punishing people, it's like getting spanked by a tennis player. the dude decides to throw her into the basement, where obviously ghosts are going to reside. and she comes face-to-face with the r.kelly junior ghost that was trapped in her closet. now, unlike the previous creepy ones, an insidious like the dead male bride or that creepy dancing boy, this one is practically a custodian like it's gimmick is that it has keys, four fingers. the dude is walking around like Arwen from Zack and Cody with a set of keys. but the ghost has absolutely no idea what it's doing. it does get baby Elise to unlock a door, which means that it gets set free. and it ends up hanging Elise's mom. but then, like I said, it's free, but never leaves the house. forward to 2010, which is the year before the first movie takes place. and she gets a call from a dude who's living in her childhood home. her being a sidekick, brings her sidekicks, meets the dude who bought this house even though everyone told him not to. and as a locking in her childhood bedroom, trying to figure out what the demon wants, she finds a Steamboat Willie whistle that the mom gave her brother saying, you know, just blow this whistle and I'll be there, and whenever you're scared, I'll arrive. well, she gets spooked that loses the whistle. at this point, let me say that this movie should really only be 15 minutes long. it just takes at least like 30 minutes to get to each room. she ends up in the basements here's someone with the whistle she just had, and finds a slave behind the door, like, not a demon, not a ghost, an actual human slave. turns out this dude who bought the house was reenacting, don't breathe, and had a slave girl in his basement. and the fact that he called people in shows that he was more scared of the demons than getting caught with a prisoner. at this point, I'm on the ghost side. I'm rooting for them to eat his soul and specs, aka Leroy. now, the right of the movie comes in, roaring like a lion, kills this witch with a wardrobe, and then it it turns out he was innocent. he was he was just being possessed by the key demon. so I'm back in the human side. they go to a diner, and Elise meets her two nieces, who she's never met before, and reunites with her brother, who obviously hates her. he vents about how she ruined his childhood because she was always freaking him out about monsters and all these crazy things he was seeing, only for her to run away and leave him with a real monster. their dad, deep stuff. we get a flashback of when they were teens and moment where she actually saw a ghost in the laundry room, which dun-dun-dun. also, was not a ghost, but an actual prisoner who her father had because he was kidnapping people and hiding them in the house. again, it was also the key monster possessing him, but nonetheless, that was something that happened. flash forward to the present time, and the younger niece gets lured into the basements where she gets straight stiff-armed in the face, no flag. and then key dude approaches her like that creepy spider doll from Toy Story, and uses his most sinister power on her. he meets her, I could use that power at least, goes into the further aka purgatory, aka the upside-down, to go find her knees, but then gets trapped and ends up in a time loop with her younger self from the intro of the movie. now, I always wonder, when you're in a position like this, why you just don't reveal everything to yourself, but I guess he then wouldn't have a movie. the older niece reveals that she too has the same powers as Elise. so, you know, they have a way to continue the franchise, goes in to save both of them in the further, and it turns out that the key Monster has this whole prison of souls that he keeps for his pleasure. and he tries convincing Elise by offering up her father, so that she can punish him the same way that he used to punish her. but she goes like, no, I I had the same scenario in the third movie, says, no. conveniently gets handed the whistle that the mom gave the brother. she blows it in the further, and the ghost of Elise's mom comes out of nowhere, karate chops key dude and saves a day. that may make you wonder, well, if the mom was always there, why didn't she come out earlier? is it like one of those scenarios where the moms looking at them going, sorry, honey, I see that you're dying, but I told you, you got to follow my rules. if you don't blow the whistle, I can't save you. they start walking back to the real world. when Elise passes the kid from the first insidious movie, trapped in a cellar like again, at least at one point, questions all she could have done something to save previous people. bro, you're looking at an innocent child that you just made eye contact with, locked up in a prison cell. I guess you got to leave them there, or else we won't get chapter one of insidious, which is exactly where this movie ends. not like a new scene, not like, you know, a different angle or a deleted scene to add to the context of the story. no, they legit. just rent the first movie off red box and let the scenes from that movie play at the end of this one. as a matter of fact, looking back at the third one, is they're practically the same endings. you have them trapped in the further and the third and the fourth, they have to call for their dead mother to come save them. she appears out of nowhere, defeats the demon. final scene is a lease on the bedroom, going to sleep, and then gets awakened by Darth Maul ghoul, teasing a movie that we already got in 2010. y'all gotta stop recycling. thank you guys for checking out this video. a bunch more rundowns coming your way. but if you have any suggestions on upcoming movies or shows, let me know down below. and also let me know what you thought of this masterpiece of the movie. the 1st of January, the month of cinematic achievements, 