I never respect you respect me. 52 Beast. I said, The Dark Knight Returns, my opinion, is one of the greatest graphic novels ever released. it massively changed perceptions on Batman. at the time. it sentenced so many of the values that we all true today. so it's a good thing that Frank Miller decided to do this prequel in completely popular. it was once a time when I viewed Frank Miller as a god. then something happened. at some point in the year 1999, he was kidnapped, killed, cloned and replaced with a being that our call bizarro Frank. bizarro Frank is the George Lucas of comics, the most evil being on the planet, who uses word like [ __ ] and guard down, every guard down. [ __ ] second. since then, bizarro Frank has moved heaven and earth to tarnish the legacy of his original vision. we've seen The Dark Knight strikes again. terrible. we've seen Holy Terror. [ __ ]. terrible. and now bizarro Frank is set to ravage his classic. The Dark Knight Returns with this piece of [ __ ] illustrated by John Romita Jr. it tells the tale of the faithful night that Jason Todd was murdered. but is it actually any good? ha, like you need me to answer that, but I will the let's dive into the Dark Knight Returns, The Last Crusade. my first question is, what's the [ __ ] point? when reviewing this, I just thought, why does this exist? but thirty years we've known what happened to Jason Todd when he died. and a Seminole story that and the family. we saw the Joker, the murder, the Boy Wonder. it's still heralded highly on several top-ten lists. it just seems like a pointless thing to write a prequel book about. it's more pointless than a broken pencil. it's more pointless than a Bible at an Isis training camera. upon initially reading The Dark Knight Returns, I never really needed the backstory as to how Jason died. no matter while right a thought of it could never match the second sadistic torture I dreamt up with a Boy Wonder. so I never understood why bizarro Frank needed to cover it. guess it's because he's god damn Frank, god damn Miller. he felt the need to delve into the backstory, but from the author, feels like a huge waste of time. it's been 30 years, and there's so much to cover in the Dark Knight universe, I'm really just baffled as why hit this one. we've seen it done a thousand times before. this is a bigger waste of time than having a [ __ ] after you've just had a shower. opening on a full page of blue and red lines, it really seems like lazy Frank Miller is back and full of that. after just reading Holy Terror and seeing how Frank uses pages of boxes to kill time, I began getting flashbacks. he seems to have transferred his consciousness into the body of John Romita Jr and forced him to act out his will, so he doesn't really have to describe what characters are doing on one page. Wow, Frank, it makes it really difficult to tell what's going on, especially for the opening. it makes you question which characters are talking, why you should care, you know, the normal problems that you face when trying to read it. George Lucas, I mean, Frank Miller story, huh? The Joker babbles some stuff about how signs is quackery. and how the maestro's have been fooled before getting thrown back into Arkham. I'm absolutely no idea what this means, and it just seems pretentious, or pretentiousness sake. however, Gotham grieves a collective side relief, knowing that the Clown Prince of Crime is locked up once more. News, News, News, News, a motif of the Dark Knight Returns was it's the terrible use of news anchors to provide exposition. they rear their head here again, but show no real insight or thought beyond a plastic cartoon character. one remarks that woman might be too young to be put in these dangerous situations. but it's just quickly dropped. I don't bring up the point if you're not gonna deliver on it. that kind of thematic carries on through the book. this is a book in which Jason Todd gets murdered. and rather than set up several warnings to Batman that he's acting hugely irresponsible, Lazaro Frank drops the main intrigue of the book. and almost as soon as he can bring it up, I wanted to see people question Batman. it would make him question himself. we know that not long after Jason's murder that he hung up the cowl. but why no one seems to be angry that he's putting a child in danger? it's not more bad. one of the aspects that I love is that fat Matt, it has a whole beating sense to him. he seems like a broken man. he, like everyone in the world, has to deal with the fact that he's not getting any younger, struggles to get up in the morning. and it shows a real vulnerable side to him. he's often painted out in other comic as an unbeatable vigilante, but here he just seems like crap. I don't think he wins a fight through the entire book. and it really invests you in the character and paints out the frailty of ambition and life itself all gonna die. there's nothing we can do about it, and there's nothing after it. it's really uplifting. the depth is quickly ruined when we travel back to Arkham. The Joker once again tells the story, this time about a boy born with a broken neck, whose perspective of the world was different because he never had a straight view of things. it's intriguing. it feels like it's setting up to deliver a huge punch line, but it doesn't. it ends with the Joker walking off mid-sentence. there's a huge buildup of tension, but release. imagine having a character named the Joker and he never tells a joke. instead, he tells the cell but it's so unfunny they can't think of any punchline. you have to feel like a pretty big idiot of a writer if he did that. whoever you are, I know it's you from the main part of the book revolves around Batman taking down poison ivy, which seems weird to like Jam is an adjacent cod death story. the rich men have Gotham flocked to her, wanting to do a bidding, whatever the cost, proper, proper. BDSM stuff, especially because Batman looks like he's wearing a [ __ ] mask. but I digress. only I would criticize the use of ivy. she's a very supernatural character, and the world that was depicted in the Dark Knight Returns is very grounded, except for Superman. the plant lady doesn't really belong in this universe. but here she does kind of showcase Batman's impotence, both physically and mentally. he's faced with a beautiful woman and is unable to properly perform. and that's kind of a metaphor for just how beaten he actually is. it's nice to know that even metaphorically, bizarro Frank still has its roots in prostitution. Robin takes AI me down. Batman barely makes it through the fight. and during this, the Joker escapes Arkham building. towards the conclusion, unfortunately, the climax is really depressing. and dull, Robin takes off into the night looking for the Joker. Bruce is unable to follow, just cuz he's had the crap kicked out of them. he's like a woman in a 50s eight kids, like, like throwing one of them mini sausages. now you get a Christmas down a train tunnel, not underground either, outside, you know, proper beat, that big, that beat. but I digress. Jason foolishly goes to take down the Clown Prince of Crime and his ambush beating, and then the story ends. that's it. it's over. just as things were getting good. I know that this was originally supposed to be a two part of it there's no follow-up? no, there's no follow-up coming because I know how lazy Frank Miller is. the sequel book has about as much chance of coming out as Tom Cruise does. so I can only judge this book on his own merits and not what could be coming down the line. and honestly, it's pretty crappy. and a joke that the Joker failed to tell earlier on in the book, this book fails to deliver on its main selling point, which is Jason Todd's murder. it really feels like it doesn't deliver the punchline. it's all set up to nothing. I wanted something that would rival death in the family. all I got was a death of my appreciation for the Dark Knight Returns. it adds nothing to the source material. and I wish bizarro Frank would just leave this property alone. so overall, this is a really disappointing story. the artwork is great and services it very well, but I can't really recommend a story that doesn't have a proper ending, just a beginning, a middle and then there. even as much as I like the original boot, perhaps this trade will be worth collecting of a sequel. ever does come out, but a Dalek will. so at the moment, I can only give it a 5 out of 10. so I'm gonna be doing this a road to the Dark Knight 3 series, where I review every book in the Canon of it. make sure you subscribe my channel, because they're coming. next is the dog Knight Returns. and then after that, I'm gonna do that you're the Dark Knight strikes again. and then after that, the Dark Knight 3. and you can check out my full of thoughts on that on my youtube channel and my website at definition Cola UK. thanks very much for checking out my video. take care. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music] 