welcome to slash forward. in this video, we're going to continue our saga of never-ending pain by examining the survival odds of a new batch of traps with the follow-up to saw saw too. be sure to hit that like button if you're starting to feel like jigsaw may be on to something. to start, i'll unpack the storyline to see what we can learn. let's get to it. we open in a dank cell where a man wakes up to discover himself the victim of a supra elective surgery. he cries for help as a screen powers on nearby. as the tube warms up, we see billy the puppet with a classic message, i want to play a game. turns out michael is a filthy snitch, and he's being graciously provided the chance to prove his worth, if he's willing to give up his precious eyeball. he's always going on about he'll find a key that will release the mask before it snaps shut, rendering his head useless. instead, he spazzes out, which is what trips the timer. but it allows him to reach the toolbox, but it only contains a scalpel. he tries to build up his courage with a pep talk, you've got this, you magnificent bastard. but he poops out quickly sealing his fate. we then meet up with officer matthews down at joovy to pick up his son, daniel. he tries to get him straightened out, but he's just such a sassy young boy. feeling bad about screaming directly into his face, he tries calling the next day to apologize, but gets the voicemail. he then gets called to a crime scene. carrie's there to fill him in on the vic about five nine caucasian, pantsless and possibly eric's informant, except he can't be identified by his face. luckily, eric knows his body and confirms it's him via tattoo. also, he has a familiar wound, giving them a general idea of what went down here. also, also, this one was personal, as the culprit left a bold message calling out matthews. back at the precinct, eric is pissed about how carrie dropped that big reveal on him out of nowhere, but she hoped it would entice him to help her with her case. despite his heavy workload, he sleeps on it, at which point a clue basically slaps his face, so he calls it in, and after consulting a map, they arrive with the cavalry for a daylight industrial raid. jon is inside enjoying his cup of noodles in a dean koontz novel, while the boys get themselves caged up in a stairwell. this first group gets shin boned and electrocuted, providing a good visual reminder for the next round of soldiers to take it easy and proceed with caution. but that was all he had in him, as john is soon bodily restrained. eric then gets up in his face, is this close enough? and celebrates way too early. so john leans back like, i'm a chill here while you deal with that adjacent room. they clear the room of danger, finding it to contain an entire radio shack's worth of equipment. the monitors reveal a remote location with an entire room full of potential victims, daniel among them. but as a bona fide hard ass eric immediately lays in with the threats, but gets nothing but playful taunts in return, and is informed that the occupants of that funhouse are sucking on nerve gas and have about two hours to live. back in the room, the group spent about 15 minutes of their precious time without even getting to introductions yet. and when it begins to dawn on them they've been kidnapped, things start to get heavy. when the final victim wakes up, we see it's her old friend, amanda, with a fresh new look. they all watch in amazement as she immediately begins rooting around to try to solve their escape room, and quickly unearths a tape player. the tape informs them they're breathing in a deadly nerve agent, and may earn their continued survival by solving puzzles and finding several doses of antidote lying around. they're in competition with each other, but also have a common thread that, if discovered, may help them open the safe and acquire some doses. but xavier is not into games, so he takes the forbidden key and uses it on the door, thereby eliminating the second eyeball thus far. amanda then gets put up against the wall, but explains she has an inkling of what's going on because she's lived through it before, and encourages them all to play by the rules meanwhile, the cops call in the tech boys to try to trace the feet. while they wait, jon asks for a clear room so we can talk one-on-one with eric, since he's already in more pain than they can inflict. eric agrees to start with the talking part, just to humor him. back in the torture room, while they look for clues, they find out they're playing with bumpers engaged, as the door eventually just opens on its own. despite their prior experiences, xavier is a lone wolf, and he goes to look for a way to bust out, while jonas advocates for taking it easy and trying to think their way through. as they work on that, eric saddles up to hash things out. in this interlude, we learned that jon takes a puzzle piece of skin from his victims to symbolize their missing survival instinct. he also lets on that he's well aware of eric matthews and his history of excessive force and shady convictions. while this is going on, xavier manages to nail bat the front door to pieces, but finds a sturdy metal framework behind it. seeing his chance to shine, jonas steps up to attempt to unravel whatever it is that connects them all. but is promptly interrupted when laura finds a door that opens. they all file downstairs and find a victim, or a doll or something. and it has a task for abi to redeem his life of lies and cons he can play a game for two doses. one for him is a thank you for helping to abduct the others, and another to hand out however he sees fit. he seems ready to go in, but they go ahead and threaten him for good measure. honestly, he seems a bit too fearless to be a jigsaw victim. i think i'm getting confused about the overarching philosophy here. he climbs right into the innocent incinerator and freely yanks the chain. with second dose, this closes and locks the door while also starting up the broiler. he burns slowly inside, as they learn outside just how hot fire can be. they managed to break out a window, but he dies halfway out, while his juicy cheeks are roasted like sunday dinner. back at the warehouse, eric is growing disappointed as he's subjected to a lecture on evolution. i've never murdered anyone in my life. while john relishes in the scent of his own farts. all of this was precipitated by him learning his own expiration date and desiring to help others get woke like him. he discovered the strength of his own frail body after testing his limits. then we get a little lost. and who is supposed to be appreciating whom's life between eric and his son, daniel. and all the while, time is running out at the house, the gang is still rooting around, trying to forget that their bodies are slowly falling apart. we learn that amanda is likely back due to not appreciating her new life again. but jonas interrupts them to let them know they found a new door with no lock. however, it is stuck. xavier forces his way in and predictably sets off a timer, and we learn this is actually his room. in order to find a key, before the door in front of them locks permanently, he has to descend into a pit of syringes. however, instead of proving himself the industrious loner, he tosses in amanda to sift through for him. she goes at it like an american ninja warrior, and somehow manages to find the key, but it's just after the timer runs out. she then crawls out looking like the most disgusting porcupine. as they all stand around awkwardly, the silence is broken when laura stumbles in and points out that it seems they've all been to prison at some point. but since this is getting a bit personal, xavier again follows his own path. time is really getting tight at the lair, and carrie keeps suggesting they let this thing play out. instead, they opt to push things along by threatening jon's work. as eric makes a huge show about throwing a fit, john calmly counts off eric's many professional transgressions. the tech team finally arrives, but before eric can join them, jon asks someone to retrieve a special folder from his work desk. it identifies the victims, and they all had been arrested by eric and convicted based on evidence he planted. meanwhile, xavier attempts to see if he can have a go at the safe. but after disturbing gus's corpse, he realizes they all have the numbers for the combination lock printed on the backs of their necks. jonas pops in real quick to show him what he ate for lunch, and then makes another attempt to appeal to xavier's better nature. instead, xavier attacks him for the privilege of reading his neck. and jonas does admirably against the younger, larger aggressor. unfortunately, he gets hit with another bout of gi bleeding and takes a nail bat to the back of the head. out in the hall, laura takes a breather, which puts her in direct line of sight of the x they've been looking for. the special surprise here is a picture of danny and daddy. this reflects unfavorably on him, which seems to hurt his feelings a bit. then, as laura bubbles out her final breath, addison decides it's time for her to spread her wings and fly. shortly after, the rest of them scatter when they hear xavier pounding down the hall yelling for them. he finds the cursed photo and tries to politely convince them to let him check their necks out. while brandishing a large knife. addison finds a fresh trap with a fun surprise in that plunger has been adhered to the bottom. well, only way to fix that is to reach in with the other hand. wait a minute, her screams attract unwanted attention, and xavier shows her just the right amount of affection to get her number. and then he leaves her in her pitiable state, with time nearly out. eric goes in old school style, employing brutality to extract information. it ends when he offers up a snack. and jon finally agrees to show him the house, but only him. so they take the secret rear entrance as the others stand there and watch. and it's right when the tech crew gets a lock on the signal. so everyone converges, presumably on the same location, where, at that moment the final two are attempting to hold off xavier. amanda notices blood draining into a trap door under the safe, so they take a chance on it and find a long hallway that they run down with xavier close behind. eric rolls up and is given a key to get in. he takes it pretty slow, but is feeling the pressure. there's evidence here that he is in the right place, but everything seems more desiccated somehow. and then the swat team arrives, but they don't run across eric and they're not showing up on the camera feed back at the lair, daniel and amanda get to the end of the road, which terminates in a familiar environment. when xavier catches up, amanda tries to barter for their safety by pointing out he needs them to read his number, threatening his ability to solve his own problems. and with nearly a reflective surface to be found, he demonstrates his extreme survival instincts. then he moves in on them, and we see danny was possuming and hack saws xavier's throat wide open. back with the swat team, they uncovered the control station, revealing the feed is not live, it was pre-recorded. eric then arrives at the final crime scene, horrified to find not a single living soul. and he's jabbed with a strong sedative. back at the lair, time runs out and a nearby safe opens. inside that safe, a young man permanently traumatized for the sake of teaching someone else a life lesson. with that, we return to eric, who wakes up to find a tape. the voice on it is amanda's explaining her origin story and how she's a disciple of old john kramer. now she ensnared eric in their trap to get revenge for what he did, or to teach him how to appreciate life, it's hard to say for sure. she then shows up with the glow up so he knows that she's doing all right, and then closes him into the dark. with that now established, let's get to the question of how to effectively navigate this ordeal. like last time, we have a few scenarios that pretty much result in an assured death. the part that's different about them is that in some cases, the victim could choose whether or not to even start the process. so while the trap itself may not have been intended to provide a way for an honorable scumbag to earn their way out of it, they could have still survived by sidestepping the whole thing. since you are obviously much more than an honorable scumbag, this bodes well for you if you were to find yourself in a similar situation going through somewhat in order. let's get the venus flytrap out of the way. we're starting to see a theme here with ripcord initiated timers. now, the victims wouldn't necessarily know to watch out for this, possibly. yet some of them were familiar with the jigsaw stories. and as the timeline goes on, some of these simple details may be considered common knowledge anyway. even in the not knowing, it still speaks to the wisdom of keeping a level head and assessing your surroundings. in this style of trap, i have a hard time presuming there's anything the victim could do other than mustering up the intestinal fortitude to go through with the task. unlike with the house, where they have a wide area to explore many possible options, these single room, single trap scenarios usually seem pretty locked down. there aren't really other objects to find or use, and all points of exit are pretty well sealed off. so yeah, he could take all the time he wanted in the beginning, but i'm not sure this would have gotten him much further than he got, other than providing the space to mentally prepare him to perform a surgery on his own face, which would be incredibly difficult to go through with. even if facing death, i think our brains would probably try to distract us with thoughts of possible alternatives to get out of having to make that final decision. it is easier to self-destruct through inaction than to make a proactive choice moving on to the house. this overall scenario seems like one designed to result in depth. i think a lot of the traps in here were fairly easy or relied significantly on luck. but beyond that, there wasn't a lot of substance here. the clues for the safe combo were presented at the beginning, and even if they could have focused long enough to figure it out, it's not entirely clear how much they would have gained from that. they still very slowly moved from trap to trap, failing along the whole way. the only means of escaping altogether was to get an antidote so you could live out the supposed timer that would release you from the house. but they spent most of their time scouring the hallways and looking for clues, rather than finding trap rooms and earning antidotes. first part of surviving this you have to play the game if you want to win it. so what did they find? there were two possible doses in the basement for abby's game. again, this one was easy. yeah, they were compelling him to go in and retrieve the doses, but there could have been other avenues to take. this setup is so simple, it's obviously a trap, and the clear intention is to lock him in. you could proceed carefully, test weight on the bottom, possibly look for something near you to jam into the door to prevent it from closing all the way. once inside, one dose was easy to grab. the other was more solidly connected to a chain. i can't for the life of me imagine why you would ever pull that chain. a few seconds of examination would reveal whether that syringe was viable. he also could have made that the dose that he used on himself by injecting it while it was still attached to the chain. and this is all preparation. you have to set yourself up for success on the front end, because once that door is locked, you're toast. on the subject of the basement, this area did not appear to be fully cleared out. it would be advisable to spend some time rooting around here for useful tools or objects. anything long and sturdy, like a broomstick or handle of any type, would be useful. also, any shorter metal tools could come in handy. there's a trick you could do with two wrenches to put lateral force on the shackle of a padlock, which it was not designed to withstand. it's an easy way to pop open any standard lock. and that seems like a handy trick. next is the needle pit. this is a game of pure luck. the instructions just said you were looking for a needle with a key on it. it didn't clarify. it'd be set up like a glow stick. if i didn't know there was a way to distinguish the correct needle and i was looking at this pit, i would have just moved on. i mean, these needles were dirty. as an alternative, you could use your broom handle from the basement to stir things up and see if that creates any opportunities for you. also, working backward, this is another game initiated purely by impatience. it was rightly pointed out not to trust door with no lock that seemed stuck. if he had simply held it partially open for one of the ladies to slip through, they might have been able to detach the cable without pulling the other end from the timing device. finally, we have the dual hand traps. this is probably the easiest one, at least it was for me. having gotten my hands caught in quite a few raccoon traps in my day, i know time was running out and people weren't thinking clearly. however, you can see through this acrylic box that the syringes adhere to the bottom. that alone should warrant a little care and consideration. other than that, there are two easy outs here. first one, obviously, would be to again employ the broomstick to push open the razor sphincter so you could safely reach in to carefully disconnect the syringe and get that sweet, sweet juice flowing through your veins. the other would be, once you've reached in and destroyed your life-saving antidote, don't reach in the other side. what were you even trying to do? just use your finger to push up and relax the sphincter and then retrieve your wrist. it's really not that hard. as a final thought, it should also be noted that xavier pointed out early on that they were just in a house, not a fortress. but after breaking through one door, he gave up immediately. did they assume they were inside a house that was fully wrapped in metal? why would they not have checked any other doors or windows, or, as xavier implied, go straight through a wall somewhere. there could have been impediments to this, but they did not explore the idea sufficiently to demonstrate it to be an unviable option. with all that said, i think it would be very reasonable to think that most of us could have found a way to acquire a dosage of antidote and comfortably wait out the timer. the odds of this are increased if you identify early on any characters like xavier, ensure you take them out of the game to prevent them from mucking things up. i genuinely hope you take this advice to heart, and i wish you well in any of your possible future trap endeavors. before we go, i'd like to give a huge thanks to my donors, memorialized in the hall of head shots. and as an fyi, i have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch any donation unlocks uncensored movie reviews of life force and under the skin, with others to be added over time. and if you enjoyed the video, i would love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 