[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and it looks like marble are trying to make Avengers and game the highest-grossing movie of all time, whatever it takes. with the movie being re-released in cinemas this weekend, I thought I'd break down everything we know so far to give you a better understanding of whether it's worth buying tickets for the film or not. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. I hope you enjoyed it. now, sit back, relax, and let's get into my breakdown of the New Avengers and game footage. okay, so whilst it was originally speculated that the new footage would center around Tony Stark meeting a teenaged Morgan, played by none other than Catherine Lankford, Marvel execs have come forward and denied this rumor. originally, the scene was in screenings for the film and took place just after Tony Stark completed the snap that wiped out Thanos and his forces similar to Thanos. upon carrying out the snap, Stark went to the soulstone, and in conversation with his daughter, he was told that it was worth it. however, those who had to provide feedback on the film in order for it to gets final cut said that some may find this confusing, and thus it was removed. unfortunately, it doesn't look like that scene will be returning for the theatrical re-release either, with Kevin Feige stating that the new post-credits scene instead focuses on smart Hulk. whilst we don't have exact details on this just yet, I think I can make a pretty educated guess on what this will entail due to what's been said in interviews by the Russo brothers. apparently, the scene is Bruce Banner focused, and now many think this will be more ancient one dialogue as actually a big scene that was originally cut from the film due to the Russo brothers struggling to think about how it could fit. this scene involves Bruce going through the transformation process that turned him into smart Hulk, and will follow his montage in the lab where he binds the two sides of his personality together as one. it's a nice little easter egg that did end up on the cutting room floor, but it's still something that I'm not exactly that excited to see. it was cut for a reason, and I think the straight editor seems smart. Hulk just sitting in a diner works far better. in addition to this, we also know that there will be a Stan Lee tribute that will make its way to the blu-ray, and then a three-minute clip of spider-man far from home, which has not been shown in trailers or promotional material. this is reportedly very similar to the scene at the end of ant-man, which was just a take from Civil War. and honestly, it kind of sounds like a lazy cash-grab to me that the studio are just putting in place so they can finally become the highest-grossing movie of all time. honestly, I think it's a kind of ripoff for fans. and was expecting a lot more from the entire project. because if this is what it is, then I don't really think it's worth returning to the cinema for. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on this reveal, and if you'll be going back to theaters to re-watch the film, or if, like me, just waiting for the blu-ray and DVD release. I've already seen the film three times theatrically. so yeah, I'm not too pumped for this. I don't think it's gonna add more. and if this is their big ploy to be avatar, then they probably don't deserve it, to be honest. I will of course, be doing another video later in the week once we have all of the details confirmed. but now it's it's just very disappointing reading it. comment below with your thoughts. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full spoiler breakdown of everything we know about spider-man far from home, which would be linked at the end. we go into full detail on the film. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 