yo, we're back, baby. recap raps, coming at you with the biggest superhero Throwdown of all time. Captain, America, Civil War. let's do it. 91 Siberia, word repetition. motorcycle accident. accomplished. mission. present-day Nigeria. Avengers, led by Captain, try to stop that guy from passing, until wanna take some drastic action. stuck remembers and time in December. so he tries to check the future with Foundation. September. Avengers Assemble, pairs with Oren banner land as our edge, fights against this giant stack of documents. the MacGuffin for divisive discussion to Peggy. Carter kicks the bucket, and we get to go to London. in Vienna, the Wakanda came prepared to sign the treaty. it's bone to little pieces that construct an angry kitty. in Bucharest, Bucky keeps a low profile, so captain intercept cement, and everything goes buckwild. rooftop Trudeau [ __ ] inconvenience motorists. everybody gets arrested. and the perfect euro trip. and invincible teams, putting past the scenes is more than just a theme. it's literally, Oh, drop Artie. Oh. [Music], before power plant bombs, emo changes Bucky's mindset. cap brings him back for this awesome bulging biceps. [ __ ] he comes to warns about his former thug. light, I'll have to build a team. lucky Falcon knows a bug. guy, Tony knows a bug. guy. Peter Parker, oh, hey, good to see you again. but mostly your aunt's home a capital e equipped with the kiss room. Carter's niece. now, it's time for the battle that we all came here to see. American heroes at a German airfield. strategic reveals. Spidey borrows caps shield, power kicks him in the face. baby. now we're in a free-for-all. everybody gets involved in epic super people brawl, which crafts fire power everyone looks hard to beat. web slinging, shape-shifting head lasers, archery. Romanovs switches sides. cap and Bucky hit the sky. vision shoots up, and I Brody somehow doesn't die. not a real winning team when you're down a war machine. wasn't just a fight scene. it was literally Oh, from our team. now they're driving mr. Park long time. [Music], right now come on, master prison. struck a dolphin. get priorities in order. then it's back to Mother Russia and some frozen Winter Soldier. Captain Bucky reminisce before they infiltrate the premises. make amends with Tony. he don't want to be the Nemesis now. we're all friends. get the villain and we're done. but first watch on videos from 1991. Panthers on the prowl, seeking Bucky, seeking Benjen. when he finds out teemo did it, he's on suicide prevention shield. hot potato. man, this beating could go all night. [ __ ] he's got him pinned until Tony makes him alright. backs back hard. cap still shows this bar. then he breaks Tony's heart. courtesy of Howard Stark. Zemo cotton locked in a high voltage plank. cameo delivery address to Tony, staying in a heartfelt letter. Cavs tries to poo the air. I promise, if you need us, maybe I'll be there. so it seems cap still got a team. oh, snap. bonus scenes. post credits, by the guns. [ __ ], he doesn't trust himself. crying, sleeps. the answer tucked inside the jungle and protected by the panther. back in Queens, Peter Parker got a nifty little start gift setting up. whose body got so may still got it. that was Captain America's Superbowl. this recap. rats, remember the gel friends are fighting because sign and a hashtag. smokebomb. sup. guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, let us know in the comments what you want to see us do a recap of next. also, be sure to check out these other dope videos of ours. and as always, be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest warp zone content, now coming at you Tuesdays and Thursdays. I'll see y'all next Tuesday. what's on out 