welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who's just like loki, because i'm your brother from another mother. what is happening? youtube, it's been what feels like an elf sage, and i'm so hyped because episode 1 of the disney plus show is now out worldwide. in this video, we're going to be breaking down the story, easter eggs, things you missed, and also giving our theories on where the show could be going in the future. now, the series feels like it's going to be heavily based on several graphic novels starring the god of mischief. these include vote loki and loki, agent of asgard. the latter seems like it's inspiring the basic premise of the show. and in that we pick up at a point where loki's reputation has spiraled out of control. because of this, he's unable to escape from being called the bad son, the bad brother, the worst youtuber that keeps banging on about mephisto. and he's one of the most hated people in the marvel universe. however, when he dies, everything changes, and he's reincarnated into a younger body. loki becomes an agent of asgard. and the old mother tells him that for every good deed he performs, that a bad one from his past will be struck up the list. the old mother appears as three heads at one point, and this may have been adapted into the timekeeper monuments that we see dotted throughout the century, though they are also their own characters. now in the book, he attempts to get the sword of sigurd, which is the manifestation of truth. and along the way, he runs into mephisto. i'm not, i'm not even gonna go down that path again. now he also faces off against another version of himself, which this show is clearly setting up. both that book and vote loki feature alternate versions of the character, which, of course, plays into the idea that there are several variants of loki running around. now one thing that you have to understand about the incarnation that we see here is that he's only appeared in two mcu movies at this point. in this entry, we also come face to face with the tva, or rather, the time variance authority. so far in the mcu, we've dealt with a lot of agencies such as shield and sword. but whereas they dealt more with the big three, the tva are sort of time cops. however, they're also bureaucrats, obsessed with rules and regulations. and we very much get this idea throughout the episode at several points. first name dropped in issue 372 of thor the group later went on to have a much bigger part in issue 353 of the fantastic four. here they arrested marvel's first family for crimes against time travel. and we also learned a lot more about them. it was revealed in that issue that the tva operated in an old time zone, and we met one of their high officials, mobius. and mobius played by owen wilson in the show. the character is so secretive that i couldn't even find an entry for him in the marvel encyclopedia. however, the internet furthermore shows why it's superior to reading books. and i've copied his wiki to make it seem like i know what i'm talking about. he was put in charge of the fantastic four, but after they escaped, he was demoted. he's also worked with the kang dynasty and was one of the head judges during she-hulk's trial, something that may or may not come up in her spin-off show. now, the name mobius first appeared in the mcu during endgame, when tony used a mobius strip to solve time travel. and that movie massively plays into the show. the avengers mess with time in that movie. and though steve went back and closed off most of the branch timelines before finally getting rid of that b chord, loki is a definite offshoot. the timekeepers, too, come from the comics, and they were created by he who should not be next, sorry, he who remains. this was the last time keeper, who placed them at the end of the universal cycle so that there would be beings who would avoid repeating the mistakes of the past. now, the episode itself picks up during the events of endgame, namely the moment that loki managed to escape before the rest of us had to deal with 2020. now we get a scrolling through the years to 2012. and this title chord is used throughout the episode to denote when we're in a certain time period. there's an added shot here that wasn't an endgame in which we get a close-up of loki to bring more focus to him. loki grabs the tesseract, and we cut to the marvel studios logo, which turns green, a color that is, of course, synonymous with loki. now from here, we jump to the gobi desert in mongolia to watch as loki crashes into sand dunes after teleporting there. this shot of him flying through the air and then sitting up in the sand with scraps around him is very similar to when tony first escaped the cave, all the way back in the first iron man film. i feel like this is done on purpose here, as the two shots carry the idea that they were characters heading down the wrong path, but both were given a second chance and a shot at redemption. again, it's like poetry, they so sorry, wrong franchise. now, just before this shot, we see a drop of water hanging off a rock. and the way that a bug appears inside of it and then crawls out, i feel has some symbolic meaning. this very much seems like a metaphor for the show and how at this point we are very much bursting out of the bubble and into exploring the multiverse. in the mcu, natives to the area arrive and loki quickly rushes to a rock to tower over the top of them. the character is still obsessed with ruling, and as we learn in avengers during his conversation with thor, he very much sees himself as being above everyone else. however, loki is knocked down a pekka two by the arrival of the minutemen, who come through a doorway to take not only the tesseract, but also the god of mischief. they're led by hunter b-15, who, if you're a fan of this channel, you might recognize from our lovecraft country breakdowns. or maybe we're just a fan of the show, guys. let's be honest, we're not that big yet. now, she calls him a variant. i think we've all heard enough about them lately. b15 lights up a disintegration stick that we see her use throughout the entry, and we also saw something similar being used by the grandmaster and thor ragnarok. however, instead of killing him, she instead stuns him into moving a sixteenth of the speed of normal time in order to strap a collar on him that basically allows them to rick and morty him back to a certain point in order to destroy all evidence that he was ever there. the minutemen set up a temporal charge, and the mysterious loki figure at the end of the entry grabs one of these. to no doubt, caused some mischief in the animation. we later see it shows that these completely wipe out entire timelines. so sorry guys, but they've just made you. terence howard. now, loki is taken through a doorway, and when this closes, we can see some tiles with a regular circle patterns on them behind him. this pattern too appears in the carpet of the court. and it might be a subtle nod to the timelines and branch realities being out of whack. and it might also be a reach. now, when loki is brought in, if you look to the right, you can see a scroll. and after showing up in captain marvel, far from home and one division, it's clear that these are starting to populate the mcu more and more. we are, of course, ramping up to secret invasion. so them slowly starting to slot them into the shows and movies, is teasing towards that. the son of a board member at goldman sachs is brought in, and he's later wiped out. now, the tesseract is handed over to kc. and when the show was first being promoted, i did think that the fact logie had taken an infinity stone would have been the reason why the tva were after him. in endgame, we learned from the ancient one that removing one from the time stream caused severe issues. and she gave a demonstration of the timeline with branched realities that did somewhat look like the one we see in this episode. however, the infinity stones are actually meaningless to the tva. and they're even used as paperweights, showing how much more powerful the agency are than anything thanos could muster. when you think about it, they pretty much have all the power that the stones do anyway, and they're able to alter time reality, bring people back to life, travel across space and so on. loki is put through the ringer, putting clothes made to sign waivers, and also put through the metal detector of death. he falls through floors the entire time, which could be another thor ragnarok, when strange had him falling for 30 minutes. at one point he comes across a printout of everything he's ever said and this seemed pretty light for a dude that's lived for thousands of years. probably talked more in this video than he has his entire life. but there's also a cat that appears on a mug. and i really hope that this is revealed to be a flirkin or or something else. now, when we see the robot terminator, you can also catch some silver scorch marks on the side, and i hope we learned that a version of ultron or something was passed through here. interestingly, we can see that loki's aura is red. and typically this is thought to represent an energetic and fiery personality, which he definitely has. he's sent into a queue, and here we're introduced to miss minute before we get the animated exposition done by her. you can also catch a poster saying, behave, or you'll get your clock cleaned. this has a picture of her american history exiting someone. and as we see, she doesn't mess around. from here we're told about the multiverse war that took place between the countless timelines as they all battled for supremacy. these wars have appeared throughout the comics, and things like the infinity conflict, the eternity war and so on. however, it's most likely a reference to secret wars, which several leakers and scoopers have said is coming down the line. now what i think it's doing is hinting that the multiverse war is coming again, and that the events of the show will end with loki somewhat starting one. the show could potentially kick-start a war across multiple dimensions and realities. and i think this animation is put in at the start to tease what's coming down the line when the tva are no doubt defeated. now the animation has several different styles to it, pulling from the 70s marvel cartoons and also things like the flintstones during one of the potential offshoot explanations. we also see what i believe might be the cree war. in the background, you can make out what i think might be a spiral from titan. and they may have even been waging war on thanos home. anyway, i love this video, and it shows that the time keepers are pretty much worshipped as gods. loki refers to them as lizards at one point, which is likely a note to the conspiracy theory of lizard leaders that state several members of the royal family and freemasons are shape-shifting lizards that wish to form and control humanity. dinosaurs also came before humans did, so it makes sense that the first kind of life forms would be reptilian. now, the tva's biggest worry is that a nexus event is created. and this terminology first popped up in age of ultron, at the point where all information on the internet flowed through. however, the term also appeared at several points in one division. and wonder herself is actually a nexus being, which means that she's the same person across every dimension. loki isn't, hence why we're seeing several different variants of the character. later on, we do see a poster saying, nexus events must be phoned in. so we know that locking them down is of great importance. there's zero tolerance here. and after the sun of a goldman sachs banker is wiped out, we cut to the title chord, which has a devil sign it. i'm i'm not going that route. i'm not. now, if you're enjoying the video and all the devil in the details, then i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. if you're not subscribed, then make sure you do. as we're going to be doing breakdowns on the show each and every week, and you will miss one. yeah. if if you don't, i promise you that now jumped off. you don't. you don't want to miss it. now, jump to france, 1549, and we see that a loki variant has been running wild. in this space of a week, they've carried out six attacks. and we see that a local layer has been given a stick of blueberry kablooey. kablooie means splat, and it kind of hints to what the evil loki variant is doing. this product doesn't actually exist, but there is another make of kablooey, which has a slightly different spelling. i think that the show is going to be exploring things like the mandela effect, and items like this would be the perfect way to do that. the child says that the devil did it, and points to an image of the devil. and i mean, i mean, come on, guys, the the they've literally pointed out the devil and said they did it. mephisto confirmed. now, it's more just a reference to how loki is a mischievous god, much like lucifer, who is, of course, known for playing big tricks. and i promise i'm not going down that route again. now, loki is taken to time court, and we hear him being called loki love. his son, thor's surname is odin son, but as we learned, loki is a frost giant, so he doesn't have the same name. he's judged by gugu mabatharo's character, who is ravana and slayer kang. and the conqueror loved her. and it is possible that he will be popping up in the show at some point. as we do know he's being played by jonathan mages, who you may also know from lovecraft country, if you watch this channel, which why don't you? now, the central head on the timekeepers, it does sort of look a lot like kang. and though i don't think that it's him, potentially, he could be taking inspiration from this deity. however, another theory i've been thinking about quite a lot is that the timekeepers might not actually exist, and then it could actually be kang who's behind it all. kang is a big villain that manipulates time. and as no one ever actually sees the timekeepers, i think him being behind it all would be a nice little twist. now we can see that the logo of the tva is a face with what looks like an hourglass in the middle of it. this is also a bit like the infinity symbol, potentially tying in with time and the idea that they exist in the infinite beyond it. now, shouts to my editor, christian, for noticing that. in the tapestries, we can also make out what looks to be stan lee. since his death, marvel have said they're using more sophisticated ways to put him into their projects. and this has included a magazine cover, in the venom 2 trailer and a license plate in one division with his birthday on it. i couldn't find him in falcon in the winter, soldier, so let me know below if you spotted him, but i do think that this is definitely how they're paying tribute to him. here, loki believes that he would have become a god king, and this is a nod to the comics in which he was called that. he also says that he could smell the cologne of two tony starks, which is a nod to when ant-man remarked on his axe body spray. we learned that the avengers were always meant to reverse the snap, and this is why the tva didn't intervene in the events of endgame. loki pleads guilty and tries to warp his knives, in which we've seen the character do in several movies. however, they don't work, hinting to us how powerful that the tva are. mobius stands up and says that he needs him for his insight, for which we discover involves hunting an alternate version of him. you also see for the first time the tva headquarters. and the city itself looks like it's designed to resemble the inner workings of a clock. in the center of it, we can see the timekeepers holding up a display of the time stream. so i think when things eventually go haywire, that this shutting down will send the entire location into a panic. probably be a bunch of idiots like loki, though, that don't think it's real, and will not get into that. loki says that this place is a nightmare. and as you guessed, it nightmare confirmed. now next we see the buttons on an elevator panel. and they all have alphanumeric codes on them, except for the middle column, which contains an x and an o with a line through it. this could be hinting towards the x-men existing off in their own dimension. and let's hope marvel don't pull another boner when introducing them to the mcu. now, mobius introduces himself, and loki says that he doesn't like to talk. mobius retorts this by saying that he likes to lie, and that because of this, he does like to talk. loki being a liar is something that's well known throughout the universe, and agent loki played on this in several ways by having book titles like trust me. but loki also dealt with him running a campaign based completely on lies, so he'll probably end up becoming the leader of a country. now, mobius somewhat interrogates loki, and he says that he wants to rule mid god, but it becomes clear that he also wants to oversee the nine realms. he thinks that free will just leads to regret and bad choices. and in avengers, he, of course, mind controlled several people in order to strip them of any agency. mobius plays different events from loki's life, including the moment in which the avengers captured him. to this loki, it would have happened mere hours before, so this is why he turns away upon seeing it. mobius also drinks just a energy drink which no longer exists. this was created by pepsi, but it was discontinued. now i do think that several items we see at the tva hq will be things that either are no longer produced or that come from the future. and this is a nice little prop to show how they can drop in and out of time. mobius played several things from his past, including a big reveal that he was actually db cooper. in case you don't know the case of db cooper, it's one of the biggest unsolved mysteries in american history. and the real life figure ended up hauling a boeing 727 hostage. db collected two hundred thousand dollars in ransom and dived out the back of the plane to never be seen again. all that was found were some crumpled bills. and when loki is teleported out there by heimdall, we can actually see some of them remain behind, which is a further nod to the mystery. now it turns out that he lost a bet with thor so he had to do this. and hopefully we get the reveal that loki was involved in some of the world's biggest mysteries, like what happened to the crew of the mary celeste and who hacked the psn store. now mobius plays not just his past, but also his future in the mcu, including how his actions led to the death of his mother. this really breaks loki, and i think it's this moment of self realization that makes him see he has to choose a different path. the acting is stellar in these scenes, and it really shows a sight of the god of mischief that we don't get to see. time is getting short as the tva have lost another unit, and we see that loki has stolen mobius's time twister. to return back to the lobby, he follows a clerk called casey in order to get the tesseract. and in his office we see several old ibm typewriters. casey is unaware of what a fish is, showing how sheltered some of the workers are. it's here that we find out they have several infinity stones, which also gives a nod to the power of the agency. now we did learn an endgame, that removing one from the timeline has disastrous effects. and it is possible that after thanos destroyed them at the start of the movie, that the tva puts spare ones in their place. thus the universe could stabilize. and it would also mean that they can pop up again once more down the line. the tesseract itself is, of course, an infinity stone, and the fact that it still exists does hint to them potentially returning. b15 misses with her disintegration stick, and we see the effect of it is very similar to the temporal grenade at the start of the show. it shows that when someone is struck with one, it very much erases them completely from existence. loki uses the time twister to return, and he begins to watch his entire life. just seeing the reaction to his father calling him son completely breaks him. and him learning of his death is absolutely incredible. he handles it in a much different way to what thanos did, and it shows the humanity that's starting to develop within him. hiddleston really brings his acting chops here. and it's a great scene in which he realizes he can be a hero and that his brother does love him. loki is massively changed by his death at the hands of thanos. and this version was, of course, just recently working for him. so no doubt, he comes to the realization of what would be in store for him should he continue to try and rule. loki frees himself and easily bests b15, using the time twister to his advantage. this, of course, shows how he's slowly getting to grips with being a member of the tva. now, the word time twister actually pulls from marvel comics 2. and originally these were villains that thor faced off against. they were actually the first attempt by he who remains to create the timekeepers, but they were extremely flawed and tried to destroy the universe. loki explains to mobius that everything he does is a desperate play for control, and though he sees himself as a villain, that it is possible to change. after coming to the conclusion that if he returns, he's doomed, and that the tva is all-powerful, he enlists in their ranks, and we jump to selena, oklahoma, 1858 to see a loki varian attacking the minutemen. the character steals a temporal charge and will likely be using this to eradicate each and every one that they can. now there are, of course, a lot of theories floating around about who this character is. and i love how they keep their face hidden in order to keep us guessing. in ancient asgard, we do meet an older version of loki, who is still a villainous version, controlling it all. and potentially they could be popping up in the season. there are multiple versions of loki in the marvel universe, and this includes kid loki, which is an even younger version of the character. well loki, who we have of course seen in the trailers, lady loki and king loki, who has popped up in the teasers too. now i will say that i have seen episode 2 already, as that got sent out for review along with the first one. i think it would be disingenuous for me to be like, well, this is who i think it is, and for them to pop up down the line as we get more clues. and i'm actually curious to see whether other youtubers acknowledge this or just pretend that they don't know who it is in order to get a fanty rewrite. i'm not going to spoil too much, but if you've seen the trailers, you kind of know what we're in store for. and yes, it is mephisto. now i think that we will very much be dealing with loki investigating alternate versions of himself, potentially every episode. and this will somewhat shape the variant we follow into becoming the main one who outlives the rest. it's even possible that the one in infinity war could somewhat be a version of a loki, and that he faked his own death in order to control the events of the show. anyway, lots to talk about, and let me know your theories below. now, as for my thoughts on the episode, i feel like this first entry is probably the second in my ranking for the pilots so far, out of all the mcu shows. falcon and the winter soldier had a brilliant first episode, and one division was a bit meh, to the point that they had to release it with two episodes. so i feel like this slots into the middle of that. now, whilst it sounds like i could be slugging off. actually really enjoyed it. and loki is the first character to carry an entire show on his back. whereas he others like falcon, winter soldier, wonder and vision, they were all sort of side characters coming into their own. loki is one of the most beloved people in the fan community. because of this, i was instantly on board from the start. i really think that this episode managed to show the best elements of his personality and how good of an anti-hero that he is. he's a complete dick, but he's also so lovable, like another massive idiot around here, that i can't help but smile when he's basically just doing things for himself. i really enjoyed this episode, and disney plus has got another solid show on their hands, by the looks of it. whereas both one division and falcon in the winter soldier sort of had to keep the status quo so that people could jump from end game into the next set of movies without getting lost, loki can really do anything. there's no rules or setup that he has to abide by in order for things to still make sense. and because of this, they have a lot of potential to explore interesting avenues with the multiverse and branch timelines, loki can really do whatever he wants without affecting the main one. and it means there's a lot of surprises that the show could have in store. again, i really enjoyed it, and i can't wait to see what comes next. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize store on the 30th of june, in which we're giving away three copies of the mcu phase 3 box set. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavy spoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of sweet tooth, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the first season of the netflix show. it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sticking to the video. i'll be ball. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 