[Music], welcome to the drama behind the scene show. I'm your host. definition. and it looks like it's not just regular people who are still disappointed with the way that the finale of Game of Thrones went down. at July's San Diego comic-con, Seth Rogen, who was part of a panel to discuss his work on preacher and where the show was heading in the upcoming season, recently ripped into right as DN D and yeah, a just completely tore them apart. the preacher panel was due to take place after the game of Thrones, one in which writers D and D were going to answer questions alongside the cast and talk about the process behind the show. however, they both cancelled last minute, probably because of the backlash that circulated around it this year. and this left a lot of people involved with the organisation of the event in a bad situation as they had to scramble together scheduled to try and work something out. needless to say, this angered a lot of fans, most notably Seth Rogen, who had the following to say about the two and the show's ending following the game of Thrones panel, which is a [ __ ] nightmare. just objectively. I also know that there are owners didn't show up because they didn't want to answer questions about the show. I have bought one of the creators of Game of Thrones, but I am the creator of other TV show, so feel free to ask me any Game of Thrones questions. you guys head throughout the night. I'm not an expert. I didn't read the books, but I watched the show, so I can give you my insights and thoughts. just as to see what series finale is gonna be more satisfying. preacher, Game of Thrones, I think, hopefully I won't be. I'm here at least. so I think that's also like to say, if I would imagine those guys regret making brand the King, because ultimately he doesn't have the best story. and that's [Laughter], give you buy take. I don't know for sure. I've met them a couple times there guys. why did Aria wear a face again? yeah, yes. you learned all that face. [ __ ]. where'd it go? what you do with those faces? it is sad that it's over. it's weird that it's over. is it going on? do you think that they made a mistake by not having Jaime Lannister, killer. see. you don't want to follow these people over three years, even over six years in front they trapped in the rubble Khan. anticlimactic. anyway, are we gonna get to see Jesse Custer fly in on a dragon? I wasn't gonna make a joke about how you look like Woody Harrelson, but now I'm going, because you made that -. alright, don't do one of those things cuz it's because it ends. it's over. you mean, if we put us in a weird position, if you guys now made like a petition to save creature because it's over, and we don't, and we would have to do some other thing, which would be super, it would be hard for us. you will reshoot the last season, right? we're gonna crowd source the reshooting of the final episode. man, I just found this hilarious, to be honest. like, the petition thing absolutely killed me, in him talking about we shooting the final season, which is, of course, massive news stories from a couple of months ago when the show was out. and I'm just really glad that more people with platforms are kind of coming forward and voicing how bad they thought it was. instead of just the fans, as this kind of gave some of the cast the hump, and they slammed a lot of people who had supported the show for the best part of a decade, and called them toxic, even though a lot of them were offering up legitimate criticism. honestly, it's good that someone in a position like Rogen is calling out D&amp;D, because this was getting hyped up as the panel where everything was supposed to be finally cleared up. but the fact that they know showed it really just cements that they don't have respect for anyone's opinion if it's negative. they were kind of showered with praise for 10 years, and then as soon as people lobbied a bit of negativity towards them, it made them run for the hills. I actually think it's a worse look for them they didn't show up, as had they went to comic-con and stood behind the final season, that most people probably would have respected it. but now it's just another big controversy that surrounds the entire season. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this clip, and if you think Rogan was in the wrong for addressing it, or if you stand by what he said, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the huge San Diego comic-con Marvel panel, which would be linked at the end. I go over all of the announcements. so it definitely worth checking out if you want something to watch after this, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see over there after this. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 