I'd steer clear if they headed that tree there. gents. hey, what's up preacher fans? I am totally bummed out the season two is over. but don't worry, I went back and re-watch some episodes because I can't get enough of Cassidy. I just remember that time. I'm honestly, it feels like ages ago. now, we were talking about the kinis and hang clothes. just get into trouble to me. that's all. that's for not bowing down to lord Jesse. by the way, quick trivia question for you guys at home, do you know how Cassidy was turned into a vampire? let me know in the comments below, or on twitter at ryan arcpy. so Jesse's bestest bro is 118 years old, but he sure doesn't act as age. he's a morally corrupt sidekick with an insatiable appetite for booze, drugs, women and of course, blood. before we dive into the best of Cassidy, be sure to hit subscribe so that you don't miss any of our other videos on preacher Rick and Morty channel zero. and much more like a road trip, my book, it's a gum sex and drugs and shady characters dressed in bikinis. yeah, I imagine that would be a bit of an I'm in dog. 17,000,000 circumcisions every year, did the report. and that's just in this country. think you know why, Cassie, I don't want to 70 million baby boys, far skin right? severed. Harris played off somebody. the bloody warehouses. you don't want to know what they're using for. who's the bank as it if they really cares. it's a big business. I know this is your first night together and quite a while, so I'd imagine you have plans of a romantic nature. it's fine. no, yes, I just, I had to be a tow for you. no, you're not, no, listen, an environment. when you're poor, you got your folks there shagging away, right? and top, you like lunatics, practically. yeah. the grunting, rocking back for it's nice. you learn to sleep fruit. all right. I'm not gonna be an issue. it's not a problem for me. thanks guys. there's three possible explanations here. number one, John Travolta, you know the movie where he gets his toe from a brain tumor? number two, Jason Bourne gets a spur from a secret confrontation. see or. and it's the least likely, but it's my favorite scenario. you're a Jedi. now, assuming it's not number one, how unbelievably starved for we huh? a preacher, you lousy can sorry, but I see in the nose he came. as long as you're not walking around with little kiddies [ __ ] around your finger like a bloody wedding ring, it's hey, we're ahead of the game. what the bloody hell happened there? shotgun, trash killed. so he's walking the earth for the first leg and Eversole shirt red. however, we need Genesis back now. Genesis. what? like the bloody band? it's a terrible live. I'm a right-handed Sagittarius. they love Chinese people. I had never seen the Pacific Ocean, and I think that the big lebowski. Zorba writers, nice try. this is HBO. no one's made of money. gand or. I even Dinklage faced business. Christ skin, skin grafts. we know the reported foreskin into skin grafts. it was on The Oprah Winfrey Show. and they're putting it into the defense creams. you all use the garden hold up. they do not put foreskins face cream. yes, they do. it helps goodie collagen, or something like that. Jesse, that is a lie. you feel us? anybody for skins on you let you faint. it's little door yummers, seeming skin, see? and that's how we hockey. she's kind of, think about us. I met Jesus. do you mean Jesus, Jesus, or just some random Latino man? no, Jesus Christ. they saw my tea sheets are silky bastards. a they think a couple of hundred foreskins gone into me at all. sees good. you know, everyone says it's not supposed to make sense, like that's the whole point to and I'm just saying, you know, that's like an excuse for lazy storytelling. just don't sell me shiz and tell me it's called alright. they may be stored, but I'm not high. I mean, actors, Thank You. moon has a huge sense. you know, I went to Atlantic City ones for the waif of a Russian gangster, right? honestly, she was lovely, but Atlantic City turns out to be not much more than a shack of shite. so, you know, you know, I make mistakes. totally your best ingredients here, heroin rock, cocaine, lemon juice, mineral water, tap water. these days, who knows what, seven. you know what I mean? no, one time I took quite a bit of Angie girls, and then they drank a neat pack of red boom. winds will be the concert. honestly, this is crazy. note, that's the end of Steve Buscemi. days of a hearse. hey, you scatter his ashes. go back to ballin. I mean, what's the bloody point? what? you know, you were the only person in this entire planet who doesn't like that movie I saw. true. it's a, it's a very controversial film. agents, this woman last night, she told me about a secret organization designs from world domination. you know about that? yes, I'm sure. which one is it? Zog Rosicrucians, reptilians, secret society of alien lizards. the impersonate celebrities in an attempt to take off the planet through popular culture. is that it? no, right. my name is Hester I Khajoor on. attractive. I'm sorry. I just like this for his face. and I just had the thought, said it out loud. hello. they didn't want that is the feel self-conscious. gonna have, we're both blur twister. we could go someplace where. I hear Vancouver's Gretchen. oh, it's got good math and nice hiking. it was drinking river water. the unicorn honestly stood under the stars. it's just beautiful scene. regal, majestic creature. he was thirsty. well, yeah, it's good fluffing around with it. an enormous horn on its head. you know, I can only imagine the dehydration without you that crack. yeah. and how do I find a way of saying this without hurting your feelings? my god, it's hypnotic, isn't it? like a school bus crashes. they just, I can't take one. so what do we do now? fence your shag or Horace, hold hands or something. they were watching us this whole time. who the man in white star? Jesus God. I wait a pastor badges in here. guys. thank you so much for watching. what is your all-time favorite Cassidy quote from the show? let me know in the comments below, or on Twitter at Ryan Eric P. thank you so much for following us all season long, and we'll see you soon. 