listen, the mule has to be the funniest movie, just out of the reactions of it. like some people have come out of this movie furious, saying to pay attention to anyone who's given this movie a positive review, because it's telling of who they are. and then I go look at them, and it's like, from the most literally Jewish people out there. obviously, people are gonna find politics and everything that they see. but as a Mexican cartoon I find it hilarious when certain people want to bash a movie to defend us minorities, and then they also want to tell us minorities out of feel about it, brah, you are worse than the movie. y'all the people who like get out, not realizing get out was about you. now, I'm not saying this to defend the muon claim that Clint doesn't come off as a racist in this movie, because Clint Eastwood was literally one stereotype away from getting every single ethnicity out there. and I kind of feel like you took the Adam Sandler approach. if you don't Adam, this dude practically goes on vacation with his friends, and then he just shoots a movie while he's there so he can have his old trip be tax deductible. and it kind of feels like Clint Eastwood took a page out of that book and where he made a movie that allowed him to say and do everything he ever wanted to do. let me explain. so this movie's actually based off of a true story that the New York Times covered about a dude who broke bed and started transporting drugs for the Sinaloa cartel, led by el chapo himself. in the real life case, they called him fat bass, since he was like the grandpa of the group. but it was that exact thing that allowed this dude to deliver over 200 kilos of cocaine at a time. like this dude was making around a grand per each kilo. and he did this for damn near a decade before he got caught. so Clint stars and directs himself as the 88 year old daylily aficionado who was on top of the world because everyone loved his plants. like in the beginning of the movie, they show him skipping his daughter's wedding just so he can go to a daylily convention where he had the woman pollinating themselves. but then the internet happens. now, I love Clint Eastwood movies, right growing up with them, they were some of my favorite movies. I loved most of his westerns. his directing style and approach with these movies, I thought was fantastic. but even as a fan of Eastwood, I can straight-up admit that you can feel the script cues when you're watching the movie on screen. like, I know he likes taking as little takes as possible on set, but my man always leaves in more awkward pauses than an episode of The Big Bang Theory. and this is coming from someone who likes his stuff so Earl ends up his business, and since his family doesn't like him, he's got absolutely nowhere to go, until he hears about Amazon flex but for drugs, all of a sudden he can buy his place back. he's got himself a new Lincoln, fixes up the VFW Center and pulls a Tarantino [ __ ] like you for five feet high in Korea, use your for sandbags. listen, the things this man says in this movie are are straight-up insane. obviously, he's cracking mexican slurs throughout the whole thing. he's talking about how every Latino looks the same. ends up saving these two by telling a police officer that he picked him up at a Home Depot for cheap. but there are scenarios where he legit sets things up just so he can say certain words. he randomly comes across these female bikers just so he can say the word Dyke with a huge smile on his face. in another he does this whole Nazi bid against one of the cartel leaders. but the one that really quieted the audience was when he pulls over on the side of the road to help this black family chains retire. and he says, feels good helping you Negro people. that shut him up real quick. it's the last one where he gets corrected. that makes me see all of the ignorant stuff in the movie as not being as malicious as people think it is, because there's always an opposing character who calls him out. so for me, it's kind of showing this elderly dude who's behind in the times, how he hasn't changed, and not necessarily someone who wants to peg people. I mean, yeah, Clint Eastwood did talk to a chair, but I think many times as people adding their own perspective. like there's a scene in the movie where they pull over this guy who they think might be the mule because he's driving a black truck. and it's supposed to be this comedic scene where the driver flips out because he thinks he might get shot. he starts talking about how getting pulled over are the most dangerous 15 minutes of your life. and while some people might theater nodded their heads and said, damn straight it is, other people laugh because they thought it was supposed to be sarcastic, like the scenes making fun of people who flip out for getting pulled over because it's not that much of a big deal. but, uh, I literally just got pulled over the other day while passing through New Jersey, just for a taillight, and five minutes in, they accused me of kidnapping my girlfriend, cuz I had luggage in the car and I had just convinced her she was free. or I'll get super used to this lifestyle. as he keeps making runs, and he starts having threeways in the movie, two of them, to be exact like I said, clean straight up gets more booty than Bradley does in this film. and he's the man directing them. eventually, the cartel gets more hostile as lot, so randomly kills Andy Garcia, just so he can be the leader. Cooper and Pena, who stone are keying, set a trail on the mule. as they close in. Earl goes to see the dying girl as he reconciles with his family before his wife's death. and is he its Khan and goes to court. I thought for a second that Clint Eastwood was just gonna be set free after all of this buffoonery. but then he pleads guilty on himself. I was like, okay. and the movie just ends with the credits superimposed to over Clint Eastwood in jail. and after that, I started thinking, what if there was something deeper with all this? why would he come out of retirement and make two movies in one year? what if Eastwood wanted to say something more personal? all right, y'all know what it is. I've always had this Nolan theory where I believe that his movies are sort of letters to his kids, and how he's explaining how he's always away for work. and the meal kind of seems to fit in that to the story of a man who's too busy working that he chooses that over his family, a man who craved the attention and the awards over its loved ones. working with others on a schedule, consisting on one takes being away because his work takes him elsewhere. and considering that he invited all eight of his children to the premiere, including one who people literally just found out with his daughter, it's almost like it was meant for them. the fact that he cast his own daughter in the film, maybe as a direct apology for certain situations that happen in their real life. and the talks with his wife and how he had so many flings can be a sort of confession, a man who always played the authority, ironically now being the one who follows orders, and at the end, marking himself guilty. there's a bit where Cooper's character tells him how old people seem to lose their filter once they get older. and Clint Eastwood himself and other character, responds with, I never knew I had one. it's almost like this is Clint Eastwood's last Western, a modern age, one where he saddled up for one last ride and sets out to have the final word. see you soon. ad idiots, it's for you. I think you guys checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. your thoughts down below in the comment section. you know, I'm practically do a Clint Eastwood video cuz this man liked. the collection of movies that I have of this dude is insane. I know that Stanley was big for a lot of people when he was for me as well. you know, he's high up on our list, and his passing was like, a really big deal. but you have no idea how much bigger of an influence Eastwood is in terms of, like, my younger film watching days. so I don't even want to think about when he goes. but I think this is a dude that, most recently, while I don't overly love his movies, you know, the previous one that he did, the the Train one earlier this year, I think is one of the worst, best movies of the year. I think it's hilarious, even those complete trash. but he's pretty much become a master of trailers, like the the trailer they did for American sniper, because of how you feel the movie. and the trailer that he did for this one, specifically, we're in the actual movie, it turns out that he gets away with it by putting arthritis medicine on his hands. I think he's a master at, like, the way that he's able to do his craft. and I personally, you know, speaking as the the Mexican of the group, why people can tell me what I should be offended of, but I always think that he always finds a way to put bad depictions and also a good role model, like a good depiction, depiction of whoever he's talking about in there, but gives no your thoughts? this movie wasn't great in any way, shape or form. but then it's, it's interesting if you look at it from that final perspective that I was talking about, and where he's actually trying to almost do an apology letter. but I'm Kirsten. are you guys down below in the comment section? don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you'll feel lucky. punk, 