hi. I don't know how this got made. maybe you heard about this movie through it's crazy poster, or the trailer, or maybe the fact that, you know, it ended up on the news cuz they accidentally slipped in a scene about sexual harassment being an okay, thinking that causes us to need to pull the movie from some theaters. or you're just subscribed to this channel. by the way. I woke up at 8 o'clock in the morning to go catch this thing before I got pulled from the theaters. and it's, it's interesting. let me explain. so, well, our net seems to have this thing with talking animals. and, you know, some are more annoying to work with and mr. peanut butter. and in this one, this guy plays a New York detective who crosses paths with a private investigator who just so happens to be a dog, as ludicrous as that sounds. he's also voiced by him. this dog refuses to be this man's best friend, but they're stuck working a case together in Las Vegas, where they got to find an illegal panda before it's expressed shipped to the highest buyer. it was a got fluffy in this movie. there's also in Jordin Sparks, voicing a dog dream as a dog. and Stanley freakin Tucci, sir, now, you were trying different things with the Hunger Games, and I was okay with that. I forgave you for the first time you were in transformers. I ignored the fact that you recast yourself again for another transformers. but are you in some kind of con yet? bro, cos you're in a movie where a dog dance. first move into Zeus showed up. one of the big things that came out of this movie was that it takes place during a dog show, and they're trying to infiltrate it to find this Panda. so Ludacris's dog has to participate in the show, and while he's prepping, he has to get his booty hole wax cuz that's where the judges check. what's he doing back there? wait, what? obviously my dog in consenting. and he's like, check. but they just swipe that thing clean to make it even worse. during the scene, - cheese dogs telling him to ignore his Gucci and just think of a peaceful place to go somewhere else, because it'll all be over soon. brah that's what father Muldoon told me before. he funny thing is is that because of that scene, people are also ignoring, ignoring another one that happens in the movie, where this guy from the turtle Club offers up his dog to crossbreed. and it's a transgender dog, voiced by RuPaul, who's okay selling his body to birth puppies for a dog trafficking. you know, it's a wild movie, but hey, someone out there is bound to be entertained by it. someone will love seeing them save the Panda from fatter Gervaise figuring out who let the dogs out. or, if anything, you know, be happy that I was able to make an extra video on it. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Pierce. know your thoughts about this. this was some, but I think it's just super interesting. right? when the whole Peter Rabbit thing happened and I heard the outrage, I want to go see it. and I thought it was a funny movie, this one, you know, going to that extent of actually pulling the movie from some theaters. the version that I saw still had that scene in it, obviously. but, yeah, it's crazy. it's, it's nothing different than the Chihuahua movies, or, you know, any of the other talking dog animal movies. but, yeah, you know, I'm curious to see what you guys thought about this movie. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe down below. share the video if you liked it, and I'll send you a livin Chihuahua. 