[Music]. a resistance forces, led by general leia organa, flee dakar. when a first order fleet arrives, a costly counter-attack, led by poe dameron, destroys a first ordered dreadnought, but after escaping the hyperspace, the first order tracks them and attacks the resistance convoy. po is demoted due to the loss of ships and disobeying leia, kylo ren, Leia's son, hesitates to fire on the lead resistant ship after sensing his mother's presence, but his TIE Fighter wingman destroy the bridge, incapacitating Leia. disapproving of new leader, Vice Admiral halt doze passive strategy, po helps fin bb-8 and mechana crows tico embark on a secret mission to disable the tracking device. meanwhile, rey arrives on actu with Chewbacca and r2d2 aboard the Millennium Falcon to recruit Luke Skywalker to the resistance. disillusioned by his failure to help kylo become a Jedi and under self-imposed exile from the force, Luke refuses to help, even after he learns of Han Solo's death at the hands of kylo Ren and believes that the Jedi should become extinct. unbeknownst to Luke, Rey and kylo communicate through the force, puzzling the two enemies. as the rival force users learn about each other, each has future visions of themselves as partners. r2d2 persuades Luke to Train ray. after kylo tells Rey about what happened between him and Luke that caused him to choose the dark side of the force, Luke confesses that he momentarily contemplated killing kylo upon sensing that supreme leader Snoke was corrupting him, causing kylo to destroy Luke's new Jedi Order in retaliation. convinced that kylo can be redeemed, ray leaves Ock to to confront Kyla without Luke. Luke prepares to burn down the Ock to Jedi Temple and library, but hesitates. Yoda's ghost appears and destroys the temple, claiming Rey has all she needs to learn and encourages Luke to learn from his failure. holo reveals her plan to discreetly evacuate the remaining resistance members using small transports. believing her actions cowardly and risky, poe leads a mutiny. Finn rose and bb-8 traveled to the Kanto bike casino and acquire the help of the hacker, DJ, who says he can help them disable the tracking device. they infiltrate Snoke ship, but are captured by Captain phasma, though bb-8 escapes. meanwhile, Rey lands on the ship and kylo to Snoke, who reveals that he facilitated the mental connection between her and kylo as part of a plan to destroy Luke ordered to kill ray. kylo instead, kill Snoke, and with Rey, defeats snoke's guards. ray believes that kylo has returned to the light side of the force, but he invites her to rule the galaxy with him. Rey refuses. they used the force to fight for possession of anakin skywalker's lightsaber, which splits it into Leia recovers and stuns Poe, allowing the evacuation to begin halt. Doe remains on the ship to mislead snoke's fleet as the others flee to an abandoned Rebel Alliance based on crate. DJ reveals the resistances planned to the first order, and the evacuation transports are slowly destroyed. hold o sacrifices herself by ramming herself at Snoke fleet at Lightspeed. Rey escapes in the chaos, while kylo declares himself supreme leader. bb-8 frees Finn Andros, who escaped after defeating Captain phasma and joined the survivors on crate. when the first order arrives, poe, finn and rose attack with old speeders. rey and Chewbacca draw the TIE fighters away with the Falcon, while Rose stops Finn from completing a suicide run against the enemy siege cannon, which penetrates the resistance fortress. Luke appears and confronts the first order to allow surviving resistance members to escape. kylo orders the first orders forces to fire on Luke, but to no effect. he then engages Luke and a lightsaber duel, Luke tells kylo he will not be the last Jedi. kylo strikes Luke, but realizes he's been fighting Luke's force projection. Rey uses the Force to help the resistance escape on the Falcon. Luke, exhausted, dies peacefully on octave. his death is sensed by Ray and Leia, but leia tells surviving rebels that the resistance has all it needs to rise again. [Music], you 