hello friends. welcome back to movie on with another explanation of a crime thriller movie called now you see me. the imdb rating of this movie was 7.2 out of 10. in the beginning of the movie, four characters were introduced. first was daniel. he was a street magician, and he used to fool people on the streets. after him, we see merit, who was a hypnotist. he can hypnotize anyone and make him or her do whatever he wanted to. in number three, we were introduced with henley. she was a stage magician. she can disappear from anywhere and again, reappear in front of audiences from anywhere. fourth comes jack. and he was also a street magician. and he was an expert on easily pickpocketing someone or breaking any locks to fool people. when they were busy. someone with a hoodie followed them that evening. every one of them got a hermit card. in the cards, there was written a date, time and name of a place and that place's address. every one of them reached the address, which was in new york. it was an address of a flat. when they were inside, they found flowers, letters and a jar containing water. they picked the flower and poured it into a jar. water started flowing out from the jar. that water went towards the design on the floor. in the next moment, it was smoke all around. it was a hologram technology. this shocked them. there were messages for everyone on that hologram. from here, the story shifted one year later, where the four were performing on a stage show on las vegas together. the name of their group was the four horsemen. from the stage, they told the audience, today, from here at this moment, we will look at a bank. and they gave everyone paper balls, and with those, with a lucky draw they choose a seat number. and the seat number was 13. the man sitting on that chair, number 13 told them that his bank was in paris and the show was in las vegas. the man was called onto the stage. when the man walked on the stage, merritt hypnotized him. now the man was in merit's control. after that, they gave the man a unique helmet to wear, and told the audience that it is a transportation helmet, and he can be delivered anywhere with the help of his helmet. moreover, this helmet has cameras fixed inside it. and there's a mic attached with which we can communicate with him. after this, they told the man to choose a card. he signed that card. after this, a machine appeared on the stage. the man then stood up at the machine. suddenly, the man disappeared. then he reached to the bank of spain where his account was. there was a lot of money in front of him. audiences were able to see him with the help of the camera. now he told that person to put the card and the show ticket there. and after that, they told him to press a button on the helmet. he pressed it, and then there was a duck that opened and the cash started flowing into the duct. a few moments later, in las vegas, where the show was happening, money rain started happening there. everyone was happy seeing this, and everyone started catching the money. after this, in paris, when the bank staff entered, they found that there was no money left in the vault. only they find there was a las vegas ticket and a card with a sign. this means they were standing in las vegas and looted a bank in spain. this was a big robbery. so this case was handed to dylan and elma. they arrested them and also arrested the man from the audience who said about his bank in paris. that man from the audience was investigated first. then he heard someone playing violin. he started to act like a violin player too. alma said, he's hypnotized. he's of no use. after this, when they investigated three of them told no one anything. after that, dylan went to daniel. he warned him to arrest him. and daniel said, we want you to chase us, but you will always stay behind us. dylan got angry, and he tried to go near them. when daniel was using his trick, he changed his hands free and set the handcuffs on dylan. there was a cold drink can inside that and there was the handcuffs key. daniel emptied the coke can and took out the key. but before the cold drink could damage dylan's phone, daniel took it and gave it back to him. there was no proof against them of the robbery, so the police had to let them free. now dylan and elma went to thaddeus. he was a magician for a long time, but a few years back, he stopped doing magic shows. and he runs a tv program in which he exposes magicians tricks. he says, 30 years back in the beginning, he exposed a magician, lionel shrikes, all tricks. after that, his career ended. but after a year, he made a comeback. he locked himself in a box, and the box was thrown under the river. but he was unable to open the box, and for this reason he died. but i was not at all responsible for his death. lionel shrike was not fully prepared to perform that trick. after that, thaddeus gave dylan the ticket for the next show of the four horsemen. dylan asked him how they did the trick of looting the bank. thaddeus took them to the place where the trick started. thaddeus told the man they chose from the audience they started observing them previously. after that, he was hypnotized. after that, he took dylan to the machine from where he was transported. when the machine closes, the chamber opens on the floor, and dylan slides down the stage. under the stage there was a duplicate copy of the paris bank, which was looted. dylan asked how the money is looted. thaddeus said, when the people were transferring money in the bank. the four hypnotized them and changed all the money. they were all false notes. together. they put the man's sign card, which they previously hypnotized him, and signed that card so that everything was placed properly for the trick. those notes were special notes which burn automatically after some time. those were ash and smokeless paper notes. that's how they placed the trick. the four became very famous. that's why, for their next show, they left for france. dylan and elma also reached france. then we've seen thaddeus on the tv show, which he tells about a secret organization, i. he told that the people of the i organization fought against the social disorganizations. some people think i is there. some don't believe. after the show, arthur came there. arthur was that businessman who used to fund the four horsemen shows. he told thaddeus to stop doing his show. in exchange, he can give so much money that he can't even earn within a year. thaddeus refused his offer. they stood against each other. on the evening, the four horsemen show begins, where thaddeus, dylan and elma were present. elma said to dylan, i think lionel shrike is behind them, because three years previously, when he locked himself in the box and he died, but nobody found his dead body. dylan had no answer for this. to respond. the show begins when henley brought a rabbit. she opens a box, puts it inside and closes the box. daniel opens the box, and the rabbit disappears. everyone was surprised. daniel said it was a trick. they took a mirror out from the box and said to the audience, this mirror created the illusion to look like the rabbit disappeared, but the rabbit was inside the box. after this, merritt told the audience to take out the paper on which you've written your bank balance. as i told you, everyone takes out their papers. merritt told some of the audience to stand up and ask them their bank balance. he told everyone to stick that paper on their forehead. now he brings the show financer, arthur on the stage. he then said, arthur has more than 144 million dollars in his bank. after that, they brought a big check in the stage on which the amount was written that was on arthur's bank now he told the audience to spread flashlights on their papers. everyone started to do that. they also spread flashlights on arthur's check. after that, seventy thousand dollars was debited from arthur's account. and a woman found her amount on the paper had increased with seventy thousand dollars. like this, many people's amount on the paper increased. now they told the audience that they are all invited to the show specifically for a reason. you all have lost someone or you all have faced trouble in your life, and you all have taken insurance from the same company. that company's owner is arthur, and he has never returned your money nor your respect. he cheated you. that's the reason we organized this show. suddenly, an audience from the gallery said, i got a message from the bank. the account got credited in my account. after that, everyone started saying the same thing. the money transfer started happening in everyone's phones. arthur now understood the reason of the show, and he realized he was tricked. for the people who didn't get their rights, these four have returned them their money back. actually, before the show, they managed to ask arthur a few questions by which they've hacked his bank password by tricks. now they all left from there. elmo was chasing daniel. there was a moment that she could have shot him, but she didn't shoot. on the other hand, dylan was still chasing them. actually, a tracking device was installed on them. he was chasing that. but later he realized he was only chasing them because the tracking device was found in his own pocket. this is how all four of them left. dylan got insulted for this. he now suspected elma, because she got a chance to shoot daniel, but she didn't. alma said she was innocent, that's why i didn't shoot him. the next day, dylan's mobile was damaged. when he opens the mobile, he found a chip inside. actually, when dylan was investigating daniel, inside the cell, daniel had changed his mobile. and now the four had heard everything from dylan. with that, they also hacked and read all his mails and messages. dylan said, keep the mobile intact and start tracking my mobile because the mobile is with them. the four were in an apartment in new york. there they broke dylan's first mobile. after that, they told jack to burn all the papers and then go down. then they watched from the window that dylan elma and the fbi have reached there. three of them left, and jack started burning the papers. dylan reached there. jack and dylan fought. jack somehow managed to escape with the fbi car. dylan and elma chase him. then jack's car went in front of a bus, and he crashed his car. in the accident, his car caught on fire. dylan rushed toward the car and took out the paper from jack's car. and after that, the car exploded, in which jack died. now it was informed dylan that the paper he got from jack's car has the details of a company named alcom. in its locker safe. there they have a few million dollars. now they understood that their crime will be looting the locker safe. the department head told dylan that they had used his phone to gather the information. so he was suspended from this case. the case was handed over to his colleague. now the fbi team reached the place where there was a safe with a million dollars. they went there and found there was no safe. the man present there told them that his boss ordered him to move the safe to another place. hearing this, his boss got angry, because he didn't order anything like that. after that, he started playing imaginary violin. fbi understood that he was hypnotized. now they all started chasing a truck because that just started its journey. they soon reached the truck, but the agent who had this case ordered to leave the truck to complete its destination, because it will help them reaching the four of them. now dylan and his two agents sat inside the truck. then dylan watched a video on youtube in which they have announced the date of their new show. and the show was going to take place where the truck was heading. the truck stopped at the entrance of the show stage. a girl came to open the truck. thaddeus came there. actually, that girl worked with thaddeus. dylan thought the instructor of those four people was thaddeus. he thought thaddeus was the fifth horseman that he has told him that those four have again fooled him with tricks. this is the place where lionel shrike made his first show. you have to open this truck. when they opened the safe, there was only balloons. it was not that safe with a million dollars. on the other hand, the audience started cheering for the show. they understood it's going to begin. everyone started running towards the stage. now we can see the big balloons have turned into 3d screens by using advanced technology. there was a light on top of the building. they understood that they will all appear there. now the three are shown. they have taken the lift, and they were talking about i this means they really work for the eye. now, the fbi also reached the building to catch them. they saw it was their dummy dolls. and they landed on another building floor and started talking with people. a few moments later, the three jumped from that building. and when they jumped, they're converted into dollars. actually, this was part of the technology. it was a recorded program in which people thought they transformed into money. with that transformation, it started to rain money. this means that the three have managed to escape. again, dylan was very upset, but he was already suspended from the case. then one of his members brought a note to him and said, it's all false notes. on the other hand, thaddeus went towards his car in the parking lot. when he unlocked his car doors, dollars started flowing out from his car. the fbi team came there and arrested thaddeus for looting the safe and helping the four in jail. dylan came to meet thaddeus. he told the guard that he wanted to speak with him personally. he went inside the cell and asked him how the loot was done. thaddeus replied, do you remember that rabbit trick in which the rabbit was inside the box only by mirrors? it's hidden in this trick, they've done the same. when you reach that place where the locker was, with the help of a mirror, they have hidden it. the mirror in the locker was in its place. when you all left that place, they all looted the place. and this loot was done by jack. dylan was surprised and said, jack died in the car accident. thaddeus said, jack never died. when his car went in front of the bus, the driver of the bus was his partner, and he changed his car, and the changed car already had a dead body inside. and so the police thought that jack died, while jack was still alive. thaddeus said, i don't know if they didn't want the money, then why did they take such a risk? dylan said, this is all related with lionel shrike's case, you ruined his career by revealing his magic tricks. the bank that those four in the beginning looted was the bank that didn't give lionel strikes insurance money. but the bank did nothing. arthur's insurance company did the same thing. they didn't give them their claim. he tells about the eye organization and said, it takes only those magicians who are truthful. then thaddeus noticed dylan disappeared from the cell and he was outside the cell. now thaddeus understood that the full name of dylan is dylan shrike, and he was the son of lionel shrike. and the mastermind behind these four was none other than dylan. dylan said to enjoy the rest of his life in jail. because of him, his father's career ended. on the other hand, we can see jack, who was alive. he met his three members, and they went to a place where, many years previously, dylan's father, lionel shrike, fixed a car inside a tree. here dylan comes to meet them and congratulated them and said, you have all done well. now welcome to i. now this means they are part of the i organization, the next day, dylan went to meet elma and told her the whole truth. he said, when my father died, i was 12 years old, and for the last 30 years, i practiced this. actually, they loved each other. elma understood him. and after that, they locked a lock and threw that key on the river. with this, the movie ended. to watch more explanations like this one, click on the videos on your screen, and don't forget to let me know how you feel about today's story in the comments down below. i will be back to you again with another explanation. till then, stay safe, stay well. thanks. 