hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a thriller film titled flu. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. the movie begins in hong kong where there are illegal immigrants in a tight shipping container which is about to be smuggled toward south korea. as the shipping container is about to leave, a man is coughing and seems to be sick. however, the operating worker disregards the sick man and lets the shipping container leave. meanwhile, in bundang, south korea, there is a beautiful woman in a car about to fall into a deep hole. the beautiful woman is a doctor named in hey, and her rescuer is jibu. as the car is about to fall, jaguar needs to remove in hey from the car to save her life. however, as in hey is being removed from the car, her skirt rips off, exposing her legs, which makes her refuse to be rescued. to convince inhae to be rescued, jagu lends his shirt to cover her legs. then, as in hey is covering her legs with the shirt, jagua observes the car is about to fall, which makes him immediately remove inhale from the car before it falls. in the end, the rescue operation is successful. later that day, inhale meets jagua in the deep hole where the car falls. she returns to goose shirt and asks a favor to get the bag back in the fallen car, since it is pretty important. but jagu refuses to do as requested by inhabe and explains that his job does not include rescuing personal things. meanwhile, the shipping container carrying illegal immigrants is already at bundong, and the smugglers, vyonki and his brother, boomwoo, go there to pick up the illegal immigrants. as they open the shipping container, the filthy fluid and smell go out. they point the flashlight inside the shipping container, revealing the dead bodies of the illegal immigrants. shortly after, bueng wu takes footage of the dead bodies to show it to their boss. suddenly, there is a survivor named masai who crawls towards them asking for help. messiah proceeds to tell the smugglers everyone in the shipping container is dead. after that day, the smugglers bring messiah to a rest area where there are a lot of people. as bjeong ki goes to buy something, a police car parks beside their vehicle. so byung ki immediately rushes towards their vehicle and tells byung-wu to leave. however, jung-woo seems to be severely sick. at the same time, masai gets out of the vehicle and runs away. gunki, seeing masai run away, tries to chase him, but masai successfully escapes. later, the smugglers head towards a pharmacy to buy medicine, since bung wu's sickness worsens. as bjorn wu is buying medicine, he continues to cough, spreading the virus to anyone in the pharmacy. in the next scene, in hayes in a conference with the doctors. she informs dr yang, a senior doctor, that the research is left in the fallen car in the deep hole. the teacher named jung reprimands inhae for losing their research. meanwhile, jagu goes into the deep hole where the car falls to get ea's bag with the help of his friend kyung yubi. in the end, jagu successfully gets inhae's bag from the deep hole. later, as kyung yubi checks the thing inside. inhae's bag, he sees a phone. niru, the child of inhe, is on the phone. jagu grabs the phone and answers the call, talking to meeru. after that, jagu meets mirou in the park. there, jagu introduces himself as a rescuer to meru. to enlighten miro about his job, togu explains to her that rescuers go to save a life of people in danger for free, in contrast to the doctors who get paid for saving lives in the hospital. after knowing jagu, miro asks for the bag of her mother and leaves. meanwhile, the virus from the shipping container is rapidly spreading in the city. in transportation, in school, an infected person coughs and exposes everyone to the virus. at the same time, bingwoo's sickness seems to worsen as he coughs with blood. and he immediately brings beyond ki to the hospital. after that, inha receives a call from the hospital. in a happily says she already got the research from the bag. however, the hospital staff stops her and immediately tells her that there is an emergency situation in the hospital. then inhale immediately rushes towards the hospital. shortly after, in the hospital, the doctors are having an operation on bung-woo. then inhale arrives at the operating room checking the condition of jung-woo. upon checking the condition of inhe sees the things of in a plastic bag. in the plastic bag, in hey finds a phone where she sees the footage of the shipping container with dead bodies. after that, in hey shows the footage to her fellow doctors. dr yang concludes that the virus came from the dead bodies of the shipping container. as a response, inhabe tells dr yang the virus that infected bung-wu is a possible first avian flu in south korea, and to confirm that, they need to find the shipping container to have a test. meanwhile, while wandering alone, niru encounters masai, who is infected by the virus from the shipping container. masai tells meeru to go away, since the virus can be transmitted to her. however, meru keeps following aside to give him food. then meru tells maasai to stay put in wait as she asks for help. shortly after, meeru, together with jagu returns, but messiah is not there. at the same time, the doctors and the congressmen are having a meeting regarding the virus. in the meeting, dr yang tells them that the virus from the shipping container is a possible mutated avian flu and a harbinger of a pandemic. so dr yang suggested to lock down bundong. the congressman seems not to believe dr yang, and as a response, the politician mocks and laughs at the suggestion. as dr yang and the congressman argue with each other, the virus keeps spreading, and the hospitals are getting filled by infected people. also, infected people keep falling to the ground, and as a result, bundong is in a big chaos. the doctors and the congressmen in the meeting witness the chaos as they look outside through the window. this makes them decide to leave bundong. as the doctors and politicians are about to leave through the helicopters, ninhey tells the doctor she needs to stay to get her daughter first. then dr yang allows inhale to get her daughter and assures her a way to leave the city. shortly after, the doctors and politicians arrive in seoul and meet the prime minister and the president. they discuss the possible actions to take concerning the rapid spread of the virus. then the prime minister declares to lock down bundong, while dr yang proceeds to inform the people about the virus and its consequences. as a result, the people of bandang panics. meanwhile, inhe tries to get miro. however, dugu loses meru in the supermarket where there is a crowd of panic buyers. so in hey and jagua, together search miro in the crowd and are able to find her crying in the midst of the crowd. after that, and hey, having the capacity to leave the city despite the lockdown, tries to ask jaguar to leave with her. however, jagu refuses and tells in hey that he needs to perform his duty as a rescuer. later in, hey and meru are in the airport, trying to leave the city. however, meru is sick, which makes the officers refuse them to leave. unable to leave and hey and mirror are forced to go to the quarantine facility since the government forces everyone to go to the quarantine facility. on the bus towards the quarantine facility, in hey calls dr yang, who tells her there is a way to leave the city. she just needs to introduce herself in the quarantine facility as a doctor. while in the call in hey sees a mother and a child who appears to be a reflection of her in meru. the reflection portrays the privilege of in hey over the other people who have the same situation as her. meanwhile, in the headquarters of the politicians and doctors who handle the pandemic, foreign doctors instruct that in the quarantine facility, people will be tested, and after the result is taken, the infected people will be segregated from the uninfected ones. dr yang tells the foreign doctor that cramming the people in the quarantine facility leads more infection. on the other side, the politicians disregard and stop dr yang and proceed to talk about censorship of the internet to stop the spread of rumors. the indifference of the politicians to the suggestions of dr yang shows the intervention of the political power and interests of the politicians in times of medical crisis. later in the quarantine facility, the staff do not recognize inha as a doctor, which makes her and miro unable to leave. in the testing area, inhale observes that miro has the symptoms, which means meru can be separated from her. to avoid separation, inhibits miro from the inspection staff. later in the quarantine tent, in hey hears the scream of a mother being separated from her child, which reflects the possible situation if neru's sickness gets caught by the staff. later that day, jaguar offers food to inhay, where he is able to see meru is sick. as a result, chigu questions the actions of inhe asserting that people in the uninfected area can be infected by miro. at this moment, the self-interest of inha as a mother stands over the welfare of other people around her, so she decides to keep miro. meanwhile, masai, who survives the virus and contains the antibody for a possible vaccine, is in the crowded, infected zone of the quarantine facility. as the government gives an order to find messiah for his antibody. a soldier finds him in the quarantine facility. after that, the doctors call in hey to get the possible antibody for messiah. later in a medical tent in hay, successfully extracted the antibody from masai, which can cure the infection of the virus. later that day, as in, hey tries to sneak meru from the quarantine facility. the staff tries to find miro through a number 2066, knowing it is infected. however, jigu, having concern for inhe and miro, presents himself as number 2066. as a result, the staff brings jiggu to the infected zone instead of meru. but jungkook comes to jaguar to let him out of the infected zone with an id. meanwhile, inhe sneaks miro to the medical tent that keeps messiah, even though there is no permission inha, gets the antibody from the blood of masai to cure meru. as in, hey injects the antibody to meru. the soldiers arrive, trying to open the door to stop inhale which puts everything in suspense. shortly after, the soldiers are able to open the door and put asleep, and meru is separated from her. after that, in the infected zone, jugusi soldiers bring a body of a young girl, and he suspects that his mirror. then on the ground, jugu sees a headband of meru, confirming that the young girl is meru. immediately, chigu follows the soldiers bringing miro. as he follows them, a large hall with piles of severely sick people appears in front of him the air, jugu sees that even the people who are not dead yet are already placed in the body bags. then jagu proceeds to find meru and goes upstairs. there, jagu witnesses a gruesome scene that is a large crane bringing the pile of bodies towards the center of a big stadium, where the pile of bodies is set on fire. as he witnesses the scene, he is astonished by how gruesome the scene is. moreover, he feels more desperate when realizing the possibility that the innocent miro is among the pile of bodies. meanwhile, nha is also in the infected zone, trying to find her daughter, miro. there in hey, sees once again a scene that reflects her in mirror. that is a dying mother and a child. now in hey witnesses the gruesome situation in the infected zone. she gets emotional. she tries to find miro. at the same time, jaguar, in the pile of bodies, hears the sound of miro's phone. then jagu follows the sound and finds miro alive in a body bag and is about to be set on fire. meanwhile, a young soldier sees her mother in the infected zone. as a result, the young soldier bursts into tears and anger. then the young soldier tells the people in the quarantine facility about the gruesome situation in the infected zone, which immediately causes the people to have an uprising against the guards. this causes the doctors to evacuate masai from the quarantine facility to preserve the antibody with an ambulance. then in the infected zone, in hay, is also getting evacuated together with the doctors, but she refuses to do so, since she needs to find miro first. however, stabs messiah and dr young, which forces inha to evacuate with them. at the same time, jagu holding miro sees in hay in the ambulance and tries to chase them. in the end, jagu fails to chase the ambulance, and as a result, he is trapped in the city together with meru. in the headquarters, the president and the officials witness the utmost chaos in the city. there the president tells the officials to wait for the antibody so they can calm the agitating population. however, as the ambulance arrives in seoul, masai dies, which means the antibody is gone. shortly after, the officials at the headquarters receive the news that the antibody is gone, which forces them to take action on the agitating population of bandung who tries to cross the border towards seoul. the prime minister grants permission to shoot the people who try to cross the border. then the military fires at the civilians on the border, and as a result, the president bursts into anger at the officials. meanwhile, jaguar holding miro is in the midst of the shootout, and inhe rushes towards the border to get miro. then jagu brings miro in cover to help other people, but nero stops him from leaving. however, jiggy once again explains to meeru his duty as a rescuer, that is to help other people. shortly after, an infected man, who knows meru has an antibody, sees meru alone. so he brings muru to a tent and tries to get an antibody from her. however, kyung yubi comes to the tent and sees meru. and he tries to stop the infected man by pointing a gun. but the infected man is able to fight back and puts kyung yubi to the ground. shortly after, while searching for meru, jagu shows up and fights the infected man to help his friend. then in the fight, the infected man is able to strangle jugu. immediately, the friend helps jagu to break free. in the end, jagua is able to kill the infected man. at the same time, inha arrives at the border and talks to the presidents. she tells the president that meru has a possible antibody and asks for permission to get meru in order to make inha get her daughter. the president orders the military to cease fire. however, schneider, an international officer, proceeds to order the military to kill everyone who tries to cross the border. shortly after, on the border, meru and inha see each other and run towards each other. as meru tries to cross the border, everyone is left in suspense over whether the military is going to shoot meru, an innocent child. this particular scene is breathtaking and puts everything in slow motion. then the captain points a gun at the hesitating soldier, which makes the soldier shoot miro, but jagu immediately saves miro and inhe gets shot in the shoulder. in the end, inhe gets emotional as she hugs meru. the movie ends with a suspenseful confrontation between the president and schneider. whereas schneider orders the american military to bomb the people of bandung. then, as a response, president stands his ground to protect the people of bandung and orders the south korean military to fire missiles at the bombers. this makes shiter cancel the order to bomb the people of bandong. in the end, meru is alive and carries an antibody which cures the infected citizens of bandung and ends the pandemic. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 