hey guys. welcome back to flicks recap. my name is luke pelletier, and in today's video, we'll be going through the 2016 cult classic sociological bloodbath known as the bellco experiment. just so you know, there are spoilers ahead, you've been warned. but before we start, be sure to drop a like, leave a comment, and, of course, subscribe to flix recap if you dig the rundown. now let's get to it. the employees of bellco core arrive at work one day to find heavily armed security men checking their cars. some of the employees are sent back home with no clear explanations. the rest continue their day as usual, until a voice on the intercom tells them that there are 80 people in the building and that they all must decide to kill two people within 30 minutes, or there will be severe consequences. the employees give mixed responses. some think it's a joke, others are confused, and a very small minority are cautious. the jokes and laughter are then stopped by the automatic closing of all doors and windows by steel shutters. mike milch, one of the employees, commands two technicians to try and cut the steel shutters at the entrance with a blowtorch. barry norris, the company's coo, steps forward and explains that the steel shutters were there in case of an emergency, and that no one should panic, and that this is probably just a prank. the two technicians, however, realize that they can't cut through the metal, as it's not steel, or actually any other metal they know of. 30 minutes pass and the heads of four employees explode, causing other people in the office to start running for cover, thinking that they were shot. now norris notices that the heads of these employees exploded from the inside, making an impact from an outside bullet impossible. mike then deduces that it must be these tracers that the company put in each employee's head for insurance. mike rushes to the bathroom and tries to remove his explosive. he gets warned by the intercom to stop, or they'll detonate the explosive in his head. he stops and is consoled by his lover, leandra. meanwhile, norris approaches evan, the security guard, and asks him to give norris the key to the armory. but evan refuses. norris reminds evan that he's evan's boss. but evan counters and tells norris that he quits and he'll give him the key when he's allowed to leave. the intercom comes back on and tells everyone that they should not tamper with any cameras or try to remove the tag in their heads, and that for the next round of chaos, they won't provide a countdown. the voice then states that there are now 76 people alive in the building, and that they want 30 dead within the next two hours. the voice says that failure to accomplish this will result in the death of 60 people. now, one of the technicians, ronnie, hits the other technician with a spanner, caving his skull in and killing him. another employee, danny wilkins, sees this and starts to leave the area inconspicuously, but ronnie notices her. she tries to make a run for it, but ronnie catches her, and just before he can kill her, she pushes him and impales him on a rod, killing him. upstairs, a debate ensues in two groups form, the first led by norris and the second, led by mike. norris's group wants to kill 30 people in the hope of saving another 30. mike's group doesn't believe that they have the right to take innocent lives. the debate turns into a stalemate, until leandra suggests that they all go to the roof and hang banners in an attempt to draw attention for rescue. and most people agree. another employee, marty, has this idea that the water has a chemical in it that's putting everyone on edge, so he decides to pour out all the water from the fountains onto the floor. meanwhile, leandra, mike and evan run into norris and his crew, who are now trying to use the blowtorch to open the armory door, since evans still won't give them the key. mike asks why they want the key, and norris tells them it's so that they can keep a safe, watchful eye on the weapons. mike tells norris that he thinks the weapons are already safe, but norris rebuts by telling mike he doesn't care about what mike thinks. frustrated, evan closes the tap connecting the blowtorch to the gas. now, wendell tries to attack evan, but evan draws his gun, until wendell backs off. mike is able to calm evan down and collect his gun. he then proceeds to shoot the tap of the gas, making it impossible to reconnect to the blowtorch. mike, evan and leandra then leave to go and drop banners from the roof. they go upstairs, but before they can hang the banners, the security outside starts shooting at them. now mike is hell bent on hanging these banners, but he's deterred by the others. so they all decide to go downstairs. on their way, they're ambushed by norris and his group. norris batters mike in the head, knocking him out cold. wendell points a kitchen knife at evan and asks him where the keys are. evan removes the keys from his trousers and throws them down the stairs. so wendell reactively stabs him and kills him. norris and his crew take leandra and head to the armory. they open it and take the guns inside. norris instructs his men to go and gather everyone and round them up and bring them to the lobby. norris instructs everybody with kids under the age of 18 to go and stay in the corner. he then pulls out everybody over the age of 80 and makes them stand facing a wall, very ominous for everyone in the lobby. but the number of people actually facing the wall only reaches seven. so norris decides to start picking random people to join them. and once he hits 30, he starts executing them. dany is still downstairs alone, so when she hears the sound of gunshots, she goes to the power terminal and turns off the light. this distraction gives the people still alive upstairs a chance to escape. seeing this, norris and his crew start shooting anyone in sight, so as to meet their cruel, twisted quota. some of his crew are killed by others who might have initially left the lobby but came back to run an ambush. meanwhile, dany finds her friend roberto, and together they enter the elevator. the intercom then tells them that so far they've killed 29 people, and that if they don't kill one person within the next two minutes, 31 more people will die. terry, who is one of norris's crew, continues his hunt for people, but leandra outsmarts him and knocks him down. however, she refuses to kill him. this seemingly noble action actually forces the intercom's hand, and 31 people, including terry, are killed. the intercom then assigns everyone their last tasks in one hour, whoever has the highest kill count will be allowed to leave the building. the voice then tells them their current tally. norris is first with 11 kills, followed by wendell, who has seven kills. vince has one kill, and dany also has one kill. wendell, dustin and norris start killing everyone they come across so that they can duke it out for the highest kill count. danny and roberto are hiding on top of the elevator car when norris enters the elevator. norris heads for the top floor. he notices that there are people on top of the elevator car, so he shoots upward. this prompts dany to jump off, and roberto tries to do the same, but he's too slow and gets stuck in between floors, which results in him being crushed. leandra finds marty and his friend chet removing the bombs from the heads of deceased employees. they tell her that they want to use them to blow a hole in the wall. she agrees that it's a good idea, but she tells them that she needs to find mike. she uses the intercom to contact mike, even though she knows that that would mean revealing her position to the co-workers that have gone postal. leandra, marty and chet move to another room and see wendell moving the body of a dead man. leandra shoots him and he falls. she tries to shoot him again, but she runs out of bullets. wendell then returns fire at chet. leandra and marty take cover, but as they push the table towards wendell, he shoots marty and kills him. leandra manages to push the table on top of wendell, immobilizing him. she then carries marty's axe and brutalizes wendell's face with it. she goes downstairs and finds mike. she gives him the bombs that marty and chet had extracted. just then vince takes point and starts throwing molotov cocktails in their direction. but he can't land an effective hit. so mike and landra try to evade vince and run upstairs, but quickly double back when they run into norris, who also begins to open fire on them. vince is about to lob another molotov when he's shot dead by norris. it's then revealed that leandra has caught a bullet in the crossfire. she succumbs to her injury and dies. meanwhile, dany is in the elevator, and just as she's exiting, norris immediately shoots her in the head. only norris and mike remain. after a bit of cat and mouse, mike gets the jump on norris and knocks the gun out of his hand. they start fighting, and it's obvious that norris is the better fighter, but mike is able to pick up a tape cutter, which he uses to bash norris's brain in. the steel shutters open and the security outside comes and picks up mike. he staggers a bit, but they're still able to take him to the hangar where the identity of the man over the intercom is revealed. the man tells mike that they were simply using belko to study human behavior. mike then reveals that he's planted the bombs leandra gave him on each of the men around him. he quickly makes a dash and pushes the switches, detonating the explosives. he then snatches their gun and shoots the other crew members, and mike lives to tell the tale. i'm a sucker for films that employ gory psychological trauma under the guise of social experiments. i think it's a very disturbing prompt that conjures memories of real-life, violent experiments like the stanford prison experiment. while that's probably not something i'd mention on a first date, it's definitely a genre that i'll always be interested in. now one of the reasons i really enjoy the bellco experiment is because it uses a larger number of people as a study group, which is not only proper research modeling, but also allows for a variety of different reactions and results to shine through. wendell and norris, for example, devolve into bloodthirsty survivalists. leandra shifts from being a paladin who refuses to jeopardize her code by killing terry, to a corrupted cog in the machine when she mangles wendell's face into oblivion. and danny and mike toe the line somewhere in the middle between mike being an opportunist and an aggressive strategist, and dany tirelessly trying to stay away from the action and in the shadows. what were some of the biggest points of the bellco experiment that stuck out to you? and what are some other films that feature twisted experiments like this that you've enjoyed? let me know in the comments below. be sure to like the video and, as always, subscribe to the channel so you don't miss the next recap. until next time, 