cinema synopses, spoiler alert. genius billionaire and playboy tony stark's is anointed the new CEO of Stark Industries, a company that changed the face of the weapons industry. after his father, / Howard Stark, passed away. he goes to war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and military liaison a tenant, Colonel James Rhodes, to demonstrate the new Messiah, for your consideration, the Jericho. after the demonstration, the convoy is ambushed, and Stark is critically wounded by one of his company's rocket-propelled grenades. he is captured and imprisoned in a cave by a terrorist group. they called themselves the ten rings. yinsen, a fellow captive, who is a doctor, implants and electromagnet hooked up to a car battery into Starks chest to keep the shrapnel shards that wounded him from reaching his heart and killing him. ten rings leader, Raza offers stark freedom in exchange for building a gentleness or the group. but Tony and yinsen agree. Raza will not keep his word. Stark and yinsen quietly build a small, powerful electric generator called an arc reactor. to power Starks electromagnet and a suit of powered armor to aid in their escape. although they keep the suit hidden. almost to completion, 10 rings discover their hostages and tensions and attack the workshop. you have to tomorrow to assemble my missile. Ian's and sacrifices himself to divert them. while the suit is completed, the armoured start battles his way out of the cave to find the dying Hinson. my turn, then burns the ten rings as weapons in anger and flies away, crashing in the desert and destroying the suit after being rescued by Rhodes. next I brought with me. okay. Stark returns home and announces that his company will no longer manufacture weapons. I am shutting down the weapons manufacture division. this is the first time in the Marvel series that we are formally introduced to shield strategic homeland intervention enforcement and logistics division, which approaches Stark's assistant Potts, in hopes of inviting Stark to join the Avengers team. Obadiah Stane, his father's old partner and the company's manager, advises stark that this may ruin Stark Industries and his father's legacy? what do you think the over-under in stock drop is gonna be? in his home workshop, Stark builds a sleeker, more powerful version of his improvised armor suit, as well as a more powerful art Cree actor for his chest. don't ever asked me to do anything like that ever again. personal assistant, Pepper Potts, places the original reactor inside a small glass showcase. those stain request details. stark keeps his work to himself because he is suspicious of his company. she did a review at a charity held by Stark Industries. reporter Christine Everhart informed stark that his company's weapons, including the Jericho, were recently delivered to the ten rings and are being used to attack Vincent's home village town called gulmira. Stark then learns that the stain has been arms trafficking to criminals worldwide, if we doubled - and is staging a coup to replace him as Stark Industries as CEO. I was the one who found the injunction against you. start dawns as new armor and flies to Afghanistan where he saves the villagers. while flying home, start his shot at by T f-22 Raptor. fighter jets. he reveals his secret identity to Rhodes over the phone in an attempt to end the attack. meanwhile, the ten rings gather the pieces of Starks prototype suit and meet with stain, I will give you these designs as a gift, who subdues Raza and has the rest of the group killed. alright, let's finish up here. stain has a massive new suit, reverse engineered from the wreckage. we leave our top engineers. I want to prototype right away, seeking to track his company's illegal shipments. Stark sends pepper to hack into its database to find my weapons. she discovers stained hired the ten rings to kill Stark, but the group reneged. Potts meets with agent Phil Coulson of shield, an intelligence agency, to inform him of Steen's activities. stain scientists cannot duplicate Starks miniaturized arc reactors, so stain ambushes Stark at his home and takes the one from his chest, whirring, I was killing the Golden Goose. [Music]. golden hey. Stark manages to get his original reactor to replace it. good boy. Potts and several shield agents attempt to arrest stained. she's with five ages about the rest over down. but he dons his suit and attacks level stark fight stain, but his outmatched. without his new reactor to run his suit at full capacity. the fight carries stark and stain to the top of the Stark Industries building, and stark instruct spots to overload the large arc reactor powering the building, driving impaired, this unleashes a massive electrical surge that causes steam and his armor to fall into the exploding reactor, killing him. the next day, at a press conference, stark the five suggestions from shield, just stick to the official statement and soon this will all be behind you, and publicly admits to being the superhero the press had dubbed. truth is I am Iron Man. in a post-credits scene, shield director Nick Fury visits stark at home, telling him and explaining that he wants maybe to talk to you about the Avenger initiative. [Music], you 