2016, don't breathe was a great or fresh, airsmart, twisty, learn mean horror film that took the villains and hears from the first act and slowly made them switch places in the heart's mind and sympathies of this audience. produced for barely 10 million dollars in closing your b16 times at the box office. it was also a huge success. but the film, it had one problem, it didn't scream sequel. now don't breathe too. here the blind man, this back, and his apparently the hero, veteran actor, stefan lang, was a based in the first film, a miserable old, blind, but leaving alone, mourning the death of his, killed in a car accident, daughter with a robbers broke into his house at all but abundant section of detroit, causing him to stand his ground and protect the demented, secret, hidden space. but by the end of the original don't breathe movie, a course learned the blind man wasn't as innocent or helpless as he seemed. not only amy murdered and maimed the thieves, but before they discovered the accuted woman who killed his daughter, tied up in the basement of his home, forcing her to carry his child to term. after that, owen was killed, he tried to tie up and impregnate rocking, the female robber. and eventual souls survivor. the struggled rocky got a happy ending at the end of the first film. but it don't be too the ending is far more complicated. if you are concerned about spoilers, read on for a section of the final moments. if don't preach to the set up, don't read. 2 is set 8 years after the events of the first film, and brings us the blind man leaving a happier life in the 11 year old girl named phoenix. defies this as daughter. true to his nature, he is raising her as a survivalist. that are relative short it. the two of them have a vcs dog named shadow. we learned that phoenix is, it really is daughter at all, but another victim of the blind man's demented yearning to once again have a child of his own. sins our youth. phoenix has been told that norman was married to her mother. their house burned down and she was killed in the fires. as it turns out, the house was a myth lab. it exploded, and norman discovered phoenix in the aftermath, took her home. the real father was arrested and spent eight years in prison, as it turns out, is a lie. but on the verge of succumbing to after effects of the chemicals and smoke from the explosion. the film's final arrives after rail and it is green bin norman house beat him down and take phoenix back. braelynn tells her that her real name is tara, introduces her to her clinging to life and a family reunion. since in order, until real reveals that the only way to keep your all modern life is a heart transplant. and they are made plans to turn phoenix into an unveiling or donor. who lives, who dies? in the final moments of any horror film, it often comes down to a moral judgment in the form of, come up with, life is reward in death as punishment. don't pray too strongly. subscribed to this theory, and much like the first don't preach, it wants to operate in the gray areas between who's good and who's bad. it's just not really as good as making its audience manipulation. wants the mostly nameless, mostly fearless supporting billions have been dispatched by norman. he reaches the film's box level. now on railing church, norman must make his way to the extremely unhygienic location where an evil surgeon plans to make the heart transfer. what phoenix is still awake, no less. thankfully, trailers. right hand mate, role decides he's had enough. after norman pretends to be unconscious, then uses the rules to mount down. roles men in a blaze of gunfire. i will tell norman where everyone is. then washes his hands of the whole situation, largely viewed off-screen. norman ambushes the disgraced surgeon, leaves him breathing out. as norman and friends, raelan a bottle and shears and bullets start fighting. caught in the carriage in phoenix mall and kept her in a wheelchair. when the wheelchair rolls into a nearby empty swimming pool, eihan's carbon moment in susan fenix must make a choice, grab a hacksaw and cut through her mom's door, or take the fall. let's put it this way, there will be blood. norman sims to win the battle with whaler his fingers into the man's eyes and say, now you will see what i see. then pushing it stops. the railer's body goes limp. apparently, that allowing norman to have a moment phoenix. but then it doubles the prices tab occurs when rail services and stab north. phoenix surfaces behind graceland and stabs him. the film end on a somewhat uplifting notice. a girl finds her way to children's shelter, joining the group of happy looking kids out front. they asked her name. she considers everything that just transpired for a moment, that answers, phoenix is the blind man. a bad guy, the first don't breathe gave us plenty of reasons to cheer for norman is a veteran who lost his sight in the gulf war. his daughter was killed in a tragic car accident. he was wrong but the justice system, but wider killer work. and he's an old guy in a dilapidated house who just want to be left alone. by the end of the film, it also given us plenty of reasons to feel bad about cheering for him. he seemed to take us statistically in hunting and murdering the home invaders. he had a doctor his child's killer and tied her up in his basement. and despite his protestations to the contrary, he was a rapist. don't breathe 2 seems to go the opposite way. at the beginning of the film, he's not only carry all the baggage from the first movie that would have the audience decidedly not on his side, but norman has now adopted a little girl racer on the lines, and is treating her like a cages bird. but by the end of the film, he has somehow made inroads towards redeeming herself by serving as her protector and repeatedly sacrificing himself to keep her able parents at bay. how you feel about norman at the end of the don't break two will play a big part in whether you like or dislike it. sadly, another factor that will pay a big part is how you interrupt his final words when it seems as though the trait has subsided and relieve his dead. norman in phoenix, here a moment. he is banged up and bloody, no doubt, but old man seems likely to live that when he bagged her to masterful filmmaker is good at manipulating the audience like a marionette, while hiding the story they used to listen. happiness, anger and other emotions. don't breathe too, does not show any signs of a master filmmaker at work. and skeptical interpretation of the operating line could be the director, rhoda shakes, needed norman to say that so the audience would turn against the blind man, pleasing them when he is apparently mortally is tapped second later. a lace skeptical interpretation could be that norman scrams that trait to show character growth in its final moments. in the original, don't break two you went out of his way to tell rocket that he is not a rapist, but simply somehow who offered his captive it deal that she willingly accepted. if you allow the blind man to impregnate her and then carried the baby to term, she would be set free. it's horrific, obviously. but in this twisted mind, it allowed him to justify its actions. so which do you believe is a raved and exploited alignment to make us once and for all? went the blind man dead? or last minute confession that shows he's ready to accept punishment and confessed all signs save me. moments after the aforementioned exchange, norman is established in sims to be on the verge of death. phoenix banks are quite as a father to hang on, showing not only that she cares for him, but also that she forgives him for what he's done. i can save you, she insists. you already have. he replies, and that is that. it's a rare, sweet moment in the don't breathe series. it's also somewhat disheartening, if you take the i wrecked life for what it should be, a confession that he has committed such awful crimes. while norman's mothers could perhaps somewhat be justified the killings, we witnessed all the extraordinary circumstances of self-defense and home invasion, and took up some very bad people who likely would have murdered and otherwise harm to others. but rape, do you really want to think he was saved from any guilt there? again, it's open to personal interpretation of introspection. what you want to save or effectively absolve such a man on his deathbed. at times, don't pray. 2 feels like a really dumb film, but it does give you something substantial to work at. the aim does phoenix get a happy ending? by choosing the name phoenix to introduce herself to the other children and the shelter, she was effectively choosing to go forward in life while embracing the heritage and still that are by the blind man. norman certainly had this issue, but he did teach her self-reliance, valuable, suspicious of her follow human beings, and perhaps the resolve to life a better, more open life after seeing the prison is existence become it. she had told those kids her name was tara, that would most likely have indicated that you wanted to put the norman era of her life behind her, that she would ignore his teaching, suppressed memories of the man, and instead try, most likely falling, to rescue the life she had originally been on before the math explosion. with both of her birth parents now gone, what did she even go back to? obviously she remembers very little of them in whatever lessons they imparted on her during her first few years of life. most likely artwork take forward instead. perhaps he should have got a third route, phoenix. tara could have given the third name, making something up on the spot to indicate a rebirth and a new person to develop. that might have been the most uplifting. and they especially because the audience have been seeming conditioned to despise, not just moments before, okay, he said she saved him, but are we really supposed to want phoenix to grow up to be like the blind man? thanks for watching. and if you are new to our channel, subscribe and click the bell so you don't miss out on our latest videos of this place. you 