[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2017 fantasy drama film the shape of water. so let's get started. the film opens with Eliza Esposito, a mute that communicates through sign language, who also has scars on her neck. she lives in Baltimore in 1962, and his only friends with her, gay advertising illustrator neighbor Giles, and her co-worker, Zelda, who acts as an interpreter for her. at their work, a secret government laboratory where they work as janitors. a mysterious River creature from South America is captured and brought to the facility by Colonel Richard Strickland. Eliza discovers the humanoid creature and begins to develop a bond with it, seeking to exploit the creature for advantages in the space race. Strickland is ordered to physec the creature. a scientist, robert hofstetler, a secret soviet spy, unsuccessfully pleads to keep the creature alive for study. and he is ordered by his soviet leaders to euthanize the creature. eliza learns of the vivisection and has her neighbor, giles help her free the creature. scientist, hofstetler discovers the plans and helps her, and so does zelda. eliza keeps the creature in her bathtub, planning to release him into the ocean in a few days. Eliza and Zelda are interrogated by Strickland, but he finds nothing at the apartments. Giles finds the creature is eating one of his cats. startled, the creature slashes Giles arm and runs. Eliza is able to get the creature back into the apartment. the creature touches giles on his balding head and his wounded arm. and the next day, his hair is growing back and his arm is fully healed. Eliza and the creature develop a romantic relationship, even having sex in the bathroom, which she floods. scientists, hofstetler is shot by his superiors, which Strickland witnesses, kills the superiors in tortures hofstetler for the information on Eliza and Zelda. Strickland threatens and intimidate Zelda at her home, causing her husband to reveal where Eliza and the creature are, and discovers that they're going to the canal. at the canal, Eliza and Giles say their goodbyes, but Strickland arrives and tax them. both Eliza and the creature shot, and they both appear to die. the creature is able to heal himself and then slashes Strickland's throat. as the police arrived, the creature jumps into the canal with Eliza and heals her wounds, Ethan also changes the scars on her neck into gills so she can breathe underwater. as the film conclude, we hear giles expressing that he believes Eliza lived happily ever after with the creature. so that was the spoilers for the shape of water. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 