I so I was recovering from leg my yesterday, so I couldn't upload a video, but it gave me time to dive into a little debate that's been going on online. if you watch the news, you know guns are always being shot. and Disney, I guess, decided to join in on the party, and they fired their own gun. there's definitely a lot of strong opinions when it comes to this one. but from my cartoonish perspective, I noticed a really, really, really weird paradox when it comes to this scenario and Disney. let me explain. if you don't know James Gunn, he was actually married to Pam Beesly from the office in real life. he's also his writer, director, who used to work for Troma, which, if you know those Asylum Red Box movies, those really terrible movies, this company made worse once. they were just like these trihard schlock exploitation b movies. you know, they had a series that was called PG porn with egit actress sasha grey. afterwards, this guy was doing horror movies where aliens went inside of a JJ's somewhere in between. he wrote Scooby Doo too. so when he got picked for guardians of the galaxy. the only reason more people didn't question why Disney chose this random dude, that's because most people didn't know who guardians of the galaxy were. so clearly, this dude used to work with a lot of trihard, schlock value stuff. so what? his decade old tweet resurfaced. I mean, he was fired, Johnson. these tweets are trashed, like it's not just because of the stuff that it's talking about. it ain't even funny. like Anthony Jeselnik says really bad stuff, at at least he has some comedic value in there, depending on how depraved you are, though. it's always, the craziest part to me is when people get so passionate about trending subjects, but you can tell they ain't even researched them at all. well, you can tell when people are just going off of quoted headlines. and it makes you wonder, like, I get that all humans really want everyone's opinion to matter, but if certain humans don't even take the time to read out, I definitely think Disney should have done something to James right? I mean, if Drake Aubrey Graham has enough cleaners to wipe out all the stuff that his baby mama used to do online. and trust me, I have national treasure for it. then I know for a fact that the Mickey Mouse Club had to have run a background check. and, oh, oh, they did already know. oh, and he actually publicly apologized for doing all of these things. so whether people personally like James Gunn or not, it's still kind of weird to see a corporation fire you for something they already knew and talked to you about. they're all sort of things that I've been working on in other movies and and now it feels like I was doing that to sort of lead me to this place, to be able to do it for guardians. now, most people out there do think that these are just bad jokes, right? they're bad tweets. but there are, you know, some people out there who actually, who actually think he has the time to rape little kids while he's running a Marvel franchise. either way, the paradox lies with Disney, because they knew when they hired him his entire past, and they knew that when they hired him, he was writing these scripts to be super personal. like, this guy is from Missouri, just like he wrote star-lord, he said he saw himself the most in rocket, the foul-mouthed, bitter raccoon who makes nasty jokes to hide the fact that he has insecurities, because that's how he grew up. that every time Peter quill gives that speech to reassure his team, when he's really just reassuring himself that that is Gunn's way of motivating his film crew. the man literally was given the Marvel bag and still made sure to cast his original crew. he cast his parents, his friends. some of you, I don't even know that. this guy right here is his little brother, who he specifically makes a leader by the end of the second one, to kind of, in a sense, show how far both of them have come together. so for Disney to profit off a story about a group of scumbags who fixed their ways and realized that their past was wrong, and then just fire the dude who wrote his life for them, y'all, trip it's my commitment that the characters and guardians don't stay the same. they change. yeah, rocket is a different character than he wasn't the first absolutely. star-lord is a much different character. nebula is a way different so you get to know these characters. they get to develop, and as we go on into the third one, they'll get to change even more. I think that that makes it much more enjoyable for you. audience, 