Liss and I'm so glad. and after washes and theatres cuz, well, I do think we overplay the phrase that movie was so bad it almost killed me. legit. if theaters are wrists it with this one, I think it would have made the cool come true. you seem to have all the answers, doctor, why don't you tell me? let me explain. so originally they wanted to adapt this bad boy way back in 2001 when the first book was published. but they dragged longer than george RR martin and let the entire eight books get released before even casting. Weinstein had a version with the Niro as executive producer, which obviously didn't go anywhere. so I think Kenneth Branagh took a time off from being the greatest detective in the world to direct his bad boy. and, oh boy. now, be honest, I was a series of unfortunate events kid growing up with the Battle of the books. obviously, I knew about this series because every time I went to the book fair, it was right next to the Animorphs. but supposedly, after fans waited decades, they combined multiple books into one movie, cuts storylines, swapped characters appearances, and thought they could do that in 90 minutes. you've got so big spoilers. not necessarily to ruin anything, since, well, Disney already ruined it. so we follow Artemis Fowl ii, who was a genius. he's an architect, a chess champion and inventor, and he gets it all from his father. Artemis Fowl at first, what I really want just believe in you, pretty much. he's that father who's taught him everything he's known throughout his life, but also supposedly has never been there throughout his life. Artemis genius callicles wives whose husband leave for a weekend and call themselves single moms on Facebook. and so the dad leaves again, and take me with. you know, his dad becomes the world's most wanted since they connected to the deaths of the Rosetta Stone, a harp the book of kells. and junior immediately gets a call from a mysterious figure who's clearly a lady mom. so now I was just him and his Butler, named Butler, but who doesn't go by Butler? and I'll have to say is, yeah, you have to get my man ounces or more rolls than the young adult babysitter. the stuff you've been giving him. he pulls a hind drill to the secret door to Artemis Fowl, the first secret life of discoveries. and jr. over here just starts researching. that's what we get introduced to their magical Zootopia. and you know what? I can honestly say, they use the budget. they have an interesting take on handcuffs. you know, there's a whole hierarchy at play in the society. there's a some interesting direction. come on. deaf Dame Judi Dench of cats comes in like dr. Nefario pulling up to give a speech. her stance is on keeping her fairy society protected from the outside world, kind of like Wakanda. and so she sends out Holly short, sending the door to her beechwood show to the traitor. and it's a while to think that Saoirse Ronan was reported to play this character early in 2011, which means we wouldn't have gone in probably none of these movies, and she would have been signed on to a franchise, but maybe it would have gotten rid of those. problem is with this, they're adapting a 2001 world for a 20/20 generation. like those kids are marketing to read. the books are now 20 years older than the demo your jokes are aiming at. and unless you're really gonna play into it, you you kind of do have to adapt it for a newer generation. but after all the pre-production lives they went through, they were like, no, honestly, they should have come out alongside agent Cody Banks, not in the era where every kid saw their favorite superhero die up on screen. can you imagine if the dates were push back though, like people had to wait an entire other year for endgame? imagine the world's ending, and these Russo's killed off all of these kids favorite superheroes. oh yeah, half the population because they never got to kill thanos. anyways, after all of artemus files a research he captures Holly. now say what you will about the first 45 minutes, but yo, this dude had a plan. he baits the fairies to come to him, after holding a literal child for ransom, sent in someone to negotiate. you have five minutes. this boy had Judi Trembley, see, they see Artemis father first as a thief, and now they're dealing with his offspring, who's blackmailing them by threatening to expose their very existence. commander, here my terms, but Judi goes. as you are aware, we do not negotiate with terrorists. that said, this lady's getting so desperate that she cuts a deal with mulch dooms. I have a giant dwarf. he's a 400 year old repeated offender of the law. I'll give it to Josh GAD I don't find him funny in like two out of the three movies that he's in, but at least he called it like it is, the siege of the two of us grunting at each other like a pair of hippos with a throat infection. meanwhile, Artemis Fowl ii is falling first crush. how are you expecting this to end with me getting what I want? but honestly, she gets a lot of that because of Holly. she's the one who brings dawn back to life after an ambush, while our own people leave her to die. this boy was the antagonist in the book, but thanks to her, he's made the hero, and she even helps to bring back his father, Artemis Fowl the first meanwhile, the real villain is out there with this master plan of not being able to coexist and wants to systematically wipe out all of mankind. but that's where the sequel in the end, holly gets thanked for saving their secret society. they Dom Toretto mulch. they comes from prison. and this boy really has the audacity to call up the villain to let her know he's coming to get her. boy, you are a child. thank you guys for watching this video. I'm Pearce know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I will say one thing I'm excited for the sequel. honcho actually voices opal, the mysterious, like hidden figure. and I am kind of curious to see her play a villain. if you haven't seen her in homecoming, or even in the episode of forever that she's in, both of those are in Amazon. I think she's really great actress. doesn't mean probably gonna get great direction for the sequel, is what they're doing with her. but I am curious to see where they take it. I'm lying. I'm not curious to see where they take it. like, look at the head it's that they did on this boy. they nice, and they did a nice and take it at in on him. their face swap is the worst. and snapchat, like when you're pulling a D on with your stunts. you know it ain't good. that's sad. if they change the music for the sequel and he's the same way of filming, I'll forgive them. other than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. let me know what other franchise you would like to see get the big screen adaptation, where you would like to see it, cuz I think that's becoming the interesting thing. like you want to see it on HBO or Netflix? I'm gonna stay as far away from Disney Plus as possible. let me know of any other adaptations that are out there that you think have gone under the radar. anything else dealing with recommendations? and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and Judi will pull up every day to wish you a Chavez. Amarna, 