i heard you were here, so i thought i'd pay you a visit. i am grateful for all the money and the gold you gave me last time, but i might have to catch you on the flip side. one is about to walk through that door and murder you. he has graciously been helping me with my cases. yeah, it's like lucifer neverland. like two months since he moved to florida to help with his family's business in hell. you are your own jailer. you brought yourself here los angeles to them. it's only been a few months, a blink of an eye. but down here it's been much, much longer. i am going to solve your murder. look, please, i i don't know exactly what happened with you and eve, because it's best if we step back from working together. put your gun on the counter. he's got news about that, detective. [Music], hello, bad. she's quite capable of taking care of herself. lucifer, hi, i i was looking everywhere for you. i was in florida. my mother was terribly ill. i thought you said you got to take over the family business. indeed. you just lied to her. uh, no, you did. i just kept up the ruse. you never lie. lucifer, i'm not lucifer. lucifer, i'm michael. lucifer told me he had a twin brother, and you are massachusetts, up here playing with his toys. then he will come flying right back up to reveal his true colors. lucy, since who's watching hell? oh, no one. but don't worry. they've all promised to be good little demons. detective, let me explain. mace. i i don't even know who you are anymore. i need, i need to think. detective, what is it that you truly fear? decided, i am not gonna break lucifer's life. i'm gonna take it. i love you, lucifer, and i still do. once i shot lucifer to prove he was the devil, and now i'm shooting you to prove you're not. i'm lucifer's brother, michael, because you made me realize that all my fears that lucifer had changed were just that. are a gift from god. chloe decker, it means that you were never supposed to exist. father made you for lucifer. i'm not afraid of you, michael. now go home. it's time. lucy, you need to come back, showed up on earth, assumed my identity and then wreaked all sorts of havoc on my life. that about covers it. yes, last time i was there, michael had managed to seat himself at father's right hand. michael's become untouchable in the silver city. hello, detective. no, no, get the hell out of here. it's me. it's lucifer. it's really you. this he told me that i was a gift from god. lucifer, i am not a gift from god made just for you, because i thought if i knew the truth, it would mean the feelings that i had for you weren't real, that i feel you were just some, some tool to manipulate me. nice. ah, i missed you while i was gone. you're not my servant anymore, by all means, you're welcome to join me. i don't have wings, you idiots. well, a menadil does. why don't you just ask him to fly you down there? you're abandonment issues. why'd you leave me? eve? brother, you're gonna wonder, maybe it wasn't just the rebellion. that was my suggestion. why? why don't i call you what you know, you really are unworthy. i'm confident this one is all mine. i dealt with the michael problem. he's been manipulating me since the dawn of time. the secret that he kept from chloe and the one that he's keeping from you. i can tell you how to find it out for yourself. tell me the story of your ring, unless you'd rather talk about the handcuffs, the only one who knew her real name, lilith. wait, who's lilith? maze's mother? thousands of years, lucifer, and that ring has always been with me. you mean why you sent your children to hell? i gave you an army, an army i never asked for. i think i've been immortal long enough. i want you to have it. would you like me to bring your children up to say goodbye and undo everything they've learned in hell? they'll never be cast out of the proverbial garden. you can never tell them what i've done today. lucifer, thanks, lucifer. this was fun. i taught you. well, kid, it's me mazzykin. lucifer told you i wanted to know why you abandoned us. i can see you don't need anyone. i heard a voice, a voice that i never expected to hear. and now adele father, and that's it. so i came up here to see my son. when i was very young, i had a baby, a girl. [Music], i just, he just walked away. you ready? her name is, hello. great to see you. this is linda. she's your potential buyer. but who knows when or if adriana will ever be ready to see ah, listen, chloe, your parents are still your parents, and i am so sorry that i didn't tell you any of this earlier. i just, it's okay. here's the woman that lived here, lily rose. she died a couple days ago. a database release form for biological parents so that their adopted kids can find them if they want to. he thinks that you choose to be vulnerable around me, then i choose to be vulnerable around you. hi, ella, i'm pete. maybe it's like a real thank you. i could take you out for a drink or coffee. [Music], yeah, do it again. it's my turn. we can take it from here. dan, [Music], oh, hi, hello. and you truly desire i i want to have sex with you another four times. did i just motto you i don't know. the killer inserted a knife into her throat, made two very precise cuts, slashing her vocal cords. i'm terrified. charlotte, for me, for for chloe. my twin brother hates me because i am his opposite, the good to his bad. we're dealing with a serial killer. the flowers that we thought were diane's, i mean, this is his signature. should i think that is his next victim? look at the wallpaper in the carpet. does it ring a bell? oh, hi. what are you doing here? i'm just going over this case. there's something about it that's bothering me. what are you doing? he's the devil and you've known about it all this time. how did you find out? i saw him that night with her minadil and charlie. i came back and i saw his, his freaking scary-ass red face. what? what's that? it's a key to my place. yeah, that way you don't, you know, have to wait outside for me next week. i was right. klumsky didn't kill the first three. there's another cereal carrot. listen, i got a lead tomorrow in the arts district. detective, do you unscrew that one? you kill people, innocent women. it was my mother, and she didn't hit me. she screamed at me all day, every day. hello, detective. so why are you not afraid of what his newfound invulnerability means? because when i get what i want, so can you what i'm worried about now, isn't michael? he he said that this was all part of some bigger plan. [Music], brother, could you have chosen a worst moment to slow down time? it hasn't slowed. it's stopped. he's just like every other ordinary human child. he'll get sick again. i was hoping that you would spiral out of control, but completely stopping time. amenity. michael is probably responsible for charlie's illness. come on, i would never he's lying again with a blame game. it's not my fault. you impregnated one of these filthy little humans. why are you defending him? because he promised me a soul. michael, he's a liar. you had my mother for me. that's enough. dead children. you know, i hate it when you [Music] fight. you 