my name is amaruwat anisiya ochola. my mom's a home healthcare worker. we just got to evergreen last spring, april. hey, well, what about the guns? that's dealt with. you know that? no, all i know is you and clay said you took care of it. and his trial. and bryce, then the falls along with the dance last spring, and now all this stuff with homecoming. bryce was playing for hillcrest on friday night. he walked off the field and hasn't been seen since. i think something happened to him, that someone did something to him. and they think that someone is mean. you incited a riot, and there are consequences. you're the student body president, for christ's sake. you're supposed to be a role model. i just let's give tyler another chance, exactly, another chance to do it again. what if no one stops him next time? so if you really want to stir some [ __ ] up and make the student council more than just a joke, you should run for next year's president. arnie, my mum is your grandfather's nurse. annie, your captain for 2018. zach dempsey, is tyler alone or what? or i'll hurt you. he's missing. i haven't heard, but we broke up like months ago. zach, i'm pregnant. does bryce know? no. extremely sad news from the evergreen county sheriff. former liberty student, bryce walker was found this you morning. it was murder. they do, as your outgoing student body president, it is my distinct honor to announce next year's president-elect. jessica davis, [Applause], i know what tyler tried to do, and i will be sorry until the day that i die, for what happened that night at your party, and and for everything that happened after. [Music], who out of everyone we knew would be most likely to pull the trigger last night? instead, he had a gun that he needed to get rid of, and this morning we find out. bryce. yeah, jesus. you don't think you would. he's been doing so well. we thought so. survivors and allies only, well, tyler can be an ally, right? tyler, yeah, yeah. spring fling had always been a suicide mission. i want to live and keep getting better and be stronger. and that's that's why i want to give the gun away. bryce wasn't shot. there's a hole in the back of his head. so the papers guessed it was a gunshot. they were wrong, saying he was beaten. we've got blood on the ground and a dead man's car. no more leaks. steroids. bryce was stealing them, but you have montgomery get it. bryce walker got it from brian. why'd bryce want it? leverage, so i wouldn't talk. you know, bryce from hillcrest. how'd you know monty? we met at a party. we have to talk about the mustang. i'm 99 positive it's his. tony told me he sold it to help his dad's shop to a family in arizona. get that side out. bryce blocker, justice for hannah. it's my family that they're gone. nice. oh my god, i'll take the mustang off your hands. you're gonna have so much fun with theo. tomas entia marta, right, the lawyer. it was a bust. my family got deported at the end of the summer, honey, because i had to sit there as the cops show me your underwear with bryce's [ __ ] [ __ ]. on that. okay, right. she's you need to calm down. it was just, it was something that happened. monty pulled my pants down and he put it in me. [Music] either you pay me or you work. no, i'm not doing that. then pay me. it's 5 000 to cover justin's debt and to make sure that you leave him alone. no, i don't. i don't get high anymore. i get by. i maintain i i [ __ ] you were right about ice. i asked my mom about it. my dad gave him up. they're all your tapes. [Music], he gripped my wrists and pushed herself inside of me. to everyone i love, i'm really sorry about all of this, tyler, i'm so sorry. uh, what if maybe after the game we could meet at the navy pier? i didn't rape him. that's [ __ ] insane. you didn't violate him with a broom handle. god, dude, that was a joke. if i hear that you even looked in his direction, then the cops find out about tony's car, about the gun you gave alex. my name is tyler down and i'm a survivor. my name is justin foley, and i'm a survivor. i have a warrant for your arrest for the murder of bryce walker. turn around. your hand's behind you. back. i was five my mom had this boyfriend, this [ __ ] up guy who's just getting high with her. bryce, you should know i i was pregnant. it was yours. i had an abortion. i wasn't alone. i had sex. [Music], i would like to file a report. i could [ __ ] kill you. okay. all right. look, i deserve that one. we're going to hell. well, i'll see you there. he didn't kill him. pricewalker died by drowning. [ __ ] what's the [ __ ] charge? sexual assault in the first degree and maybe murder. so just let learn today. tyler down was almost a school shooter. tony padilla's family was deported because of bryce walker's family. i'm sorry about last summer. i was drunk and really [ __ ] up. it's fine. monday. followed that bus as soon as it left liberty. [Music], you're telling me, montgomery daily cruise. process of elimination. a guy who works for a local dealer hooked into a mexican cartel camarillo. thinks i'm doing sorry, it's got, there's some blood on the kid. ah, here, please take a confession and an apology. it owns up to everything i did once he looked into his eyes. you've hurt everyone i ever loved. monty realized that the cycle had to be broken somehow. so alex would have been there for a friend, for a friend who was maybe more injured by bryce than he was. but montgomery de la cruz was killed in his jail cell just hours ago. so let the dead bury the dead. pepsi stand. i raped you. i heard you say no, and i did it anyway. i raped hannah baker. i i am so [ __ ] sorry for what i did. well, the sheriff and the prosecutor think they have enough evidence to close the case file on bryce walker. he was killed by montgomery nila cruz. oh, now montgomery's dead, so case closed. okay. i love you, son. i love you too. though i i haven't stayed clean all this time. i'm sorry. i'm sorry for lying to you guys. mum, this is clay jensen. we're dating winston. he didn't kill bryce. he was with me. what'd you tell him? you 