[Music]. bad times at the El Royale still lead to one mystery. a man said at the film's close who was on the highly coveted tape that Dalian decided to burn during her and pretend priest Daniel Flint's escape. throughout the movie, there are several clues dropped as to who the featured person's identity is. and I believe that I have the answer. the tape is first mentioned when the FBI agent, played by Jon Hamm, discovers hidden microphones and a camera behind the two-way mirror overlooking the rooms. the agent is there recovering microphones after a surveillance operation. so we can draw the conclusion that whoever they were spying on was a VIP. the agents supervisor also tells him that retrieving the microphones of the utmost importance, and therefore we can guess that should they be discovered, it would have disastrous consequences for the FBI. Father Flynn later discovers the tape hidden in miles his room and instantly recognizes the man on it. he attempts to take it along with the money. and when Billy Lee and the rest of his Co look at the film, they summarized that it's worth more than both lots of money combined. it is hinted that the man on the tape is dead, which is another huge clue to it being ex-president John F. Kennedy. evidence to support this comes when miles is confined and he confesses that he saw a senator, something which Kennedy was before his presidency, being of a prostitute. the time setting of 1969 makes it plausible, as Kennedy had been assassinated by this point. and behind the reception we can see a photograph of Marilyn Monroe, who is rumored to be having an affair with JFK. the El Royale itself is based on the real-life hotel at Cal and never, which was on the border of California and Nevada. this was a hotel at the Kennedys frequented regularly during the 60s. in 2001, the hotel was reopened, and an employee giving it to her stated that Marilyn Monroe stayed there guidon with JFK in a circular bed, whilst bad times at the El Royale never. out-and-out states he was on the tape. Timmy, it's crystal clear. perhaps they avoided naming the person on it due to the potential lawsuits that could bring brother that there's little clues that hint towards the identity of the man in question. so what are your thoughts on who is on the tape? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, check out my ending explained on the movie, linked at the end of this one. this is a channel for people who are mad about movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 