hello everyone. it's recap cinema here. in this video, i will be explaining the movie cashback. one day, this student, ben decides to break up with his girlfriend, and time starts to slow down. after he gets hit in the head with a cup while at school. ben is very tired and slow we see that his ex-girlfriend has already started to date another guy named steve. as ben makes his way through the lunchroom, he becomes very annoyed at his ex, that she is already talking with another guy. he sits down to eat his lunch when his friend shawn sits next to him. they talk about ben's breakup and how she was always looking for a better boyfriend. shawn suggests that ben can find a better girlfriend, and a more beautiful one, like a model. shawn also says that ben's ex-girlfriend would become jealous and try to get him back. ben is at his art class when he is supposed to sketch this nude man. instead, ben peeks around him and sees a girl that he finds beautiful. instead of sketching the man, he decides to draw the girl. but his art teacher says otherwise. so he goes back to sketch the man. over the next few days, ben is not taking the break up well and reminisces on his times with his ex-girlfriend. because ben cannot take the breakup well, he decides to call his ex and see if she wants to get back together. she says their relationship is over and that she is already with another person. after hearing this, ben becomes restless during the day and at night because he has nothing to do and cannot sleep. he goes to a grocery store and sees that the store is hiring he decides to fill out an application, and soon after he is meeting with the manager. jenkins is the manager, and gives him the job. but ben feels like something will change in his life. during his shift, ben has been staring at this bag of peas for a long time. jenkins notices this and scolds ben for not picking up the bag of peas. ben then gets distracted by a woman when she bends down, and realizes that he loves to draw and paint females. he also believes that all women hold power that they are unaware of. jenkins then slaps him on the head and gets him out of his dazed state. as he works through his job, he notices how his coworkers pass time. this girl tries to avoid looking at the time, and when she does, she regrets it. and barry doesn't really work. he jokes around with his coworkers, and this passes time easily. he also jokes around with the customers by putting adult toys in the woman's purses to see if they buy them or not. jenkins spends his time talking about himself and boring his employees. ben has a different way of passing time. ben is able to separate himself from time and see everything as it is frozen. he freezes time and is able to interact and do whatever he wants while time is frozen, mostly consisting of looking at the female body. when ben was young, his family watched a swedish foreign exchange student. this exchange student did not cover herself when walking from the shower to the room, which is partly the reason ben admires the female body more than others. still to this day, ben admires the female body and obsesses about drawing them. he says he often unclothes the females and draws them in the store. then when he wants to return time, all he has to do is crack his fingers in his room. sean meets with him, and they remember a story from when they were young. when they were young, sean's mother went out shopping, so they decided to look at some dirty photos of women. when his mom got back, they quickly put the magazines down and greeted his mom. his mom noticed they were hard and thought they were gay. at the present time, sean says, ben needs to get with a girl for one night. when they were young, shawn realized that the women would be paid a lot of money to undress in front of a camera. sean started to do this, and would pay a girl to undress in front of him. soon after, all the kids would pay this girl to do the same thing to them. at the present time, ben is at a shift. when this girl takes a bite from his sandwich. he has a real encounter with this girl, and he wishes he could live in that moment for weeks. ben then thinks about all the girls he has liked in the past. one instance is of this girl that was in his class. this girl had hurt herself and got a cast that all the kids signed when she got the cast removed. she had a lot of hair, and all the kids bullied her for it. ben comforted her, and they started to date. after that, he remembers when they were about to kiss, but he walked away because he wasn't ready. he still regrets that decision, because the girl moved away before he could kiss her. jenkins then get some of the employees to participate in a soccer game. the score ends up being 26-0, with ben's team losing. after everyone has left, ben is left alone with sharon. they go to a restaurant and start to talk with each other. they talk about ben's drawings, and they become really good friends. jenkins then asks ben to hire a stripper for his birthday party, and ben asks shawn for help. they go to a strip club to hire a stripper, but all ben can think about is sharon. ben talks with sharon about going to jenkins's party when they kiss, and ben is very happy about this. later, ben meets up with sharon and they go to jenkins's birthday party. another day, ben arrives at an art gallery and shows the boss his drawings. this guy allows ben to put his drawings in the gallery for one day. sharon gets mail that says ben will have his art at the gallery. and she decides to go there. when she meets up with ben, she is amazed that the drawings are all of her. they kiss and the time freezes, but for both ben and sharon. they walk outside and kiss once more. this is how the movie ends. let me know what you thought of this movie, and don't forget to drop a like on the video 