welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, episode seven. yes, it's Wednesday. they released it two days early this week so as not to conflict with the rise of Skywalker this Friday. go watch my full Star Wars saga recap if you haven't yet. it's hilarious. and as for the Mandalorian, this is a big episode. things happen with the main plot. so if you haven't watched it yet, go check it out on Disney Plus right now, and then come back here for my recap. it begins with a call from the bounty guild leader, Carl Weathers. mando shot him last time they met, but it's like, hey, what's up? I survived. it's like, you know the client that wanted baby oh no. he's this ex Imperial guy and he's basically taking over the city. I'm not down for that anymore. let's join forces to take him out. we'll clear your name with the bounty guild and we'll all be happy. now, this would be fantastic. mando and baby Oda could finally stop running. but commando trust Carl Weathers, not really. so he's recruiting some backup of his own. he's bringing back all the one-off characters from the season. first stop is the badass Republic Commando. she's doing some classic pit fighting, but man does like, hey girl, I need your help to take out annex Imperial warlord. and she's like, hey, you had me at X Imperial. while they're hanging out on the ship, baby Yoda is classically getting up to shenanigans. oh, who got the old ship? yeah, he was pressing all the buttons. they're like, we need someone to watch this guy. so he goes to get a babysitter. it's the I have spoken dude. and hanging out with them is the self-destructing bounty hunter droid from episode 1. yeah, he wasn't found his body and reprogrammed him to be just a servant droid. now, we know the Mandalorian hates droids, and we haven't gotten the backstory, but we've seen in his little flashbacks, it looks like it was droids that killed his family. but little dudes like, hey, droids just do what they're programmed to, and I trust this one. so they ride off together. mando and commando are arm wrestling. PB, oda wants to help out his friend, but he does it by force choking her. oh, no, bad. baby oda, what? yeah, we haven't seen him use his force power since the early episode, but he still got him. then they fly on down in rendezvous with Carl Weathers. it seems like they can trust him for now. plans real simple. they're gonna bring in mando and baby Yoda as bait and then kill the guy. he's only got four bodyguards at a time, and they figure once they kill him, the rest of the stormtroopers will scatter. there's immediately something unexpected, though. they're attacked by pterodactyls. yes, looping out of the our goal. they're shooting all around. one of them grabs a blerg and carries it away. oh, they managed to scare them all off, but Carl Weathers was scratched real bad. and these things have poison claws. it's, it's spreading. he gonna die. but baby Yoda comes in and does a little Healing Touch. Oh, works. he feels his arm totally. so the next morning they get to the edge of town, and looks like the bounty guilds betraying them. but, Oh, Carl Weathers takes them out. he's like, yeah, sorry, mando. my plan was definitely to betray you. but since baby Yoda saved my life, I feel bad. let's actually work together and do the plan. commandos like, look, let's not actually put baby Oda in danger. I have spoken, guy, take him back to the ship. we'll go in with the empty crib now. the city is fully under this. dudes control stormtroopers everywhere. they go to the client, hey, we captured the Mandalorian in baby Oda for you. the clients real happy. he really wants this baby Yoda. they slipped mando a gun, like, all right, when he sits back down, take the shot. but while the clients on the phone, oh, he got shot. and someone shooting up the whole place, taking out all the stormtroopers. who is this? is it mantas mental Orion friends? no such luck. they're badass, new armor stormtroopers. and an entire squad of stormtroopers coming in. a TIE fighter flies in, bringing the real big bad it's Giancarlo Esposito, Gus from Breaking Bad. he's some other ex imperial bigwig, and he wants baby Yoda for himself. means more to me then you will ever know. mandos like, yo, I have spoken, guy. we're trapped here. take baby Yoda and bail but it's too late. they're already on his trail. he's riding like the wind. is he gonna make it in time? no, he does not. oh, they killed him. he was such a nice guy. the storm troopers snatch up baby Yoda, and that's how the episode comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 