hit me as hard as you can. hi, I'm Luke Ryan, and welcome to movie endings explained. in this episode, we're going to be taking a look at the 1999 classic, The Sixth Sense. the chilly, psychological, supernatural thriller was a huge success, becoming the second highest-grossing film of that year, second only to Star Wars. one of the hottest topics for film fans in 1999 was that twist ending. many people who experienced the Sixth Sense for the first time had already been aware of the film's final revelation. and yet it's a story that's so well crafted and performed that it still packs a punch whether you know or you don't. it's also one of those films that carries the burden of a perspective altering twist at the end that doesn't make the film feel hollow when you re watch it, but makes the experience all the more richer as you spot the clues along the way. some 20 years after its release. M night Shyamalan, The Sixth Sense still retains its power, but does its infamous twist ending really need to be explained, as can sometimes be the case? no, not really. but an exploration of its ending can be interesting, especially when you consider the idea that this film has more of a twist opening, one that sets up everything you need to know as you enter the main storyline. the film centers around Bruce Willis's character, Malcolm Crowe, a child psychologist, and Cole, played by Haley Joel Osment. Malcolm is trying to help Cole, who is a disturbed young boy suffering from a possible mood disorder. his mother, Lynne, is struggling as a single mother. her husband has left her, and the death of her own mother is hanging over her head. there is a strangeness to call that she's definitely aware of, but unable to break through on either. this is where Malcolm comes in, assigned to help Cole, who at first is resistant to Malcolm, but the two eventually grow close. Malcolm is struggling with his own marriage. his wife is distant and cold towards him, but in the end, Malcolm and Cole end up helping each other. approximately halfway through the film, Cole reveals to mal his secret, the reason he's so haunted. it's a moment that has since been parodied into the ground and swiftly entered the pop-culture lexicon immediately, but when viewed in the context of the film, it still resonates strongly. and so for the second half of the film, Malcolm's skepticism is tested. he begins to realize that a patient he had tried to help years before, Vincent gray, may have been suffering from the same ability that Cole has also been burdened with. Malcolm had been unsuccessful with Vincent, and so he tries to help Cole find some sense of resolution to his problem. they find a use for his sixth sense, his ability to see dead people and interact with them, by having Cole figure out what the ghosts he's seeing is still holding on to. they appear as they did when they died, and are very clearly still struggling with their afterlife, especially as they don't even realize they're dead. Cole ends up helping a young girl who was poisoned by her mother, revealed the truth at her funeral, which is a heartbreaking and horrifying moment that nevertheless serves as a catharsis for this young ghost. Cole has found a purpose, a way to use his ability for good, which leaves Malcolm to try to reconcile his marriage. his wife, Anna has fallen asleep watching their wedding video. this is the moment that not so much the penny drops, but Malcolm's wedding ring drops. I see people they don't know. [Music], everything begins to slots into place. the film had opened with the prologue of sorts, with Malcolm and Anna confronted by a now adult Vincent gray Malcolm's former patients. he held Malcolm accountable for the way his life had turned out, and shoots him before turning the gun on himself. [Music]. this opening sequence then gives way to the following year, where we assume that malcolmus survived the gunshot and is now having marital problems that stemmed from that traumatic experience. as Malcolm begins to realize that he died that night, Shyamalan shows us some of the ways in which this twist really works and isn't just a cheap gotcha style reveal. as Malcolm comes to terms with the truth, he goes back to Anna and reconciles their unfinished business, namely her feeling that he always placed his work above her. even though she's asleep, it appears as though, he's actually able to communicate with her, that she heard his message. and this last scene finally brings closure to Malcolm's afterlife. so the big twist is, of course, that Malcolm was dead for the majority of the movie and the entirety of the main storyline. and here are some of the ways in which M Knight really played fair with this twist. so the final revelation really feels earned. right from the beginning of the film we see Malcolm get shot. it's almost too bold. it gives the game away instantly. but you still have no reason to believe that, when we first see Malcolm sat on a bench opposite Cole's house, that he's a ghost. even when Cole spots Malcolm and begins to run away, it doesn't signpost the twist all that obviously at all. at this point we don't know that Cole can see the dead. but even so, how would he know that Malcolm is a ghost initially? later on, we learned that Cole sees ghosts the way they were when they died. throughout the film, Malcolm mainly wears a long coat, covering up his shirt. Cole says that dead people only see what they want to see. so it stands to reason that our perception of Malcolm as an audience is the way that he still sees himself. Cole, on the other hand, would have seen Malcolm the way he was when he died, with a bloody shirt from his bullet wound. so he immediately knew that Malcolm was a ghost. then there's the way that Malcolm interacts with other people in the film, all the huge lack thereof. we see a suggestive shot of Malcolm sitting with Lynn Cole's mother, which seems to hint that the two had just been talking, but of course, they haven't. when Malcolm is late for his anniversary dinner with his wife, he doesn't physically interact with anything, and she is simply commemorating the anniversary alone. throughout the film, Malcolm struggles with the door to his office in the basement of his house. it doesn't open every time he tries him. we see him fishing around in his pockets, and cut to him walking down the stairs, but we never see him actually open the door. at the very end of the film, he notices that Ana has placed a table in front of the door, which is why he was unable to open it. the doorknob of the door is also red, which is a key color in the film in the sixth sense. more often than not, red equals dead. at the beginning, when Cole runs away from Malcolm, the door to the church is a vivid Dario Argento. red death is the most inescapable part of Cole's life, and the first of many hints. then there's Anna, who frequently uses a red blanket as she clearly still grieves for her late husband. at the anniversary dinner, she wears a red dress. when Cole becomes too scared of the ghosts that constantly haunts him, he hides inside a red fort filled with religious icons. the mother who poisoned her daughter wears red at the funeral. it's a cool theme, attic clue that's never really obvious unless you're looking for it. red acts as a kind of bridge between the land of the living and the land of the dead. when Cole is led to the violent spirits at the top of the spiral staircase, it's a red balloon that leads the way. and then there's the final scene with Cole and his mother, Lynn, when he convinces her of his gift and brings her closure over her own mother's death. in that scene, she's also wearing red. perhaps the biggest clue though, is the classic scene in which coal reveals to Malcolm that he sees dead people. at one point, he even looks down towards Malcolm stomach, where he would no doubt be seeing the bullet wound that killed him. but more precisely, when he references the fact that dead people don't even know that they're dead, and that they only see what they want to see, he's describing Malcolm who is still in complete denial over his situation. and as Malcolm sought to reconcile his marriage and succeed in helping a boy like Cole, where he had failed in helping a boy like Vincent, our two main characters end up helping each other. Cole now has a purpose to help ghosts living in a painful limbo reach a state of peace to move on to another existence. and he actually gives Malcolm some advice that takes on a whole new meaning when you know that Cole always knew that Malcolm was a ghost. wait till she's asleep, then she listen you, and she won't even know it Cole knew that the only way that Malcolm could feasibly make amends with Ana was to do so while she was sleeping. and once Malcolm realizes the truth at the end of the film, he takes Cole's advice to hearts and uses it to bring this heartbreaking tale to a bittersweet close. it's one of the most famous twist endings of all time at this point, but thankfully, it's one that still more than holds up even 20 years later. everything will be different in the morning, you 