welcome to the heavy spoilers show. as always, I'm your captain. definition. we're at the final frontier of Picard, with season one now officially coming to an end. there's a lot to unpack from the latest entry. and throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down everything that happens in the new episode and what the ending means. a couple of theories came true, a couple didn't, and overall, there's a lot to discuss in this extremely emotional episode. we will be engaging with heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to catch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and if you enjoyed the coverage, then please drop a thumbs up. without the way, thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of Picard, episode 10. the episode opens with narak fleeing to the ball cube. after he escaped, or was rather let free, by Sutra last week. he's pretty much become a wild card that could bring her revolution crashing down. as he sneaks in, we see Ellen all, and seven of nine discussing their kinship and how neither really have a home. this sort of plays into the ending of the episode, which we'll discuss later in the video. but there is this aesthetic laced throughout the entry. l know is, of course, from Romulus, which was destroyed during the supernova. and it's nice to see them at least paying lip service to their similarities. Nerissa has been hiding on the cube, but I'm sure we saw her get beamed out of there when the Borg ambushed her. there was definitely a glow, and then we watched the ships leave the area. but my mistake, if I took that the wrong way, I think that this return was pretty poorly handled, as she did get swamped, and then all of a sudden she's just been hiding out. a lot of the characters have just shown it when they needed to, and I don't know, it just feels like a bit of lazy writing. the two end up splitting up, and as predicted, narrow ends of changing sides during the entry. he's had a strong connection with shoji throughout the season, and this does make a lot of sense for a number of reasons. anyway, Picard is on house arrest. and Xochi visits him here. he tries to dissuade her from building the beacon to some of the higher level since that can wipe out all of life in the universe. I love the line where Picard states that thinking that they have no choice is a lack of imagination and over also, Patrick Stewart does a great job of arguing his point throughout the entry. you can see him slowly start to win so around, and he has some big moments in this finale. also, hats off to Esau Brianna's who's played so gee, dodge and Sutra. throughout the season. each character has felt different to the other, and she's probably had the toughest job out of all of the cast, and has handled it really well. Rafi and arias reactivate the ship, and Eric reaches out to them in order to save the universe. this has been his gold throughout the season, and I don't really think it mattered to him too much which side he was on, and thus him going or Benedict Arnold is actually believable. he tells the story of gamma Dom, an ancient myth similar to Ragnarok, which prophesizes two demon sisters that come at the end of time and unleash a great amount of monsters through blowing a horn. it is, of course, very similar to this episode. and rather than being a prophecy, narak actually believes that it's history which will repeat itself. agnes talks with soon about activating the synthetic body that will allow him to do a mind transfer. now, it's rather a shout out other YouTube channels, but definitely check out our partner, one bomb alarm, which dropped a fan Theory last week that said soon was law. it doesn't turn out to be true, but it actually makes this episode seem a lot better. and he argues some great points. it's definitely a challenge you should be checking out in general. and his theories got me thinking a lot about Sutra and what she represents. similar to law, Sutra and Janna were created first before Sochi, and dodged laws made to perfect in some ways. and this had massive effects on his personality, and thus he became a narcissist that believed himself superior to humans. this motif is seen in Sutra, who, to was created to be perfect. she's pretty much seen as the leader of the synths and has likely ruled over the colony, even placing herself above soon. in many ways, this episode does indicate that she has supplanted her creator, and thus she is the perfect person, or rather Android, to fit the role of the destroyer. she hasn't seen first hand organic life and has only really heard stories about their prejudices. juxtaposing this Shoji actually has. and she realizes throughout the episode that people are just acting out fear in their hate for the androids. it really speaks volumes to first-hand experience versus secondhand knowledge, and how in Ben mental towards people that we haven't really seen up close, it can lead to unfounded hate and distrust. gamma Dom has clearly inspired a lot of hate in the Romulans, and to me, it echoes how things can become ingrained in societies that lead to people hanging at the groups of people. the crew of La Sirena techn Eric to the compound is a prisoner. Agnes breaks Picard out, and soon recovers the memory from the murdered droid and discovers that Sutra was behind it. with the Romulan fleet approaching, Picard decides that he cannot abandon the children of soon, and he wishes to give them an example of how human life really is. soon confronts Sutra and deactivates her, whilst the crew disable the beacon. seven of nine and IRISA go head-to-head on the Borg cube, and it really ramps up towards a big battle. I also got to hear the term off meat, which I'll be using to call my mate with a prosthetic on from now on. so thank you for that, Nerissa. Nerissa get some really good dialogue when going against seven, and I think it's one of the best battles in the series. this for saying all that, though, I do think that they did rush to this point. I was expecting Sutra to be a much bigger foe for the finale, but she's pretty much relegated to playing second or even third fiddle with what's going on. you've got the big space battle, the seven verse and IRISA fight, and the one at the Beacon. so it doesn't really feel like the ideas that were building up last week get a chance to develop. I wasn't disappointed with any of the action. it just felt like they were so desperate to get to this that they dropped a lot of the plot threads that had built the wards. they had the first opportunity. seven kills Nerissa. as the battle outside the planet rages on, agnes talks about the maneuver that the stargazer pulled off, and this ties back to the first episode in which the ship made an appearance as a model. the two enactus strategy on a grander scale to make it look like they have an entire fleet. and it isn't too long before they're joined by a real one. now, watching Riker arrive back in the uniform is a standout moment for the entire season. though I love the ending he got with his family, I must admit, seeing him return in this way gave me goosebumps. and it feels like one of the big money shots that the show has been building towards. the Ihram Oryx syndrome that Picard has been suffering from starts to go critical, and he pleads with shoji to dismantle the beacon and Prue everyone wrong he trusted to make the right choice. and it's a really heartfelt moment. after she turns off the transponder, the Romulans return, and Riker retreats after giving a respectful goodbye. tis jean-luc Picard collapses and Shoji beams him back to the planet where he I'm not crying. you're cry. now, CBS did greenlight a second season and set up that there was a duplicate body, so I did know that this wasn't going to be permanent. though it does pull out the heartstrings. they dragged the death and the grief that follows it out for as long as possible. and hell, they even knew was sort of Forrest Gump ending with a butterfly. and it does feel more impactful than if they had have just initially turned around and resurrected him. we learned that in his dying moments, dr. Soong and Coe were able to scan a complete neural image of his brain and download his consciousness into a machine. through a quantum simulation, the show constructs a sort of afterlife for both Picard and data to have an exchange in Picard never got the chance to tell data that he loved him, but through data's memories, we learn that he knew, he always did. it's through this conversation that data tells becau that his consciousness still exists, as he downloaded it before his death. he states that though many desire immortality, he wishes to die to learn what it truly means to be human. this ties back to the book that Rios was reading earlier in the season, which was the tragic sense of life. this book states that in order for life to have true meaning, it must be finite. it's only with the knowledge of death that we give anything true value. and I did like how the conversation alluded to data's wish for death in order to gain purpose. they say their goodbyes, and Picard returns to the land of the living through the hosts body that soon was creating last week. it has no augmentations of how\xc3\xads, and it's pretty much the same crappy old body that he had last time. but he no longer has the brain abnormality. couldn't you just put him in a 21 year old body or something? you guys suck. either way, it sort of resets things to the status quo. and Picard appreciates that his days are still numbered. Picard shuts down the matrix that data's consciousness now lives in, and we watch his he ages and dies. it's a spellbinding exit for the character. and had to say that this, coupled with the other aforementioned elements in the episode, made it the best. and this fall on the ship, everyone pretty much gets a happy ending. Rafi and seven get their moment that that they get woke. well, bro, crowd are gonna go wild over Agnes in Rio show that the leaks weren't true. and so Jim Picard realized that they found a home in one another. the ban on synthetics is now lifted, and the group head out into the stars on their way to season two. I have no idea what happened in Eric though. anyway, as a whole, I've really enjoyed Picard. there have been a couple of moments here and there that I think failed, but overall, I was quite surprised to see a lot of backlash towards the series, especially when I enjoyed it quite a lot. I guess no one hates Star Trek more than Star Trek fans. but bar some consistency problems with the original continuity, I felt like it has been an interesting progression for the character. I saw a lot of comments as I was doing the recap, which stated that Star Trek had suddenly become Welk. but growing up, to me, it always kind of was. this was a show that had the first interracial kiss on mainstream TV, often explored ideas of immigration and what it meant to be human. and season one sort of felt like a continuation of that. by the pronunciation of a couple of people's names changing every 13 seconds and a couple of other CGI moments, it's hard to really fault a production, and for a first entry in a new chapter, it felt like a great way to start. I found the new characters all interesting, and I love the subversion that they did with the Borg. I know for sure that I'm nowhere near as close to the property as some of the people crying out that it sucks, aw. but as a casual fan, it got me way more interested in Star Trek than I ever was before. so, yeah, in my eyes, that's not a bad thing. but due to some big diversions from the next generation, I can't see why some are disliking the show, even if I don't agree with them. overall, though, I had a lot of fun with it, and I'm really interested to see where the season goes in the future. the finale was the best of the run, and I had so many amazing moments that I'm really excited to see more. I do you feel like they explored some interesting ideas, took jean-luc on a journey that really evolved the character, and also put some pieces in place that will lead to new adventures down the line? for me, picaud season 1 was a fun ride, an overall, is a complete package. at score it at a 7 out of 10. obviously, I'd loved hear your thoughts on Picard, so comment below and let me know. I just want to give a huge thank you to everyone who's followed us alongside the series. and it's been great watching you fill the videos with comments and what you've taken from the show. we're currently doing breakdowns of Westworld season 3, so if you're watching that, then make sure you check them out after this. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, and there's a thank you. you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 