welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, the guy who started the hashtag Snider cut for Bieber. and this video, were breaking down some amazing news in regards to the film. it's time to throw away your copy of Justice League. get your fake mustaches out. and Tommy, do you read? because we're going through a big article from heroic Hollywood. sorry about that. I was terrible. in the last year, we've really seen the release of the Snyder Kirk get more and more hype surrounding it. it trended worldwide on the anniversary of Justice League, had numerous stars share the hashtag, released the Snyder cut. and Zack has been heading up his Bureau account with images of the film. there's been a ton of back-and-forth around the project, and two weeks ago, we reported that Andy signor had posted an article stating that the cut would not release, and that Warner Brothers were furious with the director. we did say that we thought this wasn't true, and now it looks like it is. numerous people have come forth and stated that this is fake news. so it's looking worse than a CGI upper lip for fandom wire right now anyway, throughout this video, we're going to be going through a new report that looks like some amazing news for fans of the film. before we get into that, though, make sure you subscribe to the channel to never miss an update on the movie. and please drop a thumbs up if you're excited for the announcement. anyway, without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the news. okay, so as of the 17th of May, website heroic Hollywood posted a big report on the progress of the movie. I'll leave a link to in the description below if you want to read the full thing, but basically, it goes through a lot of the characters that were missing from the release, as well as the screening that Snyder reportedly held for Hollywood execs. it says, after Zack Snyder left Justice League following a family tragedy, Joss Whedon was brought on board to help finish the DC team of movie. The Avengers director oversaw the completion of the film, adding in his signature light comedic tone and trimming the adventure down to a two hour runtime. most recently, Justice League cinematographer Fabian Wagner claimed that the studio even changed the color palette of the film after Snyder's exit. unfortunately, Justice League was met with a disappointing critical reception, and all made a disappointing 657 million at the box office, reportedly losing Warner Brothers 60 million fiber. as of February 6th, we have learned that Warner Brothers were interested in revisiting the project. now, the cost was always a point of contention with the piece, and I've stated one of the main things holding back the cuts release was because Warner Brothers had already lost money on the project, and thus would have to take another gamble. people will argue about what day it is on YouTube with you, so a stop saying this after a while, because for some reason there were accounts that just wouldn't accept the main thing holding back the Snyder Kurt was the profitability of the project. I've always thought that in order to release it, Snyder would have to complete most of the work his end, and then the studio would take the reigns for things like VFX and additions that he was not able to do on its own. this was further filled by a number of people confirming they'd seen the cut, including stunt coordinator, Eunice hood Hart and Jason Momoa. Kevin Smith also stated he'd spoke to people who'd seen it, and they'd said that it was watchable from a production perspective, but that the VFX wasn't finished. this naturally built a lot of excitement around the piece. and every time we get news like this, it feels like another milestone has been reached. the report states that in February 20 2002, film two executives who were interested in seeing the current state of his snyder cut. they say it seems like a recent screening of the film could lead to a wider release. heroic Hollywood has exclusively learned and confirmed that Zack Snyder held a private screening of his cut of Justice League in the first quarter of 2020, with executives from DC. in attendance. according to an individual with knowledge of the situation, something is happening with the Snyder cut of the film, and discussions are currently underway. we can take this one step further and report that, according to our sources, this screening took place on Thursday, February 6th. no details emerged about what came of the screening, but reports confirm it happened. now what this does mean is that Warner Brothers are indeed interested in seeing the potential at the movie holds. that anticipation is at an all-time high with the project, and it's hard to turn a blind eye to the constant outcry for its release. the have been rumors that this film is going to release alongside the launch of HBR Max. I've always saw that this was a bit stupid, as there was absolutely no promotional material to confirm this, and it had not been reported by a legitimate source or even leaked. there will be a ton of eyes overseeing the streaming service before it launches. I think that at some point we would have heard of its existence if this had been the case. that doesn't mean I don't think it won't eventually hit it, but I think that the rumors have been dropping with the release of the platform or a bit. and found it it was rumored that Schneider needed to shoot some additional scenes, such as the Martian Manhunter one, and also one featuring some of the key characters. I've always thought there's no way in hell that they would get Ben Affleck back. but I guess we will see if it goes ahead. if it's just a couple of days of shooting, who knows. but they would also have to secure Henry Cavill, which, yeah, that's a totally different video right there. so it does seem like the wheel's who are at least in motion for the project. however, there's one big spanner in the works that I think will likely delay the release quite a bit. and that is the imposed quarantine that currently exists in LA. as the film still needs additional VFX, it seems highly unlikely that things will be ready for HBO max's release, i would say, with the lockdown in place, until august 2021 would be the release of the project, at the earliest. it then has to be marketed, and the studio also has to decide whether to release it through physical media or on HBO max. HBO max is not available in the UK. and thus they would have to find an alternate solution in order to get the film out there. this would add more complexities to the production of the piece. so I think it will still be a while before the ball gets fully rolling. actually, think what may happen is that the film could even end up being shown in an episodic format across HBO max and then through something like Amazon Prime video over here. the Curtis Room it to be over four hours long. and in order to drive subscriptions and increase profitability, I can see Warner's wanting to milk it as much as possible and drop the cut week by week, in as many episodes as they can. we all know it cost millions of dollars the CGI our moustache, and Warner Brothers will likely want to recoup as much as they can. just should have just let them have a beard like the comics idiots. however, they would also have to have Schneider agree on this, and he may not want to slice up his film. so yeah, a lot of things up in the air about the project, but at least they're getting things going. anyway. cinema blend followed up on this report by stating that Schneider is now playing ball with the studio and that he's currently obeying NDA's and gag orders. so this could be why he stopped talking about it publicly. he even cut off the Batman V Superman stream just before discussing it. so if we don't hear anything about it for a while now, I think this will be why? another interesting aspect that plays into all of this that I haven't really seen many people talking about is how this will leave the stay of the DC EU. if it's successful, what if fans absolutely love the cut, but the DC EU is now on a completely different track, and this Warner Brothers will have to make some changes. dioxide was originally supposed to appear in the film, and we've seen as confirmed by multiple reports. so I don't know whether they would now keep this in the movie as canon and move forward with the villain as a big bad or merely introduce him in New Gods. yeah, it's a very weird situation. and there is also, of course, Batman. after Affleck hit in the impasse over his Dark Knight solo movie, Robert Pattinson was recast as the character. and though we don't know if the new Batman film will be linked at the DC EU, it certainly makes things slightly more complicated. Snider's v film plans sounded amazing, but it's pretty much been fully dropped now due to the recasting and removal of certain key elements of the DC you add to that, the studio has to decide what to do with Amber Heard and Ezra Miller. and you have a lot of things with its release that all need to be handled carefully. the reason that Warner Brothers waited 26 years to release their dick Donecker of Superman 2 is because they wanted everything to have settled and for there to not be any problems going forward. so yeah, overall, just a lot of complicated things. I think with the Snyder cut, everything surrounding the movie is as interesting as the movie itself. and if it does turn out to be a success, it will be intriguing to see whether it was shaped the DC EU as we know it, or if the studio decide to remain on cause with that current era action. I guess time will tell, but let's at least celebrate another hurdle being crossed in terms of the film's eventual release. now, obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on these updates, if you think they're true or not, and what format you hope to see it take. make sure you comment below and let us know. and if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of the new Batman rubber pants, an interview at the end. if you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition. whitey will click the discord link in the description below. every month you give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this month, he can win the Marvel phase three, part two box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you so what, no applications on. the more videos a comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 