welcome to the man recaps. this is His Dark Materials. episode 5, Lyra and the gang are headed north to save the kids from the gobblers. they've brought some sleds. unfortunately, they got a few miles of non snow terrain to cross first. but were immediately interspaced with shots of this totally new dude. he must be the son of Professor Gruman. that lured boreal searching for his name is will, and apparently he's in the prophecy too. he's got a big role to play. Lord boreal talks to his mom like, oh, I was in the army with you all's been now. how's he doing? how's the old chap? but she's like, my husband's dead. and is scared of him and runs away. turns out wills mom has some problems. paranoia about men following her and asking about her husband is actually kind of normal. it's weird that it's happening this time. Bill's a real sweet kid. he takes such good care of his mom. she runs and checks on the letters that her husband wrote her. there probably about his traveling to other worlds and how his son will have to follow in his footsteps one day. Lord Falls like hey, Lyra, check the elite the ometer. see, like, what's waiting for us up ahead? I wish they went into a little more detail of her interpretation of the symbols, because somehow from this she gets that there's like 60 men, exactly. but also a mysterious warning, before you go, you have to make a detour and find a ghost. she brings this news to fodder coram, but he's like, Lyra, we don't have time for side quests right now. let's just stick with the main plot. okay. like any good kid, Lyra knows when your father says no, you go ask your mom. father. coram sneaks out at night to meet up with his old girlfriend, Serena, the winch Serafina. in fact, these names are are tough. he's not father coram, by the way. he's farter coram, which is pronounced like a guy who farts, but spelled with a D. these two were lovers. she has an age because she's a witch, and she's like, hey, actually, I'm still into it. I like old hairy men. yeah, big bear. come here. give mama some honey. they had a son together, but he died of disease. and so these two broke up, I guess. anyway, she's like, yeah, I'll help you out, but I can't like, actually stick around. I got to go do witch stuff in the morning. Lord Falls like, labra, I've reconsidered. if your magic golden compass is telling you we have to do this, I'd better listen to it. and she's taken her bear with her, yeah, riding through the snow. this is Lyra's dream come true. Leron york bond a bit. she's a feisty little kid, and he's a grumpy old bear. apparently he was a prince of the Bears, but he was exiled because he killed another bear. probably for a good reason, though, we'll see. they go down to the spooky seaside town, which would not be scary at all if it wasn't nighttime. after an incredibly long, intense horror build-up, there's nothing in the shack at all. it's actually just young Billy Costa. what they found him. but wait, something's wrong. where's his demon? yes, this confirms what we suspected from the blueprints. they are, in fact, separating kids from their demons. to what end? we can only guess. it's made Billy, though, a total shell of a human being. he doesn't speak or anything, and very soon he just dies. later that night at the Gyptian camp, people are sneaking on in Lyra hears something and goes to check it out. and who she's gobbled up again. she's carried off two bull Vanguard the station where they've taken all the kids. huayra knows that she's wanted, so she gives them a fake name, Lizzie Brooks. first thing they do is try to grab a pen to see if he can change shape. still, it seems it's important they cut these kids before the demon settles down. and so Lyra is young enough they're bringing her in. how's she gonna get out of this one? find out next time on his Dark Materials. [Music] 