before we begin, let me start by saying, oh, the title of this movie says it's going to be scary. i might need me a odometer. cuddle up too, or sam wheat, or both. don't look at me like that. molly, gonna do it. then y'all gonna think it's sweet, but when i say it, it's creepy. the stars of our movie today are some hots with a perfect, some hot ass who's a perfect, oh lordy. gi jane, she was hot and scary like this movie. and sister dolores van cartier, take me to church, baby play a store begins with these hotties, molly jensen and sam wheat, along with their friend carl bruno, repairing their new apartment in manhattan, which will be the first space the lovely couple occupies together before tragedy inevitably strikes. and no, carl bruno, you are not invited. this a b relationship, and you can see your way out. you already know what's on carl bruno's mind, seeing his way into molly's pants and into a new lamborghini. and sam wheat's like, i think you better finish paying off your hoop dick. and carl brenda's like, i will as soon as prospect plays. willie step up. whoop. wasn't supposed to say that. you see, carl bruno is not only a good friend, but he is also an employee at the bank where sam wheat makes all his bank see, hello, black book. they ain't got the numbers of sam reid's pooty stash? oh no, that book has something way more valuable, the numbers to access bank accounts which contain large sums of money, which carl bruno desperately needs. thanks for showing us how you carried in your wallet, sam wheat. there may be useful information in a few minutes. when you die in bed that night, sam wheat tells molly he has a feeling of impending doom. and he says, whenever anything good in my life happens, i'm afraid i might lose it. oh, no, sam weed, no, no, no. it's not going away. you are later. molly can't sleep, so she gets up to do a little work. she's an artist. and sam wheat sits down beside her, like, you want to slip your hands around my vase? y'all all know this scene, right? they had the clay on them. but then they suddenly get clean and then get all dirty. what in the world must aston could you have thought watching this scene? all right, he ain't born yet. i'd like to think his 12 year old self was thinking, as soon as my huevos drop, imma get me a woman just like that. so back at the bank, sam, we worried. and call bruno walk in like he don't know what's going on. and sam weed is like, there's too much money in these accounts. so carl bruno is like, where are you molly going tonight? old ballet good. i need to know so i can tell prospect place willie, because he's coming to give y'all a thrilling. sam, wheat, i hope you like that shirt. and then molly and sam have this romantic conversation where molly says, i always tell you i love you, and then all you say is ditto. and sometimes folk need to hear the words because they don't entertainment. oh, [ __ ] here's prospect place, willie, coming to wreck this romance. we better get the gun out of this. and he asked for the wallet, and sam, we won't give it to him because his dumb bit carries the bank code book and his wallet to the ballot, i mean, ballet. and then willie hits millie, i mean molly. and now you're going to get the same weak beat. but will he pull out the heat and really make your body chilly? but sam, we didn't get the memo. the man is always the last to know. see, sam thought when you died, you just blacked out. i bet a lot of y'all think that too. but this movie here about to show you a little something. and god is like, you coming bit. i can't keep this door open on me damn day. look at sam. shark just that there's life after love, or that you can still love after life, or whatever. and he just wanted his paw daddy around the hospital thinking, is that how a nice night out with my woman ends me sitting next to my own smelly corpse, talking to this other ghost, smelling like denture grip? this is a sh week, ending up at your own funeral, and you can't even wear black. can't drink some booze and get face to deal with your own death. gotta watch carl bruno trying to see his way into the main code book in your woman's pants. watch the man that killed you walk into your apartment. and how the hell he'd be walking up them steps? my guess is because you can't have a ghost movie with a ghost be falling straight through the flow. and sam follows willie onto the train, where he meets another very paranoid ghost, and then follows willie up to his prospect place. and samweet's like, who you gonna call? oh, this [ __ ] getting too dark. you know what? this video needs another comedian. see when you did, you got a lot of time on your hands. you know, eternity has a sense of foreverness. sounds boring, really. and so sam we moses on over to this parlor where he meets oda mae brown, spiritual reader and advisor who's been making money making people believe that she has a gift she doesn't think she has. but when she finds out she's got it, she realizes she don't want it. but because she can only hear sam, she can't be wooed by patrick's perfect ballet buttocks. and he must therefore convince her to go tell molly he knows who killed him. by singing her a lovely song, she's like the wind through my tree. it may sound beautiful when i do it. but after she have to hear it all night, it gets a little old. the next day she goes to mali and explains all this crazy to her, but molly don't believe her. and sam's like, yeah, well, tell her, you know, about how we once got busy in a burger king bathroom and say ditto a lot. so once ottamey has molly's trust, sam wheat tells ottomay brown to tell molly jensen that she endangered girl and he was killed by 303 prospect place. willie lopez, and odama brown is like, oh, hell no. and seize her way out of this. later, miley jensen tells carl bruno about ottoman brown, and sam wheat follows carl bruno to 303 prospect place. willie, okay, hold the hell up. pause. how the hell does sandwich get in there? i don't think he could ride in that car. i think if he tried to ride in that hoop they called, bruno would take off, and the car would go right through sam wheat, and he'd just be left sitting there in the street in a puddle of motor oil, like a lonely douche. and then they walk in, and what the [ __ ] willie lopez is like, oh, what up, carl bruno? and carl bruno is like, you've been having a special sounds with some spiritual honey. i don't think a ghost has a stomach, but if it did, there would definitely be a sandwich sandwich spewing. and prospect place. willie makes some bad jokes, and carl bruno says, don't you know, if i [ __ ] this up, i don't get my money. so i need you to find this ultimate brown and do your thing. and sam, we tried to beat the hell out of carl bruna, but you a ghost, dummy. well, molly goes to the po-po for help. and as usual, just like any government employee, you'd have better luck trying to give a ghost to riding your hooped it, but at least that would be entertaining. and while molly's hoping for help from the pointless po-po, carl bruno goes to the apartment and steals the code he needs to complete his crime, and transfers all the money from the fake accounts into one account under the name rita miller, and gets instructions from his crime buddies on when and where to send the money, looking for sam wheat. oda mae brown's profile was full of her other names and her history of using those names to steal money. so carl bruno tries to see his way into molly's pants. and sam wheat finds out that the best way to move is to witness another man trying to move his woman. and sam remembers and seeks the training of that paranoid poltergeist. and mr psycho spirit is like, do you think that my being stronger or faster has anything to do with my muscles in this place? do you think that's air you're breathing now? now, sam, we can move with his mind. and he's thinking, i might soon be going to heaven, but before i do, there will be hell to pay. and sam week goes back to ottoman brown, where he finds that word of her abilities has been heard through the ghost grapevine. and one ghost gets impatient, but i don't know why. i mean, what's he in a rush to do? and otamey brown finds out that not only can she heal the dead, but she can also be possessed by them. so, long story short, samweed gets ultimate brown to make a fake id and pretend to be rita miller, where she says, finish like gas. i get a little gas from time to time. and four million dollars. and then molly sees oda may on the way out of the bank, and then sam weed makes ultimate give the money to sister mary moses, and the moses, i will follow him. follow him wherever he may go. all of that just as carl bruno was about to transfer the money to the criminals. and he starts panicking. and then he gets really, really freaked the [ __ ] out when samweed is like, hi carl. it's me sam. guess what? i'm not really dead. well, he is dead, but he's enjoying every minute of this, because, you know, he's thinking, who the hell? i'mma be able to spook in heaven. and carl bruno goes to molly's, and molly tells carl bruno that oda mae brown was at the bank today, and then she found out her real name is rita miller. and don't that look like the face of a man who just filled his shorts full of something stinky? and sam, we just keep [ __ ] with him. and carl bruno threatens to kill molly unless odometer brown coughs up to four million dollars. and then carl bruno and prospect plays willy go to odama's apartment. and sam wheat is having none of this. and prospect place, willie body go chilly? and don't he look like he could use a pepto pilli and i'm just about to stop doubting all this afterlife business, because i don't want the shadows coming alive and dragging my down to the underground. imagine poor broke willie spending eternity in hell. and just to add insult to injury, in goodwill, duds. so oldamay brown goes to molly and tells of the tales from the crypt. and then oda mae agrees to let sam we possess her body so he can touch her. and i'm just like, patrick, honey, no, not with them nails. you had a better manicure and two wrong food. then carl bruno shows up, but sam wheat's ghostly body is weakened by the celestial energy it took to inhabit a human body. but just in time, he has the energy to write the conclusion of the [ __ ] up, carl bruno, show. and now look at you, carl bruno. you said, sorry, sack of something you don't gone and killed your best friend and your damn self now living hell forever in that ugly [ __ ] tide. refill what you sow now, huh? [ __ ] then sam we says, are you two all right? and molly's like, duh. [ __ ]. then the stairway to heaven opens up, and everybody can see sam wheat's ethereal ass. and sam we tell molly he loves her. and then molly just say, ditto, miley. justin you calling it samweet's dead body. and sam gives up the ghost. damned. be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. i plan to keep this channel around. i'll jump damn eternity to see if i can make enough money to buy my own hoopty. you can expect me to upload more videos often in my quest to make my own four million dollars for moyes explained for i'm jeb oh die. can you imagine the variety of clothes in the afterlife? 1920s lady bloomers with pockets alongside somebody that died wearing hammer pants. that must be a trip 