so that's it. what we some kind of suicide squad. james gunns the suicide squad is finally hitting theaters and hbo max. it's the sort of sequel slash reboot to david ayers suicide squad from 2016. that movie was met with some pretty negative reviews from critics and audiences alike, so warner brothers brought in james gunn to do whatever he wanted with this franchise. james gunn's version of this movie features faces old and new. if you don't want to revisit david air suicide squad, a decent life choice, or if you don't have time to revisit harley quinn's birds of prey movie, well then this video has got you covered. this is everything you need to know from suicide squad, 2016 and birds of prey before watching james gunn's the suicide squad. so after superman's death in batman v superman, intelligence officer amanda waller of argus has the idea for task force x, a team of criminals and super villains who would be forced to fill the crime fighting void. waller plans on controlling these ragtag villains by implanting bombs in their necks before sending them off on suicide missions. if those missions are successful, the villains will have their prison sentences shortened. the members of the suicide squad are largely recruited from bell rev security prison, and features villains like killer croc, slipknot and el diablo. notable other members are deadshot, who was captured by batman, and once out of prison to see his daughter. captain boomerang, is one of the flash's rogues gallery of villains, who has a fondness for his stuffed unicorn doll. and then there's harley quinn, a former psychiatrist who was now the girlfriend of the joker. the squad's mission is to travel into midway city to stop the villainous enchantress and her brother incubus from destroying all of mankind. amanda waller installs colonel rick flagg, along with his sword's woman bodyguard, katana, to lead the squad and keep them in line. rick flagg also happens to be in love with dr june moon, whom the enchantress is possessing. and so task force x, aka the suicide squad, venture into the city to save mankind, or die, trying or die, trying to escape, as slipknot does almost immediately. throughout the course of suicide squad, the team kind of, sort of bonds as they make their way closer and closer to the enchantress. eventually, el diablo sacrifices himself to kill incubus, and harley quinn manages to cut out the heart of enchantress, which rick flag crushes, freeing june from the possession. and so humanity was saved. and as a reward, amanda waller actually knocks 10 years off all of their prison sentences and grants them some special requests, like deadshot gets to see his daughter, and killer croc gets to watch b-e-t. and then the joker shows up and bus harley quinn out of prison. so, yeah, true love, let's go home. and that's everything that happened that you need to know about in david ayers suicide squad. but that's not the end of the story for harley quinn. as seen in last year's birds of prey, the joker breaks up with harley, and you could say she's a little bitter about it now that she's not under joker's protection. there's a whole lot of bad people in gotham city that want revenge for all the ways that harley has wronged them. harley ends up teaming up with black canary huntress renee montoya and a young pickpocket named cassandra kane to take down a gang leader named roman scionis. after killing roman and making a name of their own in gotham city, black canary huntress and rene montoya form a vigilante team known as the birds of prey. and harley takes cassandra under her wings to form harley quinn, and associates a contract mercenary team, offering their services to the highest bidder. and that's where all the members of the suicide squad were last we saw them. what's going to happen to returning members of the squad, like captain boomerang, rick flag and harley quinn? well, we gotta watch the movie to find out. what we do know is that warner brothers gave james gun free reign to do whatever he wanted with this franchise, so there's no restrictions on types of content or even character deaths. and based on early word, there is going to be a lot of blood and death. let me know what you're most looking forward to seeing in the new suicide squad movie in the comments below. and if you want to help this channel out, make sure you give this video a like and subscribe. turn on the bell notifications. do all that jazz. it really helps out, makes a difference, and it allows me to keep bringing content like this to you in the future. and that does it for this video, but i will see you in the next one. you 