before i begin, let me start by saying i'm not exactly what you would call a wizard, but this sexy voice has been known to cast a spell from time to time. the styles of our movie today are cara bradshaw, sister mary patrick and the wind beneath my wings, please. our story begins in salem, as in the home of the witch trials, not days of our lives, with some witch creeping by the window of one young man named thackeray banks, who wakes up to find out she done nabbed his little sister, emily. so he hops out of bed just in time to see them sending up some purple smoke signal and some suspect lady leading his little sister into the woods. and of course, he, who is a hero in our story, busts his behind trying to follow them to this creepy house where he sees these three beaches. get it, beaches as in the bette midler movie. oh lord, i can see already some of y'all really need to change the channel from that eternal harry potter marathon. oh look, another glorious morning. makes me sick. [Music]. so they got this one-eyed book made a skin full of spells that allows them to do nasty things like create potions out of dead men's toes. and they only spit which they didn't feed to the little child before they go dementor on the hining. but not before the hero of our story tries to do the lord's work before getting electrocuted with the false lightning. and as you can see, the child is now ready to be drained of her youth, which essentially turns the old hags into carrie, charlotte and miranda, if miranda was half gerbil. and they all excited now, because they think they're young and beautiful. but thacker is like [ __ ] you, ugly. so instead of sucking out his soul to become even younger, they cast this spell that go, let his flesh not return, let his blood leave no stain. though they beat him, let him feel no pain. and he turned into a scarecrow. no, actually, they turned him into this little, tiny kitty cat. so now he's doomed to an eternal lifetime of memories of watching his sister die, being riddled with fleas and ticks and intestinal parasites, and maintaining his own personal hygiene by licking his own privates. and, of course, because they are witches. and this is salem to the gallows. well, it's a little cheap really, just some little sad barrels and some ropes hanging from a tree limb. but you gotta work with what you got, people. and then and thank you, tries to rub on his daddy's leg to tell him he's his missing son. you know, every time i sit on the toilet, my cat, mrs norris, does that same damn thing to me. well, don't be looking at me like you ain't got a pet named after a harry potter character. oh, it was that remark about the toilet, damn cat. well, anyway, fast forward 300 years, where this old lady teacher is scaring the little children in a classroom about these events and tells them how poor little fuzzy flea ridden banks been out there at that cabin for three centuries, trying to keep them bits from coming back. this is max. that's allison. then some after school special team drama. skip pause to introduce max little sister danny, who max is supposed to take trick-or-treating. then some more teen drama. skip stop to hear alison say, i've got candy duty. girl. the day after halloween, we all got the candy duty. then they go snooping on the old, spooky cabin, where max finds a ladder because the house was turned to a museum, because folks these days be doing anything for a dollar. so after a little throw down with banks, max lights the candle and the door flings open, and then walk the point of sisters, i mean, the sanderson sisters. oh, y'all know who the pointed sisters were. now, they sang that jesse spano's song, i'm so excited, i'm so scared. and that's what these children are now, too. because sister mary patrick, who in this movie is just sister married. no, patrick, got a snout like a massive hound, and she snarled like one, too. and then, of course, max tries to save his sister. and he, like beings, gets the palpatine treatment. but then he sets off the sprinkler systems. and they wait like they had a sister, though they just dropped the house on. did that kitty just speak? that kitty just spoke, and you know what he said? he said, get the one hard book. so banks leads them to a cemetery where the witches can't set foot, but apparently can win guardian their leviosas all night long. plus it gives sister sarah an excuse to show her cleavage. and said cleavage is also the reason poor old billy here, who was once when his boyfriend, but went for the hot one, was poisoned by all went in and got that mouth sold shut. [ __ ]. and after a short pursuit of the children, billy gets his block knocked off, and his sisters take a tour of the town, where they exchange dirty jokes with a bus driver. meanwhile, pinks gets pancaked by the bus they're on. which, taking into consideration with the baby making talk in the previous scene, got me thinking, this ain't a kid's movie, but a rundown of a pet can be traumatizing for the little children inside all of us. so they reinflate the damn cat. winfred mary and sarah ain't none too happy about the state of their sacred holiday, but take solace in the side of satan, beelzebub, lord of the underworld, his royal hotness. while at the house of hades, some little rugrats steal their brooms sarah seduces satan, and the sisters get chased off by this hound of hell. the children find their parents at a potty, which is crashed by the witches, who put on their best sister act. danny realizes the best way to end the evil is to heat the hags. the children go home, and danny cuddles with the cat, while max gets his mac on with allison. but of course, them bits ain't dead, just a little child broiled and crispified. the sisters catch some beavis and butthead wannabes, i didn't mention earlier because i didn't feel like it. and these two fools get the brilliant idea to open the book, which sends a signal to the troublesome trio, gotta find some new transportation. this new broom will do. guess this map will work. but riding on a vacuum cleaner, that's gotta suck. [Music]. and then they're like, danny, are you okay? are you okay, danny? and don't ask me why they ain't just take the child in the book and run. but after they make their presence known, they literally and combustibly bust out there. but because they need more souls of children. and another excuse to show sister sarah's cleavage. she sings a little special daddy back at the cottage, danny's like, but it don't matter what you look like. you ugly on the inside. but max plays placebo on them with some headlights, and they too dumb to realize it don't actually hurt. and max takes back his shoes, those beefs and, butthead wanna be stole from him. that i didn't mention earlier because i didn't feel like it. but brother, i think you should just let the boy keep him, because he looked like he done infected them with athlete's foot fungus. and winterfer got enough potion for one more child. and despite having a whole slew of child souls to choose from, she's got the low self-esteem and feeling the need to get that one who told us she ugly on the inside. billy's still chilling at the graveyard, and instead of killing max's he's older, he cuts his mouth open, lets out his dragon breath and yells at winnie [ __ ] trollop vulgar, just a [ __ ] then some big brawl in the graveyard and a few more excuses to show sister sarah's cleavage. winifred snatches danny up and brings risks his little life to save this little child. so max drinks the potion to save his sister. damn, brother, you're a scrapper. sister mary does her damn just to help her sister out. but who knew the vacuum would prove to be a liability? and then max knocked that bit right off her broom. and just as she's about to suck in that youth, the sun saves the day, turning this sanders into stone. and then this one go poof. and then that one go poof. and then the stone sister go big boom, boom. billy resumed his siesta. and now everybody happy, because this make believe, except poor little banks, who has taken his last breath. while the little children, whose parents don't monitor what their kitties watch, sob into their bowls of candy corn. but beast has transformed, and he goes to join the world of nearly headless nick morning, myrtle and his little sister emily. and he says goodbye to lil daddy, takes his little sister's hand and they walk off together, while max hugs his own little sister. and i crowd over this silly movie. you are the end, but look at who's awake. say quo. thank you to these precious muggle muffins who donate every month to help keep meth magical. m.i.e, maria t, michelle w, carly g, donny b ross, grease, fat cat, sylvia kelly, s eva, katrina a, bethany c, karo s robert d, david m, christine k o m elena s chupacabra. f kelly. l p t f j million m anonymous. bh, allison l autumn m and grady, here for your laughs and your woman 