welcome back to movies explained. today. we are going to look at the movie the purge anarchy. a young waitress, eva, is collecting cash from one of the customers, mr sabian, while the newscaster speaks in the background. the newscaster says, if you are not purging, i will advise you to get off the streets as quickly as possible. it will be a war out there. the waitresses are discussing why mrs crowley is not letting them go. carlos asks the ladies to calm down, as there is plenty of time left before the purging starts. mrs crowley comes and dismisses the employees, asking them to stay safe. everyone is leaving. when carlos asks eva to ride with him, she rejects his offer and tells him to stay safe. another waitress at the place, tanya, comes to eva and says, if he would have asked me to ride, i would have taken it. tanya asks her whether she has talked to mrs crowley yet or not. eva, becoming disappointed, says, i can't afford his medicines any longer. tanya hugs eva, and they both leave for their houses. leo is loading his revolver while he looks at a picture of him with his son. the scene shifts to a car where liz is driving, while shane is sitting looking at his photos with liz. a new founding father appears on one of the screens, addresses the people and talks about the purge. eva is walking home when a man stops her and offers her any protection she needs. she rejects his idea and moves towards her house. when she enters her building, diego starts a conversation with her, asking how she is doing and she should take his protection. eva says, no need, thanks and heads to her place. eva's father and her daughter, kali, listen to one of the leaders of an anti-purge group, carmelo, who is making people rebel against the killing of the people in the name of cleansing souls and releasing aggression. he tells the people that this night is about killing the poor when we cannot protect ourselves. kali's grandfather says, i can't hear more of this crap. and cali closes the laptop. he says that it is just cheap talk, and the man is just talking and will not actually do anything. upon asking where she was, eva comes home and tells her father that she was picking up his medicine. papariko gets agitated and tells her he doesn't want to take his medication. eva and rico argue when kali steps in and asks rico to take medicine for her. eva explains the plan she has for the night of locking the place and having dinner. rico drops the idea and tells the girls he is gonna be taking a nap during the night, asking not to be disturbed. he hugs eva and tells the girls he loves them so much. cali finds it weird, but eva comments that it's just because of the purge. eva tells cali that things didn't go as planned with mrs crowley, and leaves to take a bath before locking the place. liz and shane are talking when liz says, i want to tell your sister, to which shane replies, i don't feel like telling anyone. as soon as i say it aloud to other people, it is irreversible. they are talking when they head back from the grocery store to their car. shane tries to open the door, but fails, so he asks liz to unlock it. liz tells him that the door is already unlocked. a masked man comes closer to shane and then goes back to his group of people who have their faces painted and masked. shane and liz quickly get into the car and start driving away. liz asks shane, what was all that about? to which he replies, i don't know. the scene shifts to leo, who is answering the door after his ex-wife rings the bell. she tells him, i have been calling you. why didn't you pick up? leo seems unbothered and asks her to leave and go to her new family and husband. she replies, you don't have to go out there. don't do it. it will not make you feel better. she kisses him on his cheek and leaves. kali is still listening to carmelo, who keeps emphasizing fighting back. rico dresses up and leaves in a limousine with the men in black suits. liz and shane are arguing with each other. shane says, you get to a conclusion and call it a joint decision, to which liz replies, you agree with me and forget it after a week liz demands to tell shane's sister about their separation, but shane insists that he doesn't want it to happen. their car stops and runs out of battery. leo is riding his vehicle while the person on the radio says that only 45 minutes are left for the purge to start. eva is cooking dinner, and after she finishes making it, she puts a gun on the table and tells kali they will use it if needed. shane and liz are trying to get off the street before the purge begins, but they fail to find any help around. they see masked people crowding over the road and start running. the commencement of the annual purge starts. the screen states any and all crimes, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. all police, fire and medical emergency services will remain unavailable. shane and liz are running to find a place to hide when the purge siren starts. big daddy points the gun at the people and starts shooting blindly, killing all of them in his sight. shane and liz keep on moving, hiding from the masked men. eva is setting the table for dinner when kali goes to check in on rico. she finds a letter with rico missing from his room. eva rushes in and starts reading the letter. i am dying. i will be a martyr for a wealthy family tonight. they have paid me one hundred thousand dollars, and they will be transferred to your bank accounts. take the money and have a safe life. kali and eva become sad. kali starts insisting on finding rico and contact him in any way. eva tells her now it is too late and they cannot stop it. grumbling, noises start coming from the building. eva and kali sneak out through the window and find an army of soldiers entering. kali questions their identity, to which eva says, i don't know. gunshots fire. when diego enters their house, he says, i am here to protect you. eva, come out you [ __ ]. leo is driving around the streets seeing people killed mercilessly. diego keeps shouting and yelling. he says, i am gonna let the beast out on both of you. it is my right given by the new founding fathers. eva starts crying and begs diego to let colly go. they are talking. when diego is shot multiple times by the people in uniform. they drag eva and cali out to their bus, informing big daddy about having them for his personal purge. they both try to put up a fight. when leo stops his car, he is trying to convince himself to keep driving and not picking the gun. at last he loses his temper, goes out and starts shooting at the men in uniform. shane and liz, being followed by the group of masked men, hide in leo's car, thinking they are safe. leo brings eva and kali to his car. when he finds them both, he points a gun at shane and liz, but after finding out they are not armed and are not taking part in the purge, lowers it down. they are talking when the bus is full of killers come and they start the car and leave. the bullets strike the vehicle multiple times, but leo manages to get away from the purgers. leo questions liz and shane, why were you out on the streets? and asks eva about the army storming her place. the car stops and all of them get out of it. liz says, we have seven hours before the purge ends. we have to find a place to hide. leo tells them that the hunters will find them with their dogs. he regrets helping them and says, it was none of my business. shane tells him that he made it his business when he stepped in the matter. leo gives each of them a gun and says, i have to be somewhere. you will slow me down. just try to stay off the streets. everyone panics because of leo leaving them alone in the middle of the purge. eva offers him a car in return for his protection. she tells him about her friend who lives a few blocks away. she calls tanya and confirms about the vehicle. they start moving towards tanya's house. on their way, they find a woman killing people and shouting that killing people is her right. leo asks everyone to stay silent and not to move, but shane gets stuck in one of the traps and grabs the attention of the purgers around. after firing and cross-firing, they run away. shane becomes suspicious of leo, while liz expresses her gratitude for having him around. kali asks leo his name and says, you are good with guns. either you are a cop or a criminal. leo calls her a pain in the ass and asks everyone to shut up. as they move, they see a man hanging on a building. they reach a road where carmelo and his people have killed all the uniform men. leo checks the bus for arms and ammunition. they find high-tech equipment inside. leo points out at one of the monitors, highlighting eva's place. he shows them that her building was a target like many others. they take the guns from inside and start moving. they stop and hide behind a wall due to people shooting and cheering in the front. liz is scared by mice, and she shouts. one of the people hears her and comes to check. when leo chokes him, while they are walking, kali asks leo, why did you stop at our place and save us? people are getting killed all over the city. why did you help us? leo tells her that they were putting a hell of a fight, which reminded him of someone. he sends kali back to eva. while they are moving, leo stops and takes off his bulletproof jacket. he gives it to collie and asks her to put it on. at first she refuses, but then agrees to wear it. vehicles approach, and people start firing all over the place. eva falls, but leo picks her up and carries her before she comes in contact with any bullet. shane predicts that they are not going to make it out. he and liz start shooting at the people in the car, but shane gets shot. the vehicle of the attackers blows up. eva and kali, along with leo, reach a safe point, and shane and liz join them in a bit. they carry shane and reach tonya's place. leo puts a bandage on shane's wound. tanya asks the group to eat and drink, get food in the stomach and survive the night. tanya's father and brother-in-law come in after checking the building. leo goes to change his shirt when eva thanks him for saving them. shane and liz are joking around, when liz tells, shane, you scared the [ __ ] out of me. i thought i was losing you, but i still think we should tell your sister. they continue enjoying each other's company. leo asks eva, do you trust your friend. she drinks and takes pills. eva assures him that they will be okay as long as they stay there. leo demands the car eva promised to which she says, i know what you are going through. you are going out there to kill someone who wronged you. you believe in this, don't you? leo asks eva to take care of kali. eva confesses that she lied about the car because they needed him. leo says, you don't have any idea what you've taken from me. leo is about to leave when kali tries to stop him. kali tries to convince him by reminding him that his son would not want him to do this. they are talking when tanya's sister starts firing and kills tanya. she reveals that she found out about the affair between tanya and her husband. the group leaves the family behind. when they see the perimeter surrounded by the men in uniform, big daddy advises his men to cover the area and kill leo, while bringing eva and kali back. leo goes and urges everyone to stay inside. he tries to fight when the same people chasing shane and liz earlier abduct leo in the group. cally asks the masked men how did they find them and why haven't they killed anyone yet? the man says, we are not going to kill anyone. we just need the money. the masked crew takes them out of the van and hands them to others. in return for money, they take them upstairs. an anchor announces, our next batch is here. are you ready to take a look at them? the curtain moves up, and a wealthy audience sees the group. the anchor says, as it is the last batch of the purge, so the starting price will be two hundred thousand. three families are selected to hunt the group. the woman advises them to take their signature blades with them to the hunting ground. the group is released on the arena. while the purgers chase them, leo kills one of them and gets the night vision glasses and gun from him. he kills more of them. when carmelo and his men attack the area, shane is shot, and so liz stays with the rebel group to avenge him. leo takes kali and eva with him to the place where the guy who murdered his son lives. he asks them to stay in the car while he goes in and kills the man. leo goes in and tries to kill him, but doesn't. he is coming out of the house when big daddy shoots him. big daddy is going to make his final shot, when warren shoots him, big daddy's men are about to hit everyone when the siren sounds, signaling the end of the purge. warren takes leo to the hospital. the movie ends with 709 march 22, 364 days until the next purge, written on the screen. [Music], 