[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna visit the aquatic gods of old with the 2001 film Dagon. let's get to it. we opened on an underwater diver descending into an eye hole of sorts, seeking the mysteries of the deep. he finds an alluring woman who startles him awake. in the subsequent exposition, we find that this is a recurring nightmare for Paul, and that he and Barbara are on a boat vacation after receiving a large investment in some type of business venture, which occupies his full attention and prevents him from being able to relax and have fun. barb decides to give him a lesson in fun. but the files it's clear that Paul needs to loosen up when even his benefactor, Howard, and his wife Vicki, are unfazed by his inability to check their investment. they soon find themselves pummeled by a severe storm. howard intends to take the boat away from the reef, but navigates them directly into a rock instead. below decks, Vicki finds herself pinned between the rock and the full weight of the boat. they try to tell her that it'll all be okay, but not so sure when it becomes apparent that no help is coming from the town. they begin to raft their way over. back on the boat, we see that Vicki feels something in the oily water, so Howard starts shooting blindly. back on shore, they investigate the seemingly abandoned town, and Paul notices the symbol from its dreams. then they find a priest to help, who pairs Paul up with a couple of boat enthusiasts to go out and retrieve Howard and Vicki. meanwhile, Barbara is led through the town, now much more actively occupied, but mostly by pale weirdos. she's taken to the innkeeper, who she has a hard time getting to understand her needs. so the priest steps in to help the innkeeper. he helps the innkeeper in the alcove. Paul finds the boat strangely empty, other than Vicki's marital towel. when they return, he's told that Barbara is at the hotel, but the innkeeper keeps at his game. Paul notices a few fishy things about the hotel as he makes his way to his room, which is free of most amenities, other than a few. right when he collapses in despair, Barbara shows up. oh no. luckily, it was just a dream, and he wakes up to some sort of block party going on downstairs. they really wanted to go for the keg stand record, so they bust into his room and chased him around a bit, confident he'll be able to safely break his fall, he dives through a plate-glass window, and it hides out in the tannery where they cure human hides. and Howard's, they're now understanding the full stakes of his predicament. Paul lights this [ __ ] up and escapes. in the pandemonium, he runs across a seaman who reluctantly agrees to help him, if can get past their language barrier. hazy, whoo. why? with only slight prompting, he begins to tell Paul the tale of this town, because it's been so long since anyone's just listened. it started as a fishing town, but without enough fish to go around, the residents prayed for intervention, but found that Jesus required them to mostly do things on their own. nobody wants that. one day, a mysterious stranger rolled in and offered them up a god of a more fishy persuasion. a small faction of the residents took part in and ritualizing and called forth unspeakable horrors from the sea. and it worked, allowing them to start pulling fish and gold relics from the sea like it was candy. so they destroyed their idols to be replaced by, oh oh, is that kind of cult, to be replaced by other idols. when their sea-bound bounty slows up, they start sacrificing to please the eldritch god that they summoned. and that brings us to the flourishing coastal town of today. Paul's not totally buying his story, but since the zekiel knows the whereabouts of the one car in town, paul rolls with it. the longshoreman lays down a distraction, but paul is only able to hotwire the horn, requiring him to run off. he eventually ends up in a room occupied by the woman of his dreams. he finds that she's been waiting for him, so is immediately good to go. so Paul gets in there, yeah, but doesn't get far before freaking out about her gills. and then he runs off Oh, grow up. that's every man's dream. on the way out, he discovers that fish man's got nerds. retries the car with keys this time, but doesn't make it very far before finding a pedestrian stuck in his radiator, requiring him to continue on foot. he only gets a moment of respite before being narked on by sergey, who will Ertz his Sharktopus father, resulting in Paul getting a nasty swirly. luckily, his shoulders are super flexible. but when he gets outside, they finally net him. he wakes up in prison, finding barb alive with Ezekiel and Vicki. Vicki lost lower portion of her leg, but they have a plan to address that. try not to think about it. oh, hey, thanks, dick. she also reveals that her belly's been fertilized with the amphibious seed. they wait for their fishy captors to lower their guard and then unleash the power of issue Andrew karate. but these guys are total beavers, and our heroes are subdued in short order. the thought of what comes next is too much for Vicki, who apps to take this a poopoo way out. Paul tries to buy their freedom, but the town is actually stupid, rich with golden artifacts. they just want flesh and blood for Dagon. Ezekiel is first in line, and they proceed to deke love his head, which is nasty. luckily, they started there because, oh, she had charges it and lays claim to Paul's genitals. and Barbara has been selected to bear Dagon's child, so it would have been pretty awkward for them if they had gone alphabetically. Paul doesn't accept his feat however, and decides to slash these power tops until dead, then heads to the church with the gas can. through the subterranean tunnels, he follows the rancid smell, eventually finding them lowering bara by a trapeze. Paul attempts to save the day by setting the spectators on fire and slowly cranking her out of the oily water. but he's too late. as he gets the contraption back to the top and thinks dag gone, they finally overpower him and expose it that he's the son of the town leader and a child of Dagon, and OSHA is his half sister, which is a real bummer for their budding romance. oh, we're not if that's what it's like in this family. however, he demonstrates his commitment to the idea that mermaids are better with the lady part on the bottom in the fish part on top. through self-immolation, mushiya knocks her brother lover into the water, dousing the flames and prompting his final transition to fish boy. we end with him breathing underwater and finding a kind of Pleasant appearing to finally accept his true self. and that was Dagon. I love crafty and Nightmare story for people who enjoy boating. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 