welcome to the man of recaps. this is fear the walking dead, season six, episode eight. and remember, you can watch all these new episodes of fear the walking dead on amc plus plus check out all their other great shows and lose yourself in their immersive, expansive, epic worlds. yes, fear of the walking dead is back. and we begin the second half of season six here with gunslinger with a heart of gold, john dory. he's in a real bad headspace now, though. he wants to run away and hide from the world in his cabin. his wife june didn't want to come with him, though. it's like, come on, all our friends are here. we gotta stay and help. but john has had enough, apparently, of this zombie apocalypse life. he leaves a scrabble message for june, like he always did, but this one's a suicide note. yes, he's just about to shoot himself when a zombie walks up, so he has to shoot that instead. but then more keep coming, and he's like, okay, let me go deal with this first. he can use up the river to the bridge he fixed back in season four. and there's a whole herd of zombies there. now. someone barricaded them here. he goes to the general store to check it out, and who does he find but dakota. and she's not alone. she's with morgan, who i guess is injured again. they go back to john's cabin to eat some fish, and morgan fills john in on what's going on. remember, morgan's trying to build a new settlement in the hidden valley. he wants to get their whole crew out of virginia's clutches. at first he was going to trade her sister, dakota, for them, but dakota hates her sister. she was basically a prisoner there and doesn't want to go back. so it's probably going to come down to a fight. and morgan's like, well, john, glad i ran into you. but john's like, sorry, morgan, i can't help i've given up hope. i'm going to just stay here in my cabin. and morgan's like, hey, man, i've been there, but you can't give up hope. like, we got a family. we got to fight for him. john's going gonna give them a ride across the bridge at least. but just then someone whoa lassos morgan. john promised he wasn't gonna kill again, but now he has to, oh, shoots this guy. so then he and morgan have the same exact conversation again. come on, man, you can't give a pope. no, sorry. i've given up hope. the guy shot the truck, i guess, so it's busted. now luckily, john has another truck sitting there that he was going to fix up with his dad one summer. so while they're scavenging parts to fix that truck, morgan's there too with the scrabble pieces. john, i saw your suicide scrabble note. come on, man, you can't give up hope. no, sorry, morgan, i've given up hope. but then it's finally time for an action sequence. because they got across the zombie-infested bridge, they put the doors on the truck to form a wedge. and it's a pretty cool scene as they're going through just killing a bunch of zombies. it's a whole thing. there's lots of shenanigans. and basically they shouldn't have let the 14 year old drive. but in the end, they make it through. so morgan and john settle in for the same conversation again. this time morgan's got a picture of john's dad. but even with that, john is still not convinced. sorry, morgan, i just want to go back to my cabin and kill myself. so morgan calls virginia on the walkie, like, hey, come meet me at john dory's cabin. now john can't go back there. and it's like, hey, that's what best friends do, we make decisions against your wishes that are for the best for you. then, while john and dakota are cleaning up, a zombie grabs her. whoa. she's gotta pull out her knife to stab it. but wait, jon knows that knife. remember he tried to investigate the suspicious death of that ranger. he found part of the knife handle that was the murder weapon, but he could never track it down to find out who the killer was. well, turns out that's the knife. yes, it was dakota who killed that guy. apparently he discovered how she was sneaking in and out of latin and told her sister virginia, so she killed him as revenge. it's like, yo, girl, you can't just be killing people and stuff. and she's like, why not? it's zombie apocalypse. nothing matters john's trying to talk this crazy kid down, but, oh, she shoots him. what? yeah. she pushes him off the bridge. and john dory, a major character, has been killed. i'm sad to see him go. he was a good character, one of the few bright spots of season four and five. but wait, what's this? he sees the picture of his father down there, and somehow that magically heals him. he's gonna be okay. he jumps on a door like leo and titanic, and floats on down the river. so then morgan comes back, and dakota doesn't even try to come up with a lie. she's like, yeah, i'm sorry. i shot john dory. in fact, she tells him another secret. after the season five finale, when virginia shot him and left him for dead, it was dakota who snuck over there and healed him. and she didn't save him for any altruistic mission, like building a nice, happy valley settlement. she just saved him because she wants him to kill her sister, virginia. yeah, this kid's got issues. so virginia shows up at the cabin for the fake meeting morgan set up. she's like, morgan, where are you? did you trick me? and he's like, well, yes, but actually no, because now john dory's just floating on down the river. catch him and patch him up. and indeed, there he is. his nurse wife, june's gonna patch him up. it's gonna be fine. except it was a double fake out. he did die. he bled out and turned into a zombie. oh. this is a legitimately heartbreaking moment between jon and june. their grand apocalypse romance ends here in tragedy. and that's where the episode comes to an end. now you already know amc plus is the place for all things the walking dead, but you also get access to a ton of other great shows. if horror is your thing, you're just in time for shutters. halfway to halloween month with a packed lineup of new horror shows and movies. catch new episodes of creep show season 2, still the most fun you'll ever have being scared. discover the romance thriller, a discovery of witches, where witches, vampires and demons live among us. a dangerous mystery and a forbidden romance. this kind of thing's my guilty pleasure. maybe you're into the punk, fantasy world of the watch where an unlikely group of misfits have to find the guts to save the world. a comedy adventure with wizards, werewolves and dragons. i mean, come on, i gotta check it out. looking for an action-packed crime drama? you gotta watch gangs of london. enter the violent streets of fictional modern london, as sean wallace hunts down his father's killer and rises to the top of the criminal underworld. so click the link in the description to sign up for your seven day free trial of amc plus. now get all the walking dead content you love, plus explore the rest of their epic worlds. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 