[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2008 superhero film, The Incredible Hulk. an important thing to note is that there was a 2003 movie called The Hulk, which was not part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, which this film actually is. also Edward Norton plays Bruce Banner in this film. however, Mark Ruffalo plays banner in all the subsequent Marvel films. the film opens at Culver University, where general Thunderbolt Ross meets with dr. Bruce Banner, the colleague and boyfriend of his daughter Betty, to discuss an experiment that Ross claims is meant to make humans immune to gamma radiation. the experiment fails, and the gamma radiation causes banner to turn into the giant green Hulk. whenever he becomes angry, enraged or excited, the Hulk destroys the lab, injuring and killing several people inside. banner becomes a fugitive, and the US. military and general Ross want to weaponize the Hulk process. 5 years later, banner works at a bottling facility in Brazil while searching for a cure for the Hulk. condition, collaborating online with a man known only as mr. blue. banner uses yoga techniques to try to keep his rage under control, and hasn't transformed in five months. after cutting his finger on the line and some blood falling into a bottle, an elderly man gets gamma sickness from drinking a bottle in Wisconsin. Ross uses that bottle to track down banner, sending in a SWAT team led by Emil Blonsky to capture banner. banner becomes the Hulk and defeats the team. Blonsky agrees to be injected with a small amount of a similar serum two banners, which gives him enhanced abilities, but deforms his skeleton and impairs his judgement. Banner returns to Culver University and reunites with Betty, who is now dating psychiatrist Leonard Sampson. banners attacked again by blonsky's team after Samson gave him up, causing him to become the Hulk. a battle takes place outside the university, and Blonsky seems to be killed by the Hulk, who escapes with Betty after becoming banner. Betty and him go on the run and banner contacts mr. blue, who they meet in New York City. mr. blue is actually cellular biologist, dr. Samuel Sterns, who tells banner that possibly has an antidote, but it only works after each individual transformation, and it is not permanent. CERN, however, has synthesized a large amount of banners blood in hopes of using it for medical purposes. but banner fears the military will use it and wants to destroy the blood supply. meanwhile, Blonsky is revealed to have survived the battle and is completely healed. they try for a third time to capture banner, and are successful, and take betty to Blonsky, order stern to inject him with banners blood, which Stern's warns him will cause him to become an abomination. but Blonsky insists. this causes Blonsky to become a creature much larger and stronger than the hull. but absolutely insane Polanski, aka abomination, attacks, turns, causing him to get some up banners blood into a cut on his forehead, causing stern to transform as well. this is a reference to the comic book character the leader. abomination rampages through Harlem, and banner is able to convince Ross to release him, as the Hulk is the only one who can defeat the abomination. after a large battle, Blonsky is defeated. after a nice moment with betty, the hulk flees New York. months later, banner is in British Columbia, now able to transform into the Hulk in a controlled manner. in a local bar, we see Tony Stark approaching Ross, telling him that he is putting a team together. so that was the spoilers for the Incredible Hulk. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 