before we begin, let me start by saying, never give up hope, but be prepared that you might have to keep hoping until you're almost deceased. also, why has morgan freeman always look the same damn age? the stars of our movie today are that guy who narrates everything. but meth be prepared. i'm coming for your olympic visa commercials [ __ ] merlin from top gun, bill and ted's grim maripa, the cop from them and a bunch of jeb's relatives. that's not a joke, but you can laugh if you want to play. our story begins about a hundred [ __ ] years ago with andy dufresne, a pretty, pretty banker boy on trial, doing his damn just to remember what his drunkest was doing the night someone murdered and he's cheating his wife and her horny home wrecker. and this, my friends, is why, if you're gonna go murder [ __ ], just do it sober, so you remember what the [ __ ] you did or didn't. and the judge is like so due to the evidence that has been presented to us, we've decided we thought he was guilty as soon as you walked in and, uh, what? this ain't andy. it's alice boyd reading, but you can call him red. he's celebrating his 20-year stint in prison by begging the parole board for redemption. and the parole board is like, so due to the evidence that has been presented to us, we decided we knew we wasn't going to let you go as soon as you walked in. then the horn blows. new prisoners in common. for the next several years, each of them will witness many murders, eat food full of maggots and see more man moves than they'd find at a nascar race. so because prison is boring, all of us can do is entertain himself with other men's misery, which is exactly what red and his surprisingly likable band of misfits are doing when they bet cigarettes on which one of these newbies ain't properly weaned off his mama's teeth, what have you. and they walked them in to meet the head honcho of this here pokey where warden on basically says, i'm god and you're all my [ __ ]. welcome to shawshank well, he seems nice. well, i tried to tell you more moves than you'll find out of hooters. one or two of them could definitely benefit from the support of a good brazil. and wouldn't you know it, the one with the biggest moves starts crying for his mama. here come big byron hadley. and he says some dumb [ __ ] like, what the split is the flunk he should stop trying to vulgarify because he don't know how to do it. and he'll hadley go doing headly things. breakfast time. haha, food full of maggots. did i deliver a what? here's where we meet brooks. and he says, are you gonna eat that? and your psyched. the [ __ ] out thing in prison has turned him into a senile maggot muncher. but he feeds it to a baby bird in his pocket, and he says, this is jake. i'm gonna look after him until he's big enough to fly. which is a metaphor for what red will do throughout this movement. for handy. [Music], i promised myself, i won't go do this anyway. a month later, andy finally introduces himself to red. he asked him to smuggle in a little rock hammer. and red tells him, joe for ten dollars. but more importantly, see the sisters, they're kind of sweet on you, muffin. so let me give you a word of advice, keep your buttocks tight and you'll be all right. a few days later, brooks goes down the line like buck golf. okay, book bit i can't read. okay, book, special delivery to mr dufresne, if you please. and now handy andy has his handy hammer. so a few years pass, and andy keeps everything to himself, except his badonkadonk prison is very eventful, you know. and red tells us that, if not for what happens next, and it might have taken the last train to glory, warden norton needs a dozen men for a week's work to tie the roof of the license plate factory. so red makes a little cigarette deal to get him and his friends the job. who knew prison gods were so easily persuaded? well, they're working this big naked mole rat looking [ __ ] be complaining about inheriting thousands of dollars, while these prisoners are happy to be working for [ __ ] free. when andy overhears him complaining about paying taxes on his inheritance. he walks up on hadley and says something that comes across like, mr hadley, is your wife a backstabbing skeeze? so he drags andy over to the edge of the building and he's like, now listen to me, you fracking humperdink. i'ma take some monkey spunk and slap it on your pumper nickel. you got me, you flirting butter butt. see? cause he don't know how to curse. and then he says, you don't have to pay taxes on that money if you give it all to your wife, since she's married to you. i can only imagine how butt ugly that [ __ ] must be. but i fill out the phones for you if you buy me and my buddies a few beers. but as it turns out, andy didn't even want the damn beer for himself. he just wanted to make some friends. well, you know what they say, the best way to soften a man's heart is to harden his liver. sometime later, andy goes to red and asks him to smuggle in a poster of rita hayworth. andy, would you please just sit you down and watch the damn movie. so andy leaves the movie, and andy's assaulters go do an assault of things, but andy ain't the type to bend over for just anybody, so they hurt andy real bad, which makes hadley real mad. bye. well, that was nice. and after andy gets out of his month-long infirmary visit, he comes home to rita hayworth waiting for him on his bed. heads up. they toss in the cells and they just walk in like they own the damn place. [ __ ] up your tiny room, all up in your business. then the one says, what's your favorite bible verse? and then he says, watch ye therefore, for ye know not when these bits come to [ __ ] up your [ __ ] a little while later, the warden takes andy from literally doing the laundry to a new kind of laundry. so andy decides to use his new leverage to expand the library. but the warden's like, you think the government is going to buy books for a bunch of cons that can't even can read? they can't even afford to buy out some mega free mac and cheese. but write your letters and i'll even mail them for you. for the next few years, andy does the taxes for god and everybody. he even gets read a little job. well, that was nice. and things are looking up. then out of nowhere, cut his [ __ ] throat. but despite trying to kill his friend to remain incarcerated, brooks gets his parole. and why didn't he just take his [ __ ] bird? he could have walked out with a damn bird and been like, you didn't know i had it. but it doesn't matter now, does it? so for the next few minutes, we find out what happens when you spend your life wishing for some dumb [ __ ] only to get it and find out it ain't really that great. i mean, really, is it too much ass that he gets a visit from that stupid [ __ ] bird? personally, i believe the bird couldn't handle life on the outside either, and hanged himself like brooks and engraved on a tree limb. jake was here. so back at the place everybody hates but nobody wants to leave, the state senate has sent andy some old books, records and 200 and tells him to please kindly if he would finally find it in his heart to politely shut the [ __ ] up. thank you. and golf. and the god says, get this cleaned up. i'm gonna need some bread. hey, it doesn't make sense, but if you knew the alternative, you thank me. so while he's taking a number two, or as i like to call it, laying a dose, and it locks the bitten with the [ __ ] and plays the con some opera music. and for a little while, they all feel free. at least that's red side of the story. but what they were actually thinking was, what the [ __ ] is this? or possibly what norton done? lost his [ __ ] mind? oh, maybe. oh, somebody's gonna get the beat out of them. oh, look, andy's gonna get the speed out of him. after a few weeks in the hole, andy tells the prisoners how easy the time was because he has music and hope, and how nobody can take that away. but red's like, no, dumb, but you know what? they can't take everything else. it's been 10 years. so red walks in. and so, due to the evidence that's been presented to us, we've decided we knew he wasn't going to let you go as soon as you walked in. after a few more years, the state senate tells andy they are sick of his damn letters about expanding the [ __ ] library, so they allow him 500 annually. so folks like haywood can sit around singing. but i don't know what to do. all i do is sit inside. oh lord. hey, this reminds me of that time brooks called his name into something, and look at this. [ __ ]. no love for jake figgers. but more good news. warden norton is going to put the prisoners to work, because, oh, how they love getting to bust their asses for no money. he calls it the inside out program, but i like to call it the, you know, rights having convict is gonna make me a rich [ __ ] program. to put it in simple terms, warden norton contracts the prisoners to work in the community while his tight water pinches pennies anywhere he can and pockets the prophets. sometimes, in addition to a ball of dough, he also gets a pie, which he gives to andy, which andy gives to red. while munching on said pie, red asks andy what he's doing for the walden. and he says, warden norton is bringing in hella, dirty bugs. i tied it up for him, then he gives me little treats and keeps the sisters off my muffins. so all that money is going into bank accounts of a man andy made up. randall stevens, well, i'd have picked something more bad, like idris elba, but andy, don't do any things. next enter the elvis presley. knockoff tommy. he's as dumb as a bag of [ __ ]. this young man is trying to get his name into the guinness book of world records for most prisons occupied. oh, dear god, here he goes, trying to do that learning thing. bad idea, buddy. you might hurt yourself. brain might overheat and catch that palm mating your hair on fire. but he goes to andy asking for help to get his high school diploma. he learns important things like how to find nouns in a sentence and 5 times 5 is 25. because apparently this is vital information which will keep his ass out of prison. i'll let my family know when it comes time to take his test. what'd i tell you? mental meltdown. so many me. elvis asks read what andy's in for? murder. of his wife and some golfers. she was bedonkin. all [ __ ] that he goes are thinking again. so tommy tells red and andy about one of his ministries in prison, where he met a freako named elmo blatch who would never shut the [ __ ] up. i killed this woman in her golfing lover, and they pinned it on her husband. and i don't know what i think is so [ __ ] funny, because i just ended up in prison anyway. so andy, who believes in stupid [ __ ] like hope, goes to the warden with this new lowdown. oh, andy, don't you know most people are ash because the warden is like so due to the evidence that's been presented to me, i've decided that i know i wasn't going to help you get out as soon as you walked in. and apparently, andy mailed his high school test to be graded. what do you [ __ ] know? doofuses can learn. and once again, things are looking up. then, out of nowhere, well, andy is in the hole, paying a hefty price for mentioning money. the warden pays him a little visit to remind him that he is god, that tommy is dead, and if andy ever stops helping him with his money laundering, nobody will ever get to sing. but i don't know what to do again. when andy finally gets out of the hole, he's feeling a little bummed, so he talks to red about a bunch of beautiful philosophical [ __ ], about how he didn't kill his wife, how he wants to live and save onto nail with his own little boat. and red says a bunch of discourage and [ __ ] like, you shouldn't be doing all this wishful thinking. they ain't never gonna let me out of here until i'm old and shaky as [ __ ] can't even straight the urinal. this will just go flying every which way. but i would just like to take a moment to note the fact that red actually said the words [ __ ] pipe dreams. anyway, andy's like, let me tell you what you need to do if you ever get out. get you to buxton and find a wall that leads to a tree where my wife and me once did the nasty under a funky rock. there'll be something waiting for you. and have some hope for [ __ ] sake. but later, red really starts to worry when hayward tells him that andy asked him for six feet of rope, and you gave it to him. heywood, i swear to god, sometimes i don't know what to do with you. and for the next several minutes, we watch andy perform his final acts of obedience. he finishes the woden's bookkeeping, he shines the wooden shoes, and he sits on the bed and holds six feet of rope in his hands while reading me, worry our asses off. so things are looking very grim. then out of nowhere, lord, it's a miracle, man up and vanished like a fart in the wind. you see, for years, andy had been subjected to pressure and time, much like the walls that contained him. that night before he asked for the rita hayworth poster, he noticed that the prison walls were beginning to crumble. and while the walls got soft and it got hard, he caught the damn tunnel. okay, this is how it goes. during all those years in prison, andy created a library, made some friends, built a fortune and devised a plan to outsmart the piece of world. so when the time was just right and they swiped the bank books and the fake ids, put on the walden suit and walked right on the [ __ ] out of there in the wooden, shiny shoes. andy dufreyne, you brilliant. [ __ ] he packed his belongings, some chess pieces. how [ __ ] sad is that? and he climbed through a tunnel where at the end a piper waited. i waited. i won't he was waiting there for him. but then andy was born again, praise the lord. and the rope was the umbilical cord. and at the end of it was the bag that contains all the things that once attached him to the inside. so i think this bag represented the placenta. god. this movie knows how to beat a metaphor to death. but i just got all that just now, so who am i to judge? and he stood in the rain as it washed over his body, cleansing him of his past and his sins and the pinched loaves of gods and prisoners. and he held his arms up to heaven, open wide, like jesus on the holy cross, as if to say, thanks for nothing, bit. you want no help at all, but i appreciate you a little for writing that book where i could hide my hammer. but now andy has been redeemed, baptized and washed clean to be reborn as randall stevens. but randall ain't done yet. time to get evil with you. the horn blows again one final time. and when the warden opens the safe, he finds the bible and turns to the book of exodus. and you're freaking right, salvation lays within within this here book, where andy hit his hammer all those years. and because walden norton has seen enough moobs in shawshank, he decides he'd rather not be subjected to a holy man such as himself. then red continues on with the metaphor about birds, free birds, bright birds, birds and cages, and some selfish about how he wishes andy was still in prison. but then the big day arrives again, and red says something like, well, due to the number of times i've sat in this damn chair, i've decided that i knew you wasn't gonna let me go as soon as i walked in. so you can take them damn papers right there and wipe your ass with them. because, frankly, sonny, i'm out of shits to give. little did he know that the key to success is just being a smart ass. i could have told him that the bad news is that success is relative. and for our next con success is often determined by whether you remember to double bag. but at least he can still aim straight and didn't piss all over the ceiling. okay, who puts a gun shop right next to where the country rehabilitate? oh, he's just buying a compass. so he does what indus said, he gets his to buxton, and he finds a wall that leads to a tree, and he finds the funky rock, and he pulls it up, and he looks inside a tin can, and there's some money, because andy knows red ain't making bank at that grocery store. and he just looks around thinking, so this is where andy and his wife once did the nasty. and there's a letter telling red that andy is safe in sa, montenego. and now red has some hope for [ __ ] sake. so red sets out with the excitement only a morgan free man can feel. he hopes to see his friend and shake his hand. he hopes mama quit ballin. it ain't that sad. congratulations, red, you got out just in time to be old, impotent, with three years left on your life to spend with your friend. but at least you look the same age as you did at the beginning of the movie. and you got to see the pacific like you hoped, which has been the highlight of your last 40 years. personally, i just keep it simple and hope to die someday, because i know that wish will come true eventually, and i won't be disappointed the end. thank you to these muffins for always being here for me and meth. jennifer p, and a special thank you to star kitten for the extra bonus this month. isabelle, dissie, chris, oh dan w davis. c whiskey, neddy. j gabriella, c, maria t collegee, donny b, roz, griez, fat cat, sylvia, kelly, s bethany c karo s david m christine k o anna, m elena s kelly. l p ptf j, melanie m, anonymous. bh, allison l autumn radio carriage. a, anna b, eva, katrina a and john k, you can expect me to upload videos after me and my mama quit bawling, because it ain't that sad. four movies explained. four i'm jeb. get busy living, or get busy or dying. and have some hope for [ __ ] sake 