hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2014 film x-men, Days of Future past. the x-men films have two timelines. check out the link in the description for a more clear picture on where this film falls into the storyline. the summary relies in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, check out the links below, as well as the summaries for the other Marvel films. the film opens in the future with mutants and humans being eliminated by virtually invincible robots called sentinels. the Sentinels have Mystique's powers of transformation, which they obtained after she was captured during the assassination of dr. Trask. the creator of the Sentinels proposed mutants, some from the previous film, some new. are in a hideout in remote China. a mutant named Kitty Pryde is able to send Wolverine back to 1973 so he can prevent mystique from assassinating dr. Trask, which will eventually lead to her capture and the creation of sentinels. in 1973, Wolverine finds the younger Xavier and beast Xavier has been using a serum that allows him to walk, but prevents him from being able to use his telepathic powers. wolverine explains his mission and gets Xavier to free magneto, who's in prison below the Pentagon for assassinating John F. Kennedy. once magneto is free, they travel to get mystique and get to her just as she's about to kill dr. Trask. Magneto and mystique escape. dr. Trask lives. and once President Richard Nixon of the dangers mutants and the president approves Trask Sentinel program, Mystique's blood is recovered from the scene to be used for the sentinel. magneto finds the prototype Sentinel and laces them with metal, which allows him to control the sentinels. Xavier stopped taking his serum and begins to regain his telepathic powers. however, is no longer able to walk. Xavier uses cerebro to track down the steep who's on her way to Washington, DC. in DC, the Sentinels are revealed, where magneto takes control and begins to attack the crowd important political figures and a disguise misdeeds, go into a safer Magneto uses his powers and plans to kill the occupants of the safe room, but mystique, disguised as Richard Nixon, stops magneto with a plastic gun. Xavier persuades mystique to spare Trask and allows mystique and Magneto to escape. Mystique's actions are seen as a positive for mutant and dr. Trask is arrested for selling military secrets. by doing this, the mutants that are seen in the beginning of the film, that are in the future, are no longer being pursued by sentence. wolverine wakes up in the future and finds all other mutants are alive, including Jean Grey and Cyclops, who died in the third x-men film. the split creates the new timeline that we see in the x-men Cinematic Universe. in a post-credits scene, we see a crowd chanting to the ultra powerful mutant named apocalypse, who is using telekinesis to build pyramids as four horsemen watch nearby. this is hinting at the next film, x-men, apocalypse. so that was the spoilers for x-men, Days of Future past. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil? please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 