[Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain a thriller about a couple who discover a strange room in their new house that grants anything they wish. however, can they all get anything they want without anything in return? let's find out on the room. the film begins by showing a husband and wife named matt and kate. the couple had just moved into a new house they had just bought. matt is an artist, while his wife, kate is a writer. having just moved in, the two of them seem to be busy tidying up various furniture in their new home. both seem to love each other because they like to joke and express their love for each other. among the pile of broken furniture, matt found a strange look, wooden key. while busy cleaning their house, matt finds a locked room. matt then opened the room using a wooden key he found. matt and kate entered the mysterious room, but just as kate stepped in, suddenly there was a power outage in the house. the lights around them flickered. matt then called an electrician to check the electrical conditions. in the house. however, when he checked, the electrician looked confused because the electrical circuit was very complicated and unusual. because the electrician couldn't fix the electrical conditions in the house. he finally left. but when he was about to leave, the technician told matt that something had happened in the house. the house was formerly occupied by a husband and wife who eventually died because they were killed by their own son. matt, who was curious about the story, decided to look for information about his house on the internet. according to information on the internet, the husband and wife who lived in the house were killed by their son, john doe, because he was considered a mental disorder. john doe was arrested and put in a mental hospital. that night, matt, who was indecisive, then entered a mysterious room in his house. he then spent his time drinking in the room. then he, who was half drunk, subconsciously asked for another drink that had run out. it was then the lights in the room became dim. but when the lights came back on, how surprised he was when he found the new bottle of drink he had asked for. the next day kate woke up from sleep, finding matt was busy in the secret room. kate was so surprised to find so many things in the room when the room was supposed to be empty. but not only that, various objects in the room looked very expensive and rare, such as paintings and various other furniture. matt said that all the things in the room resulted from his wish in the magic room, matt asked kate to ask for anything in the room. a doubtful kate then asked for some small amount of money. turns out, the light started flashing. after that, matt immediately showed kate the money she had just asked for. still doubting matt, kate then asked for a huge amount of money. the lights flashed again, and to her surprise, she realized that there was a large pile of money on the floor. kate became so scared by the magic room, but matt persuaded kaden said that they should enjoy the room. realizing that the room could grant all their wishes, the two of the men had fun. they asked for lots of money, luxurious clothes to all the jewelry they used to only dream of. day after day they spent together, having fun in that magical room. the two of them completely lost control and did a lot of crazy things in the room. they were both really lulled by a room that was able to grant all their requests. but over time, kate began to get bored with all the objects that can be found easily in the room. matt finally realized that kate was getting bored. matt himself has a desire to have a child. according to him, the presence of a child will fill the void in their relationship. but kate realized that they had tried many times, but they always miscarried. kate is now traumatized by trying to have children. the incident made matt so stressed that he finally left the house. but upon returning home, mats was surprised to find a baby in their room. it turns out that kate entered the magic room and asked for a boy, because kate herself had doubts if she would ever have a child of her own womb. but it made matt so angry, because he disapproved of them having children in that way. finally, the two of them went into the room to get rid of the baby. matt forced kate to ask that her child be lost. but kate was unable to bear to lose her son. finally, matt decided to leave the room, leaving kate and the baby curious about the room. matt finally decided to find out more information. matt then took some of the money they got from the magic room and went to see john doe at the mental hospital. matt finally meets john doe. it turns out that john doe knows something about the room, but he doesn't want to give matt any information. he just gave matt a suggestion to get out of the house before it's too late. matt finally leaves the mental hospital. but when he was about to pay for the gas he bought using the money he took from the magic room, he was shocked. strangely, all the money he brought has now turned to dust. matt, who was suspicious of the items obtained from the magical room, decided to go home. he then took some money and threw it out of the house. and sure enough, the money turns into dust when outside the house. not only that, the painting that was placed outside his house suddenly turned to dust. now he realized that all the items from the magic room would not survive outside the house and would turn to dust with h so that all the things from the room will age very quickly and crumble to dust. when kate was about to take her baby out of the house, matt tried to warn her not to do that, but kate still took the baby out of the house. how surprised kate was when she was outside the house. her baby was growing very quickly. matt immediately brought the baby into the house without him knowing. their babies are now eight years old, very fast aging. finally, kate decided to take care of their child. her son was named shane. every day kate tries hard to teach shane various things until a closeness begins to develop between the two of them. but matt was different, because he didn't want his son. he didn't care about shane. however, shane often feels bored at home and wants to leave the house. day by day, the closeness of shane and kate is growing. because he spent his time in the house, shane got to know the ins and outs of the house. one day, shane found the secret room. he also now knew that the magical roar could grant all wishes. one day, kate and matt entered the secret room, but both of them were so shocked that shane was there. the room looks different because it looks like the outside of the house. turns out shane asked for the room to look like it was in the middle of the forest. because matt was afraid that something terrible would happen. he immediately dragged shane out of the magic room. one day, a telephone rang. turns out john doe was calling from a mental hospital. this time, john doe tells matt about the secret behind the magic room. john doe said that his parents used to be a husband and wife who could not have children. his parents then asked for a child from the magic room, and the child was john doe. it turns out that john doe and shane are the two people who appear from the request in the magic room. but it's strange how john doe didn't turn to dust when he left the house. john doe then revealed his secret. if matt wants the item, or whatever they get from that room to survive outside, the person asking for the item must die. that's the reason why both his parents died, because they both wanted john doe to have a life outside the home. because his father asked for john doe, his father had to die. his father and mother then asked john doe to kill them so that he would have a life after the murder, he did. finally, john doe could get out of the house and live freely like a normal human being in general. unfortunately, he was arrested by the police and put in a mental hospital because he was thought to have a mental disorder. the same goes for kate and matt. if they want shane to live, then kate must die. unexpectedly, kate turned out to be quietly listening to matt and john doe's conversation on the phone. this incident made kate so frustrated she then went out and tried to kill herself so that shane could live. fortunately, kate hesitated to do so. kate then comes home and meets with matt. matt tried to persuade his wife and comforter. they then began to make love and vent their love passion. but both of them didn't realize when they were making love, shane saw everything. shane, who is still a child, begins to have a desire to have sex. shane then decides to leave the house. the next day, matt and kate were so shocked when they saw shane, who had become an adult. but shane, who's jealous of mats and kate's intimacy, wants to kill matt. he really wants to get kate. kate tried so hard to persuade shane. matt then took the opportunity to attack shane and tried hard to take the gun in his hand. at that time, kate fell and hit her head. she fainted. meanwhile, matt and shane have a fierce duel between life and death. kate finally woke up from her stupor matt says he's managed to kill shane. but the information made kate sad because of the loss of her son. when kate and matt were eating together, kate could see there was something strange about matt. she realized that what was in front of her was not matt, but shane in disguise. now she knew that they were in a magical room made to look like their home, shane disguised as matt. tries to persuade kate to have sex with him. on the other hand, it was matt who woke up from his stupor. now he realized that kate was in danger. he knew that shane had brought kate into the magic room. unfortunately, the magic room is locked by shane, so matt has to break through the walls to get him in. when he made it in, matt was amazed that shane had turned this room into their home. matt finally met kate, but kate is made very confused, because now there are two mats in front of her. after following her conscience, kate knows which matt is real and which is fake. kate pushed shane, who was still disguised as matt, down the stairs. that's when his true form appeared. unfortunately, kate and matt are still trapped in the house. when they tried to get out of the room, shane made the room look like a mace. both of them got lost and just circled around in the same place. matt and kate realized they could use their imaginations to trick shane. they then made a replica of themselves and managed to outwit shane finally, matt and kate managed to persuade shane out of the magic room. matt escorted shane to wrestle him out of the house because it was outside the house. shane's body began to age so quickly. his body was aging so fast that he turned to dust. a month since the incident, kate and matt have moved out of the house. now they live in a motel. when matt came in with coffee for kate, kate was seen staring blankly. she was stunned when she saw a test pack that showed that she is pregnant. that's when the lights in the room flashed, indicating that she had not yet come out of the magic room. it turns out that kate is still stuck with shane. and worst of all, now she is pregnant with the baby of her own adopted child. you 