Sicario to cease release this week. so to celebrate, I decided to re-watch the first film and the phenomenal franchise to bring you a recap where things left off, as well as my explanation on the film's ending. throughout this video, there will be heavy spoilers, and I highly recommend that you check this film out if you haven't yet. with that out the way, and definition, and this is my ending explanation of Sicario. throughout Sicario, we follow FBI agent Kate macer as she works with the CIA in order to take down drug cartel operations, teaming with the shadowy CIA agent Matt graver and Alejandro Gillick, who slowly discovers that things aren't what they seem, and because of this, gets thrown into the middle of the crosshairs. in the film's final half-hour, we discovered that the CIA have only been used in capers status as an FBI agent. and this is because the CIA requires cooperation from another agency in order to operate within the u.s. kate comes to the realization that she's been set up as a patsy, but still insists on joining the raid on the tunnel in order to find out more and ensure things go by the book. the team kills all of the men in the tunnel, and Alejandro reaches the other end where he kidnaps one of Diaz's drug mules. when kate arrives and attempts to stop alejandro, he shoots her bulletproof vest, which momentarily paralyzes her and allows him to continue on his mission. returning to the tunnel entrance, kate confronts man who explains that by disabling the Sonora cartel, they are attempting to return to a single-car tell the Medellin brand the drug trade. this would ultimately return order to the industry and thus reduce violence. and until Americans stop using cocaine, this is the best that they can hope for. Alejandro, who worked for the Medellin, was brought on to assassinate Alec on. mat explains decay that Alec on had ordered the murder of Alejandro's wife and daughter. and this is Alejandro's opportunity for revenge. in Mexico, Alejandra reaches a lakhan's estate, and he finds his family at their dinner table, killing them in front of alekan, before killing him too. after the completion of the mission, Alejandro appears in Kate's apartment where he forces her, gunpoint to sign a waiver legitimizing the operation. as he leaves, she aims her pistol at him, but as he makes eye contact with her, she realizes she cannot bring herself to pull the trigger. Alejandra warned Kate that she was not go out to live amongst the wolves, and the lowering of her gun confirms this. this also highlights why the character will not return for the sequel. in Juarez, we watch victims of Alejandro's watch his son soccer game. the game is briefly interrupted by the sound of gunfire before continuing. this signifies that the violence will continue once more, and it will be the innocents who are left to suffer. at its heart, this is a tale of the death of one's family and how leading a violent life will always lead to tragedy. Alejandro's family were killed, which led him to murder members of other peoples. and it warns how dangerous drugs could be. at the film's heart is the theme that if everyone just stopped using drugs, or if the government legalized it, which they are clearly prepared to consider due to their actions in the movie, then this violence would go away and stop leaking into effect those who have no influence on it. it's a deep message and one of the most brilliant aspects of the film. so what did you think of Sicario? is there anything I missed out? or did you interpret the film differently? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that. make sure you keep an eye out for my Sicario to ending exclaim video. and check out my Luke Cage season to end the explain video at the end of this one. again, thanks very much for taking the time to watch this, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 