hey there, movie lovers. how's it going? i'm john from fast films, and today we're going to be talking about a 2017 american horror film called the terror of hallows eve. at the beginning of the movie, we're taken to the 30th of october, 1981. three girlfriends are walking home from school together, gossiping as they part ways. one of them finds a trail of blood. she follows it to some trash cans and finds a boy named timmy laying dead. the completely gutted body sprays blood and guts all over her face. she screams and runs away. as she leaves, the boy gets up and takes the bloody props off to reveal it was all a prank. the girl's father drags timmy to his house and complains to his mom about his recurring behavior. he intimidatingly tells her that he's sick of tim's pranks. however, after the mother threatens to call the police, he lets him go and leaves. later, timmy's mother tries to make him stop the pranks. she tells him that people don't like such jokes, and they could earn him a bad reputation. timmy sits at the table making a sculpture. as he listens to her, she explains that no one understands how smart he is, and requests him not to prank anyone from now on to avoid getting in trouble. timmy agrees, and his mother leaves to go to work at night. while sitting in his room, feeling extremely bored, timmy starts sketching a creepy monster in his drawing pad. he hears a door creek and goes out into the hall to investigate. the cellar door in the hall creaks open. driven by his curiosity, timmy gets in. he checks the old closet to see where the noise is coming from. suddenly, the monster he'd been drawing leaps at him from within and then disappears into thin air. timmy finds old halloween photos of his family in the old junk this takes him down the memory lane to his childhood. his father was a drunkard and a drug addict with a short temper. one day, timmy had found his father's drugs. as a result, his parents got into an ugly fight. we're then brought back to the present, where timmy cries at the memory in the pile he also finds a book titled the book of halloween. he comes across an eerie poem in the book and reads it. he also notices a creepy picture next to the poem, labeled the trickster. in the morning, while timmy's at the store, he watches a store employee called april, who's there with her boyfriend, brian. timmy's mom walks in and starts chatting with april. she asks timmy if he remembers her. timmy zones out and starts fantasizing about her. when he snaps back to reality, he gets mad at his mother for calling him timmy instead of tim and thus embarrassing him in front of the others. feeling enraged and embarrassed, he walks out of the store. outside the store, he sees brian and his friends talking. timmy opens the door of his car, accidentally scratching brian's car during the act. this enrages brian. he and his friend surround timmy and start throwing insults at him. just as they're about to assault him, timmy's mother rushes out to his rescue and threatens to call the cops. the threat scares the bullies and they leave tim alone. timmy and his mom then leave the parking lot and drive away. later, his mother suggests making a complaint against brian at school. timmy lashes out at her for meddling in his business all the time. timmy says something disrespectful, earning him a slap across the face. however, she immediately realizes her mistake and apologizes. just then the doorbell rings. timmy opens the door to see his mom's friend outside. his mom asks him to get groceries and walks outside with her friend. tim eavesdrops on their conversation in the driveway, which reveals that she is having a lot of financial issues. when her friend walks away, she gets in the car and cries. after that, she drives away. in the next scene, timmy walks down to the store where april works. they have a friendly chat at the counter. as they're making small talk, a spider appears on the counter, scaring april immensely. tim takes it out of the store for her. as he leaves. outside the store, he's again surrounded by brian and his friends. they snatch his magazines and pour milk on his head. they then burst out in laughter and ridicule him tim fantasizes about hitting brian. he manages to get a hit at him, but ends up getting beaten up by him instead. a very hurt tim then limps out onto a dirt road. he finds a pumpkin on the road and brings it home. he puts it on the table and starts scooping it out and carving it angrily. while angrily cutting it, he starts babbling to himself, saying he wishes to scare all the people who caused him pain to death. while he's at it, a drop of his blood falls on the pumpkin. he then leaves it to attend to some trick or treaters at his door. after a while, while he's watching tv, the doorbell rings again, and more kids appear at his door. as he gives them candy, a light inside the garage breaks, indicating some paranormal occurrence. the pumpkin he left in the garage is now glowing orange. as timmy stares at it in the dark, a terrifying demonic entity appears in the corner. it looks like the trickster from the book he'd read earlier. the trickster tells tim that he made a wish and now it's time to play. timmy starts thinking he's hallucinating, but it's in fact a reality. the demon introduces himself as the trickster, and he promises tim that he'll help him scare his bullies to death. at night, tim shows up outside the store to find brian and his friends there, along with april, who just closed up her store. tim threatens them, and they start chasing him. april also runs after them, trying to get them to stop. timmy keeps teasing the bullies, infuriating them even more as they give chase. during the chase, brian ends up in timmy's house to see halloween decorations inside. happy halloween [ __ ] is written on the wall. april tries to put an end to the chase, but they all start looking for tim inside the house. brian goes to a room upstairs to look, followed by april, who continuously keeps trying to make him leave. brian, however, is adamant on finding him, and keeps looking around the dark room with a flashlight. at her office, timmy's mother is shown, where she's all stressed up and is constantly messing up because of her depression. she tries to call timmy on the landline, but he doesn't pick up. back at the house, the trickster tells timmy that it's time to teach the bullies a lesson. two of brian's friends enter separate rooms to look for tim one of them closes the door behind him and surprisingly finds himself in the middle of a forest, while the other one finds himself in a creepy room with balloons and a weird face with a huge smile painted on the wall. brian finds tim's art stuff in the garage and calls him a weirdo. the friend that teleported to the woods finds a camping site and encounters a demon with a pig's face, while the one in the weird clown room gets spooked by a pop-up clown toy. timmy's mother finally reaches him on the phone. she tells him that she will be late. he tells her he's tired and doesn't feel like talking. as he hangs up the phone, the trickster tells timmy that the stage is set for revenge. as tim sketches his bully in the woods. back inside the woods, the guy finds a table set with a candle and a pie on top. he sits down at the table and starts eating the pie. upon sensing something strange, he looks up at the trees. when he looks back down, he finds the pie filled with worms. he gets up disgusted and finds himself face to face with a demon. it scares the living hell out of him, making him bold away. he keeps puking and trying to escape as the demon tails him constantly. he falls after a while, and the demon starts cutting into him with a knife. he guts him and starts eating his intestines. as the boy screams in agony. inside the clown room, music starts to play and a puppet show starts. the guy stuck inside starts smoking and enjoying it. suddenly the music stops, and the puppets start cutting their strings with their knives. they start advancing at him with their knives pointed his way. he gets scared and asks timmy to cut it out, admitting that he's scared. as he says this, the puppets drop down to the floor. he then turns around, but the creepy clown doll from the pop-up toy appears and drags him towards all the puppets who start repeatedly stabbing him all at once as he wails in pain. in the garage, brian is looking through tim's stuff and telling april that he's a freak. april tells him to stop and leave, but he keeps ruining tim's things. as he's busy in the act, a scary demon appears in the garage. april successfully escapes the room, but brian is stuck. he is lured into a room by a feminine voice. inside the room, a beautiful woman approaches him, bewitching him by her charms and beauty. she comes closer to him and suddenly cuts his throat open. he looks up at her to see that her face has now changed into that of a monster's. the trickster tells timmy that he is proud of him. he reminds him that april is still alive, and they have to kill as well. the terrified april is looking for a way to escape this hellish situation. she tries to open the front door with tears running down her cheeks, but in vain, she even tries to break it with a chair, but to no avail. april runs and hides inside a closet and tries not to make any sound. the closet door starts rattling, and she freaks out. the closet door then opens to reveal tim he asks her to come with him and tries to help her escape the trickster. april asks him what's going on. just as he's about to explain it to her, the trickster appears. he tells tim that he's disappointed in him for trying to save april and ruining the fun. the doorbell rings, and they start banging at the door frantically. however, the kids outside cannot hear them. timmy gets angry at the trickster and tells him off, saying he never wished to kill anyone, he just wanted to scare them. the trickster reminds him that he was the one who had wished to scare them to death, and now he has to finish the game. tim remembers the book in the attic with the trickster's picture in he realizes that they need that book to escape the house and get rid of the trickster. he tries to run to the attic, but the trickster turns into a giant monster and gets in his way. april and tim make their way to the attic and read the book to understand how to get rid of the trickster. they figure out that they need a wick and the pumpkin. but as they are reading it, a hole opens under april, and she falls into a channel of underground tunnels. there she finds a giant spider who starts chasing her. she screams and starts to run. tim finds her and pulls her back to the attic. he tells her they have to go back downstairs to put an end to the trickster's terror. they carefully make their way into the hall to look for the pumpkin and awake as instructed by the book. but the trickster throws tim against a wall. tim distracts the monster as april runs to a room and locks herself inside. downstairs, the monster turns into tim's estranged father. he starts telling tim made-up lies, attacking him mentally with his tricks and playing with his emotions. he then asks timmy for the pumpkin, but tim throws it on the floor, and it turns to mush the dad and the trickster immediately evaporate into thin air. timmy goes into the bedroom and tells april that everything is all right and that they can get out. april is relieved and tries to jump out of the window. the window, however, comes crashing down on her, and a broken shard of glass stabs her in the back, killing her on spot. tim starts screaming and finds the carved pumpkin next to him. in the next scene, he wakes up on the sofa where he'd been watching tv earlier. he thinks that he might have been dreaming and brushes it off. just then his mother returns from her evening shift. she greets timmy and goes inside. a couple of seconds later, timmy hears her blood-curdling scream. he walks inside to find brian and his friend's corpses lying inside the hallway with blood splattered everywhere. he looks into his hand to see that he's holding a bloody knife. his mom freaks out and gets alarmed. she keeps repeatedly telling him that she loves him. tim assures her that he knows that, as he stabs his mother to death as well. in the next scene, a doctor is escorting a new nurse called kelly inside the psyche ward. as he explains all the rules and protocol to her, he advises her not to let her guard down, since all the cases in the ward are high risk. they can cause serious damage, he says, if one isn't careful. he introduces her to timothy, who is the same kid from earlier, only grown up now. he advises her never to call him timmy, and tells her how he killed five people, including his mother, and still blames it on monsters. he says that tim would have gotten the death penalty if he wasn't a minor at the time he committed his crimes. the nurse says she remembers him from the news. she looks at him from his cell window and starts feeling bad for him, saying he looks sad, but the severity of his crime shocks her greatly. nurse kelly then settles into her office and starts taking calls for her night shift. another doctor walks in and introduces himself. he tells her that he needs her to get a file for a patient who died of cardiac arrest, so that he can call the coroner to get his body. he explains that halloween eve elevates the anxiety of some of their patients, especially the ones who have schizophrenia or dementia. he advises her to be prepared to sedate any patient in case of an emergency, and tells her to stay away from a patient who bites a lot. as he leaves. inside his cell, tim gets flashbacks from when he first arrived in the facility and sits down at his desk to draw. nurse kelly makes her way down the hall and hears the wailing of patients. she enters the files room to get what the doctor had asked. in one of the drawers, she finds tim's file, which is labeled confidential. inside his cell, tim draws a picture of nurse kelly. kelly is on her desk about to open tim's file when she receives another phone call. she answers it to find a distressed girl on the other end who pleads with her to let her talk to tim. while balling, the girl tells her that everyone is dead, and tim can help her fight him. kelly asks who she means by him, to which the girl replies that he calls himself the trickster. as she says that nurse kelly pulls out a drawing of the trickster from tim's file, and the movie comes to an end. that's it for today, guys. hope you enjoyed this crazy one. 