welcomes to movie summary. today, i am going to explain supernatural horror film mirror. a security guard runs through a subway station until he enters a room he cannot escape, and starts begging his reflection in a mirror for his life. his reflection uses a shard to slice into its own throat. the wound reflects upon the real security parts body, killing him. ben carson, keeper sutherland, a suspended police detective, begins his first day as a night security guard at the mayflower, a luxury department store that was gutted by a fire and shuttered five years prior. the building still contains numerous mirrors from the store. on ben's first night of patrol, he finds a mirror that appears to be covered with handprints, but only on the reflected side of the glass. he sees an open door in the reflection, while it is actually closed. over time, ben begins to see more intense visions, which he initially shrugs up as hallucinations. he soon finds the wallet of gary lewis, josh cole, the previous night guard from the beginning of the film, who supposedly killed himself. inside is a note that says, essecre after noticing the absence of blood on the mirror shard and gary's crying photos. ben is convinced that the mirrors make people do things to themselves that they are not actually doing. meanwhile, ben's sister, angie, amy smart, is killed by her reflection as it grips its jaw and slowly pulls its mouth apart, causing her to bleed profusely. ben is distraught when he finds her body. in anger, he attempts to destroy the mirrors at the mayflower, but they are impervious to damage. he demands to know what the mirrors want, and cracks appear on one of the mirrors, spelling out the word jessica. ben enters the flooded basement of the mayflower and finds a small sign stating psychiatric studies and saint matthews hospital underneath. he moves to the side of the leak and begins pulling at the tiles and brick of the wall, and finds a room with a chair surrounded by mirrors, beyond it a psychomantium. realizing that the mayflower was built on the side of an earlier hospital, ben asks his police friend, larry jason, fleming to help him locate the patient. employee manifest for the hospital. larry finds the name anna essecker, mary beth peel, a patient of the psychiatric hospital. she was 12 years old at the time and died in a mass suicide. ben looks through anna's file and finds an authorization and consent form that negated her death certificate, stating that she had been discharged from the hospital two days before the suicide. and is like to believe that anna is still alive. meanwhile, ben's wife, amy paula patton, discovers her son, michaels cameron, voice reflection, acting differently from the real michael. in a panic, she calls ben, who immediately returns home. together they cover every reflective surface in the house with green paint. ben locates anna essecker's childhood home and discovers that as a child, she was violent and uncontrollable, and diagnosed with severe schizophrenia. she was taken in by a doctor, dr kane timothern, from saint matthews hospital, who believed that she was suffering from a rare personality disorder. his treatment was to confine anna to a chair surrounded by mirrors, believing this would cure her disorder by forcing her to confront her own reflection. venice told by anna's brother that when she returned, apparently cured, strange things started to happen with the mirrors in their home. as a result, her family sent her to a convent, saint augustine's monastery, where mirrors are forbidden. ben visits the convent and finds anna, who explains that she was actually possessed by a demon which was drawn from her and became trapped in the mirrors. she explains that it collects the souls of those it kills, and if she were to return, it would make it possible for the demon to be brought back into the mortal world. she refuses to go back. meanwhile, amy discovers that mikey is missing at home, and a thin reflective layer of water is completely covering the floor. after putting her daughter in a safe closet, she finds michael using a knife to scrape the paint from the mirrors. amy tries to stop him, but he escapes, obviously possessed, having threatened her at gunpoint. ben returns with anna to the mate lower and straps her into the chair in the psychomantium. back at ben's house, michael is suddenly pulled through the water on the floor by his reflection, and begins to drown at the psycho manti and the lights begin to flicker in the building begins to shake as the demons and the mirrors are released. they repossess anna, and all the mirrors in the mayflower explode simultaneously. michael is released from the demon's grip, and amy is able to pull him to safety. ben is then attacked by the repossessed anna. he manages to kill her by igniting a nearby gas line, setting off a huge explosion. the old building collapses, killing the demon and trapping ben under the ceiling. as he rushes toward the exit, gun, pulls himself out of the rubble and stumbles out of the building. policemen and firemen are everywhere in the street, and a body is seen being taken in a bag by paramedics, but nobody notices ben. he looks at the older security guard's name tag and sees it as written backward. realizing everything is in reverse, like in a mirror, he realizes that he never made it out of the building, died in the rubble and is now trapped in the mirror world. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 