welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who's had a couple of nights out that have ended with some mortal kombat. throughout this video, we're going to be discussing the movie's plot ending, the new characters in it, and also where things could be heading if we get a sequel. full spoilers ahead. so if you want to finish it before knowing what happens, then i highly recommend that you get out of here. that's really bad. that's a really bad joke, and i apologize for that. but please click the thumbs up button, and don't forget to subscribe for videos like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into mortal kombat. okay, so we're going to be discussing some big plot points in the movie, as i feel that we need to address those before diving into the end. but if you want to skip ahead, then time codes will be linked below. although scorpion initially started off as a bad guy in the series, as the video game franchise has gone on, he slowly changed from a villainous viper head into one of its best anti-heroes. we begin in 17th century japan at the home of hanzo hazashi, and see the man who would later become him have his son and wife killed. maybe you should get over here, hey. now, this is carried out by bihan, a man who would later go on to become sub-zero, the mortal enemy of scorpion in the game cannon. hanzo was one of the finest warriors in his ninja clan, and he was a master at hand-to-hand combat, as well as using a rope and dagger. now, bihan and hanzo go head to head in the opening of the movie, and the former bests him, murdering him in the process. as hanzo dies, he hears the cries of his daughter, who is saved by the thunder god and appointed protector of earth realm, raiden. hanzo's soul descends into the nether realm, and from the game, we know that it's here where his spirit became a vengeful specter, hell bent on just stice. now, over the centuries, scorpions sought vengeance on those that murdered his family, and this led to him working with villains like quan chi. he's one of the most interesting characters in the entire franchise. and from the top, i absolutely love the authenticity that this movie brought with it. starting it off in japan was an inspired choice, and it really gave the movie some grit to it. though he doesn't appear in the film that much, he's still one of its key characters and arguably the most important person in it. now the movie primarily focuses around the outworld, who are now close to crushing earth realm due to achieving nine consecutive wins against their champions in the mortal kombat tournament. should they win the 10th, they'll make 2020 look like 1999. and thus the forces of shang tsung will do whatever they can to ensure victory. we join call young, an ex-mma champion who is haunted by visions of hanso, possessing the mark of the dragon. he becomes very important to the plot. it's revealed that cole is actually a descendant of hanzo, and for centuries there's existed a prophecy that stated that his blood will unite a new generation of earth-run fighters that will protect the planet. aware of this prophecy, shang tsung sends out his forces to kill all of the earthrealm champions, which can be identified by their distinctive dragon marks. he wants to win before the game even begins. and i love how this character, who was pretty much a cheat in the games, was also a cheat in this story. a bit of a reach there, but i appreciated it. now, young is a brand new character for the series that has seemingly replaced johnny cage, much to the dismay of fans. though i know a lot of people are angry over this. we do get a tease towards johnny at the end of the film, and i think that with the tone they're going for, the switch-up definitely feels right. the movie's director, simon mccoy, said that cage was very much a 90s action star parody. i know that works with the game in the original film, i feel this update makes more sense. and i'm a guy who used to love hoofing him in the balls when he tried to kick me. now we'll discuss the new version at the end of the video, but hopefully he doesn't leave you with a coal shoulder, which is both a coal pun and a sub-zero one. so that's not as bad as the other ones in this video, now played by lewis tan. you might recognize him from the netflix show wu assassins. i think he does a great job in this movie, though, new characters introduced into films based on long-standing franchises often suck. tan works really well as a protagonist, in my opinion. now they don't mind also throwing big names from the franchise at the screen thick and fast. and after running into jacks, cole is pointed in the direction of sonia blade. here, she explains the dragon mark can be transferred by killing someone who bears it, and this is how both jacks and kano managed to get one amongst stair files. we also catch a glimpse of nightwolf, a character from the series that taught liu kang how to perform a bestiality, not like that, if you filthy animal. now reptile attacks her base, and after kano kills the beast by getting it toasty, the group journey across the sky and desert to ryden's temple. along the way, we meet the other protectors in liu kang and kung lao, who hats off, looks completely awesome here. they're protected from shang tsung's forces by a powerful barrier, and the group trained to unlock their signature moves, which are called arcanas. after cole is unable to master his raiden informs him of his ancestors and sends him home. more disappointing than i was when the movie didn't start with the mortal kombat theme tune. they do bring it in at the end, though. now at this point, shang tsung pulls together his best assassins, in mylena, nitara, cabal, riko and prince goro. gabal, an ex-associate of kano, was betrayed by the character and left in what he refers to as a walking iron lung. the machine man knows that kano's got more faces than shang tsung, and thus he offers him a deal to bring down the barrier so that they can attack. kano betrays them, and goro storms cold's home against him. coal manifests his arcana, which is a powerful suit of armor and weapons that absorb energy. though he doesn't fully disarm goro, he's still left pretty armless. and i love this moment when they burst out. several fatalities from the game, including kung lao's spinning hatsu move. raiden reveals that he actually wanted shang tsung's forces to attack so that coal aka, the chosen one, could find his arcana. and that the prophecy is now fulfilled. sadly, before he can pull off a hat-trick, kung lao is killed. and in the void between realms, the forces regroup. after getting hanzo's got intro well as blade from raiden, cole realizes that they have to enforce the rules in order to beat the bad guys. and in one-on-one arenas that feel like they were ripped straight out of the game, [ __ ] goes down it's own. the fight scenes are absolutely amazing, and they really managed to recapture the look and feel of the fatalities for these moments. there were several i recognized from when my little sister be i mean, when i won the arcade tournament. and i love how they kept the film as close to the game as they could. it really shines in these battles, making it arguably one of the best video game movies of all time. wasn't that hard though. but after sonia kills kano and gets his dragon mark. the rest of the fighters are taken down, which leaves just sub-zero left. he captures cole's family after surprising them. and that's just the tip of the iceberg. as they become isolated in a frozen prison. still got it. now, though he loses what i'd consider round one, if it was in the game. cole uses hanzo's blade on the villain, which summons his spirit from the nether realm. i'm sure they redubbed the get over here from the original trailer, and it is possible that series creator ed boon provided it, as it sounds way closer to how it is in the game. working together, scorpion and cole managed to kick some ice and they beat sub-zero. in the ladder's old mma arena, scorpion unleashes his fire breath in what is one of the character's signature moves. this transforms half of his face into the skull that is synonymous with the character. and though it heals, i appreciate this little nod to the source material. he returns to the underworld having avenged his family, and he entrusts cole to look after the bloodline. now, similar the game, shang tsung loses the tournament, and though his champions have been defeated, he hatches a new plan to return with the armies of outworld. raiden knows that other enemies are coming, and he says that they must assemble some new champions, the first of those being a hollywood actor known as johnny cage. obviously, cage is a big name in the series, and was very surprised that he wasn't in this entry. cage was a struggling action movie star that entered the tournament to revitalize his career, and in doing so, he would prove his abilities to skeptical fans that didn't believe he was the one behind the stunts. cage is very materialistic when we first meet him, but over the years in games, he did lose much of this persona and became someone who was completely dedicated to defending earth. now, going off the storyline of the original, it's likely that we will encounter emperor shao khan at some point in the sequel. in the second game, xiao khan was furious that shang tsung failed, and thus he decided to lure the earth realm warriors to outworld. the stakes were changed. and if earthrealm won, they would be left alone. however, if they lost, then our world would be able to regain the prior 9 wins, count the new one as 10, and invade the planet with nothing to stop them. though the outlook was bad. liu kang managed to best can in combat with a k and i can see this being the main storyline that they tackle in the sequel. in the 2011 reboot, though we followed the bare bones of the original plotline, there are certain elements injected into it, such as visions of the future that showed a timeline in which all was lost. now because of his inclusion in the film, and the fact that marlena is a clone of his daughter, katana, i can see kan being the next big bad there was also another character who was said to be part of the film, but simon mccoy ended up cutting him out. now that was rain. in case you don't know, rain is a very much the water version of raiden. and throughout the series, we've discovered that he's a demigod. upon learning this in his personal ending, the character decided to build up an army to conquer all the realms. it's interesting that he was originally in the film. as this is, of course, very similar to what shang tsung wanted to do at the end. potentially rain could end up getting a big role in the next movie. and if he was cut from this one, then i can imagine that he might be in the roster come next time. now, as for my thoughts on the film, i have to say i really enjoyed it. after seeing the first trailer, i was a bit meh on the designs and new character focus, but i think the film works really, really well. i also absolutely love kano. hilarious. hilarious. now, though we don't get big back stories for the characters and the plot is pretty predictable, what we're here for is, of course, the over-the-top gore and martial arts. it doesn't disappoint in that department at all. and there were so many scenes i was sat open mouth thinking, i can't believe they've actually managed to bring this to the big screen. now, mortal kombat was great, and i really enjoyed it. it's definitely one of the best video game movies ever made. and it's a strong step forward for setting up a franchise of films based around different characters and tournaments. mortal kombat was great, and it gets a 7 out of 10. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize during the 30th of april, in which we're giving away three copies of zack snyder's justice league in 4k. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like it, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the film. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of falcon in the winter soldier, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the final episode and discussed everything you need to know about it. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care and get out of here. i'm sorry. i couldn't resist. goodbye. 