hey people. john here from fast films, and today we're going through a 2017 horror thriller movie called leather face. the movie starts with a family celebrating a kid called jackson's birthday. his mother brings a cake to the table. as everyone sings happy birthday. he blows on the cake and makes a wish. just as he does, his older brother drayton, leaps up and ravenously cuts into the cake. but his mother asks him to be polite and offer some to their guest. everyone looks to the side to see a man tied to a chair and gagged. the man insists that he isn't a thief and he didn't steal their pig, but no one believes him. jackson's mom, verna, asks drayton to get jackson's present. he brings him a chainsaw, and they cheer for jackson to kill the thief with it. jackson is hesitant. drayton pushes him, which results in him cutting the thief's leg on accident. he tries again, but fails. his mom tells him he disappointed them, but explains that family is there for each other. as drayton kills the thief by a blow to the head using a hammer. in the next scene, two teenagers are driving down the road. they start kissing and get distracted. as a result, they almost hit something on the road. betty gets off to see what it is. a kid pops out of a pig's corpse with the pig's head on his betty asks if he needs help, and he runs away into the fields. after asking for her help, she runs after him and reaches a barn. she stops in the middle and falls into a pit. this injures her, and she realizes that it was a trap. jackson removes the pig head from his head. as drayton tells jackson that he did a good job, he pulls on a lever on the side of the barn. a heavy generator is held up in the air by chains. he signals nubbin to drop it on betty, and he does, killing her. as jackson watches, a police officer rushes to the crime scene, where some of his colleagues are already present. he is betty's father, and is livid. betty's boyfriend is crying, saying that he couldn't make it on time. the officers have dayton held up. he was the one to report a body verna arrives on the scene and demands the officers to let her sons go. at once she reminds them that they have no proof, the officer hal walks up to her and tells her that he'll take all her kids away for child endangerment, since they are always involved in some kind of crime. jackson watches the ordeal from the police car. we're taken 10 years ahead. dr lang at the gorman house is explaining the history of the place to a new nurse. as they walk down the hall. he tells her about the texas endangered child protection program and about the kids being psychologically damaged. the nurse is excited to help at this facility and introduces herself as lizzie. the doctor still refers to her as elizabeth, and tells her that it is good for everyone if these kids stay in there. she walks into a room full of young adults. she sits across one of them and starts talking, but he doesn't reply. jackson interrupts to tell her that the other guy is called bud, and he doesn't speak much. he introduces himself to her. she asks them about their medication, but jackson responds that they don't take any. she asks if he'll be a problem for her. he says he wouldn't. as they are talking, two older guys get in a fight. lizzie tries to break it up, but gets caught the middle and barely gets out of it when the guard rushes in. in the bathroom, lizzie is freshening up when she hears a noise from one of the bathroom stalls. she finds a girl trying to feed another one a mouse. she helps her get away and tells the bully not to smoke. lizzie warns her as she gets out of there. dr lang isn't happy about the fight. jackson and lizzie tell him that it wasn't bud's fault. dr lang is angry and tells him that budd bludgeoned someone to death because they stole his dog. after that, lizzie walks out into the hallway. while looking at bud's file, it says that he has bipolar disorder. she turns around and gets startled by jackson. he apologizes and thanks to her for helping bud. he tells her about dr lang's ect chamber of horrors and asks her to take a look into it. she assures him that he'll get out one day. as he walks away, verna arrives at dr lang's office with a lawyer in a court order to see jackson, who she used to call jed. dr lang dances around the topic and says they have a lot of kids, and they have new names as well, so they are hard to recognize. verna calls [ __ ] on him as he calls her a hillbilly, even though she married someone rich. she walks out of his office at night, she breaks into the facility and demands to see jackson. in the meantime, bud is being tortured as isaac watches in dr lang's tcs lab. lizzie hears them during her rounds at night. as she is about to lock up the room where the kids sleep, verna smacks her across the face and steals her keys. lizzie tries to stop her and goes to complain to dr lane. she walks in on dr lang giving electric shocks to bud. he hears verna screaming outside, and heads out of the room. the kids are starting to break free, and bud has a bipolar episode where he starts bludgeoning people. lizzie and another nurse run to hide in the basement as dr lang and the staff get rid of verna. meanwhile, the kids have broken free. clarice and her boyfriend start making love on the stairs. as the kids wreak havoc. dr lang calls authorities for help from his office. bud shows up there. the doctor tries to hit him, but bud kills him by smashing his head repeatedly in a glass window. some kids find the nurses and cut one's tongue out. jackson comes to the rescue and takes lizzy with her, but clarice and her boyfriend, ike, take them hostage and drive out of gorman in dr lang's car. a little far away, they stop to change clothes. lizzie tries to escape, but clarice gets her back. ike warns the group not to try and escape again. he tells bud, jackson and lizzy that they'll go to the mexican border with his mother, and can part ways. after that. he makes lizzie change her clothes on the street, as they agree on the plan. at the institute, officer hal and the sheriff's department are looking into the doctor's murder. hal puts everyone on high alert and asks for the escapees files. the kids are headed towards mexico, while verna's lawyer calls her to tell her that jackson has escaped out in the field. an officer reports to hal that they have found lang's car. he orders them to shoot the kids at night and drives off. the kids reach a diner and decide to head in for food. lizzie and jackson sit at a separate table for mike and clarice. jackson wishes that his circumstances were different. a man looks suspiciously at clarice from the counter, and ike tells him off. clarice notices that the man sitting at the table behind her has a gun. she breaks a glass and tells the waitress they have no money. ike gets up and has her at knifepoint, while clarice stabs the man behind her and takes his gun. they start shooting people up and take their car keys and money. lizzie tries to run, but bud grabs her as they are leaving. ike blows the waitress's brains out with a shotgun. the man from the counter shoots bud with his pistol, but the group manages to escape. the cops reach the diner, and the man from the counter tells them that the kids escaped and afford the kids find an abandoned trailer. jackson opens the door and urges lizzie to go in first. he tells her that they'll stay there for the night. he gets close to her, and she takes a step back. the rotten wood boards break beneath her floor, and she stumbles onto a dead body in the bathtub. clarice and ike laugh at the body. clarice sits down, and jackson helps her tend to bud's bullet wound, while ike finds some moonshine on a shelf. at night, lizzy is sitting on the floor. jackson offers her the moonshine and she accepts. meanwhile, clarice and ike are having a threesome inside with the dead body. the front of her upper half body is burnt. ike comes to get the moonshine, and lizzie warns him that it'll worsen his condition. ike tells jackson that she's read all their files, but she swears that she only read their medical ones. jackson believes her and claims not to care either way. as jackson storms off with the moonshine. jackson wakes up bud for his turn to keep watch over them. at night, lizzy hears a noise and wakes up. she sees a shadow outside and goes out to investigate. ike leaps at her and accuses her of trying to escape. jackson comes to her rescue and starts beating ike up. he tells lizzie to run, but clarice shows up with the shotgun. ike insists on sticking to the original program. he calls bud stupid and heads over to the tree to urinate. bud shows up behind him, and he hits him with something. bud drags him to the field and forces his face on a giant rock with his feet and kills him. in the morning, the other three are looking for ike and bud. lizzy suggests they run, but jackson wants to help bud. jackson and lizzy find bud sleeping on ike's blood-soaked corpse in the field. clarice is still looking for him with a shotgun, and a police officer finds her. hal shows up with more officers. as they ask her about her partner, hal tortures clarice to get more information. she spits in his face and runs clarice yells to warn the others, and hal shoots her. lizzie says they should get help from the police, but jackson warns her that he is corrupt and biased. hal drags clarice to the trailer, and she starts laughing at him and calling him a sad old man who is still crying for his dead daughter. this drives hal over the edge, and he shoots her dead. deputy sorrels calls him out for being cruel. they start shooting the trailer while the kids watch from a distance, and eventually run away. the police only find the rotten, old, dead body inside the trailer and head out to find the remaining kids. jackson and bud run after a distressed lizzie. they hear police dogs as they find a dead deer. they hide in the dead body and dodge the officers. after the officers leave, they get out and start walking again. lizzy sits down at a stream and vomits. everyone washes up at the stream and moves along. lizzy sees a police car crossing a bridge above them and calls out to it. the officer calls for backup. bud attacks the officer, and he shoots bud in the head. jackson loses his mind and kills the cop in a fit of rage. lizzie gets in the driver's seat and they start to drive. jackson is mad with rage and is banging on the dashboard and is yelling at lizzy. some cop cars start firing at them from the back. a bullet pierces the lower half of jackson's face, leaving it disfigured. the car flips over the side of the road, and everything goes dark. when lizzie wakes up, it's dark outside. the officer tries to contact hal over the radio inside the flipped car, lizzie responds and tells them that she is stuck and needs help. she tells sorrells that she was kidnapped. he assures her that he is on the way. as he hangs up, hal drags lizzie out to a barn in the field. he has jackson tied up and hanging from a chain. he tells her that he won't let them go. recalling that jackson helped kill his daughter in this barn ten years ago, hal exclaims that the fun is just about to begin sorel heads over to verna to tell her that hal has got his son held up somewhere in a barn. he asks her about their arrangement. she remembers and gives him money. as he is about to leave, drayton stabs him and feeds him to the pigs. verna instructs drayton to come with her and get jackson from the old barn. he wonders if he still remembers them. verna arrives at the old barn. hal holds her at gunpoint and tells her that her son is already dead. as he points to the pit below them, he asks her where all the other sires are. verna's sons sneak up on him and knock him out. verna calls out for jed in the pit. he removes the rag over his head to reveal a deformed and torn lower jaw. verna gets him out of the barn. she stitches his wounds up. back at the house, she gives him a harness to wear on his face to keep it in place. lizzy is still at the barn with hal. hal is injured on the floor and begs lizzy to kill him, saying that he's sorry. she takes him inside the house. it's decorated with odd bones and candles. they hear verna and nubbin in the kitchen and hide. verna yells from the barn that they escaped. nubbin runs out, and lizzy and hal see a chance to run. the family tricks them and gets a hold of both of them. they restrain them in the kitchen. as verna calls for jed. jed limps his way inside the lounge with a chainsaw. he approached hal on a chair. his mother encourages him to take revenge for what he did to his face. jed saws both of hal's hands off and then aims straight for the heart. as lizzy begs him to stop, she breaks free from nubbins and runs out into the fields. verna sends her sons after him, and they happily oblige. lizzie is running in the fields, but jed finds her. she tries to escape, but her leg gets caught in an animal trap. she pleads with jed to let her go. she tells him it's not too late to run away with her. verna shows up and makes jed believe that she is lying to him. jed blows lizzy's head off with the chainsaw, and verna tells him that she is proud of him. in the next scene, jed's family is going about their business in the house. the brothers are feeding the pigs, and verna is doing housework. jed is sitting on a desk and has sewn up a face mask made of human skin. it is the iconic leather face mask. he puts it on his face and tightens the drawstring. he looks at himself in the mirror and bangs on the table. this is where the movie ends. thanks for watching, guys. 