[Music], welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna retcon a little and move forward a little with phantasm three, Lord of the Dead, released in 1994. let's get to it. we opened on the requisite narration recaps. to bring us up to speed. they take us through the first film and then bookend the second, being curiously cautious not to show Mikey's face. this leads right into our current story, which picks up where that one left off. the Hearst explodes, and we find Micah's back again. and we've tied off the pesky Liz storyline in style and other new developments. Reggie has also lost all hesitation around firing off the old quad girl. hmm, that's some good blastin surrounded, Reggie takes a risky gambit, threatening to blow them all to smithereens. since the tall man delights in taking young men whole, he backs off for now, retreating to his smoking lounge where he plots his next attack on Inspector Gadget. we then find Mike in the hospital in a coma. he heads toward the light where he meets Jody, who confirms you age in the afterlife, still incapable of following Jodi's recommendations, he heads directly toward the light, until he sees a silhouette of the tall man, snapping him back into consciousness. he finds that he was scheduled for some elective surgery by this hag nurse, and manages to sticker. she then squirts all over Reggie before birthing an orb from her head. lucky for the boys, this is just a peep in orb, so it does its business and carries on. they then go to stock up for the journey at a house that probably shouldn't exist, given the prior storylines. Jody makes a brief appearance, but we find out his powers are limited to no more than the plot requires at any given moment. and he turns into an orb before warning them away. just as the tall man shows up, they each failed to repel him, and he nonchalantly retreats with his new boy-toy. Reggie wakes up and gets back to searching just like before, arriving in holtsville. before long, he stops at Bart's, a must-visit for anyone passing through. he comes across some strangers who get the drop on him, and goes for a nice ride until they find an enticing home to loot. they enter and soon find themselves in a booby-trapped hellhole run by this slippery scamp. they fail to take him seriously due to his lilliputian stature. so he demonstrates that he's not playing games outside. he confirms his familiarity with late-night Cinemax as he delivers Rufus a hard ticket to Hawaii. and then stares down the final scavenger trapped in his Tiger pit before putting one between his eyes and releasing Reggie. they spend a little time giving the scumbags a proper burial and marking, assuring this budding psychopath always has a crime scene to revisit in moments of weakness. that night, Tim and Reggie sit around a crackling fire and share stories of the tall man. the next morning, the scavengers car and bodies are conspicuously missing. Tim demonstrates his value as a compatriot and convinces Reggie to bring him along. they start at the Holts Ville funeral home, where Reggie goes in alone and gets bushwhacked. he tries to convey the clear and present danger, but the message doesn't land. until it does, and Tanisha finds herself unencumbered by the burden of containing blood. rocky whips out her nunchaku x' and takes her best shot. however, before finishing the job, Tim strolls in looking like he's going to a costume party, dressed as 1994, and solidifies his value to the group. they then drive on until they reach an impasse. Tim reveals that the Joad orb is capable of providing rudimentary directions, leading them to a point where they pick up rocky. somehow anyway, finding nothing but a rural wasteland ahead of her, she agrees to come with them. the next day, they're once again losing their way, until they run across an abundance of evidence that they're near the tall man, bringing them to Bolton. they set up camp outside of town. Jo Dorp visits Reggie in his dreams, where he makes love fully clothed. he takes him to see the tall man, who is working on getting Michael to voluntarily give up his brain for orbit occasion. when the opportunity arises, they grab Michael and flee. this reveals a connection between dreams and waking life. when Reggie wakes up with Jodie and Mike at their camp. the tow man is locked in on their energy now, requiring Reggie to do that doorway collapsing the thing he does so well, the tall man only gets a brief peekaboo of his bulge before getting shut down. his hands stick around though and get handsy, causing a minor amount of trouble before being handled and turned. they drive into the night, eventually discovering what happened to the scavengers bodies and car. they have a bit of a back-and-forth before Rufus displays turd like driving behavior. the altercation has also blown the Cudas rear tires. so they decide to walk to the nearby a mortuary, figuring they wouldn't be expected to go there, so it's safe to hide. they scope things out to make sure they're alone, and they appear to be. although there is a suspiciously active cryo chamber in the basement, which gives Mike the recollection that the tall man hates the cold. ooh. thanks for telling us. now, they hunker down for the night and take shifts on Lookout. Mike attempts to download knowledge from Jody, who tells him what we already know, brains to orbs, bodies to slaves, and that this is related to some sort of plan for conquest. the scavengers show back up and grab Tim, while rocky gets to chucking. meanwhile, Jodie and Mike check in on the tall man, who senses their presence. and when Mike poops himself, he locks in and arrives. he then immediately begins whatever he had play for both Tim and Mike elsewhere. rocky confronts Edna, beginning with breaking Reggie's face, and then focusing on punching and scissoring her over the edge. Tim is released when Jody gets a surge of power, and the tow man doesn't notice because he's distracted by his hobby lobotomy kit, because it's important to foster new interests. Jodie puts in works, spinning off Rufus's head. and then Reggie gives Henri a quad barrel to the face. they busted and put a nitroglycerin tipped spear into the tow man, driving him into the freeze box. but his inner Orbis capes as if they don't have enough to deal with this dumb the only fair enough. Mike takes a moment to explore his body, and that's trouble getting his face flap to look right. the rest of them handle the final or with a plunger in the dip in the cryo chamber, cursed with golden eyes. Mike runs off the Jody rocky goes her own way, and Reggie and Tim returned to the mortuary to search for clues. hey, found a couple there. and big Don, apparently confident in one day finishing his story, ends the movie on a cliffhanger. hey, good for you. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 