welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to relish in ancient traditions involving ritual sacrifice with the 1985 documentary the dark power. if you're into extravagant quick play, this is your channel. let's get to it. we open on a title scroll that will skip. don't worry, they cover all this information several times over throughout the first half of the film. and then we move on to the southeastern united states, where a camera crew crowds around john cody to learn about his culture, but instead are witnesses to his untimely death. awkward, we learned through voiceover they were working on a docu-series about recorded wills, and mr cody was their subject. it then transitions to cletus heading out into the woods, well armed, but pursued by a dark power. he's confronted by a ragtag pack of good boys, and makes the mistake of initiating their chase instinct, thus transforming his lily white ass in their eyes from friend to rump roast. this is where we meet ranger gerard whit, master and ruler of the animal kingdom. after handling that, he heads out to his old friend's property, where the beneficiary of the estate laments his grandfather's insistence on sharing the land for religious ritual however, since his intent was never officially recorded, he instead plans to turn his new land parcel into a [ __ ] in passive income. gerard then goes on a date with the journalist mary and hits all his best lines. you know about my whip? mm-hmm. all about it, but this is a business date. and mary thirsts for knowledge about the toltecs. they're a tribe that predates the aztecs, but oral histories are best recorded for posterity. so after demonstrating that he uses his whip for everything that he's able gerrard recounts for them the legend of the toltecs as he knows it, they were worshipers of a dark power that supposedly culminates at cody's property on totem hill. why, even his whip is imbued with remnants of the four sacred lands representative of the four powers. and we're left to wonder if that'll become relevant later on. we then cut to beth, who needs a place to stay while school's in session. she's introduced by lin, played by a young julia roberts to mary, who tells her about a prime spot way off campus that's only mildly haunted. soon they're filling the house with nubile, young female bodies. when a reluctant tammy arrives, nervous about the ghostly rumors. i'm not from this county. how am i supposed to know about this place? and they can't haunt you if you don't know about them. she's introduced to susan's crotch and then given the full tour, which culminates with a laundry room full of ancient artifacts and ceremonial daggers. things sour, however, when tammy runs across lin, the house bigot, and she gets all worked up that they have the audacity to invite tammy to live with them, knowing her propensity for overt racism. then back to thirsty mary at the courthouse, where she runs across her favorite silver grizzly bear and invites him to join her in her research. here, tad fills us in that cody had wanted the bodies of the four sorcerers exhumed and buried at sea, but they were never found, so he stayed on the property and devoted his life to performing rituals to contain their dark power. and gerard says, yeah, i already knew all that, because he's one of those kinds of guys. since there can't possibly be any more story to talk about, this must be the part of the film where stuff starts happening. sure enough, susan heads to the kitchen to microwave her pre-workout ribeye. when slick jimmy saunters in, we learn that craig is actually lin's brother and their new roommate, invited to live with them by lynn as a passive-aggressive way to drive them all crazy. this is further demonstrated when beth arrives home intent on relaxing, but finds the tub occupied by paige. as she enjoys her post-workout bath. beers already on edge by how crowded the joint is, craig pushes her over the edge when he wanders in and diverts his eyes, but only in their direction. he also refuses to leave until susan gives him a swirly, resulting in him reaching climax and taking away his only reason for sticking around oh, wait, one last piece. as mary and tadd do their math homework, they realize that tonight is the designated night of the return of the dark powers. cool. cool. so now we know the evil days are upon us. as we head back and find craig having a rager with two other guys. they work at being as annoying as possible. when they're interrupted by a knock at the door, they assume it's all part of the plan, until they start receiving arrows into their bodies. the boys confirm that they're surrounded, and craig puts up an ineffectual defense, but still manages to make it into the yard. here he's held in place so they can get him hooked up with some arrows so he doesn't feel left out. since allen can't convince the girls of what's happening, he runs out to craig's car with lin. the car won't start, forcing them into the woods, and they make it to the boat, but don't get away fast enough. as a result, allen has his face manually readjusted. lynn makes it close enough to the house for her screams to penetrate the silence of the night, air drawing out susan and resulting in her being awkwardly drowned in a shallow pool. the sorcerers then make it inside, and beth hears everything, but assumes it all to be related to the party, so she tries to ignore it. but then she remembers that they don't have renters insurance yet and she needs to protect her mom's silverware. tammy ventures out to retrieve the goods for her friend, and then lets out the first scream that is clearly not party related. this fully draws beth from her room, and she assumes the intruders are pranking her, but quickly learns that this is not the case. the girls find themselves in a jam, fighting off the undead from all sides. when gerard shows up with his legendary whip. and if you were concerned, he may elect to use it sparingly, you're in for quite the treat, although it does prove ineffective at close range. tammy turns the tide when tackled into the laundry room, where she puts the ceremonial daggers to good use, inserting them into her attackers, finding their rotting flesh easily gives way to the gentle caress of the blade, three of them run off to melt in the yard. but the final one shatters the blade that was intended for him. but then gerard wakes back up, and now it's time for a whip showdown. he warms up by showing who's most adept at whipping the air, before drawing first blood. he then moves in aggressively, backing his foe up the stairs until he disarms the demon, before disarming the demon, and then he sends it straight back to hell. as the sun rises, gerard shares an inner monologue with his old friend, the afternoon and evening of my life is still to be lived. after noon. that seems generous. and just a reminder that i have a website where you can support the channel through donations. any donation earns you a link to a 10-minute review of toby hooper's life force. and any support is greatly appreciated. a special thank you to ryan your generous donation. much like unhinged, here's another film that gets all of its pesky exposition out of the way by having its characters say things to each other in huge blocks of dialogue. however, it balances this out with a fairly action-packed third act and of course, whip choreography that is advanced even by today's standards. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 