the story follows the adventures of ethan, kendrick jason bear, charged in his childhood by the enigmatic jack robert forster, to protect the ue jew an individual who had been born able to change an emoji chosen by heaven into a celestial dragon, from a corrupt emoji identified as bariki, who was prevented from obtaining it in the past by ethan and jack's previous incarnations. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. to this end, jack gives ethan a medallion formerly belonging to ethan's previous incarnation, harem, and reveals that the reincarnated uh is sarah daniels, amanda brooks, whom ethan will find in los angeles. fifteen years after this revelation, bariki invades the city, bent on capturing sarah, whereupon ethan, now a television news anchor, rescues her, conveys the knowledge of her purpose and attempts to save her from beriki, during which they eventually regain the memories of their past lives. during the resulting chase, beriki's atrox army enters the city and engages the united states army, the united states air force and the los angeles police department in battle. here, the atrox army is shown to consist of black armored humanoid night warriors, theropod-like cavalry called shakons, small winged western dragons called bulkos, and immense, slow-moving reptiles carrying rocket launchers on their backs, identified in the dialogue as doddlers. despite losses, this army overwhelms the human forces, while ethan and sarah escape the city, [Music], but are subsequently captured by the bulkos and taken to a menacing fortress in the midst of a darkened desert landscape. there, as bariki emerges from the fortress to consume sarah, ethan's medallion unleashes power that destroys the atrox army. ethan then attempts to prevent buriki from consuming sarah, but he is knocked away, whereupon the good emoji, of whom the power in sarah was to be given, emerges from the fortress and attacks bariki. the two emoji, good and evil, engage each other in a duel that bariki appears to win after seemingly snapping the good emoji's neck. after this, bariki again approaches sarah, who finally offers herself willingly, but instead gives her power to the injured good emoji, who absorbs it. sarah faints, and bariki can do nothing as the good emoji becomes the celestial dragon, continuing the duel until it finally destroys bariki. [Music]. after bariki is destroyed, ethan watches sarah dissolve into a spirit form, and the celestial dragon permits her to speak to ethan, whom she assures that they shall see each other again and promises to love for all eternity. then withdraws sarah into its body and ascends into the sky, through the parting clouds to the heavens. jack appears behind ethan, reminding him that the two of them have been given a great honor to take part in this transformation, and vanishes after whispering goodbye, old man. ethan walks away into the desert. 