welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka death Vader. and with the rise of Skywalker now up for release, the Star Wars sequel trilogy has come to an end. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie and giving our theories on some of the things that leaves unexplained. we'll also be discussing the ending, our thoughts on the film overall, and whether it's worth going to see. so if you want to know if this movie is the chosen one, or if it ends up going to the dark side, then this is the video for you. that will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the rise of Skywalker yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Star Wars the rise of Skywalker. okay, so the rise of Skywalker, it basically revolves around several MacGuffins in order to drive the plot. it's a MacGuffin, Russian doll. and the opening of the movie centers around kylo Ren searching for a device known as the wayfinder that will guide whoever has it to a sith palace on exit goal. I don't really know if it's a palace, but it has it their own subjects, cavalry and almost a kingdom like ascetic. kylo finds it during the introductory scene and travels to EXA goal, in a moment that was shown heavily in last week's TV spot. upon arriving there, not only does the character discover that Supreme Leader Snoke was a clone, but he also comes across Darth Sidious, or rather Emperor Palpatine, who has been reduced to a frail and weak old man. now, the film doesn't ever explain how Palpatine survived the destruction of the Death Star. however, if you cast your mind back to Revenge of the Sith, you'll remember that Palpatine discussed with Anakin that there was a Dark Lord known as Darth Plagueis who had a special ability. actually not. now we're on the subject, have I ever told you the story of Darth Plagueis the wise? well, he could control the midi-chlorians to create both life and even avoid death, and personally, I think that this is the method that Palpatine used for his resurrection. when talking about this, he gives a little nod to the line that some considered the methods are natural, which is the same thing that the character utters in the scene during Revenge of the Sith. we also discover in the film that Palpatine is Reis grandfather. and I doubt that he was getting it on it due to his pasty looking but head. so he likely created her father, and then, after turning his back on destiny, the character went onto father Rey. Star Wars has a big motif in the law that says that every character has a destiny, and those that choose to run towards it will go on that path, whereas others that turn their back on it will avoid it. Ray's father clearly did this, and spent the majority of his life on the run from his father's wishes. this pretty much ties into the overall aspect of family and destiny that is rampant throughout the movie, which I'm gonna be discussing throughout this video. we'll get into that in just a bit though. and we learn that Palpatine has likely been controlling Snoke and sending out duplicates. and this is why the scars on the carried his head looks slightly different in the force, awakens to how they do in the last Jedi. I may, I may just be giving JJ a bit too much credit there, but yeah, that's just what I thought retro actively. he's been behind everything, controlling it all from the shadows. which, yeah, in my opinion, lazy and desperate writing. the opening crawled, kind of tries to cram this all in in one go to make it feel like it had some setup. but I think it's clear that Palpatine was never really supposed to be a part of this trilogy. another thing that they don't really explain is how Luke's lightsaber was fixed after it was torn into in the last Jedi. we do know, however, from behind the scenes images, that Rey used a binder to join the pieces. and this can be seen at certain parts in the film, such as when Leia Han said, Oba, basically, but basically, it's like tape when you break your spectacles. this picture on screen now is a visual representation of JJ fixing Star Wars. and yet, though a lot of things go and explained, those were kind of the two main things that I saw people wondering about, so I just thought I'd cover them here. now, when the films are not blasting through scenes in order for the characters to go basically from item to item in order to unearth the location of EXA goal, it's tackling identity. and this is seen throughout all of the main characters. finn is a stormtrooper turned resistance hero, and he finds kinship. and characters like jana, who was stripped away from their families, though it's never out and out stayed in the movie, originally it was revealed in the supplementary material and leaks that Lando was afar there, and that the two was separated on persona by the first order. the former remained on the planet, living an almost hermit lifestyle, whereas Jana was forced into combat before she eventually put her arms down and proceeded to fight back. the two don't out, and I would say it, but from the leaks and their dialogue, I think we can draw the conclusion here. mirroring this, poe is trying to hide from his past, not really accepting that he used to be a spice runner. however, after he reconnects with someone that he used to do jobs with. he seems much more accepting what he's been through and how it shaped him into the person that he now is. Huck's is a spy working within the first order. c-3po loses his memory, and now he eventually gets it back. he's a quote-unquote death scene. it does feel like we're losing a big part of what made him, well, him above all. list though, the true conflict of identity comes with both our two main players, Rey and Ren, or reloj, if you were into that kind of thing, who tackle with the duality of their personalities throughout the majority of the film. since killing his father, Wren has been torn between the light and dark side. and though he tends to be a more towards the latter, trying to turn rheya every chance he gets, it's actually he you ends up swaying back to the light. this comes during the battle with Ray on the Death Star, to wreckage, in which his mother dies whilst trying to reach out to him one more time. this distracts him long enough that Ray is able to stab him, steal his ship and head to act you bless you, to cut herself off from the force left stranded, han Solo appears, and the two pretty much had the conversation that they had on the bridge, except this time it has the added weight for Ren that he has lost all of his family, the ones he cared about, and that it's foolish to continue on this dark path, especially when he cares for ray. it's probably the best part of the film, and I doubt that anyone had any trouble with seeing Han return and change his son in the way that he so desperately wanted to in the force awakens. this could have very easily been a turn like Daenerys in season 8 of Game of Thrones, but thankfully, at least this moment is well paced and has gravitas mirroring this. ray, who, throughout the entire trilogy has been desperate to find a family, really goes on a journey, this time to try and reconnect with the roots and discover who she really is. there's even a point in the movie where she gets asked her name. and though I was hoping she'd turn around and say, bond, James Bond, it's clear that she's torn apart by not really knowing. it's very much a case of, be careful what you wish for, though. as she learns, probably at the midpoint of the movie, that she's a Palpatine and that the emperor has been hunting her throughout her life in order to bestow upon her what he sees as her birthright, she's confronted by a dark version of herself that easily best sir. and at several points during the movie, she gives in to anger and rage, using force, lightning at one point, and also force pushing thin he had something to tell her, but I don't, I don't know what it was, because we'll never find out. that was a really, really stupid thing to say that in the movie. anyway, after jumping through hoops to get to X eagle, ray finally comes face to face with her grandfather. almost a husk, he has the entirety of the Sith living through him. and once ready to participate in the ritual of striking him down, this will cause the Sith and Palpatine to inhabit air. and as the new Empress Palpatine would still makes me laugh a bit when I say she will rule a galaxy. at this point, Ben has become Jedi again, and he helps her in the finale, which send us on the to tackling Palpatine, whilst the resistance fleet fights the final order. there's cameos from wedge and almost an on your left moment from Lando that copies the Avengers end game a bit shamelessly, but will not talk about that. at the center of it all though, is race battle between a family. and which choice to make. does she turn to the light, possibly dooming her friends, or accept that she is the new, one true emperor? now you don't have to be a genius to know which option she goes with. but unwittingly, due to their force bond, rey and ren combined have enough power that their life force rejuvenates the emperor. when tapped into ren tries to fight back, but it's cast aside. but Rey stands strong, and through the Jedi, who knew family that now lived within her, she manages to fight back. the Jedi, most notably Luke and Leia, knew her true identity, but they still trusted that she could bring balance to the force and decided to train her anyway, trusting in her in the same way that Yoda and obi-wan trusted in Luke. now they could have cast him at the side, because he was a Skywalker. but yeah, they saw that she was a Palpatine and decided, hey, maybe not everyone is controlled by destiny. she's able to destroy Palpatine and doing the old reflect the Lightning back with a lightsaber trick, and the fleet destroyed, the final order, saving the galaxy. this has a massive cost on Rey, and it actually kills her. however, kylo is still alive, and he gives up all of his life force in order to force heal her. we've seen this tease through the Mandalorian recently, and also throughout the movie. and this use of the force in a positive way allows her to come back to life. the two share a kiss, and then Ben dies, fading away like the Jedi do when they pass away. with everyone defeated and the galaxy back in harmony, Rey journeys to Tatooine, most notably luke's home, where she buries not only his lightsaber, but layers as well. i kind of saw this as a closing of the book and a visual representation of the past finally being buried, which was a big plot motif of the last Jedi. a passerby who just happens to be in the scene, says, no one's visited there for a long time. and she asks who she is. Rey pauses and looks out into the distance where Luke and Leia appear as force ghosts. and she answers, Rey Skywalker, I took this as her finally accepting her identity and show her allegiances and who our true family are. her father's a great example of this. and just because you born to a certain family, it doesn't make you tied to it. you can choose your own destiny. she also sparks up a yellow lightsaber, which is the first time that I think we've seen one in a Star Wars film. but yet, don't quote me on that, there was a lot of them during a tag of the clones. however, I do think this holds some significance. and yellow, for me, has symbolism as its a mix between green and red. and this shows that Rey has both accepted hoursit lineage and the Jedi side of her, which could be a nod to Luke scream lightsaber. and I took this as her finally putting in stone who she really is. she stares out onto the twin sunset of the planet, finally knowing who she is, and yet either way you look at it, a Palpatine still rules the galaxy. hum, [Laughter]. [Music]. okay, so what did I think of the movie overall? well, what a mess. from the opening crawl all the way to the end, this film feels like a solid pit of death, sucking all the goodwill that I had for the franchise and digesting it slowly over thousands of years, in the most painful way possible. the movie just reeks of poor planning. and Noah tried to do a lot of course correction from the last Jedi. personally, I think it may have been better if they just went in that direction, instead of trying to write all the wrongs of the prior movie, and thus not having enough time to develop their own moments. they tried to change things so much that they all annoy fans of the last Jedi. and also people who hated the last Jedi will be annoyed with how underdeveloped this story is, because it tries to focus on new things so much. they just didn't set up any of this film in the last movie, so now that you have to set it up as fast as possible. and because of this, the pacing is so rushed. I don't know why, there's been some big things set in stone now where Star Wars films have to be divided in two trilogies, because this needed a fourth movie in order to tell a complete story. like remember when infinity war was announced? everyone was like, it'll be the end of the Avengers trilogy. however, they couldn't tell the full story in that film. so guess what? they just made another movie, which would have been the smart thing to do here as well. like you idiots, I think it's very obvious that Palpatine wasn't supposed to be in this film. and there was even a lot of rumors that were flying about that Matt Smith would be the villain. but I guess this was changed in the reshoots. the movie itself, it just, it exemplifies all of the mistakes in Lucasfilm. there was no creative direction from the off. and because of Kathleen Kennedy's lack of plan, the movie is all over the place. they clearly didn't have the foresight to map out all the movies, and now they're trying to use a Wayfinder to get there. this film really suffers. and whilst I don't think it's as bad as the Phantom Menace or even Attack of the Clones, as far as satisfying conclusions go. this is a complete dud. this exemplifies the difference between Marvel and Lucasfilm. you have Kevin Feige, who has everything planned out wealth or hour ahead of time. he lays the groundwork for it. and then Kathleen Kennedy, who just makes it up as she goes along. yep, it's just a mess. it's crazy to think that this is the end of the trilogy. and with the controversy surrounding it, the huge pot leaks and so on, I don't know how there's not going to be a lot of firings in the next couple of months. so, yeah, very, very disappointing film. and this is how Star Wars dies, to thunderous applause. Disney brought balance to the force, just not in the way that they expected. they tried to please everyone and ultimately ended up pleasing no one. and that's why the movie gets a 5 out of 10. I actually think the last Jedi is better, like genuinely, it's a much better movie. now, obviously, I love to hear your thoughts on the rise of Skywalker. so make sure you leave them in the comment section below. and if you enjoyed this video, then force push that like button. if you want something stole ated that's a lot better than this, then make sure you check out my full breakdown of the Mandalorian episode 7, which we linked at the end. we go over all of the Easter eggs and things you need to know about the show. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hope you see over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favourite movies of the air. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make she's subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the rise of Skywalker in the comments section below. the one is gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of January, in the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 