[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka the white weirdo. and this video, we're breaking down black widow, the brand new marvel movie stars scarlett johansson, and it very much feels like a closing of the book on natasha romanov's story. the film culminates with a big cliffhanger that sets up a showdown between elena belova and hawkeye. and maybe if nathan have been a better cliffhanger, we wouldn't have been here in the first place. thank you. i'm here all week. now, we open with nat's childhood in 1995. that is part of a spy family made up of her father alexi, mother molina and sister elena. this movie is very much about family, and i was half expecting dom toretto to show up and catch black widow falling from the sky on the bonnet of his car. now, interestingly, nat's origin very much mirrors val's backstory, as in the comics, she was part of a sleeper cell family working inside an anti-communism movement. this was for the organization leviathan. and clearly, she's not adverse to manipulating people. and this may be because she herself was manipulated when she was younger. there's very much an idea of ruined childhoods in this film. and nats is destroyed when her father infiltrates the north institute in order to steal shield secrets from the hydra front. they have one last meal together before leaving the country, and this idea of final suppers appears at several points in the film. now, the info he stole included a map of the basal ganglia, which is the part of the brain that controls decision making and choices. hydra, of course, were masters at manipulating this, and it explains how they were able to control bucky's mind. in the winter, soldier, the family have to flee. and after landing in the russian ally country of cuba, nad and her sister are enlisted into the red room program. this is a female assassin division headed up by a man named drakov, who wants to create an army of all girl assassins. we learned that during the mission in budapest, sorry budapest, nat made an attempt on his life, and his daughter was also apparently killed during this. however, she survived and drakov transformed her into the taskmaster, an almost unstoppable assassin that is able to perfectly mimic her opponent's fighting styles. now i know a lot of people yet will be annoyed by this reveal, especially as it reduces one of the best characters in marvel to being a mindless machine. in the comics, taskmaster was responsible for training several people. and the change from anthony masters to antonio drakov is probably going to leave a lot of people asking, but why? now, taskmaster is played by olga kurolenko. and what's funny is she's one of the only russian actors in the film, but she gets one line, whilst everyone else is putting on this stereotypical accent. anyway, the main plot takes place right after the events of civil war. if you cast your mind back to that, you'll remember that she stunned black panther when he attempted to get stephen bucky at the airport. and after this, she was warned by tony stark that secretary ross would be coming for her, though she went on the run. and mirroring this, her sister elena does at the same time too. it turns out that when nat defected to the west, her sister was put through an updated run of the red room that used the stolen north institute studies to brainwash it. whilst out on a mission in morocco, elena is sprayed with red mist that wipes the brainwashing from her, and this gives her back her free will. she realizes how evil the red room is and reaches out to her sister in order to help bring everything down. now, interestingly, the person who sprays her with the red mist is called oxana, a character from the black widow comics that was heavily tied in with the red widow. the story of the film also seems to be based upon the deathless frenzy, which was a chemical serum from the comics that could highly alter someone's behavior. now, sadly, i'm not sure how much this brainwashing plot works. and when that isn't able to kill draco because of pheromones, it's bad writing, in my opinion. i really wish that they'd handled it with there not being any brainwashing at all. and elena simply saw her sister stand up to the government during the events of civil war, which inspired her to do the same thing. in her country. this would give her far more agency, in my opinion, and would make natasha's legacy a lot stronger, as we could see how she inspired others to do good, rather than simply having a red miss mcguffin, that solves all problems. i think the film is metaphorically making a comment about men in power controlling women and getting them to act against their will. but to me, it would just be much stronger if they made these decisions on their own, rather than having them just being mind controlled and then suddenly not anymore. anyway, yes, just my opinion there. but nat and elena rescue their father, alexia, out of prison, and they reunite with molina, who we learned was paramount to the red room programming due to her scientific discoveries. as a family, they destroyed drakov's headquarters, which look like a cross between the triskelion and a helicarrier. elena kills drakov and they bring down the base, with nat having to skydive in order to save her sister, who doesn't have a parachute. she catches up to her, but nat is tracked by taskmaster, and the pair plummet towards the ground ner is able to free antonia from the programming using a vial of red mist. and antonia hugs her whilst asking if her father is gone. she's finally free. and though she could pop up in the mcu again as taskmaster, i very much view her arc as being over, as she seemed like someone who didn't want to fight, so it's unlikely she'll be up for returning to the battlefield anytime soon. that apologizes, not only to her, but also elena, who she feels like she should have gone back for after her defection. nat decides to stay behind, and elena and cole leave to travel the world, freeing the widows that are still subject to the red room's mind control. elena gives nat her tactical jacket, which we see the character wearing in infinity war ross's forces arrive, and weirdly, the movie cuts out rather than explaining how net managed to get out the situation. to me, this was a very strange thing to do. i think it just seems like they needed a reason for not to leave the family, but also didn't know how she would get out of ross tracking her down. either way, though, she does. and we cut to two weeks later to see she's still on the run. thus we know that she didn't agree to hand herself in or go back with ross. that meets with rick mason, who, throughout the movie provides her with tech and also transports. he gives her a quinn jet, and it is possible that this is the one that was found at the end of age of ultron, as we know the one the hulk was in went as a car with him. now decides to go home and patch things up. and we know that this vehicle was used by her and the rug avengers during infinity war. she travels off into the sunset to the avengers theme, and we see fireflies drifting around a tree. this is symbolic on a number of levels, as we learn in the film that nat's real mother was killed, and she was buried under a tree like this. it also explains why the post-credits scene shows that nat's grave is being placed under one two. and here we see elena visiting it. she's also brought her dog, which calls back to earlier in the movie in which she said she wanted to get one and have a normal life. she stands there crying, which is when val shows up. out of nowhere, offering her a job. clearly from the dialogue, we can tell that the pair of work together. as elena says, val shouldn't be bothering her on her holiday time. when we last saw the character, she was recruiting john walker, aka u.s agent, at the end of falcon in the winter soldier. now, they did switch the release dates up for this, and that was meant to follow after black widow, but i actually feel that the scene works a lot better now that we know who she is. knowing the comics, val was even a love interest of nick fury, so it makes sense that she's sort of taken on his phase one role in forming the villains. dc, clearly rushed justice league in order to catch up with marvel, and i always hoped that they would have taken their time with forming the suicide squad. i really wanted to see the villains in that pop-up in other movies before they made it to the team. and it looks like marvel are once again following their formula and taking their time. i can see val popping up in a lot of films and properties in order to pull the villains together to either form the dark avengers, or maybe the thunderbolts. bal in the comics ended up becoming madame hydra. and it seems like she's up to no good. as she says to elena, she knows who killed her sister, and presents her with an image of hawkeye. now we know that there is currently a disney plus show in the works featuring the character and his protege, kate bishop. this will be starring haley steinfeld in the role, and it's due to release later this year, according to the wiki. florence p will also be popping up. and obviously, this post-credits scene is setting up their showdown. after the events of end game, clint is probably still viewed in many circles as a vigilante. as we know he operated as the ronin during the five years between the snap in the blip. there are several agencies that likely won his head. and think, with elena being the top assassin in the red room program, that she will have been selected first for the job. obviously, we know that he didn't kill natasha, but this has clearly been twisted so that elena will hunt him down. however, i think that it will be very much the undoing of val's plan. and elena is obviously aware that her sister hit out with clint during the budapest mission. therefore, i think hawkeye will convince her he didn't murder her sister, and she will then join the avengers, taking up the mantle of black widow, much like how she did in the comics. val will then have to get together other members in order to form her team. and potentially, the avengers may track down the group and go head to head with them. now, before we get into our review, if you've enjoyed the video, then please smash the thumbs up button, and don't forget to subscribe, as we're going to be dropping a big video going through all the easter eggs on the movie very soon. now, as for my thoughts on the film, i have to say i was a bit disappointed. i really wanted this to be a movie that encapsulated natasha's home and how she inspired those around her. but instead, i think it felt a bit hollow. i would have loved to have seen the budapest mission in full 2 another movie touches upon these aspects, it does seem a bit shallow in terms of the character depth that we get the piece very much feels like it's a yelena bulova origin story rather than a goodbye to black widow. and i have no idea why it exists, because there's nothing here beyond her introduction that i feel was all that substantial taskmaster and drakov were a big disappointment for me too. and considering these characters have so much hype behind them, i was expecting a lot more. now, the movie does excel in its action pieces, and these are by far some of the best in the mcu. the corecast do a great job, with florence purely shining, and i feel that scholar johansson gives her best mc performance thus far. it's just a shame that the stakes are really low and that the movie feels meaningless because we know what comes before and after for the character. this kinda removes the stakes a bit. and though it's nice finding out what made nat the way she is, i think they just released this because fans demanded we finally get a film for her, rather than the creators actually having a story to tell. for me, it's one of the more forgettable films in the mcu. and i've watched it three times now, and still can't really tell you what happened in it overall, though i am excited to see what happens next. but unfortunately, for me, this movie gets a 6.5 out of 10. now obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the film, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of july, in which we randomly pick three comments to win an mcu box set of your choice. all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. say that to you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of loki, episode 5, which will be linked on screen right now. it's absolutely packed with easter eggs. so definitely go check it out. and i'll see you over there. without the way, thank you for clicking this. i mean, ball take care yourself. peace you 