with bird box now on wide release, many things about the film are finally coming to light through the numerous press to us that the cast are doing. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie's original ending and what is revealed. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the movies final ending, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, and definition, and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. in bird boxes final cut, we see Sandra Bullock make it up River and arrive at Janet's school for the blind with their two children. she finally names them and seems happy after forming a meaningful attachment with them, which she'd been unable to do previously. however, the film originally had a much darker finale. when Malory arrived at the sanctuary, she discovers that the residents there had actually forcefully blinded themselves. this completely removed any chance of them ever witnessing the monsters, all being forced to look upon them by any of the people that were deemed crazy. it's a lot less hopeful than the final ending. and boy and girl probably would have had to blind themselves to which is pretty twisted. anyway, in this alternative ending, we also finally got a glimpse at the monsters. and whilst there are no images of them currently, star Sandra Bullock revealed what they look like in an interview with Bloody Disgusting. she stated that the monsters were green men with a horrific baby face. they were snake-like. and I was like, I don't want to see it when it first happens. just bring it into the room. we'll shoot the scene a turn. and he's like, this it's making me laugh. it was just a long, fat baby. obviously, you can see why the creative team decided to remove any glimpse of the monster, especially if it was just a long, fat baby. and personally, I kind of think the film works better without showing them. of course, I'd love to hear your thoughts on which ending you prefer, and if you still would have liked to have seen the monsters, even if they did look like awful the doc. so make sure you leave them in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown. and inau of the film's final ending, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 