hi. so for those of you who are high on the me2 movement being about mutilating men who have hurt you and getting them back, this is your movie. I just liked it because it had some of the sickest sound design of the year. they brought out the big 64 Peck Crayola box to show off these colors and make him pop. and I would give it a jr. price just for how crazy the movie gets. let me explain. so the girl from ranks finally gets a better role. and even though it's about her being the side chick for a rich dude, but it's a lot better than what she had in that movie. to me, she's kind of like the new Jessica Alba. and she's got all the guys acting extra thirsty since they're vacating in the desert. everything seems to be fun and games, until creeper, mud creeper pans the sites to channel his inner Weinstein scumbag. let this be a reminder for some of you out there who don't realize that not all females are slim Jimmy's. they actually do have a type, and chances are it ain't you. crazy thing is that when the husband comes back and has to deal with the scenario, right? the boyfriend who's on the side, he practically tells her to forgive and forget, as if this dude accidentally slipped and landed inside of her. she brings up his wife, and he plays the card, hey, don't you dare disrespect my wife, whom I'm already disrespecting by cheating on her. he then decides that the best way to fix this problem, because his buddy decided a rapist, I check, is by move fasting her off a cliff and leaving her to die. what these hunters least expect, though, is that, be it the ants, be it the Apple she bit earlier, or whatever mystic powers the me to boom in itself can give you. this girl comes back to life. Walter White's herself off this tree and starts hunting these dudes down for revenge. first when she takes out is the fat one who looks like a Remy's friend from ratatouille. he tries waterboarding her, but then she jacks his knife and first Bloods him. this chick is so walking around with the tree, it's got a little baby group coming out of her bellybutton. so there's this trippy scene where she decides to take a psychedelic literally, starts hearing the score of the movie and straight-up carves out this massive splinter. and she uses a beer can to solder eyes it. why the lettering is reversed, I don't know. is the movie where she already defied death. she then goes after French Harvey and American snipers his shoulder. he then Barry peppers off her ear. and then in the most disgusting scene of the year, and I've seen that stormy Daniels tape, we get this dude stepping on some glass after he took off his sock to use it as a sling. and you know the pain of stepping on a lego. then this scene would be your biggest fear, as this man plays operation with his foot man. even Tarantino would quiver at that. she ends up giving him the head that he wanted, except it's with a bullet, and sets off to kill the main dude with the final boss battle. now, in case you have a problem with her fighting like Laura Croft in a bikini, know that at least the dude at the end lets his nuts hang like Takashi so, I know it's kind of, it's kind of even they start pulling a scooby-doo around this house, since they're chasing each other in circles. and like I said, the sound design is so good that there's a certain point when they're on opposite ends, but they can't tell whether one is coming from the right or the left because of the way the hallways are laid out. it's a pretty dope scene where I was only questioning at one point, at a certain point where the guy is just waiting around the corner for her, and she notices the blood puddle, and for whatever reason, she didn't do the ducking nut like just pull the capper to take a knee and boom, right into the testes for the W she knows eventually get him when they're battling out in the back, because women. and she gets to live another day, proving once and for all that the only way to bring peace to this world is to kill all men. wait. thank you guys for checking out this video. like I said, I definitely recommend this movie. I thought, you know, logically, it's not like there's crazy stuff happening. she already defied death, you know? she freaking jeonse noted, so there are points where it's like you don't really feel like steaks for her. but nonetheless, I still thought it was a very well-done movie. with the colors, with the sound design, I definitely think it's worth watching. so yeah, let me know your thoughts on it down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a coupon to shop club USA. 