welcome to the men of recaps. this is Arrested Development, season 4. Michael Bluth had finally decided to bail on his dysfunctional family when the feds came for his mother, who hijacked the Queen Mary to escape. but it didn't go so well. hilariously, this makes her case fall under maritime law, which is a throwback joke to seasons one through three. but Michael is all the way done. he sells his shares of the Bluth company to Lucille 2 and finally finishes development on sudden Valley with his own company. but as we'll see, it doesn't go so well. Buster is missing his mother, and things start to get weird. luckily, she's allowed out under house arrest until her trial, so they fall back into their old routine. George Bluth meets with longtime rival Stan Sitwell and to some corporate espionage, to find out that they've been contracted to build a wall between the United States and Mexico. the Bluths want that business for themselves. conveniently, George's twin brother, Oscar, owns a bunch of land on the us-mexico border where he and his hippie friends like to eat the maca root. so George buys the land from his brother, and while they're still waiting on the wall project, he starts father B's sweat and squeeze. it's a fake leadership seminar where he gets rich businessmen into the sweat lodge and then sells them exorbitant ly overpriced lemonade. of course, father B's fine because it's his twin brother, Oscar, who's doing the sweating. now, George Michael punched his uncle job because job stole George Michael's girlfriend. and her he accidentally proposes to her. so at the wedding, he's going to do a grand magic trick illusion, but it's also a real escape because he's trying to bail on the wedding. unfortunately, he can't get his handcuffs off, and finds himself trapped in the rock and disappears for real. eventually, though, he is found. Lindsay Bluth found out she is adopted, and also her husband, Tobias, is very gay. so disillusioned with her life, she travels to India for some spiritual awakening. mostly though, just does some shopping. and Tobias is also ready for a new start to which he spells like this. and unbeknownst to each other, they both go on the same India trip. when they get back, to fix their marriage, they decide to buy a gigantic house they can't afford, which works out really well, until the housing market crash, which is also bad news for Michael Bluth. with sudden Mally a complete failure, Michael moves into his son, George Michael's college dorm room. but it's a little crowded in there, so Michael devises an elaborate scheme to vote out George. Michaels other roommate, P ound. his only miscalculation was that his son doesn't want him there, so he's the one voted out. now it's Lucille's trial, and per usual, none of the family shows up, so she sent to a resort Prison, where she quickly becomes the queen bee. without his mother around, Buster rejoins the army. they make him a drone operator, which he's very good at, until in a horrible crash, he loses his hand again, and they give him a giant robot hand. still wanting to be an actor, tobias goes to the method one acting clinic, which, of course, is a methadone clinic. he meets former drug addicts debris Bardo, which he recognizes as an actress from the NACA, Fantastic Four and also the porn series straight bait. her boyfriend is Marky bark, an environmental activist that is just Lindsay's theoretical type. the couples go on a double date, where Lindsay falls for Marky, but he lives on an ostrich farm with his mom, which is unacceptable. so Lindsay takes him in the ostrich to her mom's penthouse. Tobias falls for debris and tries to reignite her acting career. unfortunately, they're continually fined because they don't have the rights to Fantastic Four. Tobias goes back to the model home, which is now being used as a to catch a predator house. and because he says things like this, daddy needs to get his rocks off, he is arrested as a sexual predator. Jo makes friends with young superstar singer Marc Cherry and joins his entourage. it's a wild blur of partying, which comes with a lot of shame. so job starts taking his famous forget-me-now x' with charge just roofies, but forgetting he already took one the day before. he ends up in a vicious roofie cycle. they call Jobe get away because he's basically their limo driver. and when Mark cherry gets sick of him, he tries to kick him out with the song, get away, get away. but Jobe doesn't get it. George Michael also getting into music. you may remember he is an incredible woodblock player. and he creates a woodblock app called fakeblock. his cousin, maybe you remember, she conned her way into being a Hollywood producer, but she's fired when they realized she never graduated high school. and turns out she's not very good at high school. so she gets George Michael to tutor her. seeing her again reignites his cousin crush. and when she mistakenly thinks that fakeblock is a very impressive Internet privacy software, he decides to just go with it. down near Mexico, George senior finally tries some maca root and has a spirit vision where a shaman puts a curse on him. of course, it was actually just Marky bark. but one year later, the curse has come true. George finds his testosterone is gone, and his twin brother, Oscar, is now more virile than ever. he starts sleeping with Lucille again and Lucille 2. Lucille 2 is running for Congress against Herbert love, played by Terry Crews. George needs to convince Herbert love to support the border wall. turns out Lindsay's there too, because Marky Mark is going to glitter bomb Herbert love and protest. she got a $50,000 check to maybe from gangie for facelift, which she thinks is her mother paying for her daughter's plastic surgery, but is really her movie royalties. George takes the check and pays off Herbert love to support the wall, only later to realize the land he bought from Oscar was on the wrong side of the border. it's in Mexico. Jobe is there to to sabotage longtime rival, Tony wonder, who has now rebranded himself as the gay magician. he thinks it was Tony who sabotage his last trick, so when he sees a podium full of glitter, he wedges that shut. but boom, that was actually Marky Mark's podium. so he blew himself, and luckily he's face blind. so Lindsey is able to ditch him. she flirts with Herbert love, and they start dating. she wants to get him against the wall, though, and she kind of succeeds. his campaign manager thinks that she's a prostitute, though, and that maybe is her pimp. so free money, she decides to go with it. the cousins were there, because maybe he's getting a movie award. but to impress people, she talks up the fact that she's working with fakeblock, the hot new Internet company. this impresses actress rebel allene. so George Michael keeps going with it and gives her the fake name George Maharis. maybe starts promoting fakeblock a little too well, and pretty soon the fake company has very real investors. Michael finally made good on his threat to start a new life in Phoenix, only to realize it is ungodly hot there, and no one should live in the desert. so Michael comes back home. he gets a job with Google, driving one of their mapping cars. but soon he gets a call from Kitty, his dad's old secretary, who is now Ron Howard's secretary. he's the narrator, by the way. he wants to do a movie about the Bluth family and needs Michael to get all the release form signed. outside, he runs into actress rebel alley, and claims to be a big-shot producer. so they start dating. due to a misunderstanding, he thinks she's Ron Howard's mistress, but later, awkwardly finds out it's Ron Howard's daughter. but rebels also interested in internet billionaire George Maharis, so they start dating too. when Michael finds out there's another guy, he does some snooping and realizes he's dating the same girl as his own son. Tobias is now a registered sex offender, but he's led out of prison to be the therapist at Lucille 2's rehab clinic, where he reconnects with his lost love, debris, and decides that the best way to rehab is to put on a fantastic for musical. but they need money to buy the rights, so Lucille 2 calls in the 700,000 dollar debt that Michael owes her. so Michael gets job to help him sell these houses. but that's very difficult because the neighborhoods, so far from any schools, are playgrounds, which is perfect for a certain demographic. and sudden, valley becomes a haven for sex offenders. speaking of sex offenders, joke pretends to be gay so he can get revenge on Tony wonder. his plan is to make Tony fall in love with him, then break his heart. but turns out these two guys have a lot in common. saying one thing they have in common is that neither is actually gay, but they agree to have a gay sex date on the Cinco de cuatro. now, as a disabled vet, buster was adopted by Herbert love to compete with his opponent, Lucille 2. but when his wife finds out her husband's been seeing a prostitute, she has revenge sex with buster. but Herbert love calls it off with Lindsay, and his wife dumps Buster. so Buster uses his monster hands to knock him out of the race. they need someone to run in his place, so Lindsay gets up there and accidentally runs for Congress. her ex-boyfriend, Marky bark was gonna glitter bomb Herbert love again, but due to a mix-up, he and Tobias and going to the Fantastic Four Flo and they messed that up. anyway. Michael Bluth is there to try to pay off his debt to Lucille 2 with sexual favors, but she rejects him because he's not worth $700,000. but later that night, Lucille 2 is found murdered, or maybe just missing. and for funny, inter-connected reasons, every single member of the Bluth family had some motive to kill her. but Buster's the one who's caught on the security tape. he visits his nephew to use his privacy software to erase the footage. of course, all it does is just play some sick woodblock beats. Joe runs into his almost wife, Ann, who has a young child now. but it's not his. it's actually from a one-night stand with Tony wonder joke. devises an elaborate scheme where they have sex to get revenge on Tony. but Ann convinces Tony to have sex with her to get revenge on Joe. but then Ann bails, and the two guys end up having sex with each other, which was what they wanted in the first place. and Michael is there the next morning to see who job is with. so Joe beads him or forget-me-now. and Michael wakes up with no memory of the day before. he decides he wants to get more serious with rebel, but George Michaels already there. and father and son bump into each other on the way out and realized they've been dating the same girl. it's a funny, awkward situation, until he realizes his dad knew that he was dating rebel. so he punches his dad in the face. and that's how season 4 comes to an end. [Music], 