[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna continue catching up on recent releases with the 2019 superhero horror film, bright burn. let's get to it. we find ourselves at the Brier residence, where love is in the air. the shelves are littered with evidence of their unfulfilled desire to conceive, which is further exemplified by them going off business and sexting with their shirts on. this is interrupted by a distant rumbling, which is typically a good sign that manifests in the procurement of a baby, which usually takes a little bit longer. we discovered this through home video, which then flashes us forward to Brandon in his preteen years while getting ready in the morning. we establish his come of age in a loving family with reasonable rules and expectations, and that most of this is counteracted in school, where he's ridiculed by his peers for having the audacity to know things. I mean, all the cool kids are ignorant, after all. that night at his servants from the barn calls out to him, and Tory wanders out to find Brandon trying to get into the storm cellar. he's awakened from his waking nightmare, confused and babbling about voices, Tory gets him calmed and back in bed. the next day, Brandon reacts reasonably to the idea of doing yard work, and he's actually surprised, this being both the first conscious manifestation of his powers and indication for him that he may be something different. since we haven't established his limits, his follow-up experiment is fairly risky, but he manages to walk away phalanges intact. it doesn't take long for his newfound confidence to manifest and sassy behavior, as he's gifted a hunting rifle at his family only 12th birthday and resents his dad for deeming it to mature gift. Kyle and Tory write this off as typical boundary testing as they reminisce about what they used to get into at 12. and they end the evening with a game of ballerina versus grizzly bear. next day, before heading out on a camping trip, they stumble upon some under mattress materials, puberty's tools of the trade, which in this case include photos of the insides of things. huh? so papa waits till they're out in the woods, covered an L piss before broaching the topic of your penis, confirming that it's okay to give in to urges sometimes. no, wait, what do you think you're talking about? that night, he uses his super speed to creep out his classmate, Kaitlyn, before nonchalantly returning the campsite. then, during the standard PE trust exercises, Kaitlyn is to sqeezed out about what happened. to do her part. in response, he obliterates her hand. tori and kyle have a conversation about his previous saamne bolused so sure, she reveals for the first time that he had visited it in the barn. and they converse about whether he saw its, how he knows it was there, etc. that evening, it summons him back to the barn. this time he removes the chain like a rubber band, and Tory comes out to find him recording a tick-tock or whatever the kids are up to, before he falls and his birth pot delivers the first tangible injury he suffered his entire life. this leads him to ask some awkward questions, receiving only vague answers in return. since this is obviously their faults, he throws a fit and goes out for an emo walk. recognizing that the foreign voices he's been hearing have been telling him to take the world, he agrees to do so, and starts by letting Kate know she used to be his dark queen, but they obviously can't wed until her meddling mother is out of the way. so he goes and terrorizes her at her place of work, in a scene that includes I stuff, so that's cool, and ends after a display of his various powers. the next morning, his family is relieved to discover he no longer endeavors to behave like a turd. while at the diner, the sheriff is puzzling over a violent scene with a missing person, nobody and only limited evidence. he has a counseling session later with his aunt, and we find he's on some master-race nonsense. while she's required to report on their progress to the sheriff and principal, and her thirst for remorse puts him in a negative headspace. he pays her a visit that night to warn her from making a bad report, instead of just pretending to care. but she's all about professional integrity, regarding the report, of course, ignoring the clear conflict of interest here. so he makes a choice, and is only diverted by the arrival of cool uncle Noah, who bought him a gun one time. however, after being startled by his unexpected appearance in his closet, Noah drags him outside and pops the squat on their relationship. the threat of tattling is all Brandon needs to enact a slow and horrifying death for him. and then, having learned so much from the success of the Wet Bandits, he leaves his mark. the briars get the call that Noah was in a car accident and rush off to the hospital, merely mentions off-hand as she was visited by Brandon earlier on that evening. so they hit him with some facts and find him unperturbed, both by the news and by their knowledge of his alleged activity. kyle immediately turns on him, getting a brief taste of his power, and then brandon walks off while they ponder where they went wrong and fight about the correct way to handle the situation. meanwhile, at the station, sheriff Devers notices a strange marking present at both scenes. the briars reconcile and Kyle suggests a guys-only hunting trip to reconnect with their wayward teen. while they're away, Devers shows up to ask about the mark at the briars residence. like her BB, not really. Vittorio's shook, so he knows he's on to something. she wrestled to find Brandon's notebook full of pictures of the symbol and Patrick Bateman style ramblings in the woods. Kyle prepares to and then makes a stupid decision. yeah, you're know, Papa can't. then he's like, back off me, Bibi. but the brain is like, you didn't see herself, Kyle. Tori tries to warn him, but Brandon confirms he's already gone. God, we're out of existence. then he starts shaking up the joint like an ant farm, while Tory calls the authorities. Devers arrives shortly and approaches with caution. and you know what, he actually felt like some of the strange occurrences recently may have been the work of some sort of super Pepsi. never mind. Tori shows off her own super powers and somehow makes it back to the barn, where she discovers Brandon's turned to crawl space and do his new man cave. she fashions the ship from the hole of the pod. then she works to convince it as she totes, still loves him, but makes too much of a show of it, resulting in him taking her on a trip to the upper atmosphere. but don't worry, he lets her go. and that was bright burn. a movie maybe about decisions and consequences, but, oh so maybe about doing bad things while under the influence of alien technology. if you enjoy the video, I'd love for you to become a part of this channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 