hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a science fiction film, cold skin. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in the year 1914, after a long journey at sea, friend arrives at his destination, a remote island in the south atlantic. he's sent to work as a meteorologist there, replacing the previous one. he checks the cabin, but sees nobody there, only to find a total mess, hoping to find somebody nearby. he later comes with a captain to the lighthouse, which, to his confusion, is stuck full of arrows on its sidewall. the only man living on this island is named grooner, who claims to be the caretaker of lighthouse. he tells friend that the previous meteorologist can't return with a ship as he has died from typhus, possibly in the sea, before leaving with his men. the captain is suspicious of the situation and want to give friend a pistol to protect himself. but friend refuses to take it, considering it unnecessary in this unpopulated island. at night, in the cabin, friend checks the diary of the previous meteorologist, where he finds a torn marriage photo of a woman presumably his wife. much to his confusion, the diary also shows portraits of some unknown creatures with strange looks. soon after reading that, he's terrified by a creature with its webbed fingers trying to reach through under the door. he trembles on it before hiding himself up in the cellar, and then jabs injured one of those creatures, causing them to flee away. the next day, morning, fran calls gruner to let him into the lighthouse, but to no avail. without better choice, friend has to reinforce the cabin door and windows, determined to make a stand with a rifle discovered later among the baggage. that night, the monsters come to attack again, and he shoots at them, as there are too many to take on with only one rifle. friend then resorts to starting a big fire around the cabin, causing them to flee eventually, but ruins the cabin. covered up with a bed sheet, friend rushes out through the fire and spends a tough night by the rocks. the next day, morning, trying to confront bruner for the truth. friend takes the rifle and follows him down to the rocks, attempting to ambush him there. friend, however, is then lunged by a blue sea creature. he manages to free himself in a panic, and points his gun at him, but he's right then stopped by the coming gruner, who shows that it's female and as tame as a dog that would never betray her master. in exchange, bruner promises to shelter him in the lighthouse. they later pack up the leftovers in the cabin and carry them all to the lighthouse before the sunset. friend wakes up from his all-day-long tiredness, finding the creature is licking his wounded hand. and unbelievably, it heals quickly. friend later learns from bruner that such sea monsters, in fear of lights and fires, however, would only make their attack on humans after sunset. quite different from bruner, who's seemingly satisfied to stay at this goddamn place. friend just want to leave as soon as possible, but gruner tells him that there's only one time in a year for ships to deliver supplies to this island. that night, the sea monsters launched their attacks again. bruner fights them back violently, but friend faints during the bloody battle. only wakes up in the morning when gerner is angry about his useless and sends him out to fetch the fresh water. while on his return, however, friends sees gruner is right then releasing his devil hormone on the female creature. at night, as a punishment to him, gruner locks friend outside the balcony to face the coming sea monsters alone. after a whole night battle, however, friend is found covered in creature blood, but alive. the next day, the two men settle into a routine. they reinforce the lighthouse during daytime and fend for themselves against the alien creatures at night. as time goes by, friend gets attracted by the female creature, born with cold, loose skin. he then names her anaris. with no attacks in the following days, they relax their vigilance against the creatures, who, however, launch a sudden attack of the night when the tower light is totally off. the two men fend for themselves in a hurry and turns on the light immediately, but it's too late. swarms of creatures have climbed up the lighthouse. they soon run out of the bullets. runner is injured, before they hide into the attic protected with lights. henris helps ho bruner's injury. the next day, while friend tries to signal to a passing ship for rescue, he stopped by bruner immediately, who, under his insanity, seems unwilling to allow anybody to disturb his peace on the island. while he's pressing friend down on the ground, anarus, however, shows her aggressive mr gruner, who's irritated and turns to abuse her physically and sexually, trying to give her some comfort. friend later shows her a little boat carved with whale bones. upon seeing that, anirus leads friend to an abandoned boat on the beach. he then tells bruner about it, but gruner doesn't feel surprised at all. he knew it was there. it's used to escape a shipwreck by an armed dealer, who's later killed by the creatures. knowing that the sunken ship's cargo contains dynamite, friend proposes to explore the shipwreck, but gruner disagrees. after seeing friend swimming in a pool with anaris, he changes his mind due to the jealousy, hoping that friend might die in that attempt. everything goes well at the beginning, while boxes of dynamite are recovered from the bottom. friend later, however, is frightened to encounter a sea monster. he then signals to gruner to take him out of water, while runner doesn't take any action on purpose. fortunately, with a heavy dive suit taken off, friend survives the drowning, with the dynamite dry enough to use. they soon set up a trap around the lighthouse, hoping to blow them up once for all. however, they wait for days in the winter snow, but see not creatures showing up. bruner blames anaris for that, and turns to torture her, physically and sexually. that night, eners is forced onto the balcony and made to sing to attract the sea monsters of her kind. as the monsters swarm near, gruner fails to set off the first explosives. he has to provide the gunfire cover for friend, before friend reconnects the detonator successfully on top of a lighthouse. the resulting blast kills a multitude of creatures. bruno then sets off the second explosives, which, however, are much closer to the lighthouse, knocking both of them unconscious. the following day, they recovered a consciousness, but anirus is found missing. gruner finishes off the wounded and dying creatures that are lying on the beach. while friend believes that the creatures seem to be more civilized than that's been told by gruner. bruner explains that interest was actually rescued by him years ago as a baby trapped in a net, and kept us his companion for these years. when gruner is still asleep, friend searches his belongings and finds a marriage photo of bruner with his wife, who's exactly the same woman found in the meteorologist diary. friend realizes suddenly that rooner is actually the previous meteorologist. in the evening, friend discovers a baby creature who shows curiosity to him. an anirus later arrives with creatures of her kind, appearing confident and bold. they seem to just want a truce with humans instead of any killing. though bruner appears then and shows his gun, commanding anaris to return to him. henris, however, already knows how to refuse her master for the first time. while bruner becomes hysterical and runs back to the lighthouse. he then shoots a flare at the baby creature, striking him in the chest and killing him. as the rest creatures flee scattered, friend runs back in anger and fights the bloody killer gruner, who, however, gains the upper hand and want to kill friend with an axe. but fran calls out his real name, that of the previous meteorologist. gruner stops his insanity, drops the axe and staggers outside to be killed by the swarming sea creatures. some time later, the next ship arrives to replace friend, whoever, denies his real identity, but instead tells that friend has already died from disease. determined to stay on this isolated island forever, he just sees off the supply ships, seemingly having sought his peace and found his role in protecting the creatures there, compared to that his previous meteorologist, however, while fighting the alien sea monsters and seeking his satisfaction from the sexual abuse on the female creature, turns to lose his humanity slowly, and eventually becomes the monster gruner himself. he who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster. when you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 