[Music], hey, what's up guys. explanation pro is here. today i'll show you a war action film, saving private ryan. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in the beginning of the movie, we see an old man who is crying in front of a grey his eyes are filled with tears of happiness and sadness. he is in an emotional state. in the next scene, we see flashbacks of the 6th of june 1944. it is the time of world war ii. and the places doc green sector, omaha beach, france. the u.s army reached the location and are about to attack the germans, but the germans have attacked them first. the u.s soldiers are dying, and they are not able to do anything. the germans have a strong position. but the u.s soldiers don't lose hope and finally reach the shore. but in the process, many soldiers lost their lives. but at last, after many sacrifices and overcoming many hurdles, the us. army finally win the victory because of their bravery. but many soldiers have sacrificed their lives. their bodies are lying on the shore. and among all these dead soldiers there is a dead body of a man named private ryan. after this in usa, some officers come to talk to the army head. they inform him about the ryan brothers, who are four brothers in all total. and they were sent to the war, but three of them died, and one of them is still alive, whose name is james ryan. then army officers go to his mother and give her the sad news, listening as their mother becomes disheartened, as she has lost all her sons. then three army men come to the chief george marshall. they all have gathered to discuss about the ryan brothers, and they come to a decision that they will send one team to find james ryan, so that he can come back to his mother to look after her. the other army heads disagree to this, so to convince them, chief george marshall brings out a letter of abraham lincoln. in the letter, there is a speech which has been dedicated to the mother of the martyr soldiers. it says that he is sorry that he couldn't take care of her sons and asks for forgiveness. the chief have read the letter just to prove that not only a soldier sacrifices in his life for the nation. but also his family sacrificed their son for the nation. the decision is then approved, and they take a decision that captain miller, along with some great soldiers, will go to find james ryan, who is stuck in a town of newville, near the camp of german army. captain miller, along with other soldiers, departs in search of him. in the team there is a shooter, a map reader, a translator and many more. they are crossing many valleys. one of them then says that to save one soldier, eight soldiers are assigned, and this is not fair. he again says that if he has one bullet with himself, and if he stands in front of adolf hitler with a distance of one mile, then also he will win the war. actually, at that time, germans have already declared world war ii with italy. and germans are fighting for the nazis, whose leader is adolf hitler. listening this, captain miller says that if he was a ranger like him, then he would think this in a positive way. then he tells him to think about james's mother, who has lost all her sons at once, and he is the only hope she has. then the team move forward. suddenly, they have been attacked by the germans. as they have entered their area. a german soldier shoots one of the u.s soldier from the roof of a building, and he dies. the shooter of the us. team shoots him in his eyes, and he kills him. after this, they again start fighting, and the u.s team have successfully killed all the germans over there. the team moved forward after losing one teammate. then at a battalion they found james ryan. captain miller informs him that his brothers are dead. james bursts into tears and says that his brothers were in school. how could they die and who would kill them? hearing this, captain miller asks him his full name, and he replies that he is james frederick ryan. miller then tells him that they are searching for james francis. ryan, listening this, ryan becomes happy because this means his brothers are safe. but the u.s team become upset, as this is not the ryan whom they're searching for. at night, the team takes shelter at an old building that they start telling their stories, like how happy they were with their families, where they were born and so on. at dawn, they start their journey again. they reach newville, where ryan's plane, along with other soldiers, was landed. but they don't get much information from there. they found a ranger who says that he has worked with ryan, and his plane was landed here and he stayed here. he advises the team to go towards the bridge. he also says that ryan is there trying to save the bridge along with other soldiers. captain miller, along with his team, goes towards the bridge. there they found two dead bodies. they look through their binoculars and see german soldiers are ahead with machine guns and radar. seeing this, the rangers refuse to move forward and say that they don't think it will be a good decision to go ahead. rather, they shall wait for the air force to arrive. miller then says that a soldier's life is never easy. they are born to fight and die for their nation. his words motivates the soldiers, and they all become ready to go ahead. they then use grenades to destroy the machine guns, but in the process, one of them gets injured and dies. now they are six in number, as two of them are already dead. moving forward, they found a german soldier who helps them to dig a grave so that they can give a proper burial to their teammate. captain miller becomes upset while thinking about the martyr soldier and regrets about it. it's time to move forward now. so captain miller then asks everyone what should they do with this german soldier? everybody says that they should kill him. but the map reader says that they should leave him, as he is innocent and killing him won't be fruitful to them. then they tie a black cloth around his eyes to cover them and command him to walk one thousand steps, and then he can open his eyes. seeing this, one of the u.s soldier becomes offended and asks miller that why is he doing this? because of one soldier? they have already lost two soldiers, and now he is letting one german soldier go. he also says that to save one soldier, many soldiers are losing their lives. miller then tells him that it is a soldier's duty to follow the instructions. he also says that after this mission, he wants to go home and meet his wife, whom he haven't met for so long. and he will do anything to meet his wife. and that's why he wants to accomplish this mission. the team gets motivated and decides to go ahead. after some time, they see a tank coming towards them. captain miller orders them to lay low on the ground. then suddenly the tank catches fire due to grenade attack. they don't understand who is attacking him from where. the soldiers come out of the tank, and miller's team starts shooting them and kills them. then they notice another battalion team have been hiding under the grass. and there they found james francis. ryan, seeing him, the entire team become very happy, as they have successfully found him. after so much struggle, they have finally found their target. then the leader of james's battalion takes miller's team to their camp. there, ryan asks miller why he was searching for him. in response, he says that his brothers are dead. ryan again asks him, how many have died? and he replies that all the three of them are dead. hearing this, ryan becomes very upset. and he asks him that is this the only reason why they have come all the way to here, just to inform him. miller sighs and then tells him that ryan has to go with them. the order has been passed that he has to leave his job and look after his mother, who is very depressed. ryan thinks for a while and says that he can't go with them. he also tells him that he has some responsibilities towards his battalion. next day, the germans will attack them, and they already have very less soldiers with them. and if he leaves from here in this situation, then his battalion will lose another soldier. he further says that his battalion will lose the war, and that means the germans will take over the bridge. and if germans take over the bridge, then they will capture the entire newville. and he can't let that happen. hearing this, captain miller becomes very impressed and thinks of a way. he then decides that his team will also help james's battalion to fight the germans, and then they will take him with them. then captain miller takes the lead and tells everyone what they have to do. he comes to know that next day, 3 tanks and 50 german soldiers will come to attack them. he teaches them to make some specific type of bombs that soldiers use in difficult times. they all successfully make the bombs. the head of the battalion informs miller that there is a shortage of guns. miller makes a plan that they will bring the germans at one point, and then they will attack them from three sides and kill them. he will be in front with his team. and the battalion will be divided in two halves, one in each building at each side. and that's how they will attack. it is evening now, and ryan and captain miller are talking with each other. ryan says that he can't even remember the face of his mother or his brothers properly, as he has not seen them for years. miller tells him to think about the beautiful memories he has spent with her, and not her face. ryan recollects his memories and says that he used to play with his brothers a lot. they all used to have so much fun. he is the youngest, but they all shared a very strong bond. then he asks captain about his family. and in reply, he doesn't say much. he only says that after this mission, when he will go back to his home, then he will introduce him to his family. next day, they all are prepared for the war. the germans arrive there, but they don't fall for the trap. they enter from a different way. captain and his team successfully blast the first tank of the germans. eventually, the war begins and many soldiers are dying. the shooter of captain's team is at an old building, and he is killing many germans from there. but the germans somehow get to know about this and blast the entire building. and the soldier dies there. captain stays with ryan, as his mission is to take ryan back with him safely. on the other hand, the germans enter the building from where the battalion is attacking, and they kill many u.s soldiers. many germans also die in the process. in between all this, one german and one u.s soldier starts fighting, and the u.s soldier dies. map reader has been hiding there for a long time as he has no experience in fighting. he can only reads map, and he is scared of wars. then the germans attack another building and destroys it. captain miller gets injured because of that, and falls on the ground. the map reader, who has been hiding for so long, finally gets the courage and imprisons five germans. among those five men, there is that soldier whom he had let go. he confronts him that he had let him go so that he can live his life. but instead of doing so, he has attacked him again. the german asks for forgiveness, but the map reader shoots him and kills him. he let the other soldiers go. it seems like that the germans will win the war. just then the fighter planes of us arrive and kill all the germans and destroy all the german tanks. finally, they win the war, after all the sacrifices. captain miller tells his last words to ryan. he says that they have finally won, and ryan deserves it. and he dies. captain's team and ryan become very upset because of this. then we see u.s. chief george marshall is giving his speech and dedicates his speech to ryan's mother. he tells her that her son, james ryan, is coming home, and he has courageously fought the war and brought victory to the nation. he also says that he expects that this news will bring her a little happiness, but he also knows that this will not lessen her grief. moreover, he prays that she gets enough courage and strength to bear this. now the scene shifts to the elderly man whom we saw in the beginning of the movie. this old man is james ryan, and he is standing in front of captain miller's grave. he came here with his family, which includes his wife, his children and grandchildren as well. and now we come to know that he was recalling all the memories. at the end, he asks his wife that, was he able to earn the purpose of his life? was he capable to deserve this the sacrifices made by the marchery and captain miller? his wife tells him that he deserves this and he has earned it. then he shows his gratitude towards them and salutes captain miller. and the movie ends here. thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and also subscribe my channel for more videos like this. see you in the next video. 