you'll be spicehead. upon its release, the Dark Knight Returns changed the landscape of comics. it offered a greatly take on the Caped Crusader that was a complete polar opposite to the 1966 show. before this book, Batman was regarded as a con by the public consciousness, a lovable jock that provided comedic relief on a Saturday morning. it was a far cry from the dark look at crime that the character had once been. and the Dark Knight Returns restored the character to the status quo, whilst deconstructing comics in the process. but does it still stand up? it's been 30 years since its release, and whilst it is one of my favorite graphic novels of all time, even I can admit that it's not perfect. tastes change in the scrutiny that we now hold the modern comics may shine this in a poor light. there's also the fact that Frank Miller as when absolutely proper mental. is this book a product of its time, or is it still one of the best ever? that's what I'm here to find out. so without further ado, let's dive into my Dark Knight Returns review. the book opens, I'm Bruce Wayne racing to his death in Gotham's annuals master race. that's not fun for the dog. well, it is a pun for the Dark Knight 3, but it does stop with M shakes. after giving up the mantle of Batman to use adjacent odds death, he feels like a lost man, similar to astronauts who become alcoholics after returning to earth. he's lost the purpose that gave him life. he achieved greatness, but it was a curse. nothing matches up to being the Dark Knight, and now he seeks a glorious death at every opportunity. this was completely groundbreaking for the time. prior to this, we rarely ever saw an old superhero immortalized through the pages of the comics. superheroes were supposed to be young men. what the decade? constantly in the thirties, Batman hadn't aged since the nineteen thirties. this book shook up that notion. the young Batman was no more, and all that was left was a cold, beaten shell of a man. I absolutely love this twist on the character. it's a true deconstruction of the genre that other leaves went on to influence, things like Metal Gear. Solid 4 Rambo Unforgiven, less goes on. it's my preferred version of Batman. it's easy to see why teensy have used this as a springboard for the new movie universe. Batman's gritty, grumpier, is like Gran Torino times 400. I think this is one of the main selling points of the character in this boot. what's fascinating about this opening race is how well it works, metaphorically in telling the tale of Bruce's journey through the booth. I never really noticed it till now, but it really works. the card is what it's not supposed to. it has a mind of its own. it's almost forced to be put down, quit the race, but that engine argues back. Bruce says it would be a good death, but not good enough. as he crosses the finish line, the news reports that it's a flaming coffin for Bruce Wayne, or so everyone thought. this is an outstanding portrayal of Bruce's journey throughout the booth. like the car going out in a blaze of glory against all those trying to control it, Bruce Wayne sort of packed the destruction that he barely makes it through. crime is rampant through Gotham. and Bruce cannot take it anymore. there's a calling within him. and the return to the cowl is still as traumatic today as it was in 1986. to me, this has always been a book about falling off the Hall getting back on it. how many times have you personally been great at something and then you've been forced to quit? that feeling of loss that you have towards being great again never really goes away. it's very deep inside. and it's a perfect summation of Bruce's need to become Batman once more. it's one of the aspects that makes the character so relatable in this incarnation. and to see him return - it's a really triumphant moment. he dives into the night, Thunder on his back, and it's a really reaffirmed moment that we all have the ability, deep down, to be the person that we once were and wanted to be. his first night back in the role is highly inspirational. and I can't commend Miller highly enough for how breathtaking this moment is. Harvey Dent's been cured. plastic surgeries restored his face to what it once was. and this should have restored him psychologically, but is still a bad guy that everyone loves - hey. it's a great ambiguity in mystery around Harvey's true intentions throughout this book, and it will definitely be enough to keep the first-time readers grips. asking as a black mirror, I absolutely loved the way that Miller uses two-face to reflect how Bruce's it's a real struggle eyes unable to defeat, you can't battle is inner demons. and eventually, the Beast Within is gonna take him down. similar to this, the Joker, who has been budgeted since Batman's retirement, begins to awaken all of the Giants have Gotham have. they're calling their purpose, that without they cease to exist. and this is what the food, especially food one, is about. one of the biggest takes that I've seen sent around this book is that the Joker is gay. whilst he uses words like darling, he fights Batman in the tunnel of love, there's several innuendos like not falling asleep on me on you, and Batman can't perform. I never really took it to be intentionally homosexual. to me, the joke is actually asexual. well, swing pounder Bruno his girlfriend, who's very masculine with them stupid, nasty nipples. we never see the to cohabit in the same space. upon release, the Joker never 6rl, and she doesn't ever mention and I actually strive to spring the Joker from Arkham. this signifies to me that the relationship is completely superficial. the Joker is unable to love another person, in my opinion. instead, he loves an idea is chaos embodied. Batman represents order, together the to create a perfect circle of human States, balancing the other perfectly. Batman completes the Joker. but that doesn't mean that the Joker loves him in a traditional sense, at least. he merely requires him to exist, the same way that humans depend on oxygen, but we don't love oxygen. Joker depends on order. oh, he doesn't love Batman. he's a wicked and twisted being. it feels almost no human emotion. and it seems unconventional for the Joker to experience the love, in my eyes, especially when it's such a positive human emotion. so I simply missed having this emotional attachment. I'm open to the fact that I'm wrong though. or if you think I'm wrong comment below. that's the perfect way to derail my entire argument. book 1 ends on Harvey Dent attempting to ransom Gotham by threatening to blow up the two towers. this might be controversial in today's eyes due to 9/11, it certainly acts as a great end to the first issue. one thing I didn't like about the animated movie was that it implied that Harvey Dent was on a suicide mission, which I really don't take from reading the book. to me, I see it as the Toyman who built the bomb deliberately sabotage them so they couldn't be deactivated. this is implied by his meeting with the Joker, who begins questioning the toyman's use of the bombs. Harvey isn't suicidal to me. in fact, he totally accepts two ears and plays along with it, and really embraces the two-faced persona that we see in this booth, knowing that he's unable to escape his fate, much like Batman. it's a great closer to book 1, and this works perfectly as an opening issue. on book one's own mirror, I want to score a perfect 10 out of 10. the plot and characters are very developed, even by today's standards, and it still feels very ahead of the curve. and its ideas, Miller's are also very good. in this issue, it's definitely some of the best each put on page. so I recommend you pick it up just to read this issue alone. thanks for checking out. my review of the Dark. Knight Returns with one. I'll be back with my follow-up review of the tomb. I'm doing this series as a build-up to review in the dark, my three, the master race. so make sure you subscribe to my channel and keep up to date. I'm also on patreon now, which is linked in the description. I've got my loads of books that I've got a review. anything that you can donate really helps towards purchasing though. so your pledge can make a huge difference. thank you very much. take care. [Music]. 