hi. so a lot of you brought to my attention that I had forgotten to cover a certain bathroom scene from season two. I had made a video. you definitely go check that out that catches you up on all that stuff. but I would be honest, I must have been brooming in the kitchen taking a Dookie myself, because I couldn't remember what you guys were talking about, what what it was that was so bad. so I decided to go back and check it out again. like, it when did these dudes go from freaking CW characters to John wick? I like, oh, yeah, I get you want these guys to be bullies, but like, why are you turning them into ms-13 members? I get you want to make the high school jock seem bad, but a trial literally just ended, so it's like, why would see, you're not writing teenagers, you're writing super villains. then, if giving him a whirly wasn't enough, which, look, no bullet does, is you end up with toilet water on yourself. and it's like a headbutt. these guys, the sight saw Harvey mops, seen the boy and splinter his butthole. like, I get that you guys want to lead him up to shooting the school. but come on, why would a janitor leave his mop around? also, it's no wonder that the boy, that the boy looks like Johnny from Ed Edd n Eddy. he's, he's attached to that plank. but after all the outrage on Twitter and the five middle schoolers who use tumblr, the creator of the show actually came out and tried to fending it by saying, one they researched, and, you know, things like this do happen too. why were people more upset at this and not when Jessica got a boy? did you just not have a Twitter back then? see, I don't like the idea of twisting things to get your ratings up, right? I don't mind something being graphic. you can have like 20 of these mop scenes. I have seen way worse things that are graphic just for attention. but I'm gonna call a warm and friendly Chicago bull. are you trying to say that yours is to bring attention, when really you're just exploiting it to go trending? I get that bad things happen in schools, right? I'm not saying that a situation like Anna, or this mob scene, or, you know, all of the other terrible things that happen in this school that shows you the saint of school. it's a prison. one crazy incident, I get. but y'all telling me that they're serial raping, suicide, reenactments of the raid redemption going on? y'all crazy. I know people are quick to tell me that they know a person who read a review of a book about something that was very similar to us, an area, but a school where all of these things, not one, but all of these things are happening, back-to-back. I'm gonna have to see that research and the links where you've seen all of this happen at once. right now, it just sounds like your God's not dead. if you never saw that that movie, at the end credits pretty much just showed you a bunch of court cases that the movie was based off of. yet none of those court cases have anything to do with the plot of the movie. I'm just saying, if y'all want to go heavy on the dramatization, like you've been doing, then y'all better bring Hanna back from the dead to take these mofos out and get some justice and bring Jeff back to thank you guys for checking out this video. like I said, I had the whole season to one that you can wrap up. go over there. some people thought it was offensive. hey, you know what? Hanna coming back from the dead and a bunch of the other stuff that happened in season two. if that didn't offend you, then, hey, I'm glad that I figured out your trigger warning. let me know your thoughts about this one over here. I listen. I literally missed the scene in the first one. I know people kept talking about it, so, you know, I decided to get as deep as they did with that mob. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a Swiffer WetJet. 