hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we'll be talking about the 2006 film, Mission Impossible 3, the third film in the Mission Impossible series. so let's get started. information about this movie somewhat relies that you've seen the previous films. if you need a quick reminder, watch my spoilers or the other films, by clicking the links here. the film starts at an engagement party for Ethan Hunt, who is now retired and only trains other IMF agents, and his fiancee, Julia, a nurse, who is unaware of Ethan's true job. Ethan receives a phone call and meets with John Musgrave, an IMF agent, who wants Eaton to go back on a mission to rescue one of Ethan's trainees, Lindsey Farris. Ethan's team consists of his old partner, computer expert Luther, Declan Bromley and zenlea. the team rescues Lindsey and recovers two damaged laptops. however, while fleeing it, has discovered that an explosive pellet has been implanted in Lindsey's brain. they attempt to disable it, but it detonates and kills her back in the u.s. Ethan and Musgrave are reprimanded by IMF Director Theodore Brazel. Ethan receives a letter from Lindsey that was sent before she was captured, and it contains a microdot in it, which has a video on it. in the video, she says that the arms dealer, Davian, received a phone call from brazil's office, making it seem as though Brazel is working with the arms dealer Benji Dunn, who is sort of the imf's version of Q from James Bond. recovers data from the damaged laptops saying Davian will be at the Vatican City carrying with him the location of some unknown device known as the rabbit's foot, which he hopes to sell for nearly a billion dollars. Ethan has a quick, impromptu marriage to his fiance, Julia, before leaving. the mission is not approved by IMF, but the team heads the Vatican anyway, breaks in and captures Davian and his package. on the flight back, the tied-up Davian begins to threaten Ethan, and then Ethan threatens him back. after landing while transporting Davian. the team's convoy was attacked, and Davian escapes. Ethan's wife, julia, is kidnapped. and Davian gives Ethan four, eight hours to find the rabbit's foot and exchange it for Julia's life. Ethan is detained by IMF, but Musgrave helps him break out and tells them where the rabbit foot is located in Shanghai. even steals the rabbit's foot, escapes and goes to meet Davian. Davian has Ethan tranquilized, and when he even wakes up, he is tied to a chair and finds that his wife has been tied up in front of him. Ethan has an explosive injected into his head, and then Davian demands to know where the real rabbit's foot is. Ethan is confused, as the last thing he knows about the rabbit's foot is that he had before Davian tranquilized him. Davian says, if Ethan doesn't say where the real rabbit's foot is, he will kill Julia. Ethan is panicking, uncertain what to do, and unable to give Davian any information. Davian kills Julia and leaves the room. Musgrave enters the room, revealing himself as the IMF spy, not Brazel. he explains that it was not Julia that they killed, but one of davian's henchmen that failed him at the Vatican. they used her, though, to know for certain if it was the real rabbit's foot that Ethan had brought them. Ethan finds out that the real Julia is alive and tracks her down. when he reaches her, though, Davian activates the M plan in his head, and in a brief period of time, it will detonate and kill him. Davey and Ethan fight, but eventually Ethan is able to kill Davian. Ethan then has julia shock him, frying the implant, but also stopping his heart. after fighting off some of the remaining henchmen, including killing Musgrave, julia resuscitates Ethan. they then both leave the rabbit's foot in hand, and Ethan explains his true career to her. Brazel congratulate s--. Ethan and lets him know that if Ethan returns back to the field, he'll let Ethan know what the rabbit's foot actually does. and the film ends with Ethan going on his honeymoon with Julia. so that was the spoilers for Mission Impossible 3. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 