welcome back to horror recaps. today i will be showing you a horror slash disaster film from 2019, titled crawl. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. at the university of florida, hayley keller competes in a relay swimming competition. she looks concentrated in the game. she warms herself up, and as soon as her turn comes up, she looks at her opponents on either side and takes a dive. she barely misses the best time and comes second. suddenly, she remembers a competition she had lost when she was a kid. she reminisces of her father encouraging her to keep up her hard work. soon after, she receives a call from her sister beth, who informs her about the imminent category 5 hurricane wendy that is approaching florida. beth asks her if she has heard from their father, dave. she tells haley that the whole south coast has been evacuated, but she suspects that their father might be still there. haley then asks beth about their mother's whereabouts. beth tells her that she is in paris. their parents recently got divorced. hayley then tells beth to contact dave. after a while, haley drives out of the town as per the evacuation notice. she calls dave while driving, but the call is not reachable. on her way out of town, she encounters wayne, beth's ex-boyfriend. wayne is redirecting traffic out of town due to the hurricane's changing course. he shows hayley the direction and tells her to drive safely. but out of concern for her father, haley suddenly turns the car around and drives down a small road to find him. hayley then drives to her dave's apartment. it's all windy and stormy outside. she goes inside the house, calls dave, but no one answers. she soon finds his dog, sugar. she looks at the trophy she won and remembers her childhood for a moment. she then calls beth about him not being in the house. haley then suggests that he might be in their old family house. beth warns her not to go there, but haley takes sugar and drives to the old house. the streets are slowly starting to fill with water as hayley reaches the old family house, she sees dave's truck parked outside. she immediately messages beth about finding his truck. haley gets inside the house and calls for dave. sugar follows her. she looks through the house, but finds no one. she then calls dave's phone and hears a ringtone coming from the kitchen. she finds the phone on the countertop. all of a sudden, a tree branch breaks and shatters the window. sugar starts barking in the basement. haley goes inside the dark basement with a flashlight. she looks around and hears rats squeaking. an awful smell fills the basement. the place is all muddy. she hears a radio playing and heads towards it. haley then sees blood marks on the pipes, and when she looks around, she finds dave unconscious. she tries waking him up and notices a wound on his shoulder that looks like a bite mark. she then drags him through the basement, trying to get him upstairs. sugar starts barking loudly again. when haley reaches the stairs to the basement, suddenly a large alligator jumps towards her. she pulls dave and herself behind the pipes for safety. the alligator tries breaking the pipes, but is unable, so it retreats. soon after, dave regains consciousness. haley squeezes her wet jacket and drops the water into dave's mouth. dave warns her about the huge alligator. he tells her that it must have come through the overflow drainpipe. dave tells her to leave immediately and he doesn't need her help. she refuses to get back without him. he asks her about the storm, and she tells her that it's gotten pretty bad. dave cries in pain, and haley sees that his leg is broken. dave tells her it broke when the alligator dragged him. suddenly, haley's phone starts vibrating at a distance. she tells dave that she needs to retrieve the phone, and she tries to get it without being noticed by the alligator. dave then asks her about her swimming competition. hayley tells him about her loss, but he tells her not to give up now. haley then reaches for her phone and grabs it. but suddenly she hears the alligator gurgling. she tries calling someone, but all of a sudden, a second alligator appears behind her. she screams and runs towards the pipe, but the gator immediately bites her leg and drags her towards him. she kicks the animal and frees herself, but another alligator also comes after her. dave cries haley, she attacks one alligator with a metal box and distracts him. her phone is broken by the other alligator. she tries running from him, and it follows her. she soon finds a screwdriver and attacks the other alligator and blinds his one eye. she stays at one corner quietly, while the blind alligator hisses near her. he slowly goes away. dave asks her she is fine, and she answers she is safe, and informs him about the other alligator. haley then looks at the wounds on her leg and realizes it is pretty bad. she ties her leg with a rope. dave also painfully gets up and manages his wounds. the hurricane starts getting worse. the basement slowly starts filling with water. dave slowly goes towards hayley she asks him if he sees the alligators. haley tries to find a way to get help. dave fixes his broken legs with a wrench and a buckle. meanwhile, hayley slowly moves towards a window opening and sees some people outside. she cries for help. outside at a supermarket, three people are loading an atm machine. marv, stan and lee are stealing from the supermarket. hayley flashes her flashlight towards them. stan sees the flashing lights and comes closer to the house. haley starts her car's alarm. as the boy turns towards his friendly he sees an alligator attacking her. he cries and tells marv to get off the water. marf hears him and looks outside, and suddenly the alligator's tear stand apart in front of marv. marvin fear doesn't see the alligators entering the supermarket, and soon he is also killed by the alligators. inside the basement, dave suggests an idea to get out safely. he says that they cannot go out through the stairs, and asks her to crawl along the foundation till she reaches the wet wall. and tells her to push it up to sneak up inside the house. she yells at him that all the walls are wet due to the flood. dave measures the water level in the basement. haley finds the floor wall opening. climbs up on a box and tries to push it open, but there is a drawer above her and she cannot push it up. soon the storm intensifies, the water level inside the basement increase. dave hears someone outside the house. they hear a police petrol boat outside. both dave and hayley cry for help. wayne and his friend pete come to check up on hayley and her father. wayne gets inside the home and calls for hayley. haley and dave start making noise. sugar barks at wayne. he hears dave and haley make noise outside. he gets out to take out the debris from the boat's propeller. wayne finds hayley inside the basement. haley and dave immediately warn him of the alligators in the basement. wayne calls pete on the radio. pete is suddenly attacked by an alligator and killed. meanwhile, wayne is also grabbed by one. wayne struggles and cries for help. he is eaten alive by the alligator in front of haley. haley and dave immediately run behind the pipe bars and are safe. haley cries about not being able to save wayne. she is sure that they both will die there soon. they then start talking about dave and his wife's divorce. haley blames herself for the separation, but dave says that it was hayley and beth who kept them together. he also tells her that her mom deserves to be happy. they both then hug each other, and dave tells her that they are going to get away from the alligators and encourages haley to not lose hope. dave and haley then realize that their only way out is fighting the alligators. dave tells haley to go first as he distracts the alligators by hitting the pipes. haley takes a deep breath and swims underwater to reach the stairways. as haley swims, dave attracts the alligator towards him. when one alligator comes closer, he traps him under a broken pipe. the trapped alligator struggles to get out. hayley sees another alligator swimming in front of her. and she slowly moves back. dave hits the trapped alligator with a shovel multiple times and kills it. haley then tells dave that she cannot reach the stairway, so she is going for the drainpipe. dave warns her that it's dangerous because that is where the alligators entered from. however, haley goes towards it anyway. there she finds wayne's dead body and alligator eggs. some of them have already hatched. all of a sudden, an alligator crawls towards her through the drain pipe. it jumps into the water and swims away. as hilly hides from it. some of the eggs start hatching, and baby alligators start getting out of it. haley sees a gun on wayne's body. she reaches for it, but just then an alligator grabs her hand. she shoots the alligator inside its mouth multiple times, eventually killing it. dave asks her she is okay, and she tells him that she killed the gator. she then moves forward. inside the drainpipe, she crawls and swims through it. she sees another alligator swim right past in front of her. when it passes, she finally gets out of the drainpipe, but suddenly another alligator follows her. she gets out of the pipe safely and sees a helicopter pass by. she cries for help, but it doesn't notice her. inside the basement, the water level is almost full. dave has difficulty in breathing. he goes by the wall haley pushed earlier. haley tries getting inside the house, but the door is locked. she finds a chair and breaks off the glass. she rushes to the kitchen and finds a crowbar. she pries open the flooring in the house. dave slowly drowns due to a lack of air. he is unconscious when hayley pulls him out. she pushes his chest and gives him cpr. she hits his chest hard. when he suddenly barfs out all the water he swallowed. he gains his consciousness back. hayley hugs him. they struggle to get outside due to their injured leg. they locate a petrol boat and also see many alligators swimming outside the house. dave then tells haley that the alligators hunt in the floodwater. hearing for splashes, he suggests they make no splashes to get out of there unnoticed by the alligators. they grab their dog, sugar, and slowly walk outside in the flood water. the flood level increases and the storm's eye is just above them. the emergency alarm starts blaring. dave tells hayley to quickly swim to the boat. hayley dives and swims as the alligators follow her. she gets to the boat safely and brings it to dave and sugar. but all of a sudden, the flood level rises and it pushes the boat back inside the house. they struggle in the flood water. haley gets out of the water and stands on the kitchen countertop. dave is forced by the flood water inside, and he tells haley to meet him at the stairs. haley soon finds a radio floating in the water. meanwhile, dave reaches the stairs and finds some flares. haley gets on the upside boat and gets the radio. she calls for help and informs about the alligator, but no one responds. dave lights a flare and gets sugar to come towards him, but a gator attacks them. the alligator bites off dave's hand. hayley comes to him, but as soon as she sees the alligator, she swims away and locks herself in the bathroom. then she opens the door and jumps above it, trapping the alligator inside the bathroom. haley and dave reunite and climb above the stairs. hayley opens a hatch to the roof. they soon see a rescue helicopter. dave heads to the roof, while another alligator attacks hayley and grabs her. haley remembers her childhood days, she immediately grants the flare and burns the alligator, freeing herself. she then gets to the roof, still struggling with the alligator. she and dave lay on the roof as a helicopter comes near. using a road flare she found, hayley uses it to signal it toward them. it works, and the people in the helicopter lower something to pull them up to safety. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. you 