welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and now that the Matrix reboot is right around the corner, it's time to see how deep the rabbit-hole really goes. with Keanu Reeves and carrie-anne moss officially returning to the roles of neo and Trinity for the upcoming film. many are wondering how they're both still alive. but bit of an early spoiler there. anyway, throughout this video, we're going to be going over the best theories on how the characters will return and what could be happening in the film. this includes a matrix within a matrix, neo being a program the Matrix, movies being movies in the Matrix, and yeah, some crazy, crazy stuff. you have a choice here. you can either take the red pill and potentially have certain things about the movie spoiled, or you can take the blue pill, which which is viagra. either way, we will be talking about various elements of the series so far. so if you want fully caught up, then now's the time to turn off. if you're still here, thanks for clicking the video. now, let's get into our theories on how neo is alive. in the matrix reboot, do you believe that my being stronger or faster has anything to do with my muscles? in this place, you think that's air you're breathing? now? okay, so the last time we saw neo was at the end of the Matrix Revolutions, after the character was assimilated by Agent Smith. because neo was connected to the source through a direct line, it was able to delete the villain and all of his duplicates. the series as a whole was full of biblical metaphors, and the trilogy ended with the christ-like figure being carried away by machines, showing his transaction from his body into the spirit. neo was pretty much dead. but similar to Christ, there was lip service paid to the fact that he could rise again. and this was given further weight in the closing scene of revolutions. sati asked Oracle if we would ever see him again, and she said, I suspect so, meaning that there is indeed precedents for his return. now the first theory actually ties in quite a bit with the Oracle and sati themselves. during the trilogy, we learn that both characters, and in fact, a range of others, are programs themselves that have evolved in certain ways, broken free of the system and carved out their own lives. the death of Gloria foster, who originally played the part of the Oracle, forced the producers of the movie to recast the role, and they put it in the hands of Mary Alice. this shows that it is possible for programs to change their appearance. so is possible at neo is himself a program, and that his appearance has been selected for a specific reason? this would allow him to return. and it would blow my mind if he was actually part of the machine forces. this would massively subvert expectations. and it could be a plan by them to control the humans by appearing as their Savior. where this falls down is that I can't really see the Wachowski siblings bringing the character back just to pull the rug out from under our feet. personally, I can't see it. but it is indeed a possibility, hence why I've included it. the second theory is slightly more straightforward, and it states that neo will come back to life much in the same way that he came back to life in the initial film. people tend to forget that neo has already died before, and the final few scenes of the first film revolved around his death and resurrection. during the climactic chase scene, agent Smith actually managed to get ahead of neo, and he killed him before he was able to exit the matrix. neo returned after Trinity said that he couldn't be dead, because the Oracle prophesized that she would fall in love with the one. and after kissing him, he came back. after returning, he was finally able to break the barriers of the illusion, and he fully gained the powers of the one. the matrix is all about progression within the mind, to surpass the confines of reality in order to move beyond it. neo came back to life, and thus became more powerful. however, he did have some abilities before that allowed him to do certain things in the matrix many thought impossible. in the sequels, this went beyond just the matrix as well, and in the real world, he was able to stop sentinels just by using his mind. similar to the matrix, his powers had moved beyond the confines of reality. and it is possible that he had once more transcended to a certain point in which he was above all else this could mean that at the end of revolutions, we just saw another face of this. and much in the same way that the character died in the first film, he once more has come back possessing the full abilities of the one in the real world. it's an interesting theory, and a very simple one too, that I think would quickly get the setup out of the way and allow us to move into the main plot. so it is possible that we could see this in the final result. another possibility that sort of ties in with this theory is that Zion was just another level within the matrix. it could be possible that Zion was just another false reality that allowed some rebels to inhabit it and believe that they were free. so we have a matrix within a matrix that lets the machines harvest those that are part of it. this would not only show how neo was able to return, but also how he was able to stop the Sentinels. it too explains how Oracle knew that he would return. and thus there's a lot of weight to the theory. the path of the one is almost like a preordained program itself. so if this is the case, it would explain how neo was able to follow this. whether this turns out to be true or not, there is another theory which flashes this up further. and it states that the versions we have seen in leaked images as another incarnation of the Warner that just so happens to look like Keanu Reeves. in the Matrix Reloaded, neo comes face to face with the architect, aka the creator of the matrix. he informs the protagonists that he's actually version number 6 of the one, and that there have been several iterations of the matrix itself. each one had different aspects to them, but they all contain an anomaly in the code, which led to the creation of the one. so there is precedent for there being multiple versions of the matrix and multiple versions of the one. now we never find out who these other versions are or what they look like. and it is possible that the one always looks like Jana Reeves because their appearance is pre-selected. we know that a younger version of Morpheus is being cast for the reboot, so it is possible that the creative team are doing a lot of things with time and showcasing how the consistencies remain in each version of the matrix. at the end of revolutions, we do start to see a new matrix form. so it is likely that this will have its own version of the one, which could once more look like Keanu Reeves. it's a really interesting theory, and I could definitely see it popping up before we get into the final theory, which is the craziest one yet. I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the nfinity saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be and when the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and the updates in the comment section below the one. it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March in the cell be shipped out from the int over gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. ok? so if this final theory turns out to be true, then it could mean that we are all within the matrix. the theory says that the new film will actually be set in our world, and that the Matrix movies will be movies within the matrix, to trick people into thinking that they're not in the matrix. yeah, my head's nearly exploded. Keanu Reeves and carrie-anne moss will be playing, well, Keanu Reeves and carrie-anne moss, and someone would come to tell them that they were part of the film's because it would trick the world into thinking that the matrix was fictional, and therefore not something that were all stuck in. Keanu Reeves would then realize that he's actually the one, and he would reunite with cariann to get to the bottom of what's really going on. they would be angered by the fact that they were used as puppets to spread propaganda, and therefore use their resources to break out the system. it's a crazy, crazy theory, and very fourth wall breaking. and it would also completely remove the need to explain why Nia was alive the behind the scenes images that we've seen, and make it look like Jana Reeves and Carrie Amasa training. and therefore it could be them coming to grips with their abilities in a world that they believed was real. the matrix loves to have big reveals in it. and if this theory is true, then I can see it completely breaking people's minds and then making us question or reality, much in the same way that the first film did. it's a really inspired choice, I think, and out of the theories, it's definitely my favorite one. it would also explain how a younger Morpheus type car there is in the movie. and the film itself can explore the maitre corbeau that is being made to try and trick humanity once more. I think it might be to matter to make it to the movie. but with over 20 years since the first film's release, the Wachowski have had their time to think about things like this and Alvis deeply as they can. The Matrix is all about simulations and how we've been tricked into one. and I can definitely see this pleasing a lot of fans if it turns out to be true. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the theories and which one you think is the truth. if you haven't even better one, then make sure you leave it in the comments section below, as I'm sure many people have their own ideas and how the characters could be coming back. if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out a breakdown of an exclusive Batman leak that we got from an insider close to the project. we discuss where the plot is pulling from and what the vengeance tile that was spotted on set means. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. there's a thank you. you get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at definition whitey will click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 