welcome back to review recapped. today we will be showing you a psychopath thriller movie named american psycho. spoilers ahead. relax and enjoy. it is shown in 1987 that the life of wealthy new york investment banker patrick bateman revolves around dining at fancy restaurants while keeping up appearances for his fiance, evelyn and his circle of wealthy and shallow associates, most of whom he hates. the camera shows through bateman's apartment the next morning. everything is shades of white with black counters and shelves. it is sparsely decorated, but looks expensive. bateman is showing narrating that i live in the american gardens building on west 81st street, on the 11th floor. my name is patrick bateman. i'm 27 years old. he describes his everyday diet and daily exercise routine and his meticulous daily grooming rituals, which involves no less than nine different lotions and cleansers. there is an idea of a patrick bateman, he says, while peeling off his herb mint facial mask, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory. and though i can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours, and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable, i simply am not there. at a business meeting, bateman and his associates flaunt their business cards in a display of superficial vanity. enraged by the perceived superiority of his co-worker, paul allen's card, bateman murders a homeless man and his dog at a christmas party. bateman makes plans to have dinner with alan, who mistakes bateman for another co-worker. bateman resents alan for his more affluent lifestyle and his ability to obtain reservations for dorsia, a highly exclusive restaurant that bateman is unable to get into. bateman manipulates allen into getting drunk and lures him back to his apartment. while playing music, bateman lectures alan about the artistic merits of the song before proceeding to murder him with a mirror polished axe. after disposing of the body, bateman breaks into allen's apartment and leaves a phony message on his answering machine saying that allen has gone on a business trip to london. bateman is later interviewed about allen's disappearance by private investigator donald kimball. later we see bateman takes two prostitutes, whom he names christy and sabrina, to his apartment and share his opinions of the band genesis. after they have sex, bateman brings out instruments he uses for bodily harm. they later leave his apartment beaten and bloodied. bateman's colleague, luis, reveals a new business card, reminding bateman of alan's card. bateman tries to strangle luis in the restroom of an expensive restaurant, but luis mistakes the attempt for a sexual advance and declares his love for bateman, who flees in a panic. after murdering a model. bateman invites his secretary gene to dinner, suggesting that she meet him at his apartment for drinks. when gene arrives, unbeknownst to her, bateman holds a nail gun to the back of her head while they chat. when he receives a message from evelyn on his answering machine, he asks gene to leave. kimball meets bateman for lunch and tells him he is not under suspicion in allen's disappearance. detective kimball interviews bateman again, and while kimball harbors his own doubts of bateman, he reveals that a colleague of batemans claims to have spotted paul allen in london, calling in to question the entire investigation. bateman is initially relieved by the news, but is perturbed and begins to doubt himself. bateman invites christie and his acquaintance, elizabeth, to allen's apartment for sex, and kills elizabeth during the act. christy runs discovering multiple female corpses. as she searches for an exit, a naked bateman chases her and drops a chainsaw on her as she flees down a staircase, killing her. bateman breaks off his engagement with evelyn. that night, as he uses an atm, he sees a cat, and the atm displays the text, feed me a stray cat. when he prepares to shoot the cat, a woman confronts him, so he shoots her. a police chase ensues, but bateman shoots and kills the cops and blows up a police car fleeing to his office, bateman enters the wrong building, where he murders a security guard and a janitor in an office he believes is his. a police helicopter shines a light on bateman. he hides and calls his lawyer, harold carnes, and frantically leaves a confession regarding the many murders on karns's answering machine. the following morning, bateman visits alan's apartment, expecting to clean up alan's remains, but it is vacant and for sale. he pretends to be a potential buyer, but the realtor tricks bateman into revealing that he is not there to buy the apartment. she then cryptically tells him that the apartment does not belong to paul allen, before ordering him to leave. detective kimball meets with bateman for a third time. although bateman is terrified he will be found out, kimball assures him that several witnesses saw allen in london. and kimball tells bateman that allen probably just skipped town on vacation for a few weeks. patrick is stunned. he begins to doubt whether he actually killed alan, or not or all those other people. maybe it was all a fantasy. maybe patrick bateman's real name is davis karns excuses himself again, and he lets him go. gene continues to look with horror through patrick's notebook, an evil drawing of a woman getting her limbs cut off with a chainsaw. a naked woman nailed the boards. the more pages she turns, the worse the images get. page after page is filled with shocking fantasies of rape, murder and mutilation of women. patrick returns to the table. the guys are watching president ronald reagan talking about iran contra on tv. how can he lie like that, says bryce. van poten continues to ask where they have reservations, even though he isn't really hungry. how can you be so [ __ ] i don't know cool about it. some guys are just born cool, i guess, says van potten. bateman starts laughing. bateman, what are you so [ __ ] zany about? ha, ha. i'm just a happy camper, rocking and a-rolling. turning back to reagan on the tv, bryce says he presents himself as this harmless, old conjurer, expressing inside doesn't matter. the movie ends showing a perplexed bateman narrating. believe it or not, bryce, we're actually listening to you, says mcdermott. bryce asks bateman what he thinks, whatever. van poten says he doesn't like dry beers and needs a scotch. bateman looks over the faces of the people in the room as he narrates, there are no more barriers to cross. all i have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil. all the mayhem i have caused, and my utter indifference toward it, i have now surpassed. my pain is constant and sharp. and i do not hope for a better world for anyone. in fact, i want my pain to be inflicted on others and no one to escape. my punishment continues to elude me. my confession has meant nothing. thanks for watching. please subscribe and turn on notification to help us grow and enjoy more movies like this. 