[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a thriller film, the woman. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. an injured feral woman is treating her wound with mud by the river. she was abandoned by her parents. when she was little, a female wolf found her and raised her. she has grown up in the forest, far away from the civilized world. she has dark skin, keen sense of smell and sharp teeth, which enable her to survive in the wild. one morning, the woman is bathing in a river and is not aware of danger approaching. a man is observing her through a gun with an evil smile. he is deeply attracted by her wild beauty. driven by his hormones, he follows her to a cave in the distance, but he doesn't shoot her. he has come up with an evil plan. this man is called chris, a lawyer who has a wife and three kids living in a big house outside the city. when he comes back home, the first thing he asks his wife and children to do is to clean the cellar before dinner. they are surprised. don't know what happened, but they don't dare to ask chris why, as they are afraid of him, and he is the head of the family. chris's wife feels a bit worried because she knows her husband is a psychopath. in the early morning, chris captures the woman with a net. as soon as she comes out of the cave, he knocks her out and takes her home, restrains her with a wire rope and hangs her up in the cellar. he touches and sniffs her smelly body. when he is checking her rotten teeth, his finger is chewed off and eaten by the woman. in anger, chris slaps her in the face. the woman doesn't surrender, glaring at him with a stony faced expression, chris decides to teach her a lesson to tame the woman. he tightens the rope and shoots her in the ear, warning her to be obedient. the woman starts to give in. later, chris takes everyone to the cellar and announces his plan of civilizing the woman in front of the family. nobody objects to him. his son is obsessed with the plan. his eldest daughter is scared, while his wife is calm and emotionless. she seems to be used to it. his youngest daughter is too young to understand what is going on. when they feed the woman, you use a rake to push the food towards her for safety. the woman shows no interest in the food. she knocks it over with her head and shows her teeth. chris orders the family not to tell others about the woman. after dinner, the youngest daughter goes down to the gate of the cellar and plays music with her recorder, trying to befriend the woman. it's the woman's first time to hear music, which comforts her a lot. in this family, chris is the authority and the source of his daughter's fear. before going to bed, chris's wife raises doubt about the plan. she is not sure if they should do this. chris slaps her in the face before she can finish her sentence. she doesn't dare to say anything more. in the cellar, the woman tries to get rid of the rope, but she is too hungry and weak. she starts to eat the moldy food on the floor. chris asks his wife to boil some water and bring it to the cellar with his son. he thinks the woman is too dirty and wants to wash her. he wipes her face with a wet towel. the woman is not used to warm water, but she doesn't have any strength to resist just looking at the wife, watching her husband wiping the woman's body intimately. the wife is jealous and disturbed. chris senses his wife is unhappy, so he shouts at her, telling her to stop looking at them with that look. and that is what he has to do. the wife bends over and picks up a piece of wood, walking slowly towards them. the woman sees hope. she thinks the wife understands her and is going to save her. much to her disappointment, she just tells chris to tighten a loosened screw in case the woman escapes. chris praises his wife. a woman holds a grudge against his wife. since the woman is too dirty to be wiped clean, chris decides to clean her with a high-pressure power washer in the garden. the woman is tied and can't move. a powerful stream causes her lots of pain. the eldest daughter can't bear to watch her suffering, so she begs chris to turn off a washer. but chris ignores her and continues. so the girl rushes to turns it off. chris didn't expect his daughter to disobey him. he shouts at her and asks her to turn it back on. the woman begs chris, imitating his daughter and saying please vaguely. chris is happy to see that. thinking that the civilizing plan is working, he takes the woman back to the cellar, then asks his wife to fetch a first aid kit and some food. the wife treats the woman's wound and dresses her up. admiring the woman, chris jokes to his wife that the woman looks like his concubine. the wife is embarrassed and doesn't know how to answer. later on, chris feeds the woman food and water himself and teaches her to say thank you. the woman begins to seemingly adapt to this life. at night, chris goes to the cellar while his wife is sleeping. in fact, his wife just pretends to be asleep. she knows what her psychopath husband is up to. shortly after, chris can't hold his boiling hormones any longer and rapes the woman, while his son observes in secret. the woman notices the peeping sun staring at him with a sharp look. the next day, the boy comes to the cellar alone. the woman stares at him fiercely while he gives her a biscuit. seeing that she has no intention to eat it, he throws it away and tortures her with a pair of pliers. the eldest daughter hears the woman scream and rushes to the cellar. she scolds him for his cruelty and asks him to get out. seeing the woman is covered in blood, she apologizes to her for her family. the woman doesn't understand what she is saying. the eldest daughter tells her mother what her brother had done. the mother gets very angry. she doesn't tell him off right away, but waits for chris to come home. as soon as chris gets home, she tells him what his son did, hoping he can discipline him. however, chris is not impressed at all. he just asked his son if what she said is true. his wife can't believe he is so twisted. he asks his son again and gets a confirmed answer from the son's look. and he says, no one is hurt. his wife is absolutely shattered to hear it. chris explains that the boy is just a teenager and it's normal to do so also, the woman is clean now there won't be any problem. the wife can't stand it anymore. she can't understand how he can be so evil and be so cruel to a human being. chris thinks it is not a big deal. she says, what he did to the dog is enough to put him in prison. chris is annoyed and blames it on her. she announces that she is going to take her daughters and leave him and the son alone. her words totally enrage him. he punches her and knocks her out. though scared, the eldest daughter goes to check on her mother. chris asks the girl to give her a towel and she will be fine. just then the doorbell rings. chris orders his son to help his mother sit on the chair. it is the eldest daughter's teacher, who believes the girl is pregnant because she often asks for sick leave and goes to the toilet during class. the eldest daughter also throws up often, and even her dressing style has changed. today, the girl didn't go to school, so the teacher decided to do a home visit. the girl rejects her teacher at the door and asks her to leave but it is too late. chris hears her and invites her into the house. the teacher would like to talk to the mother, but chris insists talks with him in front of everyone because there is no secret in the family. the teacher then tells him that she thinks his eldest daughter is pregnant. the girl denies it immediately. she can't imagine what her father would do to her if he knows. chris stands up and assures the teacher the girl can't be pregnant because she has no boyfriend. if she is, you would know. he says, there are only two men in this house, he and his son. he thinks the teacher is humiliating him. the teacher is astonished to hear this. she now understands why the girl didn't want to let her in. she wants to leave in a hurry, but she is knocked out before she can open the door. chris ties the teacher and drags her through the garden. his eldest daughter keeps begging chris to let her teacher go. chris doesn't listen and verbally assaults her. in his eyes, all women are nothing and are worth less than a dog. chris drags the teacher to a barn where he keeps two vicious dogs. he locks the teacher with the dogs in a cage. chris and the boy watch her struggling with fear and being attacking by the dogs. suddenly, a blind woman that behaves like a dog appears and kills the teacher. the eldest daughter takes the chance and releases the woman in prison in the cellar. the woman kills the wife that just woke up, then she goes to the barn where she kills the boy with a board and rips chris's heart out and eats it. the eldest daughter is terrified and wants to escape with her little sister. while she is looking for the car key, the little sister walks towards the woman and hands her a bottle of water. the woman accepts it and drinks the water. she doesn't attack the girls. she takes the little sister's hand and invites the eldest daughter to come with her. the eldest daughter is reluctant at first, thinking there is nothing left in this family, but only traumas she follows the woman. in the end, they all leave together and walk into the woods. this is daniel cc movie channel peace out. 