we must give the audience what they want. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain the last showing. this movie tells the story of a man who traps a couple in a cinema. he then created the bloodiest game. according to the scenario he had prepared. can the couple be free from the trap of his game? let's find out in the last showing. the last showing begins with a couple, martin and ally, who are in love. they are often seen making out anywhere in any time, as if they were inseparable. the scene then switches showing an old man named stuart. stewart is an employee who works in a movie theater. stewart hopes to live his old age happily, but fate said otherwise. in his old age, he still has to make a living by serving movie igors, who often make him sick because of their indifference to cleanliness and regulations in the cinema, they love having sex in the auditorium and throwing their condoms away carelessly. long story short, ali invites her boyfriend to watch a movie at the cinema on the nightly schedule. ally deliberately bought tickets at that time because usually not many movie goers watch movies in the middle of the night. in addition, they can also freely make out in a quiet auditorium. martin, who was able to predict his girlfriend's wishes, immediately welcomed her invitation. that same night, the manager of the cinema, named clive, received information that one of the employees could not work the night shift due to urgent business. clive looks annoyed, but stewart assures him that he can double up as a food stand ticket salesman and cinema projector controller, as not many people will be visiting the cinema in the middle of the night. clive finally gave him the authority to handle everything. ali and martin were at the theater a few minutes before the movie started. clive had greeted them at the entrance. the atmosphere in the cinema was getting quiet. the visitors who had just finished watching the film on the previous schedule were seen leaving the cinema ally. then headed for the food stand, but none of the employees were there. she called out into the hallway where the food stall employees usually gathered, hoping someone would come out of there. stuart finally appeared. he apologized that ally had to wait so long. stewart then served ali, who wanted to buy popcorn and soda, in a very friendly manner. unbeknownst to ali, he poured something into her drink and told her that the remaining soda wasn't fresh anymore because it was late. ally drank a little of her soda, but she cancelled it because it didn't taste good. stewart then threw the drink away. ally and martin then entered the auditorium where the film of their choice was shown as scheduled. there were no other visitors there apart from the two of them. meanwhile, in the projector room, stuart shows strange behavior when he records the room of the camcorder. clive, who is there, warns him and says that cinema regulations don't allow anyone to shoot movies in theaters. but stewart says he doesn't care about the rules and doesn't care about his job anymore. he then attacks clive and stuns him into unconsciousness. after the incident, the loudspeaker in the auditorium where ali and martin watched the movie suddenly made a loud buzzing sound. ali and martin decided to go outside because they were uncomfortable with the loud noise. it turned out that stewart had planned everything, even had written down their actions sequentially on a piece of paper, including their decision to leave the auditorium. stewart then took all the room keys from clive's pocket and exchanged them for an emergency elevator key. ali, who was still in a panic, suddenly felt dizzy and nauseous. she then went to the toilet and vomited. stuart, who had been in the toilet, secretly recorded ally with a handy cam after throwing up, ally didn't feel any better, but instead felt that her dizziness was getting worse. she suddenly fell unconscious in the toilet. stewart then comes out of hiding and kidnaps her. meanwhile, martin has not realized that his girlfriend has disappeared. the situation became even tenser because all access in and out of the cinema building had been closed and the lights had been turned off. there is little light left in certain places. martin then looked for ally in the toilet, but she was nowhere to be found. martin went back to the lobby of the cinema because of the lighting they're still on. suddenly, a large monitor screen above the ticket booth showed the schedule for the film in the entire auditorium. he was surprised because ali's name was emblazoned on the film's title column in the auditorium, room number 12. he rushed to auditorium number 12 because he thought ally was there. but when he got there, martin saw footage of what had happened to ally while in the toilet. ali is unconscious and is now being held captive by someone somewhere. the show also shows cctv camera footage when martin and ali enter the cinema and what they do while in the cinema. all the shows are packaged so nicely like an opening scene in a film. stuart is currently making his film with martin and ali in the lead roles. after all of martin and ali's footage ended, the cinema screen displayed in order for martin to slam his cell phone on the floor and smash it until it no longer worked. the screen changed and showed the seat number where he was required to go. once there, martin finds a gun that only has one bullet and he must use it wisely. in the projector room, clive, who started to wake up, was surprised because he was being held captive by stuart. the old man looked happy while recording clive's condition with his camera. stewart then threatens him by wrapping a roll of film tape around his body. as the projector lit up and continued to roll the film around clive's body. stewart confirmed his threat by draping the film around his neck, almost strangling him. then he cuts the film tape around clive's neck and tells his manager that he still has other roles in the film. in the cinema lobby, martin is frustrated that ali has disappeared and is trapped in the cinema with a crazy psychopath. he then tries to break the rolling door, but his efforts were in vain. in his frustration, martin was startled by the appearance of clive, who came through the door behind the food stand. suddenly, martin immediately pointed his gun at clive because he thought he was the psychopath. but clive said he was the manager of this theater and not the person martin was referring to. of course, martin didn't necessarily believe in clive because he was the only person in the cinema. even though clive had exposed all of stuart's crazy deeds and plans, martin still didn't believe him. an emotional martin and a frustrated clive then fight stewart, who was watching their fight from the projector room, seem to be enjoying himself. martin, who can no longer hold his emotions, pushes clive into the popcorn machine and shoots him dead. stewart looks very satisfied watching martin kill his manager. and again, this was as expected by him, like a scenario in a movie. martin finally realized that clive wasn't lying, but it was too late. stewart then ordered martin to search clive's trouser pocket and retrieve his keys and wallet. after that, he was told to open the cash register and scoop up all the cash there. martin was then directed to the engineering room, and he finally found ali, who was still unconscious. martin immediately frees her and realizes that there is a camera that the psychopath has used to record ally martin dropped the camera and immediately took ali away from there. of course, all of martin's actions were written in stewart script at a young age. stewart turned out to have pretty good skills in video editing. with state-of-the-art equipment in the projector room that supports his video editing capabilities, stewart cuts and splices videos showing all of martin's actions in the cinema, then stitches them together into scenes in a movie. on the other hand, ali finally woke up, but she was still sick and vomited in the toilet. again, martin scolded alley and told her not to stay long in the toilet. after exiting the restroom, ally followed martin into the lobby. but without martin realizing it, clive's wallet fell out of his pocket. and worse, ali knew about it. ali then picks up the wallet and is surprised that martin has another man's wallet. ali then suspects that martin has robbed someone. the couple had a big fight. martin tried to explain that it was all an accident, but ali told him that she noticed something odd about her clothes. she then accuses martin of harassing her while she is unconscious. martin denied it, but ali couldn't believe it because there was no one else in the cinema besides him. ally then ran to the toilet and locked herself there. she began to examine her clothes and was increasingly convinced that martin had raped her, because some of the buttons on her shirt were undone, as well as her bra straps. ally cried in frustration, not expecting her boyfriend to treat her indecently. outside the toilet door, martin tried to explain everything, but ali still wouldn't listen. stuart, who witnessed the bickering between the two, laugh happily. he then spoke through a loud speaker throughout the theater. he tells a plot twist about martin's attempt to rape ali, when she faints and kills his manager named clive, who tries to save her. unexpectedly, ali believed stewart's words, and this made martin even more inflamed. martin managed to open the door and trying to calm her, but ali, pointing a sharp glass shard at him. ally was afraid that martin would hurt her again. like a hero trying to save ali, stewart suddenly appears behind martin and hits him in the head with a fire extinguisher until he passes out. stewart then takes ali to his manager's office to treat her hand leading from the broken glass. then stuart began to tell her that he had worked in this cinema for 25 years without a promotion or salary increase. because of this, stewart is often belittled by his co-workers and moviegoers, who are often disrespectful to older people. not long after, martin finally woke up and searched for ally's whereabouts by following the drops of blood. stewart then takes ali to the surveillance camera room and shows him footage of martin's actions in the cinema while she was unconscious. of course, the footage stewart showed had been edited to make her believe that martin was the villain all along. after that, stuart asks ali to go to the manager's office and call the police. when ali was in the office, stewart told martin to get keys in clive's shirt pocket. stewart then turned off the electricity so that martin had trouble finding the key. but his real plan was for clive's blood to stick to martin's body and clothes, so that the accusations leveled against martin as the mastermind behind clive's murder would be more convincing. a few moments later, the police came to the cinema and trying to break in. the panic, martin went straight to the top floor to save ali. but stewart continues to influence ali and convinces her that martin wants to hurt her. therefore, ali followed stewart who ran towards the roof. stuart and ali finally arrived on the center roof, followed by martin, who pointed a gun at stewart. soon the police reached the roof and pointed their guns at martin. all of that had been predicted by stewart in his script, placing himself as a hero in his story and trapping innocent people like martin as the antagonist. stewart had even predicted that martin, who is still burning with anger, would act rashly for not thinking clearly. despite being warned by the police to drop his gun, martin still showed plans to shoot stuart, until a cop shot his head and he died instantly. and the screenplay made by stewart finally ended according to the director's wishes. in the morning, the police managed to secure the crime scene and evacuate the bodies of martin and clive. ali still looks utterly shocked at what happened to her and martin at the cinema. she was still consumed by stewart's story, which had framed martin as a criminal. ali believes stewart is the hero who saved her. stewart even received praise from the police for being able to show his courage what a brilliant mastermind as well as the greatest character actor capable of fooling everyone. the film ends. [Music], you 