in japan's singoka period, takita, shinjin, dami of the taquita clan, meets with his brother, nobukado and an unnamed thief, whom the latter met by chance and spared from crucifixion due to the thief's uncanny resemblance to shinjin. the brothers then agree that he would prove useful as a double and they decide to use the thief as a cage musha, a political decoy. later, shinjin's army has besieged a castle of tokugawa i iso. one evening, when shinjin visits the battlefield, he is shot by a sniper who has mapped shinjin's previous movements in the camp. mortally wounded, he orders a withdrawal and commands his generals to keep his death a secret for three years. shinjin soon dies with only a small group of witnesses. meanwhile, shinjin's rivals, oda nobunaga, tokugawa iso and yusuji kenshin, each contemplate the consequences of shinjin's withdrawal of his army. still not knowing of his death, nobukito presents the thief to shinjin's generals proposing to have this cagemusha impersonate shinjin full-time. at first, even the thief is unaware of shinjin's death, until he tries to break into a huge jar, believing it to contain treasure, and instead finds shinjin's preserved corpse. the generals then decide they cannot trust the thief and set him free. later, the takita leaders secretly dropped the jar with shinjin's corpse into lake suwa. spies working for tokugawa and his ally oda witness the disposal of the jar, and, suspecting that shinjin has died, go to report the death. the thief, however, overhearing the spies, goes to offer his services, hoping to be of some use to shinjin in death. the takita clan preserves the deception by announcing that they were making an offering of sake to the god of the lake. the spies follow the takita army as they march home from the siege. although they suspect that shinjin has died, they are later convinced by the cage mush's performance. returning home, the cage musha successfully fools shinjin's retinue by imitating shinjin's gestures and learning more about him, the cage musha begins to uncannily mimic the persona of shinjin, and even convinces takita katsuyara's son and shinjin's grandson, who was very close with shinjin. when the cage musha must preside over a clan council to plan how to respond to provocative attacks made by tokugawa against taquito border castles, he is instructed by nobukito to not speak until nobukido brings the generals to a consensus, where upon the cage musha will simply agree with the general's plan and dismiss the council. however, katsuyori is incensed by his father's decree of the three-year subterfuge, which delays his inheritance and leadership of the clan. katsuyori thus decides to test the cage musha in front of the council. as the majority of the attendants are not aware that shinjin is dead, katsuyori directly asks the cage musha what course of action the lord thinks should be taken. after a long pause, the cage musher replies, a mountain does not move, convincingly in shenzhen's own manner. the cage mush's effective improvisation further impresses the generals. soon in 1573, oda nobunaga is mobilizing his forces to attack azinagamasa continuing his campaign in central honshu to maintain his control of kyoto against the growing opposition. when the tokugawa and oda clans launch an attack on takita territory, katsuyori begins a counter-offensive. against the advice of other generals, the cage musha is forced to lead reinforcements to the 1574 battle of takatenjin and helps inspire the troops to victory. in a fit of overconfidence, the cage musha attempts to ride shinjin's spirited horse. when he falls off, those who rush to help him see that he does not have their lord's battle scars, and he is revealed as an impostor. the thief is driven out of the palace in disgrace, and katsuyori takes over the clan. oda and tokugawa, sensing weakness in the takita clan leadership, are emboldened to begin a full-scale offensive into the takita homeland. now in full control of the takita army, katsuyori leads the counter-offensive against nobunaga, resulting in the battle of nagashino. although courageous in their assault, wave after wave of attacking takita cavalry and infantry are cut down by volleys of tanigashima fire from oda troops deployed behind wooden stockades, effectively eliminating the takita army. the exiled cage musha, who has followed the takita army, is dismayed, and in a final show of loyalty, he takes up a spear and makes a hopeless charge against the oda lines. mortally wounded, the cage musha attempts feudally to retrieve the frankazon banner, which had fallen into a river, but succumbs to his wounds in the water, his body floats past it. as the film concludes with a long shot of the abandoned frinkazon 