[Music]. father, hey guys, Ryan and Greg here for another video on American Horror Story, apocalypse. is time now to break down and review all of season 8. yes, we're gonna go over the good, the bad, our favorite moments, and we're gonna rank this season with other seasons in the past. it's not the best, it's up there. as always, guys, make sure you subscribe to the channel, because we're gonna go back and re-watch past seasons of American Horror Story. that's right, we're gonna cover asylum, freak show, Hotel and Roanoke. also, if you haven't picked up one of these stuti shirts yet, well here's another chance. for the holiday weekend, we're gonna give you 25% off. use the code Black Friday, starting on Thanksgiving at 9 p.m. Pacific, until November 27th at 12 a.m. Pacific. you could pick up any universe logo t-shirts and III designs as well. thank you guys so much for the support. first guys, Greg and I owe you guys an apology. we're not perfect. we got a few things wrong and some of these breakdowns, but thank you guys for calling us out. first up. myrtle didn't kill Jeff and me. she said she wanted to kill Jeff and mutt in the season finale, but she couldn't, because obviously they had to go through with the plan in order to get the witches into the outpost. yes? so she put a spell on him to wipe the memory or something. but that's it. nothing. suppose I must get to the most unpleasant part of my visit. what's that? the part where I have to leave before killing you both? also, you need those guys alive, because she can't just kill them off. you need them for the rest of the plan to go forward, right? they're making sure certain people get into certain outposts. yeah. I think I said numerous times that there was a protection spell over the witches in the Louisiana swamps after the apocalypse had had taken place. now, you guys called me out. you know, the Louisiana swamps, and the ground, in the soil there, has so many nutrients that can basically bring someone back to life. so the I think that they, what we, what we feel, is that they buried themselves alive, yes, when the bombs are going off. and, you know, I think it was a year a little bit over a year or two, they they rose back from the dead. yeah. then they went, I'll go with that, went went outpost three. okay. this is also, this also wipes out the theory that we thought maybe it had something to do with Halloween. they can come back, their souls can be risen for one day, right? yeah, that's out of the question. all we know is that the soil down in New Orleans, mm-hmm, is very, very rich to bring back life. and then finally, the 1987 film Anastasia is a Fox property. don don bluth animation. fox animation, not disney, not does not. well, technically, greg, i'm sure we got a few other things wrong, but, you know, we appreciate you guys kind of helping us, yeah, understand all the little details that are going on. and this show can be easily misinterpreted. so thank you guys for, you know, the eagle-eyed viewers that we have out there. it's all good. scream at us, hit us up on twitter, last know, if we got something wrong, it's all good. okay, let's go over what we liked. let's start off with just the fact that they crossed over for the first time ever. we've only got a season where two seasons actually crossover. yeah, after so much time of Ryan Murphy teasing us and telling us that they're all in the same world, I loved it. yeah. thought it was a really a fun way to bring all the different worlds and all the different seasons that we've watched before into one season. and I think that that the pinnacle of that was the return to Murder House episode, when we actually get to go back to the house and and see a bunch of the spirits that are there, and then get the coven, which is there, and just see those worlds kind of collide. I think it was everything that we we dreamed of when we when we heard that this the season was gonna have a crossover. it's so good. I'm thinking like that would have been, Murder House would have been one of the most perfect season premieres if they had used that as a jumping-off point for the season to start. but regardless, it was just one of the the most standout moments of the season. were the new owners. who are you? I'm Constance Langdon, and this is my house. not only the return to Murder House, but I just love the return to humor him camp this season by Gary - last season, where Colton was, damn light. a little intense last season, right? yes? miss season. for a second you thought it was gonna be just as intense with the bomb. the first 15 minutes are like, oh, no, I don't know if I can take this. then right from there, when you get inside the outpost, it is just line after line, and it's [ __ ]. it's fun. I loved it. on top of that, it was really cool to see the world building, you know, the the witches and the warlocks and the Hawthorn school, and kind of get some background into this whole dynamic and the power struggle between these two for that's been going on for years and years. honestly. next to return to Murder House is my favorite episode, easily number two. and I have a feeling a lot of people are gonna love this - is. could it be? Satan? yeah, that is easily the second best episode of the season, my opinion. yeah, did you say this was a boy, as in male Ariel? you actually believe this? yeah, you're totally right. and before this we had only watched, you know, we'd seen coven, so we knew the witches side. and then to get a little bit of, you know, a background on the warlocks. I know we saw Quentin in the coven season, who was one of the warlocks of his on the witches council in the coven season. I know that's a little bit confusing, right there. but we now we get some background into, like, the the male perspective in that, yeah, and in what's been going on. and then to then add this the Antichrist and the prophecy of the Alpha, there's a really cool integration into into different types of mythology. they can go some with this in the future, hopefully. now, it's like about the stand out or most valuable performance of the entire season. and I think this one's a no-brainer. of course it. it has to be cool. no, Greg, it's not. Stu, it was Kody fern who played Michael Langdon. you know, we learned about Michael Langdon back in Murder House, at the very end of Murder House. and then to see him become this manchild, let's say, with these intense, enormous powers, Kody fern has played it, played at them, remarkable. he's got to stick around this franchise. I'm sorry. I can't get enough with Kody fern on this show. he's becoming, he's slowly growing in the Ryan Murphy, you know. but what are we gonna call that? he's in a Versace right now. and I really hope that Kody fern comes back for Season nine, ten. Oh, however, far they don't think there's a good chance he will. and we're gonna talk about it later on, because there is a Instagram from Ryan Murphy. you know, I like the B on Murphy's Instagram, and there's a little bit of a hint that that Cody fern might be best something in sub Ryan Murphy. and we're hoping it's fingers crossed. it's American Horror Story. when I've already won, you haven't won, perhaps you haven't noticed the state of the world. it's almost as bad as your dinner jacket. but at least the world can be saved. I want to shout out frances conroy for everything I talked about earlier in the show. she really applies to all that, no, and also, on top of that, fashion, yeah. I mean, if every look wasn't just as good as the last look. she's been wonderful this season, and I think she's probably one of the most quotable characters that we've seen, even during the coven days as well, but in this show. yeah. I mean, everything's all the quick remarks that she has about the warlocks, everything she hauled, all the shade that she throws. we were just huge fans of what Conroy has done with this character. sucks that she's, she's, she's dead, though she's dead again for now. yeah, again. until the next time they can write one quick line, she's back. it's all day. also, I want to give a shout out to Billy Porter. yeah, as behold. I'm sorry that was again, one of the reasons I love return to Murder House so much is because him and Madison Montgomery together in a room, it worked. yeah. I never would have thought that in a million years, but it's perfect. and, and on top of all that, Billy Porter has been great and posed this season. and if you haven't seen that yet, I also want to give a little shout out to Kathy Bates. are one of our favorites who's each and each season is just amazing. and to play she's like bringing the devil mama here, who turns into a robo devil mama. she's just just evil. she's game for me. any family that still sticks into my head is is that when she's laughing maniacally, when she's getting burned alive, and she's still smiling. I cannot get that out of my head. I just think that Kathy Bates, she's, she's one of the, one of the legends in the game. so, shot at the Kathy Bates. also, Sarah Paulson, of course, playing numerous roles. of course, director, as an actor and a director. she directed return to Murder House, her first time directing, and she did a phenomenal job. you know, she watched a ton of she was in coven, but she watched a ton of it, rewatched ton of it, and you could tell like we were immediately brought back to that season in the episode. so shouts to Sarah Paulson for her excellent job, as always. this. okay, let's go over what we didn't like this season. I have a feeling I know what number one is for everyone. let's talk about the flashbacks. yeah, I think that just the over reliance on the use of flashback, on how they told this story, it was a bit much. you know, episodes one through three, we're great, you know, set us up in this outpost in this post-apocalyptic world. Timothy ma Emily, yeah. and then we don't hear from these characters until the end of the season finale. so from episodes forts and four through nine, we're just kind of reliving what happened to get all these characters here. yeah. and I, I kind of just wish that they, they didn't have that. that's not how they structure this story. it took a huge halt, but their expects you to it takes your hand and goes some keys. Hey, look at this. look at this. look at this. ignore that. ignore that. right now we got no return to Murder House ears. there's the rubber man. here's everything else, Timothy and Emily, all that crap. put it to the side. but by the time we get back to the current story in the season finale, like, I'm not invested in the characters that we met in the beginning, you know, it's hard to, yeah, it's hard to stay connected to that, that whole, that whole plot because, you know, we haven't been around it for so long. so I just think the use of the flashbacks, I wish it would have been a little bit toned down, or they could have the way they edited, the way they wrote this season a little different, but we'll talk about that a little bit later. another thing that I wasn't a huge fan of is the anti-climactic show up, showdown between Mallory and Michael at the end. you know, they were posed as such these powerful entities, you know, Michael being the Antichrist and having his powers, and the Mallory, you know, they faced off very quickly in the beginning of the season, and then they come down to the last, last episode, and, I mean, an SUV, a hit and run with an SUV is what we take down the the Antichrist with, when we know, like all we've been told all season long is how powerful they are. I was just doing getting get into a 4x4 and then, you know, and then run them over. I just say, I wasn't, I wasn't happy with how mundane the the showdown was after a season of all of this magic in in and voodoo, you know. I mean, that's, that was their point for doing that. and I understand why they did it, because they didn't want to have that moment. one technical issues here. he wanted to make a giant spectacle, right? special effects everywhere for something this is gonna take one second. and to again, the running him over over and over again. it's just setting the point that we don't give a [ __ ]. is that our show, and we're gonna do whatever we want. yeah, that was a there rebellion against it. I'm fine. all right. let's talk about time travel. I was okay with it until the very end. we knew it was coming at some point. yeah, I had the feeling in the back of my head the second the bomb went off. I'm thinking, okay, they may have to go back and do a little time travel here to fix this. by anything, I did not expect for them to really wreak on the entire season, though. yeah. you know, the thing about time travel is that it makes everything that happened completely pointless. everything you watch, everything you watch them, you invested your time in, you know, none of those deaths on, none of those those character arcs, right? I mean, people go through transformations. let's talk about Madison Montgomery. she goes through a complete, like, you know, turnaround in her life. and what she what she cares about. that's what's things the most about this season. yeah, her, yeah, from that and her whole arc, and in the last second, she's still stuck in hell. and that's the last thing you hear about me. I thought that she may be redeemed herself, that she may be like turning a leaf. but no, then it just turns out she's stuck in hell. we're gonna keep her down in hell a little bit longer. you know, it's that, that's Madison. that's not, I just think time travel was an easy way to get to write your way out of out of anything. well, that's all time travel is using just any work. that's torture. I can tell you that too. hey, what how do we get out of this problem? well, no time travel before anybody met, uh, yeah. I would actually love it someone put this season in order, chrono exactly. that would be a fun watch, actually, and see if it makes any sense. there's probably some holes in there, especially Timothy and Emily, but that's gonna be a little weird. but I would love if they can just fix this season and see what happens in order, like an Arrested Development, what they did for season three. yeah, something like that. another thing that I didn't enjoy that much was, you know, I was waiting for all the witches to come back to resurrect them, bring them back from the personal hell. we get misty day back, and she doesn't do anything. she just, she's there for like one white which performance is the hang out and twirl in the in the in the living room. but, you know, there's no misty day in the final showdown. you should have left me where I was. what? why that man you said to fetch me? he gives me the heebie-jeebies. I kind of agree. but misty really hit the check points for all the stuff fans wanted for her. you got her spin, you got her singing with you got the spin, you got her singing with the White Witch, Stevie Nicks. that's really all they wanted. and that's it. you even got to sing with her back in Hell. and Cody saves her. so I get that. you get what you want. that's that's it. they're giving you nothing but the hits. I do get that. but, you know, she plays such a big role in coven. she was, you know, she lost a very significant character, and they gave that rule to Mallory. and, yeah, you're right. you're right. I just wish that kind of she played a bigger role towards the end there than just, hey, let's get her in there for a union of sorts, and then just she's gone. speaking of short-lived reunions, Marie Laveau, we got to have Angela Bassett back for about, what, ten minutes, if that, oh, no, it wasn't in 10 min yeah, looks like a minutes. I would have loved to see her a little bit involved, a little bit more. the problem with all these flashbacks and their reliance of the time travel thing was that so much had happened in that last like, 30 minutes or 45 minutes, that I don't think you could give enough, enough time to each person. yeah, we talked about that bill the week prior. were like, others, if there's a cameo, it's gonna be quick. and sure the hell was dark. it's that most corrupt voodoo queen soul for mine. you serve him, well he might lease next. I can also do without mutton. Jeff, sorry. agreed. the haircuts and all. and it was funny, goofy the first like, five minutes you're with them, but then after that, you're like, okay, we're gonna have that's a bit too much. I didn't need to do that, like, that whole and the way that it's so August that they're manipulating Michael Langdon, and that he is just, you know, I under at it, he's like a weak, immature young boy inside this powerful with his powerful who, but he doesn't know what to do with the right now. but the way that it was just so, like, just so obvious that, like, he shouldn't be manipulated in that way by these two douchebags. the world is a raging [ __ ], and we need to burn this [ __ ] to the ground, wipe the slate clean and start over this time, do it right. and then on top of it, their motivations for wanting to end the world. I mean, pissed off a traffic pissed off at someone dropping coffee on them. I mean, that's all happened to all of us, and we're not destroying what we see around us. that's just, it's just ridiculous motivation. and then finally, what about Mallory? did you think that she was an effective character to go off against Michael Langdon? only thing we knew going in is, okay, now we're he's probably gonna be the one to stop him after episode, what was it three? yeah, we knew that. okay, she's probably a witch or angel at the time, or something like that. did she ever get an episode dedicated to her character, though, exactly? I would love to get a little more background on her and see kind of develop her character as someone that's not just following these witch's orders and being told that she's a, you know, has all these powers, and, hey, show off your butterfly trick. show off your deer trip. you know, it's just quick. let's get to know more about Mallory and where she comes from. she could get a better idea of, like, what's at stake. how about some questions that were kind of still left with after watching the season? there are quite a bit. number one, we're speaking of Mallory. you know, what is she? who is she? is she a descended the supreme? she's a supreme, you know. now she, is she more than a Supreme? is she an angel? is she descendant? we know she's a descendant from Salem, supposedly. is she descended from, like, Scottish that we've seen in Roanoke? is she seems more powerful than just a normal supreme. I want to believe that she's related to scabbit. but we got nothing on that. one line on that would have been cool. nothing. another question we have, do we have any idea who was in the rubber man suit? nope. and since we don't, we can just go with tape. Langdon just keep taping the suit thing, unless they tell us otherwise. I do remember hearing reading interview with with Cody fern, and he's talking about, you know what Michael Langdon can control? he can kind of control the demons, Satan's demons, and that he can kind of, you know, push people to make the horrible decisions, like he didn't kill, he didn't kill gallant, or he didn't have gallant kill Evie. he kind of just pushed him into that area. but, okay, so who is the physical transfer manifestation of rubber man? we know it's rubber suit. we know it wasn't because I got blamed in him. so power, he never had the power to bring someone just like a mirage, or make a ghost or anything pop. which is weird. which is weird to included nets in that episode because, you know, we saw Michael Lincoln as a younger kid in the murder house, wearing the suit. so it would lead, to lead you to believe that, you know, that was him in that suit whose mourning numerous times and [ __ ] tormented and killed people with it. explain, Michael. explain also. what's going on the murder house? I guess we can assume that, you know, Tate and violet, they're not together. it's their back to the old days after everything was reversed. you know, Constance didn't die, although I do think that Constance probably would have died in the murder house, that she could join the spirits there eventually. she just wouldn't have committed suicide. so soon, she will eventually die in the murder house to stay with her family and all spirits there. Moyer didn't get a chance to meet with her mom and then go off and get out the Murder House. and, yeah, Tate and violet not, they have not reconciled. you know, violet does not want to talk to tape. and does this ruin the Tate Redemption arc that we had to I was never in on the tape. yeah. okay. I'm sorry. just going to Kate that updates. a horrible, horrible entity, a horrible spirit. I never was on Team Tate. so let that be known. all right. I'm for that. not even I could create something as monstrous, its evil as you. you stay away from me. okay, let's talk about Timothy and Emily real quick. what was going on there? what was their purpose? and I do mean this now, looking back late, was just like a Rick and Morty episode. and Rick was right, Murphy, there's a little robot. what is my purpose? you pass butter. so they're the devil's back-up plan. that's it. yeah. but this still doesn't make any sense online, like the videos in his shoes. and he can just decide that two normal people, any two normal people, would then have the conceived the offspring of his bond. yeah. I mean, I get it. like, under the logic, under the logic of what we learned in Murder House, the prophecy that we heard about the Antichrist, about a spirit and a human conceiving the Antichrist when they're inside the murder house, a literal portal into hell, I get it. yeah, the Antichrist should be born in that situation. but two people walking, I don't even know where they are, Santa Monica. Santa Monica Boulevard has had a coffee shop, and they fall in love and give birth to the Antichrist. that so genes, the special genes. oh, so they're genetic 23andme said, hey, you have a 99% chance of giving birth to the Antichrist. go ahead have sex. final question, is the apocalypse avoidable from what it looks like? it's never avoidable that it looks like this, constantly good and evil, always fighting, always battling. even Mallory says that at the end, it always continued. he'll never Satan will never stop. he you might get the better of him one day, but then he'll come right back. and, you know, okay, find a new couple to have his child. do you see it? do you see a situation where Ryan Murphy uses the apocalypse, maybe comes back to the apocalypse to, once and for all, end the American Horror Story on FX run? and then, you know, it might change when he goes to Netflix, part of his Netflix deal. but at least for the FX run of ten seasons, much Jeff. come back one more yeah, I need a lot of cocoa canes involved. and then finally, by the apocalypse is just done. I don't know, it just blows up the writers room and down in Hollywood. okay, now, where is this season ranked the rest of American Horror Story? give me your top five. okay, it's hard to rank these seasons. there are a lot of good ones, just there are some bad ones. um, number five, I have freakshow. number four, apocalypse, three, coven to murder house. and number one is Asylum. those are my top five American Horror Story seasons. how about you? okay, alright. for me, number five is cult. as the years go on, it's gonna get better, just like wine, trust me. and then I'll slide it in apocalypse. mm-hmm. and number four, number three, Roanoke, because, I mean that, I'm sorry, that seasons just bonkers. I loved it too, Kevin. and then one, Murder House. guys, let us know your top five in the comments below. we'd love to see what you guys think are the best and worst seasons of American Horror Story. so hit us up with your top five in the comments below. I predict in the future, years from now, when we talk about apocalypse, mm, everyone's just gonna say, that's the Cody firm, and that's the, you know, the Antichrist season of the show. and it kind of reminds me her. so, like I'll drop a drag race reference for everyone in here, if he is the violet chachki this season it. let me explain a little bit. Season seven is one of the best seasons. not the best, it's not the best season, but you got so many favorite characters in there, and you also have so many lines and memorable moments. this is what I think of in apocalypse, so many good lines. and when it comes to like drag race and violet chachki, you probably never heard that name before. you have never seen an episode of drag race in your entire life, but you come across this gif or video before City Roller. all right, as we wrap this up, let's talk about some very early, very premature predictions for the ninth season of American Horror Story. now, we know that FX has renewed a 9th and 10th season of American Horror Story, but we have no idea what its gonna be about. um, it'll probably most likely involve horror. involve horror. mm-hmm. be fun, be scary, be over-the-top. these Center Paulson will be there, be funny. and it'll probably air around the fall of 2019. they like to do this every fall. what do you think, when do you think it'll be set? do you think it'll be set in the future? didn't going to go back in time and more period. do you think it's gonna be in space on, you know, where's, where do you see this go? could be cool. space. could be cool. but they gotta have a great budget, because at the same time they stick them in a bunch of just random rodents where you just see the outside of space for some [ __ ]. I'm gonna go in the same it happened my way, the ages of shield. they're one season when they're in space, and just felt claustrophobic the entire time. I really feel they're gonna go back, back, back, back, back, back, and go away, back piece and give us some nice costumes. I really feel they're just gonna try to separate themselves a little bit, like they do almost every season. I've also read online that a lot of people are into the idea of an alien presence in the next season. you can do another crossover. if you can put in Cylon meat. make this assignment to where I was going with, yeah, asylum. we know we were introduced to some of the extraterrestrials in asylum. it would be cool to kind of get that. but in the u.s. in our present world, or, you know, in the 1950s, 60s and the a live, it may be like I they live kind of thing where the aliens come down, the only a few people realize what the hell is going on. yeah. or maybe like a area51 thriller with horror involved and government, government cover-ups. remember Ryan Murphy? just think of the cat. you got to think, okay, he's got a hat. you know what I want? this what I want, over the top. over-the-top campy meets x-files horror. okay, okay. you know, they could just go forward with their Madison behold story. just do the spin-off there. would be amazing. I would definitely watch that. they can follow aliens and try night. just try Madison and be whole. just go from haunted house the haunted house, and just try to communicate with the spirits. that's all I really want. I mean, that would be incredible. they just go house hunting, basically. they just, like, find good houses to flip for a profit. and they also just talk to the spirits there and have, like, just hangout sessions with them. Congrats on your new home, please. Ryan Murphy, behold Madison spin-off. yes, please. and let's leave you with this. you know, I like going on Ryan Murphy's Instagram. mhm. and Ryan Murphy posted this photo of three familiar faces that you would recognize from American Horror Story. that is Cody fern, Darren Criss and Finn whit rock. now he said that he is, quote, cooking up something good for these three. I am just fingers crossed that it is American Horror Story, because we've seen all their faces on the road in our story. we'll watch crime as well. but if its horror story doesn't confirm that the Antichrist is back, but at least Cody fern, a new face from this year, will be back in doing a new role in in the show. I'm all for a dandy Mott, is he coming back as something - no, of course not. Danny was messed up. that's not happening. we're Sarah Paulsen, is she gonna play all these kids? oh yeah, same time. so, yeah. Paulsen. Paulson and Evan Peters. Paulson and Evan Peters, are Xuan's. regardless though, they'll be heavily involved. and I expect her to definitely, probably direct another episode as well. mm-hmm. and maybe even Peters wants to get behind the camera, but and Kathy Bates. and Kathy Bates will be back. I mean, hopefully. I love seeing Billy Porter. I love seeing all these faces year after year. and that's one of the great things about this, and seeing where these actors take these characters and kind of create their own spin on them. you know, it never gets old. as one son, but my sisters are the l\xc3\xa9gion mother [ __ ]. guys, let us know. any other questions and hear the thoughts of what you had on season 8. we look forward to reading what you guys think. and also, we're gonna go back and then start recapping previous seasons. are you ready for this? starting with asylum. I think we're gonna start with, jump into the xylem. so any ideas you guys have for asylum? let us know in the comments below. also, go check out that stew shirt. you know, you need something for the holidays. hey, Angie, 