[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy who's been living la vida loki. and whilst we wait for season two, i thought we'd re-examine the ending of the marvel show one more time. you daft punk. now, the finale culminated with loki and sylvie arriving at the citadel which existed at the end of time. here they met he who remains, who gave them a choice. they could either take over the position or destroy him and nurse usher in a world of timelines in which an infinite amount of his evil variants would rise up. sylvie chose to do the latter, and because of this, she's been ranked amongst the likes of star lord and boris johnson when it comes to making good decisions. the internet naturally took it very well, and none of the writers received any hate or abuse on twitter. and now by that, i mean they did. and though i didn't initially think that it was the right choice, over the last couple of weeks, the more i've thought about it, the more that i think it was. on top of this, i actually believe that he who remains knew she would do this and that he purposely made her believe she had free will when it was always going to go his way. now in order to argue why sylvie might have been right, i think we have to discuss who she is as a character. sylvie lived a relatively normal life in asgard, until one day she was plucked from the time stream by the tva and put on trial. we never learned what her nexus event was, and the character doesn't even know it herself. it seemed completely unfair and unjust, and because of this, it laid a hatred within the character very early on. selby managed to escape the hearing, and she spent the rest of her life on the run, hiding out at the end of apocalypses, whilst the tva hunted her. throughout the series, she said she didn't have one positive memory before meeting loki, and this speaks to how miserable her life was. as we know as guardians can live for thousands of years, and who knows how many days sylvie spent looking over her shoulder in constant fear that the tva would catch her selfie knows first hand what it's like to be the enemy of the organization, and how much misery that it can lead to. it's clear that because of this, she would never be someone who would head up the tva. they are fascists, and throughout our own history we've seen as organizations like this have tried to stamp down other ways of life. you would never expect the oppressed to join them and then make others suffer the same way that they have. it would actually show a character flaw rather than a strength, which i believe that sylvie's choice demonstrates. even if silvi wanted the tva to act humanely, there's simply no way to wipe someone from existence on the off chance that they might lead to an evil variant of kang even with the best intentions selfie's tva would inevitably fall into either enlisting or exterminating people in case they led to something worse down the line. the tva agents themselves don't seem to have much of a life, and they're pretty much slaves that don't get paid or given the choice of how they want to live their lives. mobius. and mobius constantly yearns just to ride a jet ski, but he'll never get the chance as long as he's there, because of this, we know he who remains was using fear to control people, and he pretty much made it so it was either his way or the highway. he who remains even scares loki into thinking that the pair should take over, even though the both of them went there to take the tva down. now another point that i want to bring up is that the situation they find themselves in isn't sylvie's fault. it's kang's. now had kang not turned out to be one of the worst tyrants of all time, then the tva would never need to be created, and the multiversal war wouldn't happen. the famous saying is, we should never negotiate with terrorists. and though they aren't trying to make deals with kang, it's clear the tva are saying certain people shouldn't live their lives just because of him. you can't live in fear of what might happen. and if you restrict yourself and the way you live because it might lead to someone acting evil, then you've already lost whilst they've won. there's really no positive outcome for this. and either countless lives are lost because kang rises up and starts a war, or they're lost because the tva pruned people. both situations are bad, but in the former, at least people will have free will and can make choices, which i'll talk about in just a bit. now, killing he remains means that a resistance can at least meet kang. and judging by the way that the mcu has gone so far, i do think that we will see a multiversal war, but that the good guys will come out of it triumphant. it's better to fight for what you believe in than to bow before a dictator. and i love how this show tackles deep messages like this. now, if you're enjoying the video and the arguments so far, then i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. also, don't forget to subscribe, as we do deep dives on a lot of marvel shows and movies. i'd love to have you as part of the family. you might even be my variant, my brother from another mother or sister. and if you are, then maybe we should kiss. now, sorry, i'm moving on. that's inappropriate. now, moving on, we should, we should look at the themes of the show, namely the one of free will versus conformity. throughout we've watched as those in positions of power have tried to force loki and silvi to see things from their point of view. and they've completely removed the choice for them to live their lives the way that they want. sylvie killing he who remains and demonstrating that she has free will, whilst allowing the multiverse to spring forth, very much shows that the series airs on the side of choice rather than oppression. salvi is giving the entire multiverse the choice to do what they want. and because of this, she will have saved trillions of lives that would have been destroyed by the tva. now, as i touched upon earlier, i do actually think that this was all part of he who remains master plan. as we learn in the show, time is a flat circle. and should a multiversal war happen, then a variant of kang will rise up to oppose this. this character will then go on to become he who remains, a man that prunes all of the branches of the timeline until there's just one. from this sylvie and lucky will rise once more, and they will go to stop him, which will start the entire cycle all over again. who knows? how many times this entire thing has happened beforehand. but i very much think that he remains wanted things to go a certain way so that he could die and pretty much restart the entire process all over again. everything we see is all part of his master plan. and this would explain why he has a script up to a certain point that details everything that's going to happen throughout time. he could just keep constantly passing the script to himself over and over and over again, ensuring that everything we see happens forever. as this will always lead to a version of kang being in control. though he says he's doing it to stop other variants from ruling, he himself is very much ruling over the entire multiverse. and though he seems like a nice guy on the surface, he's as bad as the corrupt and evil monsters that he claims to be fighting. therefore, in the end, when we weigh it all up, i do think that sylvie was in the right and that she was correct in removing him from power. here was a woman who had been on the run since she was a girl, and had things in the show being framed slightly differently then she would very much be the hero of this story. the multiversal war is coming, but with that is the hope that the marvel characters will be able to defeat kang without he who remains rising up. and that will, no doubt lead to a better future. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on this video, and whether you disagree with sylvie's actions, or you know, you think she did the right thing, comment below and let me know. and just to let you know, we're currently running a competition right now and giving away three mcu box sets on the 30th of july. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the video. we picked the comments at random at the end of the month, and the winners of the last one are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of kang and all of the variants that we could be seeing in the mcu. we've made a very comprehensive video about his origins, powers and which of our favorites, we think will be popping up. so definitely go watch it right after this. without the way, thank you for sending through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 