what would you do if you were locked in a home with a blind special forces operator trying to kill you? would you be able to outsmart him, or possibly kill him? in this video, i will show you how to beat the blind man in don't breathe. rocky here is trying to make as much money as she can so she can move away to a nicer area. she meets with her partner and they talk about a veteran that lives alone and has a lot of cash. they then scout out the house and see the veteran walking his dog. they also notice that he is blind, and think the robbery just got a whole lot easier. when they saw him, they should have noticed that he looks to be in good shape. they should also know that he probably has multiple guns and may sleep with one, especially because he is blind and a former special forces operator. that night, they arrive at the man's house. when they try to open the front door, they see he has four locks. they have the key to the man's house, so when they see the extra locks, they should know this guy means business. they try the side door, but it's locked. so they break into the house through a window. rocky quickly shuts off the alarm before it goes off. if this man is blind, breaking through glass is not the smartest idea, but luckily the veteran didn't hear it. they search the home for the money. when this guy enters the veterans room, he tries to fill it with sleeping gas. when the veteran sits up, the veteran goes back to bed. and the group sees a locked door. they try to break the lock, but can't. so this guy takes his gun and shoots the lock. okay, if the veteran is still sleeping, this is for sure going to wake him up. also, when the burglar filled the room with sleeping gas, he didn't even bother to block the door. the blind man shows up, and they quietly try to back away. the burglar then shoots a warning shot for him to stay back, but the blind man easily disarms him. the blind man asks him if there is anyone else, and the burglar says no. the man then shoots and kills him. alex is walking down the hallway when the man appears and locks the doors and boards up all the windows. rocky sees the veteran enter the code to the safe. when he leaves rocky and alex open the safe and grab the bundles of cash. the blind man takes the dead body and they try to find an escape. with all the windows and doors blocked, they resort to looking in the dark basement. while in the basement, a girl jumps out at them, and she is tied up. they are horrified and realize the blind man is a psycho too. upstairs, the veteran feels around and realized there are more people in the house. the girl shows them that she killed the veteran's daughter, and he is using her for his sick plan. they are directed to a safe that has the keys to the girl's chains. rocky and alex open the safe and release the tied up girl. doing this is not smart, but i would want someone to help me if i was tied up. it will be difficult to find an escape with three people because of more noise and less room. the veteran opens the basement door right in front of them. he shoots and misses alex and rocky, but kills the girl he has tied up. the blind man shuts the lights off, so alex and rocky are just as blind as him. the man knows the layout of the basement, and he starts to shoot at anything he hears. he finds alex and tries to shoot him, but the gun is out of ammunition. alex escapes the veteran's grasp and tries to find rocky. this basement is filled with things to throw. they could take something off the shelf and throw it, so the veteran gets distracted. this would buy them some time and allow them to escape. alex and rocky escape the basement and run into a bedroom. but the veteran is not far behind. the veteran starts to break down the door. when alex and rocky see a vent they can climb in. rocky makes it into the vent, but when the man breaks down the door, his dog charges alex and knocks him through the window, and he lands on more glass. the dog then climbs into the vent and almost reaches rocky, but she is able to drop into a shaft. if the dog is able to push alex through the window, i would take something in the room, break the glass and jump out of it. also, they still haven't picked up anything to use as a weapon. alex looks up, and the blind man shoots at him, but breaks the glass. below him. alex gets up and makes his way through the home, trying to set off the alarm. the veteran hears him and starts to shoot at alex, but he makes it into the washing room. the veteran tracks him there, but alex finally takes a weapon and knocks the gun out of his hands. the man easily overpowers alex, but luckily, the washer turns on, buying him some time. alex just sits there. so when the veteran stops the washer, he proceeds to beat alex even more. rocky gets pulled out of the vent and gets knocked out. when she wakes up, she is tied up like the previous girl. the man tells her his sick plan. he says that rocky will give birth to his kids because the previous tied up girl died with his kids. alex is still alive and searches the home for rocky. at this point, it's everyone for themselves. after all that's happened, would try to leave and forget about this place for the rest of my life. the veteran takes his glue and tries to impregnate rocky, but alex knocks him down and frees rocky. they make it to the front door when alex gets killed by the man. but luckily, rocky escapes. the veteran sends his dog after rocky, and she runs away. she makes it into her car right before the dog reaches her, but the keys are nowhere to be found. rocky is able to trap the dog in the car, but when she steps out, she is knocked out by the veteran. he drags her back to his house and drops her body next to alex's dead body. smartly, she sets off the alarm and is able to hit the man with her crowbar. one final hit sends the veteran tumbling down, and she is able to escape with the money. when she is talking with her sister, she sees on the news that the veteran is still alive. that is how the movie ends. let me know what you would do if a blind special forces operator was trying to kill you. if you enjoy this content, feel free to check out my other videos. 