[Music] during a raid in the Middle East. in 1997, Lee Unwin, a probationary secret agent, sacrifices himself to save his team. blaming himself, Harry Hart, codenamed Galahad, delivers a medal for valor to Lee's Widow, Michelle and his young son, eggsy, saying that if they ever need help, they should call the phone number on the back of the metal. 17 years later, professor James Arnold is kidnapped by internet billionaire and philanthropist Richmond Valentine. one of Hart's fellow agents, Lancelot, attempts to rescue single-handed, but is killed by gazelle Valentine's hench woman, who wears prosthetic legs that are specially sharpened to double up as blades. Valentine secretly meets with various powerful individuals, some of whom go missing afterwards. he also announces a giveaway of SIM cards granting free cellular and Internet access forever to everyone in London. eggsy is now an unemployed young adult living with his mother, infant half-sister and abusive stepfather, Dean. despite being highly intelligent and capable, he left training for the Royal Marines and lives the aimless life of a stereotypical chap arrested for stealing a car. eggsy calls the number on the metal. heart has been released and tells eggsy about his father. he was an agent of Kingsman, an independent international intelligence agency founded in 1919 by wealthy British individuals who had lost their heirs in the first world war. with Lancelot's death, the agency has a vacancy as Hart's choice. eggsy joins the other hand-picked candidates, including a woman named Roxy, whom he befriends. training is overseen by Merlin, a senior Kingsman. the rigorous selection process leads eggsy and roxy at the final two candidates. eggsy fails the last test, which Roxy passes to become the new Lancelot. during this time, Merlin notes that Arnold is no longer missing. heart tries to extract information from the professor, but a chip implanted in Arnold's head explodes, killing him. heart is injured, escaping from unknown assailants. the signal that triggered the blast is traced to Valentine's Corporation. Hart poses as a billionaire and dines with Valentine to try to ascertain his plans, during which Valentine reveals that he knew Hart's true occupation beforehand, and ultimately spares him long enough for Valentine to learn more about Kings. Hart tracks Valentine to an obscure hate groups Church in Kentucky, United States, where Hart realizes too late that this is a trap. Valentine uses his SIM cards to broadcast a tone that causes everyone in the church to become uncontrollably violent. a comical brawl to the death erupts, during which Hart massacres most of the people in the church, leaving him as the only survivor. eggsy Merlin and Chester King, codenamed Arthur Kingsman leader, watched via video link separately. afterward, Valentine shoots Hart in the head, seemingly killing Hart. when eggsy goes to sea Arthur, he notices that Arthur has a scar behind his ear, just like Valentine's other converts. Arthur pours eggsy brandy containing a poison, which is activatable that eggsy distracts Arthur and switches the glasses before they drink. Arthur explains Valentine's views before he realizes this humanity is akin to a virus, and global warming is the Earth's equivalent of a fever. Valentine intends to broadcast his neurological wave worldwide to cause a massive culling of the human race, to rescue it from extinction. only those who Valentine deems worthy of living, his allies, who have protective microchips implanted in their heads and the VIPs he kidnapped, will be spared. shortly afterwards, Arthur activates the poison. when eggsy refuses to join his side, unwittingly killing himself, unsure whom to trust. Merlin decides that he exeunt Roxy must stop Valentine on their own. Roxy rides a high-altitude balloon into the stratosphere to disrupt Valentine's impending broadcast by destroying one of his satellites. while eggsy and Merlin infiltrate Valentine's Mountain bunker complex in Argentina. Roxy downs the satellites that Valentine gets a business contact to replace it, then activates the signal, which requires his constant palm print, causing worldwide violence. eggsy is recognized and engages in a running shootout with Valentine's henchmen eventually both he and Merlin are cornered separately. but at eggsy suggestion, Merlin hacks into Valentine system and causes the implants to explode, killing Valentine, henchman and every convert when their heads explode, except Valentine and gazelle, neither of whom carried implants. eggsy manages to successfully kill gazelle after a fierce and intense fight with her. then Spears Valentine with the sharpened tip of gazelles prosthetic leg. Valentine falls to the ground floor where he eventually dies. the signal is cut off, ending the worldwide carnage. in a mid credit scene, eggsy, now a Kingsman agent, offers his mother and half-sister a new home away from Dean, who flatly objects to eggsy suggestion. eggsy then dispatches him in exactly the same manner that Hart dealt with one of Dean's henchmen earlier. 