[Music]. before we begin, let me start by saying i am insanely biased towards this movie. you are about to witness the biggest puff of smoke that has ever been blown up a movie's ass. if you do not wish to witness this, you are more than welcome to take your somewhere else. well, i'm sure your opinion will still not be valued. the stars of our movie today are dead jerky friend from e.t, karate kid, billy from st. almost five. sam, wait, i'm ashamed to say that i have not seen any other matt dylan films, the jock from the breakfast club and maverick. let's just say, no sexy mother was left off the payroll. our story begins not when the original movie did, because we ain't about that incomplete novel. [ __ ]. we're going all the way, little bits. our story begins with this fella, ponyboy, curtis, at the end of our story, but writing the beginning of our story to recall everything that's about to happen, slash, already has happened. and that story begins with pony, who is a paul greaser, walking home from the movies and being harassed by these wealthy teenage apples called socials, and these khaki class ring wearing [ __ ] who look like their names are cody, dylan, tucker and kyle jump our boy in his own neighborhood. no offense to any actual persons named any names. i just said, best thing about being jumped in your neighborhood is the neighborhood jump back bit. that's right. run back to your care and mama's [ __ ]. no offense to any mama's named karen. wish i had hot older brothers like dairy and soda pop to beat the hell out of people for me. no offense to any brothers named after a soft drink. then all had some classic broke fella dialogue for a bit. you know, hey, just got out of jail the other day, and we gonna find that guy to pick up your face and take out his ass. and how about we sneak into a movie tomorrow night? and i might join you all at the movie if i'm not too drunk. good times. so the next day, pony sneaks into a movie with his buddies, johnny and dally, where dally ends up hitting on this wealthy redhead named cherry. and because the d in dallas stands for delinquent, he starts acting a fool to get cherry's attention and then make some rude joke about how she must have bozo pubes. no, he really do that. chair gets all pissed, and then dalla gets all pissed. and then it's just pony and johnny sitting and talking to these hotties. then that buddy two [ __ ] shows up with his drunk then pony and cherry go to get some snackies. they better be getting some damn twizzlers and coca-cola. then cherry talk some [ __ ] about how everybody's got it hot everywhere, even the socials, because having mommy and daddy fling money and cars at you before you even have a job has not been easy. and pony just looks at her like the next book he's gonna write will be titled harry potter and the audacity of this broad. no offense to any women's named broad. no, lord. the spawns are carrying her back, and they looking a little tipsy. chair heads back home with these [ __ ] bob and randy just went pony in the game. we're getting ready to break their foot off, and i can't get wearing ass. later that night, pony and johnny head to an empty lot, where johnny says, there's got to be some place where it don't matter if you're broke as hell or richer than a cheesecake, a place where everyone likes you no matter where you're from, and you can have it your way. then pony says, they have that. it's called burger king. then they fall asleep, and pony wakes up knowing that they're gonna wear that out for being out too late. then a little family argument, and pony runs away from home. so pony goes back to johnny and says, come on, johnny, we're going to burger king. but there ain't no damn burger king. and they show don't let you smoke there. then guess who shows up? oh yeah, them drunken boys who took cherry home. and apparently they think that pony is a seahorse. and on a cold and gray oklahoma night, a shitty, rich kid gets stabbed in a fight in the ghetto. now bob is dead, d-e-d dead, but apparently he ain't that dead. because he's still breathing. sit, sit. coppola is a great director, but for some reason he could never tell people to hold their breath when they're supposed to be deceased. now, what the hell are these two poor bastards gonna do now? well, when you become a criminal, the best person to ask for advice is another criminal. so they go to ask dally what to do, and he says, all right, you're gonna take this piece and this toe and hop on a train bound for nowhere. then you're gonna walk for a couple miles on foot. after you in the country, you're gonna hide out in a church. after a few weeks, when everything blows over, i'll come meet you there. and while you're there, pray to god for forgiveness for [ __ ] sake. after they get to the church, they get a whole bunch of snacks and playing cards. it's like a field trip, but with homicide involved. and johnny buys pony a copy of gone with the wind to help pass the time. well, that would be the book for it. i started that book eight years ago and still haven't finished it because i don't read enough. but that's beside the point. one morning, pony and johnny have this deep conversation about life and how they want to stay gold. and people always be saying, stay golden on the internets is stay gold. stay gold means like when life starts, it's like a cracked egg and the yolk comes out all round and gold. then some come along and scramble yours and fry you up and eat you for breakfast. so you should stay like the yolk, all gold. and that's what they saying. after a few days, dally comes to get them and they all go to get some drive-in food. and of course, it wouldn't be a coppola movie without him fitting his fam damily in it. here's a sofia coppola. look at her, just biting her time, waiting to be a grown woman so she can pickle her cousin and make one of my favorite trilogies, suck. right at the tail end of it, while we're throwing out some trivia, did you know that ralph macchio was 42 in this movie? no, i'm just playing. but if i hadn't said something, you wouldn't have known. a bit. old as hell. still look like he in utero. anywho, they go back to the church, for some reason, where a bunch of dumbest kids started playing in it. on this particular day, right after johnny left, a cigarette lit in that flammable, but these are good to link with, so they going to save them. it's okay. all these years of smoking, of training them for this moment. and do any of the kids get hurt? no, but johnny does. now johnny's in critical condition, and ponies back home, and the greasers are getting ready to break their foot off in a vastly jacket wearing ass. roses are red, violets are blue. kickings hurt when daddy's money can't save you. after the fight, daley rushes pony to the hospital because johnny is dying. and johnny tells pony to stay gold like that egg yolk we talked about earlier. and then he goes on to the omelet in the sky. and as tough as dally is, he's still got a soft spot for his buddy, so he goes all crazy and gets himself in trouble. and he calls the boys to ask him if they can hide him. now, all joking aside, i am a firm believer that dalla did this because he didn't want to live anymore, and he wanted his friends to be there when he died. and i've read this book 12 times and seen the movie over 100 times. i don't know, the hell with the haters. i think it's beautiful. but on the upside, ponies let off the hook for bob's murder and left with his brothers. that's gotta count for something. pony finds a note from johnny that says, dear pony, i'm glad i done did what i done did and save them kids. and jeff was right. life is like a new golden yolk. tell dally life is worth living and that there's a lot of good in the world. and since, you know, i wrote this while he was still alive, i'm not crying. you crying. and now we're back where our story begins, with this fellow ponyboy, curtis, at the end of our story, but right in the beginning of our story, to recall everything that's about to happen, slash, already has happened, which technically means you can watch this movie on repeat and get stuck in a perpetual outsider's timeline. and that is the coolest [ __ ] thing about this movie the end. be sure to like, share and subscribe for your regular yoga. meth. and a special thank you to all these lovely patrons. m.i.e, maria t michelle w college. donny b, roscrees, fat cat, sylvia, kelly, s evil, katrina. a, tina d, bethany c, kyro s, robert d, david m, christine k o n, m elena s chupacabra f kelly l ptf j, melanie m, anonymous. bh, allison, l autumn m and grady. oh, i hope you all enjoyed this video. it's one of my favorite movies, and i really wanted to do it. justice for more is explained. for i'm jeb. stay gold to die. love you muffins. 