welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and you're now locked into the channel where we break down all the latest movies, games, TV shows and comic books. this episode, we're covering the ending of the new horror movie, the lighthouse, as well as the real-life story that inspired it. throughout this video, we'll be recapping the main events of the movie, as well as what the ending truly means and our thoughts on the film. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the lighthouse yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. make sure you like it. you'll like it cuz I said ul I'm sorry. I'm sorry. let's get another breakdown. five weeks due days. help me to recollect. the lighthouse centers around two characters that been tasked with manning a lighthouse on a desolate island located far away from civilization. you watch is both descend into madness and the effects of living in isolation with someone that you come to hate. the movie chronicles the characters going stir-crazy. and from the off, it's breathtaking to behold. now before we get into the plot fully, we need to discuss the characters themselves in order to fully understand their actions and why they eventually choose to do what they do. first up is Thomas wake, played by Willem Dafoe. wake is a superstitious, untrusting character that we learn throughout the movie worships the light of the lighthouse on a fanatical level. and if anyone is the bad guy in this film, then it's definitely him. Wake is an established lighthouse keeper that's pretty much the embodiment of the supervisor at work that takes their job far too seriously. due to his power and status, he's borderline abusive to those beneath him. and because of this, Ephraim Winslow, who also works at the lighthouse, really struggles to put up with him. Efram himself is the complete opposite of wake, and instead believes that the superstition that way carries is just a bunch of tall tales. throughout his life, Ephraim has drifted from job to job, and able to find something that really gets its hooks into him. and because of this, he finds it difficult to respect his superiors and those around him. Ephraim hates work due to the sheer boredom that is created by living on a desolate Island. slowly slips away into fantasies, paranoia and delusions. if anyone is the eye of the viewer, then it's ephraim, and we watch the majority of the movie from his perspective, seeing island life is almost torturous and unforgiving. slowly, ephraim begins to fantasize about mermaid as well as seagulls that seemed to torment him throughout the film. there's clear allusions to the raven from the Edgar Allan Poe story, with the latter bird constantly pestering the character. but the real torment from Winslow comes from wake, who has a bipolar relationship with the character. there's a real sense of dread and atmosphere to the entire piece, but dotted throughout a massive moments of humor that add levity to the horror. and slow descent into madness that we watch the characters go through. you really don't know whether the characters will be at each other's throats or dancing in each other's arms. and these constant mood swings had attention to the work that really makes it Utley unpredictable. winds slow throughout, is made to do all of the jobs that Wake doesn't want - such as painting the side of the lighthouse, taking out human excrement. and you can really see the character started a test wake, especially when he has ambitions of looking after the light, something that Wake is very protective over. during the movie, there are scenes dotted throughout we're awake almost seems sexually attracted to the light, and he worships it like a deity, refusing to allow any others to go near it due to his inability to gain access to it. Winslow becomes obsessed with it and also the only thing in his way, which is wake. though awake on the surface seems to be respectable, as a far darker side to him. and about the midpoint of the movie, he purposely gets Winslow blind drunk, so that they missed their ride home in the morning. way, comes across as a very duplicitous character. but this darker side is also reflected in Winslow, who we discover is actually named Thomas Howard, a man that has a bad reputation and has drifted from job to job. Howard stole Winslow's identity after he may or may not have caused his death during his prior work position. and though we don't ever get confirmation of whether Howard is a killer or not, personally, I believe that he is, due to the events that happen later in the movie, this identity revealed drives a massive wedge between the two. and the surroundings of the lighthouse really add to their paranoia and distrust. do you deny there really being able to tell what time it is, how long they've been there for, how long they have left, and who is hiding what? it's also difficult for audience members to decide who is in the right and who is in the wrong. and because of this, the film becomes a spiral into unnerving territory. now, the thing that really sends their relationship over the edge comes in the finale, when Howard discovers that Wake has secretly been keeping records on his insubordination, which Howard believes will lead to him being fired for incompetence and therefore not getting paid. angered by this and the pressure of living together. the two come to blows, and during the fist fight, Wake seems to change his appearance several times. for his final trick, Wake apparently transforms into a man that is half human and half octopus. this is the sea god Proteus, who is the son of poseidon that possesses shape-shifting abilities. and if this actually happens, it explains how he was able to take the form of Wake he from and the mermaid. now this could all be in Howard's mind, but whatever the case, it's clear that he believes it is happening. the movie from this point really takes on a mystical side to it that has many allusions to Grecian gods. and after Howard manages to kill awake during a counter-attack, he finally gains access to the light. though we never see what Howard learns from this, it clearly dismisses him. and in the final few moments of the movie, we do get some closure on his fate. in the end, we see Howard wake up on the shore with his body and intestines being picked out by the seagulls that taunted him throughout the movie. this is similar to the Grecian character, Prometheus, who stole fire from the gods and gifted it to humans. as punishment, he was put in bondage and had his intestines picked out every day by birds, before they grew back the next day and he was forced to go through the torment. again, similar to prometheus, Howard wishes to steal the power of the lighthouse for himself. and the entire film can be seen as a metaphor for a power struggle between man and God. throughout Howard covets the light, but it's consistently stopped by his ruler, Wake, who refuses to share the power. because Howard disobeys this, he is punished, similar to prometheus. and due to time on the island becoming an almost abstract concept, Howard may have to go through this every day for eternity. but what is in the light? well, when discussing the ending of the film, Robert Eggers, the director, said the following, when you're looking at that light, you're communing with something that's not human, that's beyond human, that's eternal. so this adds some way to both characters obsession with it, and why eventually drove them to the brink of insanity. they both wanted to be part of a never ending aspect of the universe, and thus became fixated on it. however, only wake, the quote-unquote God of the island, had the ability to behold it, to do his power. and thus Howard was punished to endless torment because of his inability to stick to the rules. we've seen this motif in multiple myths over the years, whether it be Eve coveting an apple in the Garden of Eden, or Prometheus stealing fire from the gods. whatever the case, it reminds us that we should be careful what we wish for, because if we manage to get it, there may be disastrous consequences. but what about the real-life inspiration behind the movie? well, I'd be remiss for not mentioning that the film is clearly based on the plan and lighthouse disappearances that happen in December 1900. this involved the vanishing of three lighthouse keepers who all mysteriously disappeared without a trace. the keepers, made up of Thomas Marshall, James ducat and Donald MacArthur, were all positioned on Flannan Island to Man the lighthouse. but when their relief vessel arrived at the island to pick them up, they were nowhere to be seen. the last log mentioned bad weather conditions and that the lighthouse wasn't working, but there was absolutely no indication of what could have happened or where they might have went. those certain parts of the island were damaged, they were noted in the log long before their disappearances, and therefore it was not likely to have led to their banishing. it's one of our biggest unsolved mysteries, and to this day, there's no clear answer as to what happened. whilst they did no bad weather, there was nothing on record to indicate that any storms had been in the area during the time of their last entry. and because of this, there exists several conspiracy theories that range from alien abductions to giant sea birds that carried them away. the most likely theory is that they were swept out to sea when trying to secure a box. but many believe that they turned on one another and had a fight at the edge of the cliff that led to them all falling into the sea and drowning. we may never learn what happened, but it's a fascinating tale that definitely led to the lighthouse being so unnerving. but what did I think of the film overall? well, as I'm sure you can guess, I found it in thrall II, and it completely creeped me out at several moments. there isn't really a likable character here. and because of this, he left with a film that makes you want to see the main players go through hell. film delivers on this. and whilst the tension in the movie is at fever pitch for majority, there are still moments of levity that elevate this above most modern horrors. the lighthouse is a stylistic masterpiece that, due to its framing an aesthetic, feels akin to older, classic horrors that have stood the test of time, as I'm sure the lighthouse, no doubt will. this is a classic, and from the intro, quickly cement itself as one of the best and most unique films of the air. though it won't be for everyone to you its tone and atmosphere, the performances here are incredible, and it's a nail-biting movie that will stick with you long after you leave with the air. I absolutely love the lighthouse, and because of that, it gets a solid 8 out of 10. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the lighthouse. and if you liked it as much as I did, comment below and let me know your interpretation of the film. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the hidden countdown in the background of Joker. we went over all of the secret numbers in the movie, so it's definitely worth checking out if you missed them and want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which will be linked in the description below. those are the best ways to keep up to date with all the latest videos on the channel. so hopefully I see you over on one of them soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase three, part one box out blu-ray, which contains Civil War, Doctor, Strange homecoming, Thor, Ragnarok and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the lighthouse in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of November, and the set will be shipped out from the end. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 