a man is brutally attacked, shot in his spine and ends up in a wheelchair. his friend implants him a chip that allows him to walk again, but he doesn't tell him that we'll gain superpowers as well. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2018 sci-fi action titled upgrade. get ready for some spoilers. take a seat and enjoy. gray trace and his wife asha live in a futuristic house where virtually everything is controlled by technology. in a story that takes place in the far future. he works as a mechanic, while she is employed by a technology firm known as cobalt. gray transports asha to an undisclosed location in order to meet with his client, iran keen. iran demonstrates to gray and asha a new extremely sophisticated computer chip known as stem, which has the potential to be groundbreaking in the fields of science and medical research. gray and asha attempt to have a sexual encounter while driving home. since their vehicle drives itself, it seems that the vehicle has been hacked, so it makes a detour through gray's former neighborhood. on the way back to the home, two people are seriously wounded. when their vehicle crashes near a junkyard, four thugs, commanded by fisk, dragged them away from the scene. gray is being beaten down by the thugs as fist shoots asha, before another goon shoots grey in the spine. they abandon them while grey attempts to communicate with asha, who is slowly dying. gray is now a quadriplegic as a result of the accident. he spends a significant amount of time at his home recovering, while his mother, pamela, attempts to assist him in adjusting. gray also meets detective cortez, who is working on the case against the thugs who injured him and murdered asha. gray and cortez become fast friends. despite the fact that the police are working with surveillance video from drones that were flying above during the murder, they have received no leads as to who the perpetrators are. gray is subsequently contacted by euron, who offers him the opportunity to regain his ability to walk, in case if gray agrees to let him implant stem in his back. gray is adamantly opposed to the plan, until euron points him that asha would have wanted him to walk again. gray follows through with the operation, even signing a non-disclosure agreement to guarantee that he would not reveal the existence of stem to anyone else. as it turns out, he regains his motor abilities and is able to walk once again. he returns to his house without informing pamela about the breakthrough. gray soon begins to hear a voice speaking directly to him. stem turns out to be the culprit. in the beginning, gray is terrified, but stem quickly reassures him by being calm and eager to help. stem accesses the drone video from the murder, which reveals grey more concentrated pictures of the perpetrators than their surroundings. gray learns the fist shot asha using a pistol and planet in his hand, which he had concealed in his glove. stem tells grey that the video he has seen via stem will not be sufficient proof to bring the thugs to justice. gray attempts to contact cortes, but stem stops him. stem is then able to track down the whereabouts of one of the thugs called cirque by recognizing a tattoo on his wrist. gray tracks down cirque's home and infiltrates it. he is instructed by stem to examine the messages on cirque's computer table, which include many allusions to a pub in gray's former neighborhood known as old bones. cirque then comes back to his house where he easily locates grey. he begins to assault grey until he gives stem permission to take complete control. gray is able to avoid cirque strikes and hit him with pinpoint accuracy in return. then circ gets a knife and makes an attempt to stab gray, but gray snatches the knife and slices cirque's head from his lips to his ears, thus murdering him. gray throws up after understanding that he has just murdered a person. stem then assists grey in cleaning up the murder scene in order to erase any trace of his presence. euron meets with gray, after keeping an eye on stem's whereabouts. he is aware that gray was responsible for cirque's death, but gray claims that he never indicated that stem could communicate with him. gray is ordered not to pursue anybody else. after cirque's corpse is examined at the mortuary cortez examines more drone video captured by the camera. she notices grey passing by in his wheelchair, despite the fact that she pays him a visit to ask questions about what he was doing there. gray fabricates a narrative in order to avoid being arrested, despite the fact that being handicapped is an acceptable alibi. gray makes a surprise visit to old bones. he then addresses the whole bar, asking if anybody who was involved in his wife's death will come forward. one guy called tolen comes forward and confesses that he was present. gray is wheeled into a back room where tolan and a couple of other thugs attempt to hurt him. but stem intervenes and enables grey to be living crap out of them. he ties tollen to the ground and starts torturing him with a knife until he uncovers the identity of fisk. in the meanwhile, stem informs grey about iran's attempted manual shutdown of the computer system, which would leave grey immobile. once again. he provides gray with a location where he may contact a hacker called jamie, who would be able to reboot him. fisk arrives at the pub. hours later, after grace fled and discovers tolin's corpse, he sees gray reciting the location stem told him using memory video from a camera in tollen's eye. fisk then confronts the bartender about tollen's death. the bartender takes out a pistol, but fisk just sneezes and sends out tiny microbots that go up the bartender's nose and slowly kill him from the inside out. gray locates the hacker's residence as his motor functions begin to deteriorate. jamie successfully reboots grey by using a code that stem instructed grey to write on his arm. jamie and her hacking pals escape before stem can reboot. after seeing fisk and his friend jeffries appear on the security cameras, gray is discovered by fisk and jeffries, and stem reappears. gray battles the two criminals, which leads to a pursuit in which jeffrey's attempts to kill gray with his gun hand, only for grey to grasp his wrist and blow his brains out. pamela watches grey going back to his house. he tells her the truth, but requests that she keep it hidden. cortez then arrives to the home to inquire more about his wheelchair, which she discovered outside old bones. gray invents a new tail, claiming that he was out attempting to be a hero when he was attacked by a man who took his wheelchair. gray tries to locate fisk after cortes has left, only to discover that cortes is following him in her vehicle. he manages to escape cortez after forcing another vehicle to smash into hers during a pursuit. gray tracks down fisk at his residence and engages him in combat. fisk explains that he was paid to ambush grey, and that asha was just there as a bonus. gray was the only one who was targeted, and asha was simply a bonus. the two of them continue their conversation, and great discover cirque was fisk's brother. he brags how he killed cirque, and fisk becomes enraged. the two get into some serious fight, and grey manages to kill fisk. as he grabs fisk's phone, he receives a message from the person who instructed him to go for grey in the first place. it was his friend iran. grey rushes to iran's lab to confront him, thinking that he attempted to have gray disabled only for the purpose of testing stem on someone else. cortez arrives and tells grey to throw the pistol away. iron admits that he was not involved in the murder plan, but that it was always stem who was in charge of him. gray knocks out cortez and stabs himself in his arm to prevent himself from hurting anybody else. the iran now explains what actually happened. after growing in intelligence, stem desired his own body, so he tricked iran into orchestrating everything to get gray's body, including hacking gray's vehicle in order to cause the accident that resulted in his spine injury. but stem gains complete control of his body and mind and stabs iron in the skull as a result. in the meanwhile, while cortez is unconscious, he draws a pistol and points it at her. stem is destroyed when bray declares that he is in command and shoots himself in the neck as a sign of victory. grey awakens in a hospital bed with a sore throat. to his astonishment, he discovers asha waiting for him, delighted that he has awoken. as a consequence of the automobile accident. he seems to have awoken from his coma, according to reports. this, on the other hand, is not the case. as a result of gray's mental breakdown, it has become possible for stem to fully control his body and mind, leaving grey trapped in a dream world in which he may be with asha. once again, stem kills cortez with a single shot, after showing his authority over the situation, and leaves the place. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 