in today's video, we will be going through the 2010's british science fiction horror film, monsters. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more. six years ago, nasa had found the possibility of alien life in our solar system. to investigate it further, they sent a space probe. the craft was successful in collecting alien samples, but when re-entering the earth's atmosphere, it broke in mexico, not in the u.s this time. very soon, new life forms began to appear in the cities, and half of mexico was quarantined. the aliens are now referred to as the creatures, and have wreaked havoc on the country for the past six years. but it's considered normal now. people go out for a nice cup of tea and come across a massive land octopus with wiggly legs, and it's treated as a normal day in mexico. oh, and the land creature wiggly legs will kill any human that comes in front of them. mexico and the us. military are still fighting the wiggly things. they drop bombs, missiles and whatnot. but the creature's population keeps on increasing rapidly every year. just then something happens, presumably an alien attack. we see bodies lying on the floor and a massive, wiggly creature on the top of a billboard. she is the queen of the world. now something tells me the creature is a she. we see all this in a blurry night vision camera because the budget of the movie was really low. i'm not even kidding. the side actors you see throughout the movie are random bystanders. the film costs way less than 500 000 to make and made over 4 million in the cinema. hugo, penny pinching director. more blurry camera shooting and growling. later we see the aftermath of the attack the following day. andrew calder is a photojournalist who takes pictures of the aftermath of the alien attacks and makes money off of it. but he is our protagonist, so he probably has a good reason behind it. he gets a call from his boss, whose daughter, samantha winden, had come to mexico for vacation. yes, to a place infested by deadly aliens for vacation. the boss wants andrew to take samantha to the nearest train station and send her back to the us. although it's not andrew's job, he agrees because poor samantha is a damsel in distress and he has to be a hero. he also has a son back home whose birthday he is missing to get poor sam home. sam has problems of her own. she doesn't want to marry her fiance. her problem is as intense as the alien attack. don't judge her. the two get on the train and it leaves. on their way, loud bombings are heard nearby. the creatures are in a battle with the military. poor salmon, heroic andrew. both are distressed because the train has to return back to its track. but they really have to take sam home, so they get off the train in the middle of nowhere. they take shelter in a local home. at night, the strangers inform them of a quarantine of six months to be implemented in two days. if sam cannot cross the border in 48 hours, she will be stuck in mexico for the next six months. the next morning, andrew takes pictures of the local people in poison masks, and the two leave for the border, they hitchhike with some people and go nearer to the heavily infested zone. they take a bus to the next village. throughout the journey, andrew takes pictures of the locals. sam tries to shame andrew for the job he does, taking pictures of the harm, profiting off people's misery. but our protagonist claps back, saying that her father is the one who pays heavily for the dying children's pictures. sam understands her hypocrisy and shuts up. the two finally arrive at the port, where sam's ferry ticket costs andrew 5 000. he is not happy, but does it anyway. they get a ferry for the following morning. they check into a room, and steamy, awkward conversations follow when sam comes out of the shower in just a towel. at night, the two go out to eat some street food and have fun forgetting the wigglies for a while and just enjoy themselves. they also talk about their lives outside the alien infested zone, but really it's just sam whining about her fiance, who she hates. andrew flirts with her the whole time. however, the following morning, he wakes up with some other girl in his bed. nice going, andrew. sam knocks on his door and is visibly upset to see the other girl. although she has a fiance back home, a pang of jealousy hits her. she asks him for her passport to get on the ferry. but andrew [ __ ] up big time during the drunk night, he lost her passport. nice going again, andrew. he asks the guy who he paid five thousand dollars to but doesn't get any help. the fairy then leaves, and the two are back at square one. but they have one last idea left. they have to cross through the most alien infested area, the red zone. i never said the last idea was a good idea. but sam really has to go back to her unloving fiance, so they decide to take the chance. however, going through the red zone will cost them ten thousand dollars that our protagonist is unwilling to pay. sam offers the man her ring worth twenty thousand dollars. since andrew cannot let go of the extra ten thousand dollars, he decides to trade his life. instead, he joins sam on her journey to the infected zone. they pretend to be medical workers from america who have lost their passports. and the people believed them. they finally got on a boat and make their way to the border. if you're thinking how they haven't encountered a creature yet, you'll be happy soon. sam has the best luck ever. first that train was turned back, then they lost their passports, and now the only boat that was supposed to get them home breaks down midway. the people try to repair it, but cannot. it's now night time. andrew is obviously annoyed that their twenty thousand dollar trip isn't going as planned. just then, a loud screech denotes a creature approaching. they see it swimming towards them. andrew starts taking pictures of it, and sam scolds him. the creature recognizes our protagonists and goes right back into the water to help the director stretch the movie further. how kind of it. when they reach the shore, a group of scary looking men with guns await them. their job is to safely take the two to the other side, but they are scared by a cow's mooing. they sit around a bonfire at night and talk about different things. sam asks the guys if they are scared of the creature. i don't know if she's trying to be philosophical or is genuinely pet stupid. the guys reply that if they don't bother the creatures, the creatures don't bother them. they only get wild when the missiles and bombs are launched on them. when asked why they drop the missiles, the guys take them to the infected trees. it turns out that the creatures lay eggs on tree branches. when the egg hatches, the creature crawls to the water and eventually comes out in his adult that is how they reproduce. after an hour-long lesson on alien reproduction, they go to sleep. but just then the missiles and bombs start exploding nearby. the place is being attacked by the military, which means the creatures will soon go wild. the men quickly get on their jeep, but andrew starts looking for his camera. we all have priorities, andrew, but you are just plain stupid. they are stopped again by the creatures. all the men wear poison masks, leaving none for their customers. andrew asks everyone what is wrong, even though it's pretty obvious, then they finally see a large creature in front of them, picking up a car with its wiggly limbs. andrew is about to pee his pants, but the creature knows he is the main person in the movie, so he has nothing to worry about. the two stay in the car as the other men shoot several rounds of fire at the massive creature. they seem to be doing no harm to the creature whatsoever. it kills most of them. as the duo hides, the creature walks right past their car, but doesn't do anything. they get out of the car in the morning, andrew goes around looking for his camera and finds it with a corpse. all the people they came with are dead. he takes the camera and two poison masks. the two then pay their respect to the dead and continue the journey on foot. the car they stayed the night in is fine, don't ask me why they don't take it. after walking for a while, sam sees a massive man-made pyramid. they climb on top of it and see that they are near the wall that separates mexico and the u.s. they continue again, and finally reach the border, however, on the other side. too. the houses are deserted. they see a massive dead body of a creature on top of a house. andrew, of course, doesn't forget to take pictures of the surroundings. he's going to make bags out of this trip. as they look through the place, they see an old, dirty looking woman nearby. sam asks her if there is anyone around. the woman replies with absolute gibberish, it means, i'm insane. get away from me. andrew and sam seem to understand and get away from her. however, they see no one else around. the two then decide to walk along a deserted highway until they reach somewhere with people. as they do, they reach a gas station, but it has no one inside. luckily for them, it has a working phone. andrew quickly calls for help, and the lady on the other end informs him of an army patrol coming to rescue them. the two finally have hope. then andrew calls his son and wishes him a happy birthday. he breaks down crying when the kid tells him that he misses him. sam, two calls her father and tells him they are safe. sam is inside the station, while andrew was out, when the wiggly limbs reappear. a massive creature is on the roof of the place. it cannot look inside, but it seems like it's checking if someone is in by the movements of its limbs. sam quickly turns off the tv, and the creature leaves her alone. although andrew is in clear sight of the creature, it doesn't attack him. the usual protagonist thing, another creature joins the first one, and the two wrap their limbs around each other. they might be greeting each other, playing or mating. we will never know. sam and andrew watch in awe as the creatures hug and then separate. the creatures then go away. but who arrives? the patrol officers. one would think that our protagonists are relieved, but no. sam says that she doesn't want to go home. after all this trouble, so many deaths cost to get you home, and now you don't even want to go. i am team sam's fiance. the two kiss finally, but just then the patrol officers separate them, claiming that it's not safe here. the movie ends abruptly with that. what do you think happened to them? i don't care. thanks for watching. make sure to like the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 