listen, this show. this show is it. right? now, I know some people are put off by maybe the corniness, or they they probably think it's like a CW show or MTV show. and I'm telling you, this is one of Netflix's best. this is a story that's usually like the side plot in a lot of major networks, but netflix has taken it and given it its own voice. like we've all seen shows that are authentic, right, but they may not have, like, the best camerawork. they're shot like a damn progressive commercial. or maybe you've seen others where they do have characters, and they're very popular, but you can tell that those minority characters are written by people who've never actually met those people in real life. this show ever exceeds in all those boxes. I've covered season 1 way back when, because that ending, it hit hard. so the moment season 2 dropped, I double-checked my locks, I grabbed my hat. Ito's safely and securely stream the show thanks to expressvpn and bro. how is season 2 better than season 1? let me explain. like I said, if you want our thoughts on season 1, and how I thought the show perfectly balanced comedy and drama, we already got you right here. but in terms of season 2, for those who don't know, the series follows four friends in the fictional town of free Ridge, California, where they're just going through your standard John Hughes high school drama, except for the fact that there's two rival gangs looming over them, and one of the friends is forced to join. now I'm assuming you guys already seen the show, because I'm gonna talk about it from that perspective. so if you haven't, definitely go see it. so we can second handle out of this conversation and just go see it and give it a try. because what I love about the show is that you always hear about bad neighborhoods, or maybe you come from one, and there's always this notion that there's like, only shootings that happen there, like no one has any goals. it's just like they wake up and they wonder who they're gonna shoot today. that's how it is at all. this show actually shows their world, the friendships that they have. and just breaking down the characters, we have the main ones, like Ruby, who's actually based off of one of the creators. he's short, so he makes up for it. with his talking. but my man's also been in Logan and the get down, so whenever he hits you with a move or an emotional punch, it's like, well, yeah, of course. I mean, this man is gonna go places. he's got the acting chops. and that's actually something, I think, for the entire cab. for those of you who have seen the movie short-term 12, and how we look back on how that movie created so many stars, I hope we look back on on my block, on this picture right here, and go, damn, I remember when they started here. the biggest reason I think season 2 is better though, is mainly because the Rubies character. like I'm sure everyone watching season one got so accustomed to the comedy, they thought it was all funny that Caesar was the only one in danger. never Ruby. it just shows you the repercussions. you know, I thought they had Riki Ruby. the fact that it ended up being Olivia who died was sad, but I'm pretty sure we all preferred Ruby being alive. and then Ruby even gives her a Spanish dictionary when they visit her memorial. I'm with Ruby. that girl was many things, definitely not a linguist. yeah, she once called those Jetha Roger. wasn't just because of that death, though. season 2, Ruby is having these emotional breakdowns. almost every party is ruined because it triggers that PTSD. he's feeling survivor's guilty. he's more upset that his family had to feel that pain than the literal physical pain he felt. and this man kills it. that said, there was also these crazy speeches written for him that, you know, I'll be honest, didn't really work for me. I'm not saying that people who can give long garyvee monologues, but felt more like a writer speaking through him, if that makes any sense. surprisingly, though, for a character that talks a lot, it's the moments where he talks the least that I think hit the most. [Music]. now, Caesars an interesting character, and the beauty of it is that it doesn't even start with him. his brother, spooky, could probably lead a whole season on his own, you know, just because of the death they've given him. and the thing about that is that we've seen spooky before in a lot of movies. it's always the same. I can't even call it a character, more like a stand-in for cholo number one. you know, shout out to actors like Cliff Curtis and nolg, who have always kind of been typecast into these roles, and they never were allowed to really flesh them out. but I'm glad to see that both of these guys are now getting better roles, and I'm glad to see what they did was spooky in this season. I just think about it, you ever wonder how this affects people who are only seeing that portrayal of Mexicans on TV? like if they haven't met other Mexicans? some people are ignorant enough to think that every person just looks like that, that's how they act. get the hell out of there with that. when spooky started talking about how he wanted to go to college, his perspective and the sacrifices that he's made his loyalty and hurt when dealing with his little brother, who not only let him down, but then he asked to put everything on the line to save him, bro. you can tell this was written by someone who eats. how what got this and not just avocado toast? I know some people have brought up how the Santos are the main focus, and that they kind of looked down on the profits. and I think that's all about perspective. I think the show is more nuanced and subtle to the point that I have no doubt the show runners are going to focus in on the profits and their side in future seasons, you know. and if they do do, this one thing that I loved, and I'll say for the out of the video, back to Cesar, he was being forced into this gang. and because he didn't want to be a part of it, and he decided to not do the command that was commanded of him, that mistake ends up coming back to hurt his friends. and now this dude's feeling all guilty. that whole sophomore season is about him feeling unwanted, because it's almost like he was predestined to be in this gang, like he never even had a choice, which is insane. come on, say witch. let me check this real quick. yeah, once a is about to be a lot of people's crushes, if she isn't already. like a storyline with her in Caesar was cool, right? I get it. it's cute. everyone's still making their love montages for them on YouTube. but that storyline with her mom, though, I get that the dad raised monster, right? the dad who stayed is going through this conundrum, obviously wanting to keep his daughter, but at the same time he knows that's selfish, because this place is dangerous. but in terms of the mom, I mean, yeah, she's better than Billy Batson's but the fact that she lies, that she's spreading all these different things after she was the one who deserted Monse, like, I hate when people lie and put other people down to hide the fact they're the scumbags, faking domestic abuse for sympathy. leaving your daughter because you don't know how genetic works, ma'am. I'm literally trying to tell you guys something that will positively change your lives. then there's Jamal, who Roger miles Wylie. there's a scene where he eats tiny edibles this season. and I was like, in this man eating edibles all the time, you know? like, I know a lot of people love his character, my man's just got way too much stamina for me. but he was the one who found the fabled roller world money, but then I guess he lost it. so there's that. [Music]. okay, who said jasmine was a top three character I thought my list was set and solidified, and then season two, jasmine comes in, wanting to be so close to ruby that that included the number one spot as well. don't get me wrong, I know a lot of people with this energy right, and I'm not giving a pass to lines like these. does that mean? but for every bad line they gave her, there were others that made me spit out my hat. ethos, so tell me, if you squeeze them titties hard enough, does Mel come out? I don't know, Curran, you're like, I couldn't. and again, it's seeing her backstory that makes you love her even more. like we all thought she was annoying season one, and I won't season two, it's like, yo, out of all the friends, she's probably the most loyal. because, to be honest, Jasmine and Jamal may be running on honeycomb cereal because they're always hyped up, but they're like the least appreciated in the group, and I'm pretty sure that's gonna come back in future seasons. [Music], I'm gonna be honest, I don't even like this work. hold on the next wife. listen. did y'all know Alamitos got canceled by white people for not embracing diversity enough. a couple years back, yo, back in the eighties, e days, we had made a video praising how koco's authenticity compared to the faux diversity some other projects had, right? and that was coming from my Mexican perspective, because, let's keep it real. we can tell when the writer actually knows what they're writing, or if they're just, you know, going off stereotypes or, you know, things that they've seen before. we know that the term is now a marketing ploy right? like many don't use it because they actually care for diversity. they just know diversity means a more diverse fun. so we just got to keep it honest. you know, it ain't everyone, but just like Oscar bait, there's most def diversity baiting. so to make a video expressing that and honoring a project that i thought i got it right, and then having, y'all know, what is that value y'all ever have why people explain your experiences to you. and for those people, cuz i already hear them in the comments, Caleb's the Billie's out there. look, if you're one of the good ones, and then don't say it. we know you're one of the good ones. yeah, if the shoe don't fit, don't worry about it. just leave it. what I really want to focus on is the positive, because we noticed when the writers know nothing about the viewpoint they're writing for. so hearing that these writers and day players shared similar experiences, it shows they realize that, just like the show, life is a tonal shift. and I went at all the aspects, like hearing that the creators a hundred and seventeen cousins help make up all the pictures around the refrigerator is awesome, that the crew was so tight, they had producers and supervisors playing extras. the damn writers were smoking it out on the set. this line about the highway leaped out, recognizing or goeco, like on my block, y'all know we're watching you, like, you know, all eyes are on you. so, yeah, when I say that the word diversity has been played out, it's because I'm so used to people approaching it in a lazy way, or it's fake. you know, like JK Rowling making claims because you wants that credit, but doesn't put the work in. so I think a representation may be a better word. I even hate putting labels, but at least on representation, you have to represent. they can't just be a cardboard cutout. and in this show, I'm glad to say, they never are. [Music]. now, I've heard the weirdest thing in terms of that cliffhanger ending. to me, it has to be something. Billy, the creator, said they knew how season 1 was going to end because they had it all planned out. and it's true. season one's ending resonated throughout all of season 2. so this one can't be something like, oh, they just got kidnapped for a birthday party. no, it's got to be something that really affects them throughout all of season 3. I personally have faith that it. well, I've heard theories that, I've heard theories of some people saying it's Olivia's parents coming back for revenge. and I'm like, what do you, what do you mean? I'm pretty sure it has to do with the role of world money. but in terms of other theories, I do believe Chivo, maybe little Ricky, who left the game to start a new life. I do believe seizures fling, it's gonna come back to be a pregnant plot. point that we're gonna see. and I definitely think we're gonna see more from the profits perspective. my hope, of course, is that they focus a little bit more on Luttrell's arc. obviously it's gonna take some time, but you know, just think about this idea, like in season 5, Luttrell is a part of the crew. he's like won them over, like they've all gotten along. that'd be something that's so crazy, not just because of the message that it would send, but that idea of going back to season 1 and not being able to fathom that he used to be the quote-unquote bad guy. I love when shows build characters like that. the creators have stated that Monza is going to be playing an even bigger role in the future, and I could definitely see her leaving for a couple of episodes, still covering her at the boarding school and all that stuff, but then coming back, because obviously she wouldn't leave her friends. I also love all the creators of the show look at the characters sort of like in seasons, like I was talking about with Jasmine. she was annoying in season one, but then after everything you learn about her in season 2, you look at her differently. and I'm wondering who else we're gonna learn more of and then see them differently if we were to rewatch the episodes. you know, there's also the idea that Mona's mom right now may be a bad influence, but who knows what the future holds. it's really building up on that idea that the movie blind spotting hit on, where you don't judge someone for one thing, or or think that they're bound to it, but that people can change, or perspectives, you know, are sometimes not what they seem. and the show's doing that outside of its characters. you know, anytime anyone talks about the hood, the ghetto, the inner city, there's the notion that nothing good comes out of there, that all the kids are bad. but they're not. we've just rarely shared their stories. we didn't realize that portraying only the negative is exactly what breeds it back, that the black story was being told from people, probably not from it, and why I believe those telling it authentically should be praised for making a difference. you know, I used to get on camera and talk about Street [ __ ], right? or talk about guy and culture, man, and then I get to my show and everybody want to show me that they hard, and everybody fighting in the crowd and shooting up the parking lot. and so I'm like, damn, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm putting out of energy through these interviews or through this conversation I'm having on camera, that's bringing him, it's showing back up in my show. so that's when I decided, I'm gonna speak what I want to see. and I started talking about business and, oh yeah, speaking about opportunity and speaking about progress and optimism. and I saw that come back to me. also, thank you guys for watching this video. and a big shout-out to expressvpn. you know, we're super grateful for the sponsors that we get on this channel, because, not only does it help it, but they also push us to cover stories like these, which, like, you don't even realize how that's one of the best parts. like, we respect that a lot. and in 2019, you're gonna need protection from everything, especially when you're online. and out of all the VPNs we tried, trust us, if there was a better one, you'd be seeing their name here instead. we use it a lot for streaming because it has a faster speeds. it's on every app, which is dope, since we're watching one episode on TV, then on a tablet, then on the computer. and with all the tickets were buying online for movies, it keeps our cards secure from all the freaking Marvel hackers trying to swap up our endgame tickets. it's less than seven dollars a month. and the best part is the 30-day guarantee. because, you know, if someone isn't giving you that 30 day guarantee, they're probably bamboozling you. so if you go to expressvpn comm slash, let me explain, you can find out how to get three months free, so you can protect yourself online as you wait for season 3 of on my block. but just know, ain't gonna protect your computer from crumbs like mone says, what once a what were you thinking other than that? I'm curious to know your guys thoughts down below in the comment section. which season do you like more? I obviously love season to weigh more than season 1. but that's, like, that's not a bad thing. that's the way it was set up to be. and yet, they're saying, season 4, he's gonna be better I'm excited for it. let me know your favorite character is, your theories on what's gonna happen, all that good stuff down below. anything else you want us to cover? and remember, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and we'll send you the roller world money your way 