at first we can see seo jin is an architect who lost his wife nearly six months ago in a hit-and-run accident. stricken with the grief of not finding the responsible driver for his wife's death, he struggles to manage his work and taking care of his daughter. the film begins with his hypnosis therapy scene, which takes him back to the day of the accident. but his memories soon get mingled with his childhood memories, where he finds himself next to a man selling balloons in a children's park, and he finds a little girl standing in the distance. the moment he tries to look at the girl's face, he wakes up. after returning home, his parents tell him to take good care of his daughter, yina, who still doesn't know about her mother's death, and not just keep himself busy with work all the time. the next day at work, sayo jin gets a call from soul emanuel orphanage, who claims that his long last sister was found after 25 years. he then goes to meet his found sister, eugene. and both of them don't seem to have clear memories about what happened on the day of her abduction their parents. and they go to the hospital where eugene works to retrieve her things. back there, they meet a fellow nurse, yeon-joo, who tells them that you jin is the ace of her co-workers. after a couple of days, yeena gets close to her aunt and follows everything her aunt tells her to do. soon yoo jin gets close to the whole family. she changes their house's infrastructure and hires new workers to work at home and help with their mother's rehabilitation. his parents and daughter don't act the same with him anymore, and listen to whatever eugene says. all this doesn't make sense to say, oh jin. and he begins to doubt if eugene is really his lost sister. one day, their old trusted mate and yoo jin taking yee not a dance class on that place. suddenly, a man recognized eugene and began to follow them. seeing him, you jin started fleeing. after a moment, she caught. the angry man was holding her collar and keep saying, where is his daughter? eugene said, i don't know. after a few moments later, the man found died on car parking garage. but unfortunately, their maid saw that and began to suspect her. eugen understand that thier made all know about that man killing yina was sleeping in the car. then she told their maid, let's take you somewhere. after that, she was later found nowhere else. meanwhile, eugene came home and told everyone their maid ran away with a man because of love. but sao jin could not accept it. he told their maid, can't do this sayojin gets a call from the police that they were able to find new evidence in his wife's accident. he notices his sister in the evidence while watching it. this makes him grow even more suspicious of her identity. he consults his psychiatrist friend, then asks him to perform hypnotism on him again, this time he sees the face of the driver who hit his wife, and also sees his sister watching from a distance to find about eugene's true identity. seo jin goes to the orphanage who call him earlier, but he doesn't find any orphanage in that address. at the same time, he finds out that yin joo was hired by yoo jin to tell her family about her being a nurse. enraged by this, he reaches home and reveals this fact to his family. eugene then apologizes that she lied about being a nurse as she wanted to create a good impression on her in the family. after an argument, their mother fain. san is taken to hospital, where seojin manages to get a strand of eugene's hair. he takes the sample to get a dna analysis. [Music]. after a series of incidents, seo jin becomes sure that you jin is an intruder. one night, sao jin gets a call from a realtor that there is someone in his old home. when he goes to his old house, he finds their trusted maid, yi and jew's dead body in the bathtub and faints. after becoming conscious, he finds himself tied up to a chair by a man he sees in his hypnosis the one who killed his wife. he tells sayojin that he was the one who called him earlier from the orphanage, and is also the one who killed his wife, which he claims to be unintentional. he tells seo jin that theirs is a religious group where they worship the chosen holy child. for this they abduct girls of similar age and perform certain rituals on the child and make their believers worship the child. now, the chosen child is yina. [Music]. angry, sayojin kills him [Music] and comes back home, only to find police waiting for him. a series of incidents make the police and sayojin's friend believe that sao jin is behaving wild because of his medication. they arrest sao jin, and yoo jin confesses in a car privately to him. she tells about how she met his wife and made her join their cult. she blames him for being a workaholic and neglecting his family. [Applause]. saojin laters, manages to flee from the police. after that involves and hustle with you jin when she tries to escape with yina. seojin rescues his daughter when she comes to the edge of the hill. but eugene falls when she tries to catch me. she pleads him not to leave her hand, as their mother told him not to let go of her hand. but he leads her to fall after recollecting what happened on the day of his sister's abduction, telling her that even if she were his real sister, she could never be their family. after that, sayojin tells everything to the police later. sayo jin's family starts getting better. [Music] at the end, seo jin shredding the dna analysis of eugene. he requested four without looking at the result. [Music], you 