[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of muy. spoiler alerts. today we are talking about the 2015 superhero film ant-man. so let's get started. in 1989, scientist Hank Pym resigns from shield after discovering their attempt to replicate his ant-man shrinking technology. believing the technology is dangerous, Pym vows to hide it as long as he lives. in the present-day, PIMs daughter, hope van Dijk, and former Protege, Darren cross, have forced him out of his company, Pym technologies. cross is close to perfecting a shrinking suit of his own, diello jacket, which horrifies Pym. upon his release from prison, Scott Lang moves in with his old cellmate, lois. lane visits his daughter and his chastised by his former wife and her police officer fiance, Paxton, for not providing child support. unable to hold a job, laying agrees to join Louis's crew. Lane breaks into a house and cracks it safe, but only finds what he believes to be an old motorcycle suit. after trying the suit on, laying shrinks himself to the size of an insect. terrified by the experience. he returns the suit to the house, but as arrested on the way out him. the home owner visits Lang in jail and smuggles the suit into a cell to help him break out. Pym manipulated Lane through an unknowing Lewis and de stealing the suit as a test. and wants Ling to become the new ant-man, to steal the yellowjacket, hope and pen train Lang to fight and control ants. Pym warns Lang that he could disappear into a subatomic, quantum realm like his wife the wasps did, if he overrides the suits regulator. they send him to steal a device from the avengers headquarters, where he briefly fights Sam Wilson. cross perfects the Yellow Jacket and hosts an unveiling ceremony at Pym technologies, laying along with the crew and a swarm of flying ants and filtrate the building during the event, sabotage the company's servers and plant explosives. when he attempts to steal the yellowjacket, they are all captured by cross, who intends to sell both the yellowjacket and ant suits the Hydra Langan hope break free to take out most of the Hydra agents, although one flees with a vial of crosses particles, and PIM is shot. lang pursues cross, while the explosives detonate, imploding the building, as PIM and hope escape. cross, wearing the Yellow Jacket, attacks Lang, before laying is arrested by packs. cross takes the Lang's daughter, Haas, at chiller heaven to another fight. Lang overrides the regulator and shrinks to some atomic size. the penetrate crosses suit and sabotage it to strength, uncontrollably killing cross. Lang disappears into the quantum realm, but manages to reverse the effects out of gratitude packs and covers for links to keep him out of prison. seeing that laying survived the quantum realm, Tim wonders if his wife is alive as well. later, Lang meets up with Lois, who tells him that Wilson is looking for him. and a mid-credits scene, Pym shows hope a new wasp prototype suit and offers it to her. and a post-credits scene, Wilson and Steve Rogers have Bucky Barnes in custody, unable to contact Tony Stark because of the Accords. Wilson mentions that he knows someone who could help. so that was a spoilers for ant-man. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movies blur alerts on social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 