welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your captain. definition. in this episode, we're going to be breaking down episode 7 of the cod our mission is to boldly go where no one has gone before and give our thoughts on the new entry, as well as what could be happening in the future. after Picard and Shoji finally came face to face, the series has started to wind down, and with just three episodes left, there's a hell of a lot to unpack. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the ins and outs of the seventh episodes plot, it's Easter eggs, and what we thought of it as a whole. we will be engaging with heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the show yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, thank you for clicking the video. now let's get into our breakdown of Picard episode 7. episode 7 picks up with the titular character, and so Jesus cape from the Borg cube. the episode brings back some familiar faces, and it really makes the entry feel like one of the most nostalgic thus far. like all episodes, we open in the past, and this time it's a flashback to the daystrom Institute three weeks ago. this is the enigmatic mean between Commodore oh and dr. Agnes. Oh looks like she's been watching nwa videos from the 90s. but either way, these sunglasses must have helped her to become inconspicuous, because it appears that she's been stalking Agnes. she details meetings that she's had with Bruce Maddox, and also brings a powerful message. last week, we theorized that the reason agnes killed Maddox is because Oh had shown her the dark secret that the shock bash know about synthetics. early on in the season, it was said that letting this secret can break someone's mind, and this is why she decided to murder someone she was in love with. we see that theory come true here, without showcasing the annihilation of what happened should synthetics be allowed to exist. so in her head, Agnes's mission is of the utmost importance, and Oh hands her a tracker, using her as a mole to find out what's going on in Picard's mission. in the present, we jump back to Rio Cinco, who aren't having the best of times. they've been tracked a lock to the ball cube and aborted. Nerissa is questioning Hugh as to exactly what happened. she doesn't mind killing a couple of people to get answers. and the entire ship is in full lockdown, with narak heading out into space to follow Rios in the group their lap free from the tractor beam. and narrow does his best Bubba Fett impression in tailing them. Nerissa really comes into her own is the villain here. and we do know that she was very close to our at some points, so it could be possible that she has been feeding her the visions that she passed on to Agnes. we did Co herself in divisions. so is likely that this has been planted there by Nerissa in order for the Romulans to achieve their goals. all know is left aboard the ship. and I did have a feeling last week that he would be important here. they just randomly dropped him on the ship right at the end of the episode. and it was obvious that they'd only done that because they needed him to do something in this episode. and yeah, they just had no reason for why he would really be on the ship. I remember them doing this in Man of Steel with Lois. and depending on whether you liked the show or not, probably will determine whether you forgive this writing. he is a very forced arc on the ship. I feel with him discovering a plot device. and, yeah, it just feels a bit meh. anyway, after the intro, we jumped in a pente, a forest planet, where were greeted by William Indiana's child, Castro. Castro speaks for Veen awhile, language of the woods. and she's actually some deep ties to the lore of star trek. Diana's sister was also called castra, and she drowned when she was very young. it's a nice little tribute that ties in well with Star Trek law and shows just how much they're thinking about the past of the show. she's an awesome addition, and I'd love to see a pop up in other shows down the line. you also learn that Castro's brother died, and William and Deanna have been through some stuff. Deanna has had to deal with feeling the loss not only herself, but also the grief that the others feel due to her abilities. there's a really heartbreaking moment in the episode. and this entry, though quite slow paced up points, does indeed tick the boxes in terms of character development. Castro leads them to the pair, but along the way, Shoji almost has a breakdown after realizing her entire reality was a fabrication. jean-luc calms it down by telling her that assisted dodge was real. but just as she perks up, he tells her that she's dead, which, which was nice of him. he says, so ever, he saw a bad man in this episode. I will say that at Rancho Riker, we get to see a really nice catch up. Troy uses her extrasensory empathy to pick up on the disease that is slowly killing Picard, but he assures her it's gonna be alright. has made his house formidable, and it's the perfect sanctuary for Picard to hide out and rest. absolutely love this reunion, and it reminds us that the card is truly strong because of his allies and ability to make long-lasting relationships with people that were truly risk all for him. Castro questions Sochi, and we learn that she's a complete replication of a human even down to her mucus data is hinted towards being behind everything, which questions the theory of Maddux's involvement. we do know that data painted a picture of dodging Sochi that showed he did have designs for the girls. but who was involved, as of now, is still up in the air. clearly, Maddox was connected. and I've seen a ton of different fan theories, so I don't want to dive in and say which one is wrong and which one isn't. so yeah, I won't rike it does figure out that Sochi is connected to data, though, and it is going to be interesting to see just where her origin poles from. exactly a borderless arena. they're trying to outrun Erik, but he's hot on their tails. la serena roughly translates to the mermaid and sirens are, of course, myths that used to lead sailors to their dooms. this could possibly be hinting at the fate of the crew and the, quote-unquote sailors aboard it. but i guess we will see as the show develops. Rafi notices that Agnes is slowly falling apart and that she's changed emotionally. but it's not like Ruffy didn't spend last week in bed drinking. anyway, beyond building the story, jean-luc and Riker catch up. I remember the good old days. I always loved seeing characters that we once knew as younger people age. and it's great watching people reprise their roles throughout their lives. Deana gives Sochi a real tomato, and she herself comes to the conclusion that real is better, as she's only ever had food from a replicator. Shoji is, of course, a self, a replication. but that doesn't mean that she isn't real, which i think is what the show is dealing with. we live in a world in which many members of society are viewed as being less than us because of where they come from. I think the show is playing with the subtext of that, showing that no matter what makes us up, we all have the right to be considered real. the Star Trek episode measure of a man dealt with is - in defining what rights we had over others. and it's nice to see this aesthetic reappear here. this talk of that Deanna's child being fascinated with homes and how they all connect us. and I think that this is the mess being hammered home here. he died because of the sin ban. and I love that Deanna says, real isn't always better. it's a nice little counseling session. appreciated quite a lot. picaud gets a scolding from Deanna. and actually think she shines the most in this episode. Marina Sirtis gets a lot to play with in terms of dramatic beats. and she's more the intelligent aspect that really cross-examines everything. while Stryker makes pizzas. Riker also burns a tomato, which I see is sort of a nod to the tomato from earlier, and how real is often weaker. when you go through things, you are hardened and made in a certain way that strengthens you. and yep, replicators aren't always the best, but this new replicator is the best. and if you use the discount code in the description below, you get 10% off your next daughter. Eleanor a Marissa having a fight aboard the Borg cube, and she takes out Hugh. it's a big death in the show, and it kind of sucks seeing him getting a very underwhelming exit. I know the scene was supposed to show how good Nerissa was at fighting. but happened so fast for me that it kind of robbed it of its emotional impact. Raffi and Agnes catch up, and it seems like the latter was trying to throw up her tracker, which, as we learn, is how narak is following them. she shut down the medical hologram after killing Maddox, and thus he's not there. though he does return later, which was was a bit confusing for me. arias suspects Raffy and tells Agnes about this. and he comes clean, but he won't really listen. she does realize that she's been doing bad things and manages to disable the tracker herself, using the replicator that's sponsored this channel. I'll stop with her. now, the toxins in it lead to her having a seizure and this sensor into a coma. Rio still suspects Rafi and as she didn't explain this, it could lead to the two going head-to-head in the next episode. now, last week we did learn where Shoji was from and where the nest of sins could be, but no one really seems to be looking for the planet all that much. after a quick text to captain Karen. Castro finds out where it is, which i think is where the rest of the season will head off into. Captain Obvious here, but yeah, I don't know why the Romulans are making this their top priority. around the dinner table, picaud convinces Shoji to trust him after she felt alone and isolated. he tells her of dodge his fast data and how this mission has made him feel alive. in his office, Elmo finds the Fenris beacon that was left behind last time, and he reaches out. we know this is connected to seven of nine, and from the preview, next week, she will be back. Picard and Riker have a heart-to-heart, and it feels like a farewell between the two. I don't know if it will be, but Picard thanks him for everything and but not trying to talk him out of what will probably be the character's final frontier. they say goodbye. Castro gives Shoji her crabby, broken compass, and they head off. now the broken compass symbolizes that those Shoji is lost, it's still possible to find her home, and that she should go to where she feels rather than what others are telling her. that's what I took from it anyway. and it lends itself well to the subtext of the episode. I really held that this is the last time you see the family as they I'm kind of worried that the Romulans will show up and question them. and, yeah, I just don't want to see them killed for not giving up Picard. anyway, next week, it looks like we will discover the secret of the Jat bash, and we'll be getting a return of seven of nine. Agnes admits what is going on, and it looks like there's gonna be a big showdown. it's also a hint that seven of nine may be reconnected back to the cube. and the emotional stakes are really ramping up. I can see everything coming together next week. and it's finally learning why Shoji has been predicted as the destroyer. we are still no closer to learning if the bore Queen theory is correct, but hopefully we get a yes or no next time, as it's killing me. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Picard, so comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a like and make sure you check out our full playlist on Picard, which will be linked at the end. every month we'll give away free movies to people who are subscribed to the channel. and this Monty can win the nfinity saga box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you serve with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. but when it's gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of March, it's the best of luck that everybody takes part. you want to support the channel, brahmans little, it's 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it, mister. thank you. you get access to content early. you want to come chat us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways keep up to date with heavy. hopefully you see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you [Music] 