a gang of bank robbers, right in the daytime, fusing gold, then leisurely transport the gold out in front of the police. the police were completely unaware how sophisticated a robbery was this. the story tells that from the second world war, a group of american soldiers succeeded in robbing tons of gold left by the german. this gold became the booty and was finally sent back to the u.s. federal reserve bank. since they have been sealed, very little is known of their existence. 40 years later, there is a gang of masked bandits forming a complete organization, led by a woman. they have successfully stormed the u.s. federal bank. they let all of the bank staff go, only keeping the bank manager and a dozen innocent customers as hostages. not only took their phones, but the bandits also made them change their clothes to look alike to disturb the police's vision. the police cannot know who is the hostage, who is the robber. it was so dang awesome. the woman who was in charge called out the bank manager to hand over the key. at first he even pretended he didn't know where it was. then he suddenly received a punch in his face. he obediently gives them the key to the vault of the bank. the door just opened. in front of them were tons of gold. the bank manager still advised them that this was just a waste of time and effort. they could not escape with this 2 trillion worth of gold. the outside was surrounded by police. but the bandits didn't seem interested in this gold. she told him to open another door. it was the door to the discarded warehouse. the bandits check the old crates inside. excitedly, discover what they want to find, which is the german gold that year. the bandits immediately start to work, intending to turn the gold into a liquid to execute their plan. this requires very sophisticated techniques. how could they possibly escape with that amount of gold? the female leader, ariella, alone, went to the locker, opened drawer number 392 and stuffed a lot of stuff inside. outside, the police did not dare to do anything yet. after all, there were dozens of hostages inside. so they invited two negotiating experts to come. they were remy and stuart. both of them are excellent and very experienced. they have never failed before. remy tried calling and talking to ariela, but she didn't want to hear his [ __ ] and immediately hung up. after a while, she actively called also asked for water and food. she also wanted two cars to carry out the money. and if he didn't listen to her words, after midnight, they would kill a hostage for each hour. for the safety of the hostages, remy decided to bring water and food to the robbers himself, and even chatted with ariela. but all this was carefully considered by the bandits. asking for water and food is just to buy the police's time. meanwhile, the robbers act quickly, rushed to melt all the gold. ariela also asked the police to prepare a helicopter. but in the bank, a bunch of bandits is still digging a tunnel. after all, what was the plan of the bandits? the police were not useless either. the negotiator, steward, has said that this case is related to the diamond robbery five years ago. this time it's very likely to be the second robbery. after the investigation, they found that the man behind the diamond robbery five years ago was revealed by a young man, but he is already dead. the diamonds also disappear. his son is also a gang boss, participating in many criminal activities around the world. stewart predicted that this incident is definitely related to the robbery last time in the evening, the two cars that ariela [Music] requested. so brother was a member of the diamond robbery gang back then. he was also the young man who gave the lead of the case to the police. after the leader died, his son embraced hatred, then kidnapped her and her brother, forcing ariella to use the same techniques to rob the bank again. she must use the money to redeem her brother. at this point, ariela had told stewart that if there were any problems, she must do as she said. what was she going to do after all? after that, she detonated a bomb in the bank. even she was blown away. the police outside heard the bombs exploded and rushed into the bank. it seems that the bombs went off not to explode the tunnel. the bank was next to the river, so when the bombs went off, the water flooded the bank. ariela was also drowned by the water. the hostages began to run away. the situation was extremely chaotic. even the bandits also mixed in there, so the police could not distinguish who were the hostages. causing chaos was also ariela's true goal. after the incident, the police received an interview. the person in charge made sure all the hostages were safely rescued and that the robbers have failed, and the money in the bank was not lost. at this moment, remy discovered that stewart could not be found. before she left, she had written three numbers of 392 on the board. these three numbers are also the number on the drawer of the diamond theft case. remy then found and opened the cabinet. the inside was the evidence of the robbery. back then, these are the things that ariela left. she hopes to borrow a hand from the police to attack the sun's crime syndicate. the next day, the cleaning staff arrived to take care of the scene. see that golden fence? do you know where all of the gold went? it turned out that the bandits used the molten gold to cast it into the bank's fence's shape. when the bombs exploded, it destroyed both. so the golden fences were mixed with the rest handling the scene where the bandits tons of gold, vanished. just like that. remy returned to the crime scene. he also understood the bandit's plan. he also understood how ariella had escaped. she hid on the vents of the bank, and the next day, easily snuggled into the robbers, pretended to be a cleaner and sneaked away. in the end, ariela and stuart reached an agreement, using the gold to bait the mastermind's son. all of his crime syndicate had been caught at once originally, whether he received the money or not, he would still kill ariela's brother. ariella also understood this, so she made an agreement with stuart. she intended to use the police to avenge her brother. that's the end of this movie. thank you and goodbye. 