recently, I did a video discussing my theory on what caused the disasters. in the new Netflix original film, how it ends, I summarized that the cataclysm was due to a volcanic eruption from one of the two super volcanoes that exists within America. and this explained how the airplane had been down and how there were ash clouds littering the landscape. however, since then, I've came across another highly likely theory for this disasters. and throughout this video, I'll be discussing my alternative theory on what caused the events. there will be heavy spoilers for how it ends. so if you don't want to know how it ends, then you need to turn off this video, because all I do is talk about how it I'll stop now without the way I'm definition. and this is my alternative theory for how it ends. on their journey, we'll and Tom encounter all means of electrical phenomena, from spinning compasses, too erratic birds and electrical storms. after looking up the possible causes of this, it's clear that these events were caused by a shift in the Earth's poles. many times over our planets history Earth's magnetic poles have reversed, meaning that sometimes a compass pointing north will be aimed at Antarctica rather than the Arctic. this might sound strange, but it's a relatively predictable quirk of the planet. powered by the mechanizations of the planet spinning iron core. this process of geometric reversal has been doing its thing without much fanfare for eons. as birds use Earth's magnetic field to navigate, we can clearly see in how it ends that their flight pattern has been thrown off to to the reveal, traversing the aurora borealis appearing on their adventure to shows that there's something wrong with the Earth's geography. and this definitely cements that something is hot in terms of magnetism. I still believe that super volcanoes had a huge part to play in the disaster. however, this was likely a byproduct of the magnetic field turning. and it's possible that the two earth-shattering events were one of the same. don't worry though, whilst it's never a ball that the poles eventually shift, scientists estimate that it's not just an overnight occurrence. and when such an event does happen. it will take place over thousands of years, so chances are you won't even notice unless it's happening right now. it's not as dramatic as how the N makes it out to be. you won't suddenly wake up and find that your granddad's u uncle and your grandma's your sister, and Santa's workshops in the southern hemisphere. and the only major noticeable effect that's guaranteed to occur when the Polar flop is finished is that your compass needle will point in the opposite direction. this will make things like where I'm from in the Northeast not really true. in the southwest will become so North. look, I don't know, it's really difficult discussing movies ending when the movie doesn't even have an ending. why is it called how it ends? anyway, what did you think of the film? are you sick of blacklisted Netflix original films? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create videos like this weekly, and will definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film, make sure you check out my original explanation of how it ends, linked at the end of this one. and thanks very much for taking the time to watch this video. take care. peace you 