welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this video we're breaking down the second episode of snowpiercer. the series is now airing on Netflix, and for the next nine weeks, we're going to be breaking down everything you need to know about the brand-new show. throughout this video, we'll be going over what happens in the second entry, its Easter eggs, and giving our theories on what's going on on the train. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then I highly recommend that you check out right now. if you enjoy the video, then please consider subscribing and dropping a thumbs up, as it massively helps us out. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our breakdown of snowpiercer, episode 2. okay, so the second episode picks up in the wake of the revolution from last week. we see things from the perspective of Josie, who, last time we learned, was in a relationship with Layton, and both were surrogate parents to a boy named Myles. we see Routh examining the wreckage, and she wants more. Don's the coat that Minister Mason wore in the movie, showcasing how cold it is in the tail end of the car. she brings an announcement from Wilfred that all uprisings will not be tolerated. and they take a child who was complicit in the death of six security guards, just as they're about to punish her by freezing her arm, and mother stands up and asks that it be delivered unto her instead, unto her. Amana, I felt like I said that in Times New Roman. anyway, the mothers arm is frozen instead. and as we saw in the film, this grueling punishment is carried out by placing someone's arm on the outside of the train until it fully freezes. and it's then shattered with a sledgehammer, which, to reoccurs here. missing arms are often seen on snowpiercer as a symbol of those that have dissented. and we've already seen the character he born from last week bearing this here. to make it even more gruesome, they pour water over our arm to freeze it more. in the prison car, the three that Layton convinced to stand down last week are sedated with chronal and placed into drawers. this is clearly part of Layton's plan to place sleeper cells further up the Train. and I love how the person delivering the sentence says that, may God have mercy on your Spock. sparks being used instead of souls cements the mechanical and industrial language. it shows that Wilfred views people as part rather than humans. in the movie, we learn he'd been abducting children under five and enslaving them because they were small enough to fit into a certain section in the engine. and this spark replacement definitely hammers home how the upper-class view those below. the phrase eat the rich is uttered by Josie, and this is a saying that has recently picked up a lot of attention due to inequality, but it actually comes from the 17th century, where it's attributed to jean-jacques Rousseau. the full phrase says, when the people shall have nothing more to eat, they'll eat the rich. this means that when the upper-class takes so much for themselves because of greed, it will eventually lead to an uprising by those that have been left with nothing. after the credits, we cut to the engine room, or rather Kapil's compartment, and the Train is rocked by an avalanche. we also see in her room that she has a picture of a child man. last week, it was teased that she had a daughter. she speaks with the engineers in first and due to the weather, there's a lot of danger that surrounds them. there's also a clue that cavil isn't actually Wilfred. as javi asks Bennet how long he thinks she can keep this up, he says, it's been seven years already. so clearly she's been masquerading as well fed for that amount of time. we still don't know what happened to Wilfred, and either he's in holding in this, or it's the first time a TV show actually killed Sean, being off before he was able to make an appearance. anyway, we don't know. yeah, but this sentence definitely adds a lot more weight to her not really being the character. at one point, her badge is upside down, and the W looks like an M M. is, of course, for Melanie. and Ruth adjusts this by turning it back to at W. it is possible that even she could be in on it too. and I love the symbolism of the M changing to a w perhaps, showing that Melanie has changed into the character. she speaks to those in first class, and we see that the Folgers bodyguard has a gun. I'm sure that people aren't allowed guns on the train if they're not security, but this may be a gray area with him being personal security. anyway, they're not happy with Melanie, and who knows, she may even be overthrown in the same way that she could have overthrown Wilfred Layton is kept in a Cell, and Beth and rauch come to visit him. Beth and Layton are forced to work together throughout this episode, even though she still bears the bruises of him knocking last week. they go to the market cart and begin interrogating people before the autopsy of Sean wise, because his body was found Nicky Jay has been taken out of suspension, and we see jin-joo caring for her. we don't quite know what gingy's role is yet, but because she's able to go further up the Train, it does seem like she's a prominent figure. I'm guessing she's a scientist, as this would explain why she's held in such regard. and next to Melanie, she's actually one of the most mysterious characters in the show. anyway, after Layton and Beth find out very little, they venture to the night car where we see a performance of say it ain't so, Joe. this is a real song by Murray head, and the singer said that he penned it in the memory of fallen heroes, which could exemplify how the train views the loss of the security forces in the wake of the Revolution. however, another interesting aspect of the song that head went on to state in 1995 does resemble a lot of things that we see in the show in modern society. had said saying so Joe was provoked by a 70s documentary on Richard Nixon prior to his resignation. the presenter was asking the editor of a small-town newspaper outside Washington, how, in the face of conclusive evidence and proof, his readers could still show such undying support for the president they elected. the editor likens the situation to a scandal in the 20s when Joe Jackson, the famous baseball player, was rumored to have taken a bribe to sink his team in the final of the World Series. his fans hung around the stadium, chanting, say, it ain't so, Joe. it's use in the show could be a comment on how people still blindly follow politicians, ignoring their bad sides, which, yeah, in recent times, that let's not get into it. in the fictional world of the Train, it could show that though many worship Wilfred as a deity, some really see him for what he is, a cause of injustice and inequality. however, it also shows the blind devotion of his followers that have it good and refused to acknowledge the mistakes that he's made. they interview the singer herself, Audrey. and she must be somewhat of a celebrity on the train, because in the market car we see posters of her hanging up. sheis courts light into a hypnotic aquatic room where he's able to meditate with Zora, his ex we see how they met and that they were engaged at one point. but a girl's got to eat, and sometimes you got to join a chain so you can run some train. that's quickly becoming a catchphrase of these breakdowns. and yet, we peaked at the bottom. after reconnecting, they reconnect and Zara tries to get Layton to stay up trained, but he's obviously torn by josie and miles being in the tail. the autopsy is carried out, and they determined that the butcher's would have the capabilities to do this. we also hear cows mooing and see the livestock firsthand. in the film, it was said that animals were thought to be extinct, but there were chicken eggs, so who knows if this was the case. either way, the cows are quickly wiped out after an avalanche starts. so this could be the reason that many thought that they were extinct. we're still unsure whether this show and the film will connect, but that's just something to bear in mind. after things died down, Layton and Beth discover a body in the freezer, which has been used to serve beef in the market car. we also see that there are suits that allow you to travel outside of the train. and this means it may be possible for someone to venture into the wilderness of the world. I don't know if that will happen, just letting you know they have the capabilities to go beyond the Train if they need to. another interesting aspect is that we see a brakeman dealing chronal. though this is used as an anaesthetic, the character should not have access to it. so it is possible that a black-market exists on board the train. and this would explain why, in the film, Nang Geun was able to become a chronal addict. in the tale, miles has recruited for an apprenticeship, and he separated from Josie. we don't exactly know what kind of apprenticeship this is for, but miles is obviously very close to Layton, and it could be another person of the Train that helps him with the revolution. Beth has a massive change of heart - and we actually see her go on a bit of an arc in this episode. initially, she allows God's to push Layton around, but after he starts to crack the case, she defends him from one, perhaps showing that Layton being brought to the front will slowly start to change people's minds. and those in third may even join the tale in their out pricing. unless you in first, you're pretty much there to be stepped upon. and whilst third and the tail have been turned on one another through manipulation by the front, it is possible that they may unite, which Beth definitely showcases. Layton draws a map of the Train as well, leading me to believe that he is indeed still planning his revolution. he escapes his cell and leaves it for people in the tail that have been brought up to work. Layton also allows himself to be used as a punching bag in order for them to get the information. and it's nice to see that being upfront hasn't changed his principles. one tale, thumbs up, if you like. one tale. Melanie obviously isn't happy with this, and she goes to visit Layton in his cell, and she tries to explain the economy that exists onboard snowpiercer Layton reveals that he knows Shawn Wise was an informant that was paid in perks, and the only reason that they were investigating it is because he may have given up things about Wilfred when he was tortured. so it does seem that someone onboard the Train, most likely the killer, knows that Melanie is masquerading as Wilfred. now I think Layton was pretty stupid to admit this, because all it does is put him directly in the firing line. I think as the show goes on, he will, of course, earn enough that Melanie and Wilfred are one in the same. and this will then lead to him being taken up by Melanie. if she was willing to kill, or at least cage Wilfred, as we've theorized, then it's more than likely she would do the same to Layton. she could merely tell the tale that he decided to live up train after solving the murder investigation, and then she could easily tell those up-train that he decided to return to the tale. it would be the perfect crime. and who knows what she will do. as for Wilfred, we do know that Sean Bean is cast as the character on IMDB. at one point in the episode, Melanie takes a long look at the prisoners in the drawers. and it is possible that she even has the real Wilfred stored away in them in case she needs to bring him out. I definitely think that we will be seeing him in some form or another, but exactly how, we don't know yet. overall, though, it was another cracking episode, and I'm so glad we're getting some great television like this in the lockdown snowpiercer has a two solid episode so far, and I'm very excited to see how things develop going forward, and what other twists and turns were in for. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts and what your theories are on the show. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video and didn't get a chance to see our breakdown of the first episode, then make sure you check it out. after this. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, and please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. we're gonna come chat to us after the show. either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people our subscribe to the channel. and this Manti can win the marvel face, the report to boxer. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you sit with notifications on. more video is he comment on, the more you have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. you. 