before begin let me start by saying this movie tries to portray living in solitude as a psychological struggle, but you ain't gonna convince me they're being able to ride better naked through your city on a stolen golf cart where you blare party man from your Batman soundtrack on the way as a store where you can have all the free coca-cola and twizzles you could ever want without being arrested. could ever be a bad thing? the star of our movie today is the man who is not such a fool as to hang his wife from the ceiling by a rope. does never not funny play. the store begins with my ideal version of the world, dead, silent. okay, a bit more dead than silent, I ain't gonna lie. two dead bodies could go. I mean, you hit one of those in your golf cart while you naked, a glass speed bump and your dingdong go flying arrow which way. but our story really begins with this fellow, doctor, Robert Morgan, who lives in post-apocalyptic America and doesn't realize the blessing he's been given. I understand some people think it's sad to find your neighbors deceased in your driveway. but to me, that's just living in my neighborhood. and you can already tell that this man is a bad by the fact that he takes a drink of his coffee straight out the pot, no cream, no sugar, just caffeinated badness. so he turns on his radio, says, k-o-k-w calling. i'm on international frequency. come in. and he hears, yeah, this is Will Smith. I'm stuck in a terrible remake of this movie. and dr. Morgan is like, ah, hell no. funk - the important thing to note here is that just because the world has ended doesn't mean that you ain't still got to work a day job. Morgan's job is vampire hunting, because it figures in this sick world that we live in that your neighbors could still be a nuisance, even after they're [ __ ] dead. I guess you could say that Morgan has a kind of checklist that he goes through every day. go in to eat breakfast. check, make a mental note. is just so damn depressed that you only see food as fuel and don't even enjoy eating anymore? check check your garlic reserves because this movie stereotypes vampires. is hating garlic. if I was a vampire, I'd be offended. check, look to see where you're supposed to hunt for vampires next. chick, carve out some wooden sticks, because this movie is not only stereotyping, but it's just downright prejudiced. if I was a vampire, I'd sue. check, clean up the neighborhood trash. check, notice that you've got to get moe gas on your ride home. take a moment to remember that you hate your life. chick, watch out for all the human speed bumps on your way to work, while you wish you and Nick 'add. chick, burn the neighborhood trash. check, pick up some garlic at the stove. I'm still offended. check, spent all damn day. Wesley Snipes frontin sure. well, that day was depressing as hell. if I was Morgan, I need to put on some jazz and get liquored up - oh Jesus, here come two drunks. and this one, let's just call him Earl, is like, come on, Morgan, I know you in there, Morgan. open up. but this man is a people person. he knows how to deal with nosy neighbors. get the [ __ ] outta here. oh, and Paul Morgan just sit there thinking, who well, if the world hadn't already ended, I'd have called the Popo on your fall times already. [ __ ] Earl. and as he dozes off, the last thing he hears is Earl's drunk saying, I love you, Morgan, yeah. so the next day, Morgan wakes up to do everything you did yesterday all over again. I swear, some people just don't know how to make the best of a rare opportunity. so to vent some rage, he takes a relaxing tribe to his local church. Morgan, if you're upset that you can't find anyone to talk to you, God is literally like the last person that will help. but Morgan falls asleep and wakes up in the middle of the night when all them blood sucking bits are roaming around. quick mode and grab one of the crosses. oh, I forgot. that's the only vampire stereotype they didn't leave in this movie. figures. so Morgan makes it home, and guess who's waiting for him? can Earl. but Morgan knows Earl's weakness, and he's like, the ugliness of your old face compels you. look at that ugly face. I'll look at it. so Morgan makes it back in the house and no, I'm done the movie. just wanted to make you worry a little bit. well, now that all the excitement is over, Mogan can get back to being depressed. and he looks back at all the family memories that he will never have again, you know, because they bit the big wooden stake. oh, we've all had this moment, just wanna die. you wouldn't feel that way if you'd gone and gotten yourself some damn Twizzlers. and the neighbors are still knocking because noisy people never [ __ ] sleep. and Morgan just sit there praying like, dear God, make me a bird so I can fly far, far away from here. you know, we use right now, a flashback. now, want to dwell on this for too long, because the only thing deadly of the vampires is overly drawn-out backstory. here it bottom line, Morgan had wife and daughter. Earl and Morgan were once best friends. the plot thickens anyway. Morgan had a wife and daughter. Morgan was a scientist working on killing the disease that turned everybody into the living dead. daughter get sick. daughter goes blind. wife wants to call dr. Morgan says it won't do no damn good and they'll just take her away. wife calls doctor after daughter passes away, because nobody ever listens to the smart person. Morgan watches daughter get thrown into big fire pit. Logan gets home. wife dies from disease. Mogan Bears wife. wife takes chill, death do us part way too damn seriously and comes back to kill Morgan. and that's why I never get married. and flashback. well, that was sad as hell. but hey, at least Morgan finds his damn dog. and last he has a companion again. but don't get too used to it, because if there's a dog in the movie, he's always gonna go to little doggie heaven always see what I say. dog had the disease and Morgan had to put him down. damn dog always up and died. what the hell's that a woman? well, let's just hope she doesn't have the disease. that worked out so well last time. I mean, what do we know about this lady? her name's Ruth. okay, she can look in mirrors, camp can stand garlic, but I'm still optimistic. no, I'm just playing. Morgan tells Ruth that he has a theory that he was bitten by a vampire bat in Panama that was carrying a weakened form of the disease, and that's why he can still order pizza. either that or the universe just wanted to quit him. take your pick. uh-huh. she is one of them, but somehow she has a serum that kind of halfway makes her not zombie. and she says, it's blood and vaccine that helps keep the disease from multiplying. we've had it for some time now. Morgan says, do you mean we? does this mean I can finally have some friends that don't want to kill me? and she says, no, actually, they all want you dead because you were killing half kill people for the last few years. and I'm supposed to keep you here with this water pistol while they mosey on over to put you on a spit. but she decide she can't do it, because that would be a lame ending to the movie. and he injects her with his blood, and it kills her, at last. there's a cure to this horrible disease. it's just too bad that wherever this people there are also quantifiable amounts of dem [ __ ]. so Ruth's people chase smoke into the church, and they turn them into a shish kebab. and as he dies, Mogan says, you maniacs, god damn you all to hell. duh. and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos when I quit enjoying talking like this. for movies, explain. for I'm jammed. the last man on earth to die one-handed like that, if he'd have just got naked. 