[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down some with old cartoons. today we're breaking down Animal Farm, a film about a bunch of farm animals to turn their form in to Soviet Russia. this movie can be considered disturbing because of the animal murders are just overall sad things. but don't think this is too bad, cuz I'm sure it's hard to network. should've shown it. I want to find out what happens in the film. stay tuned for the not so disturbing breakdown. narrator talking about how a farm has been in misery. the owner, farmer Jones, becomes an alcoholic. and as he's making his nightly rounds all intoxicated, the animals sit in fear of him, since, like they don't London a good old bullet. all the animals organize a meeting, and then they sneak into the meeting place. the big pig, old major, is the main speaker. we learned that he is dying. the animals all take their seats with the pigs, and the majority get to sit in the front old major space on. and a nice the animals to overthrow farmer Jones. old major declares that all animals are equal. before he kills over. and the animals sobbing its presence, farmer Jones hears them and fires off shots. fortunately run off. the next morning, the animals sitting at hunger because farmer Jones still sleep in a bed with his stinky whiskey breath. the animals ain't having it, so they break them to the full closet. but farmer Jones catches them. the animals turned to gristle and forced to farm out of the farm and ride back into the barn. he organizes a coalition, so the pigs direct the animals took fighting positions. the animal was molly-whopped the farmer, but a pig is shot, the rest of the animal was forced to humans out like the chickens they are, or humans. we see the dogs died leaving his we see the dogs died leaving his children alone. the analysts remove all the farmers important things. then I sit around and sing a new Negro spiritual, or, I mean, revolution song. in a wake of their new independence, fire dies down, and the animals, led by the pigs, venture into the owners house, making this damn daddy goat. they lead the house, but one peek, sneaks back into pushes the dog is out. then another Pig writes these laws for the new nation. the animals help each other to get back to farm work. sorry, farmer Jones, but the annum was working even better without a supervisor than they ever did with you on top of them. the animals shot recruiting to make the farm bigger. like talking to this cute little lamb. but they listen, unless they have a at time, like this bull. the pig makes plans. as things get worse for the Animal Farm in the seasons. he proposes that they eat less, but work hard. a turn for them to get electricity. Napoleon, the fat pig, argues with the speaker, and then he caused dogs to chase the speaker down. they catch them, and we hit a pig's cries. Napoleon steps up as the leader proposes that the speaker was a traitor who plotted to get the farmer back. under Napoleon's rule, the animals are more like slaves forced under the pigs. the work is a less to the pigs and dogs and all the foods fat bastard's. one evening though, the animals find out that the rules have changed a shop. trader trades with the pigs, causing uproar the animals, who remembered the old rules to never trade with outsiders. the chickens trot up, rising by attacking the pigs with eggs within, the dogs are clawed in, and the kitten gets tore up. oh man. the donkeys messed up the wrong animal. Napoleon start to trial and ask for all the guilty animals to helping the chickens, to come forward. then they are led out of massacred by the dogs. we see the rules of change again in blood. this time Napoleon keeps trading with the humans. the traders attract attention of jealous warmers who the hell counts their money in public. what a dumbass. the farmers didn't plot to take the farm bag, but they leave the intoxicated farmer Jones on his own. Napoleon tries organizing the animals, and we see a very plain out attempt by the animals. the farmers make it to the farm. any animals called their plan into action. the farmers build a barrier and mortally wound some of the animals. Napoleon's has caused the dogs out, as farmer has caused the dogs out. as farmer John's life stops. and dynamite in the windmill that the animals have been working so hard to build. the animals succeed in chasing the farmers away, but the windmill of the animals built exploded, killing farmer Jones. and probably some more violent stuff. are now gone. the pigs continue the heaven as the animals work long and hard. we see Napoleon has some kids. and we see the horse boxers, dying from his wound back from that fight. as he is lifting to rebuild the windmill, he gets crushed by a big rock. and the donkey cries on boxer. he did, though every tyres. a vehicle comes, and we see that the horse has been carried away to be made into glutton. the donkey chases after him, but the horse is long gone. a pig shots to tell lies to the animals being having it, but they get scared away by the dogs. the pigs drink to the horses memory with the whiskey bought from the horse's life years past. and we see the windmill is finished. he is prosperous. but the people were better people. but the analysts were better off under farmer Jones like a real civilization. is what the farm looks like. we see the pig celebrating, and they learn to walk on two feet. the donkey cries out as he sees a new rule. all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. Napoleon encourages the other piet leaders to adopt animal farm rules. it's the donkey sees the meeting. the animals plan on another rebellion led by the donkey. and the pig sit in fear. the army dogs are drunken in mobile. so the animals corner and kill the pigs. well, depending on how you see it, it can be a pretty disturbing field. think about this. even a donkey succeeded, was to say that another timer won't rise up again. anyway, let's talk about the monsters. third moment, and the most enjoyable moment in that spooky stuff. this movie was more cute than anything easily could have been shown on Disney or something. but the monsters third moment goes to the death. a boxer sat at the horses on Piers show them off, just for some whiskey. almost enjoyed moment is this. and that's it. this movie was released in 1954. Sammy, that schools became unsegregated, and one guy did autofocus for animals. anyway, on spooky and it's been a breakdown. thanks for watching this breakdown on Animal Farm. well aware this ain't down disturb you. but if you do want to see some more mister movies while some of the other breakdowns on my playlist and subscribe today. I upload every Monday and Friday. anyways, spooky out 