in today's video, we will go through the events of 2013's action comedy. this is the end. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more. the movie starts with the canadian actor seth rogen waiting for his canadian friend and fellow actor, jay barucho at the los angeles airport. the two have been best friends for ages. jay always makes sure to stay with seth when he is in la. the two meet and say their hellos. a paparazzi films seth. on their way back to the car, seth tells jay that he has planned out the best week for both of them. the duo then goes to seth's house. jay is impressed by the typical la, well furnished, modern home. seth has even laid out all of jay's favorite things on his table. that includes starburst beer, weed and joints that spell jay. the two happily smoke and drink while they play games on seth's 3d television. after some time, seth suggests they go to the actor james franco's housewarming party. jay's only friend, in la is seth. and he doesn't like to socialize with other celebrities. hence he is doubtful of the idea. but seth assures him that he will stick to jay throughout the party so he doesn't feel left out. jay finally agrees, and the duo leaves for james's new house. when they reach there, they are heavily impressed by the huge mansion. james welcomes them, but he calls jay the wrong name. jay shows them his paintings that he is incredibly proud of. the party is full of high-end celebrities like jonah hill, craig robinson, mindy kaling, rihanna, michael cera, emma watson, paul rudd, channing, tatum, kevin hart, aziz ansari and others. jay and seth meet several celebrities, but jay seems to be uncomfortable around most of them. they meet jonah hill, who warmly welcomes jay. however, jay makes up an excuse and goes outside to find someone to smoke with. some time later, jay is still wandering around the house alone when the guests start singing. finally, jay asks seth to accompany him to the nearest convenience store to buy some cigarettes. jay accuses seth of abandoning him. on their way to the store. as they are getting the cigarettes, suddenly an earthquake hits. everyone in the store starts to panic. then all of a sudden, several bright blue lights strike down from the sky. the people they strike on are levitated up towards the sky. then the lights suck them all up. che is stunned. when it is all over, the two rushed back to james's house. in their way, they witnessed several accidents and many people being killed. they somehow reached the party and are surprised to see that no one felt the earthquake. everything is as expected inside the house. jay tries to tell the others what had happened, but no one believes him. he asks seth to back him up, but seth lies just then all of them feel the house moving. the earthquake has struck again. as the shaking gets worse, everyone rushes out of the house. they see the hollywood hills in flames. everything around them is on fire. the guests have nowhere to go. then suddenly, james's front yard starts to crack, creating a huge sinkhole. the sinkhole drags everyone into it. most of the celebrities drop into it and die. j2 falls into the hole, but he saves himself by hanging onto the edge. finally, he somehow manages to climb up the sinkhole. he rushes into the house and sees that seth, james, craig and jonah are the only ones who have survived. jonah takes care of jay and asks the guys to give him some water. all the electronics have stopped working. the earthquake has destroyed most of los angeles. the group panics and takes off all of james's paintings and seals the doors with them. now they have to survive inside the house until help arrives. they count their supply to consist of only 12 bottles of water and 56 bottles of beer. for food, they only have a jar of nutella, a block of cheese, some eggs, a few bananas, some bacon and loads of drugs, but nothing that will last them longer than a few days. they also have one bar of milky way, which the guys fight over for their protection. they have james's revolver. that night, the boys sleep around the house, while listening to horrific noises coming from outside. they gather and sleep together because of the noises. jay suggests to seth that this might be the judgment day mentioned in the bible, but he dismisses it. the following day, the actor danny mcbride wakes up in one of the bathrooms of the house. he had crashed the party the day before and fell asleep there. danny doesn't know anything about the earthquakes and the sinkhole outside, so when he wakes up, he uses all of the group supplies and makes them a single breakfast. when the guys wake up, they are beyond surprised. they try to tell danny about the situation outside, but he doesn't believe them and instead makes fun of them. just then someone starts banging on the door repeatedly. the boys are too scared to open it. then a person creates a hole in the door and peeks through it. he is there asking for help. jay wants to let him in, but others are skeptical because he can be a burglar or a rapist. as he begs for them to let him in, someone else from outside cuts his head off. his head rolls on the floor in front of the guys. terrified, they kick it around. danny now believes that the guys weren't joking. they save whatever is left of the food. that night at dinner, jay suggests to the guys that this might be the biblical apocalypse, but the rest of them do not believe him. jay then reads a few lines from james's bible that says when the apocalypse will happen, the good people will be sucked into heaven, which explains the people being sucked when the first earthquake hit. he adds that the mountains will burn, referencing the hollywood hill burning, and that the devil will be released to the earth. jay believes that the guy's head was decapitated by the said devil. however, the rest of the group still doesn't believe it. for the next few days, they survive on the available food by distributing it amongst themselves. equally, the drugs keep them sane even during an apocalypse. they have the best time of their lives. one day, as they chill in the living room, a sudden noise startles them. someone is breaking down the door. in comes emma watson. she had been hiding in a drainpipe for all these days. she says that at the beginning she heard people running and crying for help. then it was replaced by strange creatures growling. emma believes that they are going through a zombie apocalypse. james welcomes her and lets her sleep in his room. outside the room, jay suggested the guys that, since there are six of them, emma might feel uncomfortable. hence, they should try and be as brotherly as possible. but the conversation soon turns into which one of them is likely to rape someone. emma hears this from the room and rushes out with an axe. she threatens the guys to give her all there is to drink. seth puts all the drinks in a bag. emma takes it and runs away. now the guys are thirsty and have nothing to drink. there is a way to the underground cellar from james's yard. he has gallons of water in there. however, someone has to go outside to get the water in the house. seth likes a match and suggests whoever gets the burnt match will have to go. craig gets the match. with no other choice, he goes outside to the cellar. the outside is a mess. everything has burnt down and there is smoke everywhere. craig tries to open the door to the cellar, but it is locked. as he is running outside, he sees a creature in front of him. somehow he gets inside and tells others about it. james tells him that the cellar is just below the living room floor. so the group now starts to break the floor with whatever tools they have available. craig tells jay that after seeing the creature outside, he believes his theory. later, as seth and jay try to break the floor, they fall right into it. the group celebrates when they find two large gallons of water. at dinner, dany goes in to get a second glass of water, but the group has agreed to drink only one glass of water per dinner to save it for a long time. when they do not let danny drink water, he gets upset and drinks water straight from the gallon. everyone tries to stop him, but they lose a lot of water during the argument. the group then secretly decides that dany needs to be kicked out of the house. when they tell him about their decision, danny gets agitated and tries to shoot them with james's gun. thankfully, it is just a prop and no one dies. after that, dany goes out of the house himself. that night, jonah is sleeping when a large creature enters his room. it touches jonah, but he is half asleep. he thinks that it is craig messing with him. when he finally opens his eyes, the creature is right in front of him. cut to the next day. without water and enough food, the boys have started drinking their urine to survive. they quickly have to get water from the nearest house to survive. they do the match trick again. this time seth gets the burnt match, meaning that it is his turn to go. but he refuses to show him that he is a coward. jay and craig leave. instead, they go inside the nearest house and are happy when they find a cabinet full of food. but just then they are attacked by a demonic creature. they run away from the home, trying to save their lives. meanwhile, at james's house, seth and james find jonah lying on the ground struggling. first they think that his lbs is acting up, but they soon realize that jonah is possessed by the devil he saw last night. he vomits black, slimy liquid all over them and chases the two around the house. just then jay and craig get back, narrowly avoiding the demon outside. but as they get in, jonah tries to attack them. jay hits him with a bat, making him unconscious. then the group ties joan into a bed, and jay tries to perform an exorcism on him. he says the lines from the movie the exorcist and hopes for the best. but to everyone's surprise, the lines work. jay and seth get into a fight in the middle of the exorcism because jay calls seth a sellout. seth accidentally topples the candles over, causing the bed to light on fire. jonah is now entirely in flames. the group runs outside as the whole house burns down. on top of that, a huge demon appears in front of the group outside. the house is burning, so they have nowhere to go. craig offers to distract the demon from saving his friends. the rest of them are thankful. crying successfully distracts the demon as others get in the car. but before the demon can kill craig. a bright blue light shines upon him, and he is pulled into heaven. since he sacrificed himself for his friends, he was saved. the group now hopes that if they are nice to each other, they will be safe too. as they are driving, a group of people mobs them. they drag them out of the car. their leader comes out, who happens to be dany. he tells him that he has joined this group of cannibals and is about to kill them. now james offers to sacrifice himself to save seth and jay. as the other two run away, james is pulled by the bright light too. his sacrifice had worked. james insults dany as he is being pulled, which causes the light to go away. he falls back to the ground. the group eats james alive. they chase seth and jay as well, but they manage to hide. a massive demon appears right in front of them. the demon grows several heads from its back. seth and jay accept their death and apologize to each other for everything they've done wrong. just then the bright light shines upon jay, and he is pulled upwards. however, seth is left on the ground. jay grabs seth's hand and pulls him upwards. but halfway there, the light doesn't let him go any further. however, jay holds on to his friend. now both jay and seth start to go down. so to save jay, seth offers to leave his hand and drop to the ground himself. seth falls directly into the demon's mouth, but just then the light shines upon him as well. both friends now land in heaven and are welcomed by craig. he tells them that anything they can think of they will get. jay thinks of the backstreet boys performing. the movie ends as the band performs their song, everybody and everyone dances. thanks for watching. make sure to like and comment on the video if you enjoyed it. and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 