hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2004 fantasy adventure film, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, the third Harry Potter film. so let's get started. the spoiler does require, in part that you've seen the previous films. if you'd like to see a spoiler for them, please check out the link in the cards. the film opens with Harry running away after a magical altercation with his family, and eventually meets up with his friends and learns of Sirius Black, a convicted murderer and a Death Eater, or a servant of all the more, and that Sirius Black has escaped from the brutal prison known as Azkaban with the sole intent of killing Harry. as the gang are heading to school aboard the Hogwarts Express, they encounter Dementors, or spiritual beings that feed off happiness and sort of as guards to the prison as Caban. the Dementors are there searching for Sirius. one of the Dementors enters their compartment, which causes Harry to pass out. the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Lupin, repels the Dementor with a Patronus charm. once they arrive at school, Dumbledore announces that the Dementors will be guarding the school while Sirius is still on the loose. Hagrid also announced that he will be teaching the care of magical creatures class. however, during his first class, Draco Malfoy provokes a Hippogriff named Buckbeak, which attacks Draco. because of his father's political position. Buckbeak gets sentenced to death. The Fat Lady's portrait, which guards Gryffindor's quarters, is vandalized, and the fat lady tells Dumbledore that Sirius Black has entered the castle. later, during a Quidditch match, Dementors attack Harry, causing him to fall off his broom, which is destroyed by the school's whomping willow tree. because of these encounters, Lupin trained Harry to use the Patronus charm to defend himself against Dementors. and it's haver near the school called hogs knee, where they serve drinks like Butterbean. here he learned that Sirius Black had been his parents friend, but betrayed them and gave their location of all d'amour. Harry also learns that Sirius is Harry's Godfather. Harry, Ron and Hermione witness buck Pete's execution, and Ron's pet, Scabbers, bites him and scheme's. Ron chases Scabbers, but a large dog stops him, which drags Ron and Scabbers into a secret hole at the base of the whomping willow tree, which leads to the shrieking Shack. the trio discovered that the dog is actually serious, who is an amicus, or able to turn into a specific animal at will. Lupin arrives in Greece, serious as an old friend. Lupin explains that he is actually a werewolf, explaining some of lupins odd behavior throughout the year, and that serious is actually innocent. Sirius was falsely accused of betraying Harry's parents and also for killing their friend Peter Pettigrew. it is revealed that Scabbers is actually Pettigrew, hiding out for over a decade as a rat, and was actually the one who betrayed James and Lily hot. Lupin and Sirius prepare to kill Pettigrew, but Harry convinces them to turn Pettigrew over to the Dementors. as they leave, a full moon rises and Lupin begins to transform into a werewolf. and Sirius tries to fight a mock in his dog. for Pettigrew is turned back into Iraq and escapes. serious and Harry are attacked by Dementors, and in the distance, they see a powerful Petronas be cast, which Harry believes is from his dead father. and the Harry passes out. Harry later awakens and discovers that Sirius has been captured and is sentenced to essentially death via a Dementors kiss. Harry discovers that Hermione has a time term, or a time travel device. and the two of them go back to earlier in the evening. they're able to save the Hippogriff, buck feed, and they see the other Harry and Sirius be surrounded by Dementors. it is revealed that actually Harry is the one who cast the Patronus, rescuing himself. they then rescue Sirius, who escapes from the school on the back of Buckbeak. Lupin resign as he knows that parents won't want a werewolf as a teacher. Sirius and Harry a new broom, and Harry takes it for a ride as the film ends. so that was the spoilers for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 