welcome to the man of recaps. this is dark season 3. at the end of season 2, the apocalypse was starting in windin, Marto was just shot by illness his older self, Adam. but another marcha came in with black hair and bangs like, hey, I'm from another world. let's peace out of here. she and yonas pop up in her world. but in typical dark fashion, she doesn't tell him what he's supposed to do and just leaves him to figure it out. so welcome to earth 2, aka mirror world. Marta is filling the onus is role in this world, wearing his yellow rain jacket and everything. and in fact, she's living in his house, but everything is backwards. yeah, it's super trippy. the Nielsen's are living in unisys house because in this reality, ulrich left catarina for hannah, who is now pregnant. but Oliver can't help himself. in this reality, he's cheating on his wife, Hannah, with his co-worker, Charlotte Doppler. there's a lot of other fun minor changes, like Magnus has black hair and tattoos. he's still dating Francisca Doppler, but in this one she's deaf, and her sister Elizabeth can speak. also, eyepatch cop Waller has both his eyes here, but he's lost an arm. and we still don't have any idea why. Jonas tracks down Marta, but this version of her hasn't time traveled yet and doesn't recognize him at all. because on the night the gang goes to explore the caves, Mikkel was sound asleep in bed. he never travels back, and yonus is never born. yonis meets old Marta, who was a mirror of his older self, Adam. in fact, there's a whole Adam and Eve theme going on. she goes by Eva, she's like, hey, onus. the apocalypse is coming to this world - in just a few days. you need to stop it. illness has spent two seasons now doing what older Time Traveller's have told him to and they basically all, I'd to him. but she's like, no, no, you can trust me. this time it's for real. now, the slightly older Marta that saved yonas from the apocalypse has travelled way back to 1888. here she finds doing some cool, old timey experiments. adulty Onis, yeah, when he and the teenagers escaped the apocalypse. they accidentally traveled way back here. yonas is super happy to see Marta alive, but she's got to break the bad news to him, no, I'm not, you're Marta. I'm from Earth - their time machine is out of juice. so they're all stuck here. but they have an old, blind man, patron, who's helping them reinvent time travel because he's part of sick mundis. this is old man tan house. yes, he's a descendant of wind ins time travel clock maker. turns out, Adam is not the founder of Sigma anis. it's the tan house family legacy going back to when this guy's dad tried to invent time travel to bring back his dead wife. anyway, Marta has one orb of time-travel juice left and options to share it with them to help jump-start their time travel experiment. but they don't have the calculations right yet. it's not working. and Marta's disappeared. yeah, she lied to them. she's got plenty of juice left, and pieces out of there, leaving them stranded in 1880's. turns out, right now she's working for Adam. Jonas is older. he's gathered all of secundus here in the future, and claims to have the solution to finally fix this whole time travel mess. now, there's a new character this season who has no name, but I'll call him creepy cleft lip man. in fact, he travels around with his younger and older selves. yeah, there the cleft lip trio. he roams around the time line, pulling out his strangle string and killing minor characters while his younger and older self watch. in the aftermath of the world 1 apocalypse, Peter and Elizabeth Doppler are going around looking for their family, but Charlotte Doppler was transported to the far future, where she's hanging out with a grown up Elizabeth, who she just found out is her daughter and her mother. all things considered, they process it pretty well. back in the immediate post apocalypse, a young Noah's befriended a young Elizabeth, but her father doesn't trust him, and he's right not to trust people, because the post apocalypse is full of desperate scavengers. oh, they end up in a big fight 10 both. Elizabeth kills this guy, but not before he killed her father. she runs often teams up with Noah. that's how these two end up together elsewhere. in the immediate post apocalypse, Claudia Tiedemann is starting to piece together this whole time travel puzzle. her daughter, Regina, survived in the bunker with him, but she's still dying of cancer. now, Claudia was not married, and Regina's father is unknown. in the eighties, she was having an affair with truant Nielsen, and we find out that goes way back to when they were teenagers. so taranta Nielsen is probably Regina's father. in fact, an older truant Nielsen shows up now in the post apocalypse, like, hey, sorry. you're probably my daughter, but I've got a smother you with this pillow. this is the first of multiple parent-child murders this season, so watch out for that. yo. mrs. mama hana travel back to the 1950s last season, and she did, in fact start up an affair with young Aegon Tiedemann. it's all fun and games until she gets pregnant. long story short, they fight about it and she leaves to start a new life. hey, God apologizes to his wife. but she's still in love with Agnes Nielsen, her lesbian girlfriend from last season. who's gone missing. now, beep, new time-travel stuff. anyway, she wants a divorce, and aegon starts turning into the old drunk cop from the eighties we know. Katerina Nielsen has time traveled to the 80s to find her son, Mikkel, who is now missing. still, turns out he and his adopted mom are laying low. after Michael is kidnapped by the crazy old man last season, Katerina tracked this crazy old man down, and it is her old husband, old wreck. she makes a plan to break him out of here. they're not experienced enough time travelers to have the idea to go back to the 50s when he was still young. anyway, turns out a nurse who works here is Catarina's mother. she was a bad, abusive mom, though. so Katerina goes to mugger like, hey, give me your key card. but bad mom fights back and, oh, and sup killing her daughter, parent, child murder number 2. now on earth-2, yonas tracks down mark, I like, hey, I'm your time-traveling boyfriend, nephew from an alternate world. I need your help to stop the apocalypse. Marta's had just a weird enough few days to be like, yeah, I guess I'll follow the stranger into the caves. he takes her through the tomtravel tunnel where they go to the earth to future this apocalypse. so everything in the desert. they meet up with adults Marta, who fills them in, yeah, the apocalypse is coming. you guys gotta go stop it. this is a lot for young Marta to process, but the onus is here to help her through it. and they start smooching. and wait a second. no, time travelers are coming to cock-block them. this time, these two finally get it on. but just then, on earth one, a slightly older Marta's getting the news from Adam. yeah, she's braggers. 1 times all it took. and turns out her and yonas, his son, is the start of this whole messed up family tree. their son is creepy, cleft lip guy. and we see from the family tree that he got with agnes Nielsen. so he is truant Nielsen's father, the progenitor of the Nielsen family line, of which Marta and Jonas are both descended. they are their own great-great grandparents. but on earth - they don't know this yet. they're breaking into the nuclear power plant to stop the apocalypse. but on the way in, Marty gets a cut under her eye, the same cut that the Marto who rescued him from the apocalypse had. notices like, hold up. we're not changing anything. we're just causing the cycle to repeat. our older self slide to us again. they go to confront Eva, who's like, yes, sorry. I totally lied to you. I'm not trying to stop the apocalypse. I want to keep the loop intact. and in fact, yonus, your part in it is over. just then, an even more slightly older Marta, who's now got a big scar, comes out, sorry about this and all those shoots. yonus, a scarring, tragic moment for her younger self. why would she do this? wait a second, though. you always can't die here because we've seen his old ourselves. how does this work? well, diva tries to explain that at the moment of the apocalypse, time stands still for a fraction of a second. that loophole allows multiple timelines to exist simultaneously, the one we saw where Marta takes him to earth - and the normal one, where he hides in the basement and grows into his older cells, quantum entanglement - make sense, right? yeah, good enough. so now on earth - it's the day of the apocalypse. it happens a lot sooner on this earth, because the whole investigation, they cut through pretty quick. Alexander Tiedemann, for instance, comes clean about his fake identity. it has nothing to do with time travel. it's just normal. mundane accidentally killed a guy and assumed a fake identity. he also comes clean about the radioactive waste, and they open the barrels much earlier. so it's apocalypse. blonde Marta is racing to stop it with her earth - long-haired bartosh. but this is atoms big moment. he's sending all of sake move this back to important points in the timeline, including an older Magnus and Francisca, to stop. Marta. like, hey, sorry, Eva. lied to you. you come with us and work for Adam. we can stop the apocalypse for real. so Martha's caught up to her slightly older self, who rescued Onis from the apocalypse. but now in the future, Adams got her tied up. he's like, 66 years I've been searching for the origin, and turns out it is our baby real sorry about this, but the only way to fix the timeline is to human sacrifice you. now. so, boom, it's apocalypse in earth 2. and with the power of the apocalypse, so Martha's disintegrated, but nothing happens. Adam doesn't fade from existence because Eva's got her own troops going around. she doesn't want to erase the loop. she wants to keep it intact, because she says, life is better than nothingness. she sends an older bartosh to rescue his younger self and go find Marta when she's about to rescue yonus, say, hey, Adams, gonna betray you. you got to come back with me. so because of the loophole, the second Marta exists, and Eva, who gives her this car, introduces her to her son and is like, hey, the only way to save him and all of us is for you to go kill yonus. now there's a great episode that travels all around through time, filling in the details of things we could mostly assume. normal. Leona survived the apocalypse in his basement and worked with Claudia Tiedemann to try to make the time travel blog. after a while, he lost hope, but met up with young noah, who showed him, hey, man, you can't die because you need to grow into adam. we're gonna save the world. so the three of them spent 30 years together in the apocalypse, trying to turn the god particle into the time-travel blob. no and elizabeth had a beautiful relationship where she's like, tell me about paradise and he's like, paradise is gonna be wonderful, baby, trust me. they built a life together in the post-apocalyptic wasteland. and these two are super cute, until one day, older Elizabeth came with her mom daughter, Charlotte, and kidnapped baby Charlotte. yes, she kidnapped her own baby from herself, because now she believes that's the only way to really make paradise happen. losing his daughter sent Noah down a dark path. and when they eventually figured out time travel, he ended up working for Adam, who was like, hey, by killing the kids and inventing time travel is the only way you can actually save your daughter. but of course, we know Adams lying to him. again. one in the far past, Jonases mom, hana, shows up with her daughter, buying on Tiedemann and oh, he spent his life swearing it would never happen. yonus is becoming Adam after earth to March of a trade him. it sent him down a dark path, and they spent years trying to fix time-travel, which, oh, we ended up getting pretty burned. we can assume Hana was sent here by Eva, who at this point, Adam doesn't trust at all. so sorry, mom, but he smothers his mom. child parent murder number three, he grabs his half-sister named Julia, and sends her to the future, because, yeah, that's the girl with the scar we met in season two. then later, an older Adam since her back to the 1880s to meet and fall in love with bartosh. they have a son together, and turns out bartosh is Noah's father. tragically, we know that older bar Tasha's teenage Noah's first kill. so that's child-parent murder number four. and remember, Noah's sister is Agnes Nielsen, who father's tromped with, Martin Jonas's son. so bartosh had a big role to play. he's super important to the family tree. and so all our characters grow into their future selves and reenact. seasons 1, &amp; 2, thinking that now they're doing the real thing to save the timeline. but unfortunately, all their stories and tragically. and so at the end of Eunice's journey, he kills Marta and his unborn son, trying to erase the timeline. but it doesn't work. who's this creeping around the corner? though? it is old Claudia Tatum, in that time-travel master. she fills him in on wise, plan didn't work, because he but grabbed an alternate Martha, and they still have the baby. but all hope is not lost, because there's a final twist. there's not just two earths, there's three. yeah. in retrospect, this whole shows been about threes. you really should have seen that comment. see, early on, claudia was approached by her earth to self and recruited her to work for eva to keep the loop intact. but claudia doesn't like this loop because her daughter, reginae still dies. in fact, it's claudia who sends John Nielsen back to kill Regina to motivate her younger self. turns out truant is not the father. now, because truant is not Regina's father, Regina's not part of this crazy time-travel family tree. if she can break the loop, Regina can live. so Claudia actually kills her earth-2 doppelganger and replaces her on Eva's team. she spends her life traveling between the two worlds, learning everything about both, and finally infers the existence of a third world, the real world. yes, turns out the real start of this loop is 10 house, the clock maker. when his son and family died in a car crash, he took up his family's ancient legacy to try to invent time travel. turns out he kind of succeeded by splitting his world into two and opening the time travel wormhole in them. so if they can get to the origin world and stop his family from dying, they can finally fix this whole mess. so back during the earth 1 apocalypse of the pole, Adam creates a new timeline where he goes to see yonas minutes after he just shot Marta. he grabs him though and warps him out of there. like, hey, sorry. I just shot Marta. I'm an older Adam now, and I realized I was actually the bad guy. I know I've done nothing but lie to you so far, telling you that this time we can really fix things. but this time we can really fix things. so yonas finds her to Marta about to be picked up by Cygnus. and to be dramatic, puts the time machine in his pocket and Ramzan time travel tackle. miss Marta just saw Yunus die. and this Yunus has never met birth to Marta, but any illness and Martha have a deep connection, and she's had just a weird in a few days to follow him into the caves again. so at the moment when tan house prime fires up his machine, it opens up the passage, and boom, we're in the real world. hen house is having a normal, mundane argument with his son, who's like, hey, even though it's dark and rainy, we're gonna drive home tonight. but appearing on the road, it's yonas hen Marta. and hoe know, for a second we think maybe they caused the accident. but luckily, it doesn't go that way. he's like, hey, what are you two doing in the road? and they're like, oh, um, the bridge ahead is closed. so he goes back to his dad's hey, we'll just leave in the morning. and they do not die in a car crash. tonight. and yes, yonas and Marta are thanos, snap, disappearing. we're a perfect match. never believe anything else. and these two fade out of existence. both worlds we know it raced from existence, which is a good thing, because on the whole, they were pretty bad. unison Martin made the sacrifice, but it's all thanks to old Claudia Tiedemann who figured it out. so now, in the present of the one and only real world, all the characters who weren't part of the crazy time-travel family tree are living normal, happy lives. this includes Claudia's daughter, Regina, who we see from the family photo her father was old, burned dopler. definitely a bit creepy because he was a grown-ass man when she was a preteen. but from the photo, they seem like a happy family. and I guess a 25 year age difference isn't that bad compared to, you know, being your own great-great grandparents. anyway, in this world, Hana is with eyepatch. cop Waller, his eye is injured, but it's gonna be okay. and we're just about to finally find out what happened when the power goes out. now, I need answers on against a weird feeling of deja vu when she sees a yellow rain jacket, but it's like, oh, I guess it was nothing. she is in fact pregnant, and thinks to herself, you know, I might name the baby Jonas. and that's how dark comes to an end. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 