six months after half of all life returned from the blip. sam wilson, with support from u.s air force, first lieutenant hawking torres, stops george bedrock and terrorist group laf who have hijacked a plan and taken the house. state offered tunisia. wilson, who was given the mantle of captain america by steve rogers, struggled with this idea and decides to give roger steele to the u.s government for museum display. bucky barnes, who was recently pardoned, attends government magnetic therapy. he discussed his attempts to make amends for his time as bran was assassin the winter soldier in switzerland. torres investigates another terrorist group, the flag's messer, who believed life was better during the blip. torres is injured by a member of the group with superhuman strength when he witnessed them a rob bank in switzerland. he later informed wilson of this, who has been attempting to help his reluctant sister sarah with the family fishing business. the government soon announced a new captain america. john walker. walker appears on good morning america and reveals he desires to live up to roger's mantle. barnes tells wilson that he should have kept the shield and decides to accompany wilson deal munich, where the flagsmaster and their leader, carly morgenthau, are stealing a shipment of medicine. wilson and barnes attacked the group, but they are super soldier and overpower the pair. walker and lamar hoskin arrive to help, but the flex messer escape. walker wants to work with barnes and wilson, but they refuse. traveling to baltimore, barnes introduced wilson to assaiya bradley, a veteran super soldier who fought the winter soldier in the korean war. bradley refused to help them uncover information about additional super soldiers due to being imprisoned and experimented on by the u.s government and hydra for 30 years. burns is arrested for missing a therapy appointment, but walker has him released. burns and wilson again refused to work with walker. and barnes suggests to wilson that they visit the imprisoned helmut zemo unbeknownst to wilson, barnes orchestrates a prison riot to help zemo escape. and he agrees to help to stop the flag spencer. they travel to mad report, a criminal sanctuary city island, and meet with high ranking criminal selby. she reveals that the power broker hired former hydera scientist, dr wilford nigel to recreate the super soldier's room. wilson's identity is exposed by sarah cole. shelby is killed, and a bounty is subsequently a place on wilson. barnes and zemo, as they escape, saron carter, who has been living as a fugitive, saves them from bounty hunters and brings them to an edge lab. they learn he recreated 20 doors of the serum with the flex master stall. zemo, unexpected kills nigel and the lab is destroyed. but zemo steals a getaway vehicle. carter stays behind, and wilson agrees to obtain a pardon for her. walker and hoskin arrive in berlin and deduce that barnes and wilson helped zemo escape, while the flagsmaster read the global representation console storage facility in lithuania for supplies zemo. burns and wilson traveled to latvia in search of morgan flaw. barnes recognized wakandan's tracking device in the street and confronts duramilaji ao, who demands zemo. [Music] 