what is up? welcome in today's and he explained, I'll be covering a quick recap, than a deep dive explanation of the outstanding sci-fi thriller, contact, in which a discovery of an intergalactic signal changes everything we know about the universe, written by thee OG astrophysicist who literally sent a golden disc for aliens on the Voyager, and based on the book of the same name, it's an inspiring, heart-wrenching, underdog story that doesn't end the way you'd expect it. now you know the drill for these videos. after the recap, I'll be explaining the ending in everything mind-bending about this movie, and you can find the time sense for that in the description below. I'll definitely be covering what Ellie Sean our journey through the wormhole, and why the government reacted the way it did, and also some other points. but if the ending of this movie made you think, what? that's how it ends? just you wait, because at first I'm going to change your mind. my goal is to get you thinking that ending was actually perfect. after that, we're going deeper. if you watch this movie and you were thinking, what the hell is wrong with these aliens are like trolling us. or if you hated the hokey religious message at the end, stick around, because we have this video. I'm going to prove to you what really happened. and the genius of this movie and of Carl Sagan contact has inspired a generation of artists and scientists alike. and for a good reason. we are diving deep into this one. if you want to skip the recap, the time stone for the explanation is on screen. now. this is contact. now, there's this girl, little Ellie Arroway. she's in the space lives of her dad, and this little batty is a licensed ham radio operator. callsign in everything diary yome. dad's very supportive. she draws a picture of Pensacola for him, and we find out her mom died, and then her dad dies too. yeah, this movie starts off brutal. poor little Ellie even tries to contact his spirit on the radio. and it's so heartbreaking. but also, like, and I don't mean to be a dick here, that's not proper protocol, you know, there are some damn operators out there triangulating and reporting her as we speak. I guess she made it through radio Jail, because now she's all grown up and her job is space radios. yeah, uh, working for SETI search for extraterrestrial intelligence in Puerto Rico. she's trying to listen in for signals to find proof that aliens are out there, which is pretty kooky, but, uh, okay, you do you girl. you live in your best life. I mean, it's not like she's actually gonna find some in this movie, right? anyway, she meets this really handsome guy named Palmer Josh, a Christian writer who knows enough about science that he can keep up with Ellie and talk science and faith and all kinds of things. and, well, she's impressed. he's impressed. they're both an attractive man and woman on screen together in a movie. yep. one thing leads to another, and they make contact. yeah, you heard me. but there's trouble. you see, there's this Butthead named dr. drumlin in oh my god, I hate this guy. and this movie really makes you want to get your hands around this guy's neck so many times. like the first thing he does in this movie is he shuts down studies operation in Puerto Rico like an absolute prick, leaving everyone just scrambling to get a foothold. so Ellie somehow secures funding from an unseen rich guy and is able to take her team to New Mexico to work at the Very Large Array. Thank You, Velma. if I have better luck over there, but for you to do, they're having the worst luck. they're not picking up any signals, and drumlin is still being a pain in the butt trying to get them kicked out of the Large Array. oh, I'm so piece of garbage, piece of sh and now Ellie's getting worried, because she knows if this goes on, she could lose the chance to make history forever. and so she goes it alone, trying to listen for a sign from above. and that's when something changes. as she's listening to her headphones, there's this weird signal that she hasn't heard before, and realizes what it is. it's here. she crushes back to the office to figure out if this is a real alien signal. it is. it's a signal coming from the vaguest are 26 light years away, broadcasting the secrets of prime numbers again and again. something intelligent is out there. this is huge. Ellie tells the world and everyone wants to know, reporters, the army, scientists, signed apologists, my grandma, everyone. on top of that, the NSA said, Michael Kitz to meet Ellie. this guy is always very serious, very professional and very good at his job. he doesn't like all this alien signal business because, you know, these aliens might be a threat. so this guy with tromelin are trying to learn more about this signal. they loaded up on a TV monitor, and it's a bit hard to tell, so they try zooming out, and oh, it's a black-and-white broadcast of everyone's a favorite leader of Germany at the Olympics, retro Nazi aliens. this can't be good. boy. there's a way to explain this. you see, the 1936 Olympics was one of the first television signals to be broadcasted at a frequency high enough to reach space. so this is just the alien saying, we heard you. okay. thank God the aliens are not Nazis. or are they? no, no, just kidding. they're not, right? so news of the signal reaches the president in the White House, sets of this group to deal with all of this, choosing drumlin to lead this committee, who's taken credit for finding the signal. what a prick. now, the reactions to all this by everyone else is very, very mixed. I mean, you got people making jokes, protests, fear, obviously, dancing and singing, as well as religious nuts going off on scientists in even people trying to make money off of the trend. all they're missing are the memes, and it would be a hundred percent realistic. now, the team manages to figure out that this signal has another third layer to it, build of diagrams in code that no one can figure out. none less smart people to the White House has honest candy coat it. it's unbreakable, except after Ellie goes home, she gets a tip from this really eccentric billionaire named SR Hadden. this guy is wild. he's been keeping tabs on her and her dad for years now, controlling and making her the person she would become today, all from his airplane home. heck, he was the one who got her the money for Mexico. this guy is invested in her. and the day he's got a gift. the Primmer, the key to understanding the COPE, because he knows what it is, a set of 3d blueprints. Ellie, of course, tells the committee about this, and they start to get worried and nervous about the blueprints. I mean, it's great that they know what it is now, but they have no idea what it does or why it was even sent. I mean, sure, they build it. what if it's a weapon? what if it's dangerous? is this sort of thinking that stops them from even building it, even with Ali trying to tell them, you know, we should be open about this. maybe it's not a weapon. maybe it's a library, or an encyclopedia, or even a transporter. and guess what? Elly is right. the blueprints are for a transporter big enough to fit someone inside of it. the aliens want to meet us. what do you think it all it took for us to meet was to send a video of this failed Austrian artist. now word gets out about this, and the world learns about this plan. we send a human through the transporter, and it becomes a competition to be the one to make first contact, with ten people from around the world competing to be that person, including Ellie drumlin. it's like The Bachelor, but with green little men. oh, and Jared Palmer. Joss yeah. well, he's back in all his life now, because he's a part of the committee that's choosing the person who's gonna go through the transporter. and he also still has a thing for Ally, and he doesn't want it to go in. very CUTE, Palmer, very cute. since the machine opens up an einstein-rosen bridge, a wormhole that will mess with time in space. if she goes in and comes back, maybe everyone she knows and loves will be dead, or she might not even come back at all. really think about Ellie. and I actually want to talk a bit more about this wormhole thing, but let's get to that later. because, yeah, the risks are bad, like really, really bad. and Ellie still wants to go. nothing's gonna keep this girl down. but she doesn't get picked because, and get this, because she doesn't believe in God. since 95% of the world is religious, the committee thinks she's a bad fit. she doesn't represent most of us, which, okay, I can accept. but do you know who actually gets the job? tromelin. this garbage person lies and plays up his religious beliefs in front of the committee, even though it's obvious that he's just doing this for the rep for the fame and for the credit and for all the money and all that jazz. it's crazy. hey, there's perfectly suitable candidate who not only found a signal in the first place, but it has also been invested in this for years, and has also trust with me because she's honest about her beliefs. but because of that, they choose this guy. unbelievable. and that's another thing. throughout this movie, there is this theme of humans being arrogant, like they do things they believe is right, regardless of their expertise. sometimes it's disbelief that scientists are evil because they're against religion. sometimes they make it about themselves rather than the science, like drumlin, who's now also a candidate, so he will be getting full credit after meeting the aliens. uh. oh. and of course there's Michael Kitz who's wanted to keep America safe, stop Sulu, see this as a good thing. wanted to keep it under wraps and safe. and this arrogance is reflected in other things, like the blueprint. because the original pod design did not have this chair in it, but whoever made the pod decided to add one anyway. it shows arrogance in our part, you know, like we would know what's best to add or remove in an alien machine of a sheen, mind you, that we didn't even want to build in the first place. absolutely ridiculous. anyway, the transporter gets built, right? but then this crazy preacher blows it up, killing innocent people. and, drumlin, I mean them. I know it's not right to speak ill of the dead, but could be fairly said. Bezos who? I mean, Adhan is there to help her out, telling her there's a backup sign in Japan, and hadn't want you to go to the machine. that also helps that they want an American to go through to go figure. but when she gets there, things are tense as they get ready for this. they're giving her cyanide pills just in case she doesn't make it back. and even launch commanders to be believed they've only got one shot at this, so, uh, no pressure, Ellie. all she has to do is get into the pod, strapped into the chair and get ready. but something goes wrong as the Machine starts powering up. and maybe it's due to electromagnetic radiation, but the floor becomes see-through. the radio, the pod camera goes on the fritz, and Ellie begins seeing these strange lights. and that's just on the inside. on the outside the pod, the machine is a building on this really bright light crane, the strong gravitational pull on the outside, like it's strong able to knock over these big ships nearby. in this building, things are getting out of hand very quickly. and Ellie's like, no, I can do this. so they let her go, dropping her into this ball of light made by the Machine. and that's when gravity goes weird and the chair breaks off. and at least sees herself being dropped into what looks like a wormhole, going on a journey across the galaxy, like a tourist on a bus, seeing all kinds of things, great, big stars, a huge city on an planet, in this giant machine, and so much more. it's also beautiful. they should have sent the poet. she blacks out and wakes up on the beach that looks like that draws Schmidt for her dad years ago, and only finds out that the air here shimmers when she touches it, at least sometimes. then, for the other said the beach comes this shape. it's an alien who slowly becomes her dad. so this is a vagin and the reason why it looks like this is to make Elly feel comfortable. I wouldn't want to scare if it's true from I guess this guy starts talking about these and we learn a lot from him, like how the aliens didn't create the transporter. they were just like us and got the plans from an even older race. there's also a lot more aliens out there who haven't been allowed to interact with humans. this is more of a courtesy call, a quick hello there, neighbor, to let us know that we aren't alone in the universe and that we're not ready to join the neighborhood yet. this beach is awaiting. all this was just the first step towards doing the vacants, and we'll need to take the second step if we want to join the rest of them. and he leaves Ellie with some wisdom. humans are capable of such beautiful dreams and such horrible nightmares. you feel so lost and alone, but you're not. the only thing that makes that emptiness bearable is each other. one day we'll be ready, but it's gonna take a few steps to get there. small moves, Ellie, small moves, it's a beautiful, trippy moment, almost like a dream. and much like a dream, it ends, I'll be waking up back in the pod on earth. and she's confused. she was gone for eighteen hours, but according to the crew, the Machine failed. the PATA didn't go anywhere. and here camera only recorded static. but we shot she went through right disk. it's any sent to court because people want to know what happened, but no one believes her story. she's nothing to prove it. and he's even open to the chance that maybe she'd dreamed the whole thing up, but maybe she was seeing things. but she believes it happened. now, with no proof, Ellie gets chewed out. but if that guide kits accusing her of seeing things. and now this transporter thing was a prank played in the world by Hadden. how ironic of the very alien she believed in would leave her no evidence to prove they existed. all she has his faith in her experiences, like a Christian or something. now, sometime after the trial, Michael Kitz speaks to a white house whip that talk about what Ellie said, because her camera recorded eight hours of static, meaning she was telling the truth. and the government is covering it up 18 months later, and at least reputation isn't as bad as it once was. she's still working for Shetty at the larger raid, and is left knowing in her heart that what she saw was real. all she can do is wait until we take that second step. so let's get into the explanation. I'm going to first be talking about what happened in the ending with Elly's journey, explaining the transporter, what she saw, as well as the government's reaction and a lot more, before explaining the movie's themes and then about the sides of the movie and the man behind the movie, finishing off by getting into the why the aliens are doing all this in the first place, messing with us like that, and explained the second step for Humanity and why the transportation network was built. so what happened the ending? it's pretty clear that she travelled through a wormhole and found herself in a galaxy far, far away, being taken to another place by the machine. the 18 hours of static is proof that she was taking somewhere else, like she said. and those 18 hours were squished into an instant by what is known as a wormhole a thing that might exist out in space that connects two points together, like a shortcut, that makes time get messy, making it speed up or slow down for the person inside the hole. along them the time drove. what I think happened after the beach was that Ellie was put back into the pod and sent back to the moment she was taken using a different wormhole to make it seem like no time passed. this is why do people on earth. it seemed like she didn't leave the inside of the pod and were taken to another part of the universe. now I'm very confident that she wasn't seeing things, like Michael said. yes, it is true that when the machine was starting up, at least saw the floor turns see through because of electromagnetic radiation, something that a real life can make you see things. but we have the 18 hours of static that proves she went somewhere else, busting this idea that she was just seeing things. now there might be a chance that it was all a holodeck or a simulation inside the pod, and that she never actually left it, because when she gets onto the beach, there is this weird effect in the air when she reaches her hand out, almost like someone blocking a projector or hitting an invisible wall inside a video game. on the topic of seeing things, at least saw a lot on her journey, like stars and planets, but she also saw a city and the stranger machine that we only get a glimpse at. but there's this moment where she clearly sees something very beautiful and inspirational, but the movie doesn't show it. the book explains the city she saw was where the vacants live. and the Machine she sees, it's like a satellite or telescope, part of an alien SETI program created by the aliens who built the transporter, the catch any signals be send their way, connecting the transporter to a larger network, not that you could tell from what little they do show to us. it sucks this movie doesn't make it clear, but it makes sense. this movie is about showing us how you would react to everything. we focused more on how Ellie reacts to the sheer coolness of the universe, and giving us clear answers, or showing off more of what's being shown, would only soften the impact. and that actually brings me to a central theme of the movie, the human reaction. this movie isn't your normal 90s sci-fi flick. it's definitely no alien and it's definitely no Independence Day. it's not meant to have a Disney slash superhero ending or things. and sweetly, it's about real people reacting realistically. as we see in the movie, humans go a little crazy over this amazing new discovery. but there's also an ugly side. in real life, we would see politicians using this to further their agenda and keep themselves in power. we would have, you of ologists and people who talk about secret plots and schemes celebrate this. and we'd also see people just shrug and get on with their lives. or in the case of governments and officials, you would have security advisers like Michael Kitz who would cover this whole thing up in the name of national security. as I said this summer, the guy's a professional and he only wants to keep his people in nations safe. and there we have that ending where things covered up. but the truth is, no twist, some few. if it was any other 90s sci-fi movie, we'd see some cool as stuff. we'd go into the future, like a thousand years from now, and we'd see a society has changed. or maybe we would fast-forward to the time we take that second step and have, like, at least super great granddaughter meet the aliens. something's satisfying and just. but there's no Hollywood ending this one repose, no punches. it's meant to be realistic. it's meant to make you think. but okay, honestly, even with that, it's a real dick move that these aliens decided to troll led by sending her all of these things, but making it hard for her to prove their existence. it makes me wonder why the unions in the movie would do this, as well as why it would end with a hokey religious message. but I think I read an answer for that, which I will get to in a bit. because first I want to answer a few questions that might have been undermined. like, couldn't they prove Ellie was right by using the Machine? again? do you think so? but both the book and the movie confirm that this would not be possible. in the movie, we hear the launch commander say, we've already got one shot at this meeting. it's a one-time deal as far as using it goes. adding on to that. the book explains that the transporter is a two-way street. in the alien are closing their end off. so even if you used it, no one would get sent anywhere. we'd have to wait until we make that second stamp, like the alien dad said. question two, how come we saw everyone's favorite dictator of Germany being sent back to us like the worst game of telephone? so the answer given the movie is that it was one of the first broadcasts to leave the planet Earth. the Germans did that as a way to prove their strength and technical abilities. and apparently it managed to reach the vacants who sent it back. since they are 26 light years away, it would take 26 years to get there. in another 26 they send it back, with a few years in between. the planet, the prime number and transporter signal. the way it works is that, by being at a high frequency, a TV broadcast could break through a layer the atmosphere and go to outer space. radio waves can travel pretty fast once outside the atmosphere. but this in real life is not likely to happen, as that layer, called the atmosphere, gets blasted if UV rays, which can mess with signals. and that broadcast was sent out at 40 megahertz at a low power, even if it got past the ionosphere, it would become so quiet that the evenings wouldn't know what it said, even if they understood German. question 3, what is a harmonic overlap signal? how does the signal encoding work? I'm cutting out a lot of details, but radio works by sending out what is known as a carrier wave. you put a signal of voice on top of another signal, which changes the shape, letting you send out messages and info that makes sense and not sound like gibberish. in the movie, the TV broadcast was at double the frequency, which gave it a unique harmonic sound. and the blueprints were hidden in extra frames. the original broadcast was 25 frames per second, and the aliens included another 25 between those with a blueprint information hidden. and the almost like an easter egg that can be detected. it when you play the signal back, like how in Fight Club, there are several moments before he meet him that you can spot Tyler Durden for a split second. question for how does the time dilation thing Palmer Joss mentioned work? there is this thing called the twins paradox. it's this thought experiment that thinks about what happens if you had two twins, the exact same in every way, but one is on a rocket and the others left on earth. the rocket moves almost at the speed of light, leaves and returns to earth. in when the twin gets back, he finds that his brother is now older than him. it's a funny korkut adulation based on Einstein's special theory of relativity. if you go really fast, last time passes for you. but in this movie, it's the opposite. Ellie experiences a lot of time when only a short instant passes on earth. a few years ago, Neil deGrasse Tyson, on his podcast Startalk, actually talked about the time dilation in the film. basically, in this movie, she isn't going on a rocket and going really fast. she's going through a wormhole. it's a different kind of alien technology. in a worm you don't travel through space really fast. instead, you take a shortcut through it. now, it's a thing that could exist, but it's so far just theoretical. and it works like folding a piece of paper in half and poking a hole to connect the two ends together. then you cut the distance in half, making you move faster than the speed of light and crossed far distances very quickly. it's possible that in that kind of scenario, time dilation to work in the opposite way, which means time passes slower for everyone else, not you. but I know physicists, so take that with a grain of salt. who is Carl Sagan? and why is he important to the story? Carl Sagan is arguably one of the most famous astronomers and scientists in the world. he was very famous for being a skeptic and getting people into science with his hey TV show cosmos, where he would talk about the sheer scale and scope of the universe, the majesty, the Wonder and the beauty we can find. which, by the way, deGrasse Tyson, whom I just mentioned, that a modern version, and it's also excellent. if you haven't seen it, I definitely recommend checking it out. Sagan also wrote the book that would become the movie content. he contribute a lot to science, acting as a member of a committee for the Voyager probes. he was also the mind behind the golden records that both Voyager probes had, these records that would record the sights and sounds of earth, our people, our culture, our memories, the proof that we were here, that any aliens who found approach could analyze and know we were alive. now, the interesting thing about the disc is that it has two drawings of a human woman and a man with a map to our solar system. implant. that way, if the aliens wants a probe us, the skip Uranus and comes straight for us. that's right, one of the first things we said the aliens it real-life, were private cakes in our address. what a bunch of legends. now, Sagan was an agnostic, and although he was an anti-religious, he was definitely skeptical in this viewpoint. it's very clear in the book, which adds a little more Hardy science than the romantic hokey-pokey. in weirdly religious ending, we got in a movie with these aliens teasing us about this grand galactic neighborhood, only they take it away from us. which it brings it to the aspect of this movie that could drive you up a wall. why are the aliens doing all this just to leave no evidence? why even bother sending us the message in the blueprints? is it just a mess of us? and then there's that hokey, feel-good, semi-religious ending about faith and aliens. we're totally those against. say, gives views as ice kept UC Sega's the kind of guy who would be open to an idea, so long as you can prove it. and even then, it would have to be built on some solid ground. for example, the follow Occam's razor having a simple explanation behind it's an idea that's brought up twice movie. and this famous skepticism is very clear, and it's best seen in our hero. Ellie Arroway likes akin and she's a scientist. she's skeptical, cautious not to make assumptions while trying the judge was true based on evidence, like both times she's asked in court questions she'd be better off answering with a lie. when she's asked if she believes in God and when she's asked if she hallucinate of the journey, she's objective, telling the truth, even though saying she doesn't believe in God loses her the competition. even though she knows what she saw, she's still able to step back and judge her own perception. we skepticism, this trade of hers being objective makes her a great scientist. as a scientist, she knows she might have elucidated the whole journey. she has to accept that because she has no hard evidence. she would be lying if she said otherwise. yet she describes having this experience that she can't improve is really what feels like. it is going along to the themes of religion and faith. it's like an oxymoron. and it makes you wonder, why would they do this? well, remember how I mentioned that people's reaction in this film to the Indians being out there is a little crazy. that was actually a really severe under reaction. think about if we found out aliens were real. we would react way worse. like how in that book series, the three-body problem, mankind almost destroys itself from an alien invasion. but not from the aliens themselves. instead, it's just from knowing that the aliens are coming. the aliens aren't even in our galaxy yet, but just knowing that they are coming and they are out there cause a society to break down. and let's be real, if we discovered aliens were real, there would be chaos. sure, you'd have that guy from blink-182 going, yeah, I know it. yeah, I knew it. i frickin knew it. but the true impact will be seen on the scale of billions. you'd have entire religions having a crisis of faith and truth, with new religions worshipping nihilism, and the aliens themselves taking up the space with tens, if not hundreds of millions of followers. too many people to count will just give up. why should you work so hard? why should you have kids? you're not building a better future, not for long, at any rate. punishments like going to prison for life would also suddenly be a lot less scary. so why not break a few laws? some people will call for war. even if the aliens seem nice, how nice can a civilization that's much smarter than us actually be to them? we're like ants. do we treat ants nicely? worldwide, it would be this massive paradigm shift as this ever looming threat comes closer to us. maybe they're not here to kill us. maybe they are. but that anxiety, that fear will just keep on growing within us. and I wouldn't want anyone for being freaked out. an example this in history is back in World War two. you see Imperial Japan's propaganda machine said that if an American GI got their hands on you, they would pour to you in the worst ways possible. and there are a lot of stories of Japanese civilians who got caught up in war, offing themselves because of this fear of American soldiers. if that was just people being scared of people, it would be way worse. the threat was aliens. great old ones, Martians, Grey's whatever. aliens are out there. to them, we're nothing. if they could reach us using FTL travel, we would be like monkeys, or about to be hunted or stomped out. the aliens knew this, even at this game for years, like the alien dad said, they've been sending elion these blueprints and sending them to the speech place, telling them about the second step and all of that stuff. so they use a small step plan. now it's so a lot of doubt in the minds of people. and that's the point. they wanted to cause doubt. doubt is part of their plan. that way they keep things cool, relaxed, but still say, man kind of a path to deal with all of this. as in the end of the movie, said, he actually does get more money because the government knows. but the aliens are out there, and it's best to be ready for them. it's all just a stopgap to keep the planet Earth from going into shock. like when you're going through a really traumatic experience, your body kind of goes into a safe mode. you begin to feel anxious organ whew. we can't lose focus and get erratic. and as we see, it's a highly televised event, and everyone learns about it already. we see this plan works. those people dressed in blue. ad\xc3\xa8le he's hearing believed and what she said. of course, some people don't believe it. for those who do, especially in the public office, they're making plans to deal with the situation in advance, plus slowly, but surely, who will begin to accept this new reality. like Italy said, it's like people be able to fly an airplane. we thought it was impossible for a person to fly until we did it. so it's really not crazy to say the same thing about aliens. I mean, not only do we have the 18 hours of static footage, but any scientist who wants to know more about this will find out of the hearing was BS, no earthly satellite could fake the signal coming from Vega, they would find out. so Michael Kitz, knowing what he has to do, resigns from his NSA position and makes it seem like it's just yes. and said he gets some extra cash from the government. this stops people from panicking early and helps us prepare for second contact. though, as for the religious aspect, and let me be clear, I'm not judging you if you are religious. I mean, I was raised religious. but regardless of how you feel about religion, you got to admit religion has been a constant framework for humans, for sin shuri's it might not like it, but Palmer Joss isn't wrong when he said that most of the world still is. we've used it to understand the world around us, explaining things in a supernatural way, to keep things down-to-earth, making it easier to understand the universe and how it works. by the Sun, for example, this life-giving star that any lot of religions or beliefs is a chief God or a great spirit that gives life, which can be explained scientifically. but before we had the tools to do that, religion was used to be able to deal with not understand this lens of religion and belief is something that the aliens know how to use, using it to make the idea that aliens are real easier to accept. it's a legitimate tool. with 95% of the world being religious in some way, at least until recently. you might not be religious, but you still have to admit it's a good way to get people to accept something that for most would be too far behind our understanding to deal with. mental like what Palmer says, but in Reverse, he said he's not against science, so long as it's used the right way. well, the aliens are not against religion, that, so long as it's used the right way. so the aliens are trying to use faith in religion as a way to get us to accept them exploiter this thinking as part of their intergalactic plans. look at their actions. for one, it's my opinion, but the aliens may have even chosen Pelley. I think that the aliens would appreciate Eliezer objectiveness. I mean, it was for analysis of stars and signals that led to the discovery of the Vegas, something which in real life sounds ridiculous, until you used Drake's equation to calculate the millions of stars and planets and galaxies out there. four hundred billion stars are out there, just in our galaxy alone, with hundreds of billions of more galaxies. at least a few of them should have life living on nearby planets. its second look at the star they chose, the aliens might not even be vacants. after all, a star like Vega is the best place for aliens to go. hey, over here. it's 26 light-years away, which is kind of close. and it would be a place that we would be looking at it with our telescopes. it's perfectly believable, but evil with other things that might mess with a single reading. a place like that, it's almost walking distance on a galactic scale. and with the transporter, we could make the trip in seconds. again, logical, useful and built in a way that gives us a framework for believing it and making sense of it. but there is one more piece to this amazing puzzle. and, oh my god, if you made it this far, I've got a trade for you. I'm about to put it all together. the whole point of this move is to try to get you, the audience, thinking about where you are, how small we are compared to white dwarfs and gas giants. the vastness of the universe, in all all the cool things that are out there. it's everything we do here almost childish, petty. there's too much out there waiting to be discovered. why not use the time spent fighting instead to explore and see what's out there? the entry sequence really hits the nail on the head with its visuals join us how small and how vast spaces. there's probably tons of aliens, or at least planets, out there where life can flourish and evolve. and the hell, that's something we can calculate using Drake's equation. and in case you didn't know, Drake's equation is this math formula that takes a whole bunch of factors, rates of star formation, fraction of stars that can support life on nearby planets, the number of planets that can support life, the fraction of those planets where life actually appears, as well as the number of those planets with intelligent aliens. then which of those aliens can communicate beyond their planet. and finally, the amount of time these aliens send out signals. all these factors are multiplied against each other, one after another, to find out how many civilizations might be out there who we can detect, using our satellites and telescopes to get a huge, if strangely small number. because outer space UV puts it into perspective. it's something that astronauts realize when they're up in space and see our planet. it's this feeling that Elly has no words to describe in court, but wants to. and when she says, I had no idea, no idea. and then they ship sent a poet this beautiful truth that we are so small, we are all we got. this movie really captures the essence a Sagan's famous pale blue dot speech, when the Voyager probe left Earth's orbit shaking how to take a picture of our planet. and he reflected in the speech on our history, our works and our defeats, everything that ever happened to us, everyone that ever was, all of that fit into this tiny blue dot. we are so small in terms of history and in size. and so much blood has been spilled over this small piece of land. so much anger and hate, things that are stopping us from going beyond our world, stopping us from joining the other aliens and taking that second step forward. such a powerful image to teach us some perspective and humility. it's very much an astounding life lesson from Sagan. but that this movie captures beautifully. that's the entire message on the movie. that pale blue dot speech. what idea, huh? it everything about this movie together. yes, be skeptical the universe, but know its beauty and try to let it make you strive to be a better person. and so finally, this brings me to a final point, the second step, and why the transportation system was created. the alien, the toxin le makes it very clear that there's a process to joining them, and that we need to take a second step before we can all hold hands and sing Kumbaya. so what is it? and how does the wormhole network come into play? there's a line of the vacant says that answers have this question. humans are capable of such incredible dreams in horrible nightmares. the vague ins in the intergalactic community as a whole have probably made peace. there are no more wars between their races. and when they reach that point, they are allowed to join the club. but until then, they're locked out. and I believe that same thing applied to us. once we put aside our differences, we can probably use the Machine again and be sent back to meet the vacants who have otherwise left us alone. that's what the transporter system it's in that ancient aliens built up the network and probably did to the vacants what they did to us, sending us blueprints and having a talk. if not these precursors, then another race following along the lines of Sega's philosophy. I think the transportation system was created to unify all the races in the universe, a grand gesture of unity among aliens. at least that's what I get from the movie. but the book explains that the vagin said the other aliens are trying to team with together to stop entropy, the heat death of the universe, from happening. if you don't know what that means, basically, there's gonna come a time when everything just Scrolls down, no heat, no energy, no life. in the vacants, along with the other aliens, are doing things in the universe that slows us down. in the transportation system is implied, though, being created by either ancient aliens or maybe even God, who gave the aliens the network. in doing so, the vague ins had become these religious scientists who were trying to prove the existence of God through scientific means, finding proof in the physical universe that the universe is something that was made. and they do having found evidence in a really long calculation of Pi, which is how the book ends with Ellie discovering this proof, bridging the gap between science and religion. and I guess that's kind of the takeaway here. there's a lot more to the world that we don't know, a lot that we have yet to understand our seat. but in time, we can understand the mysteries of the space. and time, we can know why we haven't found aliens out there. and maybe in time, even more, at least when we've taken that second step, we will one day there will be no absence of evidence. one day the theoretical to become the real. and one day my parents will think this is a real job, and then they'll be proud of me. but it will take time, time that we should spend wisely on things that will keep us together and move us forward, before the universe cools down and all the warmth goes away for all the answers go away and we're left all alone. we're all we got to discover that aliens are out there. with that said, thank you so much for watching. if you enjoyed the video, leave a like down below and subscribe to too updated on my latest videos. this is Charlie Sierra whisky, Romeo hotel 73. to you, until next time. [Music]. 