welcome to the men and recaps. this is the Walking Dead, Season 9. last season it was all-out war between Rick and the good guys and negan and the Savior's. the good guys win, so they theoretically live happily ever after, except, of course, life is never that simple. we got a whole new season now. back during the war, they were driving around cars willy-nilly, and of course, they ran out of gas, so now they are basically just riding on horses. on the way back, some zombies show up, and hello. this one kid gets himself bit. he's from the hilltop colony, where Maggie's leader. now, she won the election against Gregory. and like the slimy politician he is, he goes to see the grieving father, who's been sober these 40 years. but he gets him drunk and convinces him to go try to assassinate Maggie. Ajo unfortunately, he's a terrible drunk assassin. so Maggie confronts Gregory, and then he tries to kill her, but he's a terrible assassin, so the drunken blacksmith dries out in jail for a bit. but Gregory has had too many second chances, Mackie hangs him. now at the sanctuary, the old Savior compound, Ric let everyone live who surrendered last time. and most of them are pretty good guys, happy for a second chance. but some of them are not. and unfortunately, crops just don't grow over there, so they've been relying on food imports from the hilltop. but the bridge that connects all the communities has finally collapsed. so Ric starts the big construction project, a giant bridge to unite us all. but some of the old Savior's don't play well with others. they are irredeemable dicks. so tensions are high. the humans have a good system in place now for shepherding the zombie herds away from them, but one of the sirens doesn't go off, and the herd marches right over to the lumber camp. this season has some sweet zombie killing, by the way, including Rick sniping the rope and dropping all the logs on ammo. unfortunately, Aaron gets his arm crushed. and they're gonna have to amputate their best doctors, Sadiq, who's had one year of med school, and he's been teaching Enid, who has had one year of high school, and unfortunately, she's the only one here right in house, so she's gotta jump straight into the deep end. luckily though, she cuts arm off pretty good. but who was in charge of the missing siren anyway? oh, it was that dick from the bridge. Daryl wants to kill him, but Rick just banishes him. but on his way out, he's grabbed by something. Oh, Sheriff, Rick promises to find the killer and bring him to justice. so they're out looking that night, and they find the oceanside girls. yeah, they're taking vigilante justice on the savior's that murder all of the men in their old group, right? this Savior chicks like, you who? I'm a good guy now. I was just following orders. but they're like, yo, you as you shot my brother in the face. and it's like, oof. a difficult moral dilemma, to be sure. but Darryl and Maggie are both on the side of vengeance, so they let these girls kill her. seeing Oceanside take vengeance reminds Maggie that the killer of her husband, Glenn Meighan, it, is still alive in prison. Rick gets word Maggie's heading over to kill him, so Darryl offers a mirage. but he misses the turn because he wants Maggie to kill negan. so the time for best friend bro fight. but they go. they fall down into this pit. they have some trouble climbing out, but eventually it's like, take my hand, brother. and it's the end of Lord of the Rings. don't you let go, mr. Frodo. Rick's gonna try to lead the zombie herd away, but he turns the corner, oh, it's another herd about to merge. the horse kicks him off, and, oh, he's in bad allowed. so in his cell is the ultimate villain, negan. he's as much of a cocky prick as ever. but when Mackey throws him into the light, she could see that the year in jail has really taken a toll on him. he starts crying like, hook, I'm so bored. just kill me, please. Maggie likes this suffering more than killing him, so she throws him back in his cell. anyway, Rick is in bad shape, but through sheer force of will, he pulls himself up and gets on the horse, rides off. he spends the episode passing out on his horse and hallucinating friends from the past, like Shane. yeah. he eventually makes it to the bridge, and the whole game shows up just in time to save him. except that was a dream - he's very much alone, and the zombie herd is closing in. his friends do eventually get pretty close, but Rick can't let these zombies cross the bridge. luckily, there's some dynamite there, so Rick Grimes with the sacrifice play boom, blows up the whole bridge and himself. no Rick. and actually, Rick survives, but he's found by Jadis the trash girl. now, she's had a thing this season, a little romance with father Gabriel. they do it could for him. but she's got a secret. she knows about these helicopters flying around. we saw it last season. she was trying to signal one with negan. so she calls him on the walkie-talkie. they're like, do you have an A or a B? apparently they'll give her a ride out of here in exchange for a prisoner. conveniently, father Gabriel followed her, so that was a freebie. apparently they want their eight prisoners to be bit by zombies. who knows what that's about. but Gabriel talks her out of it. so she knocks him out and leave him a note, thanks for the sex, good bye. so when the helicopters coming for her pickup, she's just gonna try to hijack it or whatever. but who should she find except Rick Grimes. well, that was a freebie. she takes him as a bee so he's not bit. but Rick Grimes is flying off in a helicopter, flying right off the show and into his own series of Walking Dead. spin-off movies cut to a totally new group of characters having some zombie trouble. they're saved though, by this badass little girl. wait, she's got that hat? yeah, that's Judith Grimes, Rick's daughter. there's been like a six-year time jump. she takes him back to Alexandria, which is still doing really well, except Michonne is mad all the time. now they have a meeting to see if the new group can stay there. a pretty good group. there's a fat, funny one, the Deaf one and the badass night chick. but Michelle's like, we don't take new people anymore, not since that incident that happened during the time jump. who mystery the Judith talks to her like, hey, what would Rick do? and she's like, okay, you guys can't stay here, but I'll take you over to a hilltop. maybe they'll let you stay fing Ezequiel of the kingdom is trying to host a big fair that would bring all the communities back together. and Carol, by the way, has grown her hair long, baller. she and the king of n a romance, aren't going since they met. and he offers to marry her with a little ring, but she's like, you know, that's dumb. it's the zombie apocalypse. now they basically adopted stick kid from last season. he calls a mom and dad, and he's a good kid who really wants to fix up the place. so he's going over to hilltop to learn from their blacksmith. but having grown up behind the walls of the kingdom, he's pretty naive and falls for this obvious trap. it's a gang of some old Savior's led by Judge Judd. and Carol know each other from back in the day, and killing the queen would be more trouble than it's worth. so he's just gonna take some stuff and let them go, including though her wedding ring that she finally accepted. she hands it over, no problem. but that night, she sneaks in with the matching gasoline, burns them all up. Oh, badass. Carol still lives. they go to visit the old hermit of the mountains, obi-wan darrell Kenobi. apparently he's been living in the woods by himself for six years, searching for it can also just enjoy nature. one night there'll dog is in trouble, and the kid helps save him. so these two bond adult agrees to go with him over to hilltop. father Gabriel has been reaching out on a radio, trying to find other communities. he wants to put a booster signal on a nearby tower, but Rosita wants some of that sugar. apparently, since Jadis, Gabriel's had a sexual awakening and is now dating the hottest girl in the zombie apocalypse. she goes out with you, who's grown a full, ugly ponytail now. and they're putting the booster signal up, but a herd of zombies come, so Eugene's gotta jump down early, breaks his leg. so they do the predator trick, cover in mud, hide on the bank. but they hear the zombies whispering to each other what. now, over at hilltop, Maggie apparently left to go hang out with Georgie and the sunglass twins from last season. so Jesus and Tara are running things, but Jesus likes to sneak out and hang with Aaron. he's teaching him kung-fu. and one day they find Rosita, like Eugene's still out there. so in caralyn gang arrive at hilltop. Daryl's immediately recruited to go help behind Eugene. stick boys gonna learn blacksmithing. and he's got a crush on Enid, Karl's old girlfriend, but she's in her 20s now, and she likes older guys, not teenagers. so he makes friends with the other teenagers at hilltop, and they're a bad influence. make him drink moonshine, and Heath ends up wasted and spends his first night there in the drunk tank. meanwhile, Michonne's on her way with a new group. they stopped by their old camp and pick up some supplies, and she thinks he's got a weapon, but, oh, it's just a violin. just a violin. this is a Stradivarius original. yeah, yeah, he loves music. anyway, they all get to bond when some zombies show up. these guys apparently use slingshots. alright. back in Alexandria, negan is helping Judith with her homework. he seems to be doing a lot better. now, refound a purpose in life when father Gabriel gets word that his hot girlfriend, Rosita's in trouble. he's super distracted and closes the cell but doesn't lock it. seriously, Gabriel has a big problem with closing doors. he should not be allowed near them anymore. but in any case, big pad negan is on the loose once again. now the tracking party finds the big zombie herd, but they know how to deal with that, no problem. they find Eugene, but he's like, you don't understand, these are smart, talking zombies. and sure enough, they ignored the alarm clock, and I followed him. they run into a cemetery, but find themselves trapped. Michonne and crew get there just in time to help open the gate. Jesus is like, go run. I'll hold them off. and in case you've forgotten, Jesus is an absolute badass. he's kung fu master beat up all the zombies, it's no problem. but what this one dodges and stabs him with a knife. it is super creepy. some more fast knife Assam bees come, and the gang barely manages to fight them off. Jesus is definitely dead. r.i.p. and the smart knife zombie was actually a living human wearing a zombie face. what they're called the whisperers, because they whisper their masks let them hide among the zombies, using them for protection and as a weapon. our group escapes for now. they run into some more on the way back. and daryl quickly realizes that if you shoot a zombie in the leg, it doesn't feel pain. but if you shoot a human in the leg, yeah, it's pretty obvious. without the element of surprise, the whispers are a lot less scary. so this last one surrenders, and it's a teenage girl, Lydia. they bring her to the hilltop jail and try to interrogate her, but stick kid, Henry, is still there from his underage drinking. he's like, oh, my god, a hot girl my age. what are the chances he's to bond? and eventually she opens up that she really doesn't want to go back cuz the whispers are creepy, AF especially her mom, who's their leader and abuses her. and her mom's on the way to pick her up. it's alpha, she has no humanity left. when some zombies come, because of babies crying, she's like, yo, you got abandoned the baby. luckily, deaf girl was out there and rescues the baby. but in any case, elf is like, give me my daughter back. but Daryl's like, nah. but Alpha has some prisoners of her own. so Lydia kisses Henry goodbye, and then they make the trade. alpha immediately smacks her daughter. so tears like, yeah, that's not gonna happen. Darrell's planning a rescue mission, and death girl, Connie, is gonna come with these to make a fantastic duo, by the way, I'm totally shipping it. and he goes on his own rescue mission, but immediately gets caught by the second-in-command, miss giant guy. beta. Lydia's got to pretend she doesn't want to be rescued, and house was gonna make her kill Henry to prove it. luckily, just then a bunch of zombies come in, and Daryl whisks him out of there. they go hide in this building. and when beta comes to get him, he is a beast. he and Daryl have an epic night fight, but in the end, Daryl knocks him down the elevator shaft. ah. luckily, beta is too cool of a villain to die this soon. he's totally fine. now we'll fur out the kingdom. it's almost time for the fair. they really need inter-community trade in order to survive. they stopped by a movie theater to grab a projection bulb, hoping to show him be at the fair. then they have some trouble with a new group, the highwayman. but instead of killing them all, it's like, hey, you want to come see a movie with us? then they're like, sure. so the Highwaymen join the good guys and become official Highway Patrol. but the big question is still, will Alexandria come to the fair? the Alexandria council is pretty split. some of them are like, hey, we need to go help our friends. but others, especially Michonne, are like, no, it's too dangerous. we protect our own. so it's finally time for the flashback. showing why Michonne so isolationist now and how they got these axe scars. a few years back, Alexandria was taken in some new survivors. one of them was Michelle's friend from before the zombie apocalypse. that was super exciting, but of course, she stole all their supplies and kidnapped their kids. yeah, she's gone crazy and has built an army of kids who brand Michonne and Daryl with the axe. Michonne escapes and kills her friend, but these kids are too far gone. they all attack her. Michonne has no choice but to slaughter them all. super emotionally scarring, but she did it all to save Judith. Judith, in the present, has grown into a wise young girl. she's like, Michelle, stop being so annoying. we got to protect our friends. so the first annual inter-community fair is on, and Michonne joins the other communities inciting the inter community charter that she wrote way back before Rick disappeared. it's the glorious dawning of a new age for humanity. elsewhere, the Faire is a huge success. Lydia and Henry start dating officially. she's welcomed into the family but fearing a whispers retaliation, they send a bunch of people to go to fend the hilltop. but unfortunately, they are immediately captured because Alpha was at the fair in disguise. she's like, hey, you guys are the main characters, so I'm not gonna kill you. I'm just gonna show Daryl this giant zombie horde my people are controlling. if you guys cross into our land, will unleash it on your communities. and to show that she's serious, she marks the border with heads on pikes. she killed a bunch of minor characters, but there's some bigger characters there too, like the highwayman guy. oh, he was super cool, gone way too soon. and also Enid, who has been around for a long time now, and I just started dating aunts Malden. and my girl tarah, who's been around since season 3 and has grown to be the leader of hilltop. and the final head say it ain't so it's Henry. he loved his stick, and now he gets to be with it forever. too soon. I'm sorry. this proves the old adage, don't fall in love on the walking dead. one of you is sure to die anyway, some time passes and they pull a game of Thrones. winter is coming. we haven't seen winter on The Walking Dead. yeah. and it's pretty fun. unfortunately, even with the fair, the kingdom just can't hold together, and the kingdom finally Falls. Carroll is so broken up about Henry's death that she breaks up with King Ezekiel. you know, it's Andrea. there's a huge blizzard, so they gotta let Nikken out of his cell for warmth. remember, he escaped earlier this season. on his way out, Judith caught him, and they have a great relationship. you're not gonna shoot me, Ken, yeah, I will. he convinced her to let him go and went for a bit of a walk around, but realize there's nothing for him out here, so just kinda went back to his cell. by the way, Alexandria has got a love quadrangle going on. remember, Rosita is dating father Gabriel now, but she used to be bangin Siddiq, and he knocked her up. she's preggers. meanwhile, Eugene is in love with her, but she just thinks of him as a friend. luckily, the whole situation is pretty drama-free because they're all very mature about it, except, of course, for negan. there's a very mature attitude. father, not the father. anyway, there's a problem with the fireplace, so they've got to move to a different house. the blizzard so bad, they're holding on to the rope. but Judith hears Daryl's dog and runs off to save him. and negan, no hesitation, runs off to save her. negan may be a bad guy, but he does really love Judith and manages to rescue her and dog. negan, Redemption arc. anyone for the kingdom exile. to get through the blizzard in time, they had to cut through the whisperers land. maybe they saw, maybe they didn't. but either way, alphas still out there, and is still crazy and evil. and the season ends with a radio broadcast. after Ezekiel walks away, someone's reaching out to them. who's that? find out on season 10. [Music], 