Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed-up movies! We have Hostel! I did Hostel a while ago but deleted it probably 300,000 subscribers ago! The title refers to a hostel in Slovakia that is filled with the sexiest of Slovakian women. When American grad students Paxton and Josh along with their Icelandic friend Oli here find out about this hostel, they make their way right there! Turns out though that this Hostel is just a trap to capture fresh game for bloody torture and eventual murder! How will it fair out for these idiots? Before we get into it make sure you head down into the poll and pick what breakdown you wanna see next Monday! This is all based on your suggestions. Also we have an official Instagram for the channel now. Make sure you go down to the link in the description and follow us right there! If you wanna see what happens including all the messed-up stuff stay tuned for the breakdown cue the Gohan!  Quentin Tarentino presents . Hostel! The movie begins with someone cleaning up a murder dungeon! Blood and teeth seep through the drains after a dastardly day! Immediately after the events of Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay, two other American tourists named Paxton and Josh are vacationing! I think they are grad students who are both going through some relationship issues prior to the vacation and they got this Icelandic homeboy named Oli with them! So, this might sound stupid, but the way people talk about Amsterdam makes it sound like it s a country of its own. Everybody wants to get stoned and stroke it with stoned people.  Paxton and Josh are in the club trying to score, but Amsterdam ladies don t like grandma walk around the grocery store fanny packs. Josh messes up a girl s shirt and gets the anger of her boyfriend, before yeeting him into Hostel 2. The three friends get kicked out to go about their merry way. Things get crazy at a brothel.  The three return to their hostel, but curfew locks them out! Since they are so loud and drunk, the entire block throws bottles at them! Some skinny dude brings them right inside. His name is Alex, and he has got the hot tip on where to hook up with women. Slovakia! Amsterdam is cool but this Hostel in Slovakia is litty. Plus, they love Americans! You can guess who are on the first train to Slovakia the next morning. On the ride there, a businessman sits next to the three. They talk about how Slovakia is basically Babe Country, but then the guy touches Josh s leg! This scene seems perfectly acted because of how Paxton and Oli react.  Anyway here is the rougher side of Slovakia. I feel like we are gonna see Lilya 4 Ever walking around here. This place is beautiful though, a hub of all kinds of tourists. Each room seems to have beautiful ladies inside. This is Natalya and she is Svetlana. They almost are like hostesses in a way, even though they are supposedly guests too. Josh feels a little uncomfortable around these ladies and gets some fresh air. He almost gets jumped by some gang of kids, but the businessman from the train pays them off! Josh buys him a drink and apologizes for reacting so angry during the train ride. I m getting the notion that Josh might be a little confused about his interest in women, but he still has sex with one of the guests later.  The next morning, Josh and Pax learn that their fried Oli has just checked out and left. Without saying a word at all. Nobody just does that. And get this, he left with some random Japanese girl. She was friends with Kana here, they came together so she s probably more worried than Pax and Josh. Well they try to figure out where he went. Paxton tells a story about when he was a kid, he witnessed a girl drown to death. He tried to help by going to the lifeguard, but she wasn t paying attention. By the time he went back to the little girl, she had died. Why does this story matter? Well 2018 Spooky let it slip right by. We will get to why that story is important but of course he blames himself for that little girl s death. After getting past that gang of kids, they see Oli! Seems more like he s escaping them! They chase him, but that ain t no damn Oli! Speaking of, they get a text from him saying he went home! He went home and left his whole body behind. Of course, someone has brutally killed Oli, and the Japanese girl in the picture is next. He crushes her toe right off! Kana is worried sick and the three tourists all decide to leave together, but Svetlana and Natalya are hoping for one last party! It s not like they really knew Oli like that, so they just hope to party one more night before heading to Barcelona!  At the disco, both Josh and Pax get drinks right down into their system. Josh downed it quick, and when you down something quick it hits you quicker Just like the buzz I got from two glasses of wine...Josh has been drugged and falls right asleep in his room, before getting kidnapped. Paxton didn t just down his drink and he feels the effects slowly. He walks away to the bathroom, but accidently gets locked in a pantry on accident. This accident saved his life, and he falls asleep unable to be kidnapped. While Pax is sleeping, Josh wakes up in a torture dungeon. His fear intensifies seeing that he probably will not make it out to finish his thesis. Josh reacts as scared as anybody, before getting drilled repeatedly. Meat still on the drill. The torturer is revealed to be the businessman from the train all along! Practically a supervillain, a failed surgeon who realizes the power he has in his hands. The businessman slashes Josh s tendons, letting him attempt escape and make us cringe seeing him fold over As he crawls away, He slashes his throat and kills him! This is basically the Suck it witch moment of the film, if you remember that moment from I Spit on Your Grave. Josh didn t deserve that at all. Paxton wakes up finally able to exit and safe. He finds out that Kana checked out, but without him and Josh. Pax gets another room since they say he already checked out, and lookie here! It s two new sexy girls inviting him to the sauna just like when they got here the first time. With nothing else to do, he tries to find Josh. He pieces together where Josh or Oli could be with that picture, but his phone gets grabbed by those meddling kids!  Pax almost choked one out. He s angry as hell at this situation, and he stops because nobody wants to hurt a kid And maybe he doesn t want to cause another suffocation in his life even if the first wasn t his fault. Just shows how scary it is to be away from home. Even the police can t help. They just tell him to stay at the hostel. While walking around he sees that girl Natalya and follows her into a bar! Now he tells her fine ass that he wants to know where Josh and Oli is right now! She says they re at an art show. Natalya takes him to the place, a scary warehouse looking building protected by henchmen! Paxton asks the first person he sees: Takashi Miike, what exactly it s like in there! Takashi tells him you ll go broke being in there, so I guess when he s not making movies about strange Yakuza visitors or an extreme episode for a horror anthology series, he gets inspiration from whatever is in there!  Natalya leads him further into the warehouse and laughs at the serious American going right into his unknown fate. He walks by his friend Josh being dissected by the businessman! Shocked, he gets angry at Natalya who laughs in the language of money while Pax is dragged away by goons! He sees brutal and bloody torture at every turn, before being tied up for his eventual death! Soon Dr. Chainsaw comes in! He specifically purchased Paxton because he s American. He looks like a whole Lizard Man, leftovers from one of the Lizard s sick experiments!  Pax gets clawed by this sewer creature, and even speaks in his native tongue to plead him to stop! Pax is a pretty smart guy! He has Pax gagged for trying to reach his heart! Lucky for Paxton, the torturer is indecisive! Soon he figures a chainsaw will work fine and Paxton throws up in fear! Please stop Paxton. I cant do vomiting, it s the only thing that remotely disturbing me so far. Pax gets his fingers slashed right off, but then the torturer slips on that gag and gets his leg cut off from the chainsaw! Pax hurries to get out of his confines and shoots the villain right in the head. Now I eff with Paxton heavy. Paxton calls for the security guard in another voice! The guards like boss what happened?!? Paxton: Oh I ll tell you what happened blam blam! Good work Pax! He dresses up in torture garb but hides as goons fill the halls! In this backroom, he sees plenty of guts and hides without question among the bodies! Good survival strats Pax! He s shocked to see his friend is next to be cut up, and sadly he loses his two fingers! He carried them all the way from his torture room. Soon he gets up and murders the furnace guy before escaping on an elevator! Close call after close call! He sneaks into a client room where the torturers dress up! Cops! These cops work for the Elite Hunting Club, so beware Paxton! They re not on your side! Pax cleans up and looks the part of a client, but the guards know they have an escaped prisoner! In the pockets of the jacket he got, he sees a business card for the Elite Hunting Club! An organization that allows rich people to kill and torture tourists! Then, this goofy ass client pops up. It s his first time but he s so excited. He wants something beyond the mundane hedonistic adventures. Just from pure universal coincidence, Paxton gets away from showing a tattoo that all clients are supposed to have and the goofy guy leaves to torture his tourist. The idiot left the gun behind though and Pax grabs it as he Splinter Cell Pandora Tomorrow s out of the building. No actually he Hitman 2: Silent Assassins out, and luckily finds a car with keys in it! He hears screams though! Horrific screams. Last time he heard screams like that, a little girl was drowning, but this time he isn t letting someone die again, even though I wouldn t be mad if he left. This is where that story really matters! He chases back inside the building finding out Kana is being tortured by that goof ball..Pax kills him with haste. He was using a blowtorch on Kana s eye, and Pax is left to clean up by using scissors to cut off the dangling eyeball! I don t know what the hell that stuff is! So this dude Paxton sneaks out of the warehouse again with an injured Kana and didn t get caught until he started driving one of the cars! Still, the two rush through the streets. The only way to safety is to leave this town by train. After a truck is moved, Pax sees his temptress Natalya, along with Alex the guy who told him to come here after all! Pax runs them all over killing all but Natalya! Who is then immediately destroyed by the incoming goons! Soon the kids stop Pax asking for candy, but luckily he just so happens to have an entire bag of gum in the car. When the goons get stopped by the same kids, they get attacked instead! Literally the kids brutally murder the goons with rocks. To live all them years to go out like that is just plain irony! Soon Pax comes upon a police stop, but remember The police are more angry back alley than friendly neighborhood. He sneaks out of the side and runs through the woods all the way to the train station. Still, they gotta hide from goons. While walking by a mirror, Kana sees her disfigured face! She loses all hope seeing her face that way, and kills herself by jumping right into a train, spraying blood everywhere. I remember I asked what would y all do when I first made a video about this movie! Well now I ll tell you straight up, don t do what Kana did. Paxton uses the diversion to get on the train and ride away to safety! Clap it up for Paxton. Yes, his escape from a heavily guarded torture compound was very lucky, he still managed. But he s got a vengeance! The train stops in Austria, but on the train ride Paxton hears a familiar voice, the businessman! The same man who murdered Josh! The businessman s daughter is waiting outside this stop! Just look at the Malice on Paxton s face! SpookyRice feeds on that kind of malice! He look like he walking around with this music playing!  I m more scared of Paxton than I was of the Elite Hunting Club. Paxton follows the businessman closely behind, both him and his daughter go into the loo rooms. Pax leaves his scalpel behind for the businessman to find. As soon as he comes out, he waits on his daughter but she doesn t come out. He discovers that his daughter is completely missing! He chases and shouts for her but we see Paxton has kidnapped her. The movie ends as Paxton kidnaps his daughter and the businessman screams in horror and fear! The end. But that s not canon. No terrible decision Paxton. You had me until then. See guys this is the directors cut ending! In this ending, somehow Paxton kidnaps a little girl in a crowded train station and takes her away on the train. That s not logical. Even if she was scared out of her mind, Paxton doesn t have that in him to do this, and somebody is going to notice she s not with him and is fighting to get out of his grasp.  The canon true ending is that Paxton murders the businessman. Paxton tricks him into reaching for the ground and slices his fingers off. Then Paxton breaks into the stall with 2007 Michael Myers strength, and drowns him in his own poop water. Then, here is the Suck it, witch moment! Paxton murders the businessman by slicing his neck in an identical way that the same businessman murders Josh. So you cannot tell me, that Paxton was guided by the universe to commit this act! Paxton was not meant to die today and I for the most part really enjoyed this movie. One of my favorites honestly. So, now that we ve visited the hostel lets talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that SPOOKY Stuff Cue the Gohan!  Hostel was a nice watch. Very tolerable to see, much more than some of these low budget Japanese movies. Eli Roth not only directed Hostel and it s sequel, but also The Green Inferno. This was probably one of my first horror movies since I remember that eye seen clear as day! It scarred me when I was a kid. Most disturbed moment is the eye thing for me. When I was young, that scene effed me up! It probably lowkey started this channel because I wanted to get effedup more  Most Enjoyed moment is Paxton. Paxton is a platinum character now. Yes, he was very lucky, but this dude Paxton took care of business. He was very bold and wasn t hesitant to do what he needed to do. When he was in Austria, his power level was off the charts. It s a shame what happens to him in Hostel 2.  And that s it. I just created an Instagram so make sure you guys follow the official Instagram here. Link is in the description. Make sure you guys like the video if you enjoyed and subscribe if you wanna see some more messed-up stuff! On the left is A Serbian Film, sorta reminds me of Hostel in a way with the rich people organization that does messed-up things. On the right is the Green Inferno! Also directed by Eli Roth! A tribute to films like Cannibal Ferox and Cannibal Holocaust! Thank you guys for watching, hope you enjoyed, SPOOKY OUT!! 