listen, I've seen this live. supposedly, growing up, you know, during those ages that you can't really account for, supposedly, I had the Broadway recording on VHS and had memory memorized. and all I have to say is, on the advice of counsel, I respectfully declined to answer that question on the grounds that it might tend to incriminate me. well, it was probably the music that entranced me as a kid, and I'd be singing like iCarly. so knowing that Andrew Lloyd Webber had already seeped into my young subconscious growing up, I came in prepared for this adaptation. you know how I was as sober as can be going in to watch it. I wasn't the job. I didn't want to miss a glitch, cuz, sadly, while they boasted about having the choreographers from Hamilton, Taylor Swift with a new original song that she had the rights for, and all these insane dancers and cast from around the globe, they forgot the part where they're supposed to finish the movie before it gets released. I finished it at 8 a.m. yesterday after 36 hours in a row to put the finishing touches on let me premiere. I should be the first time people get to see it. and this is genuinely a premiere. let me explain. so for those who don't know, there are actually two versions of gets as of now. oscar-winning director Tom Hooper was working on this at a frat boy pace, probably because he thought it would be smart to CGI fur onto every actor on set. these are people, but they're cats. and this is kind of blowing my mind. the movie that first hit theaters wasn't even complete, but I'm pretty sure the ticket price needed to be paid in full in order for you to enter to watch this mess, just like paramount switch ruined a company because Twitter made them redo sonic at his speed, show dogs, which I had to edit out on me too. scene involving a dog, opening weekend. cats decided to send out a graphics patch out two days after the movie was released in order to fix human hands feet going into the ground like a video game missing first lot, miss plays first or deforms her. now, granted, they didn't make this one for the critics. they made it for him. I don't know who. but as someone who allegedly grew up watching the recording of the play. I can tell you, I'm aware that cats don't have human teeth. I've been to enough stage productions in my day to know the differences between play and movies. I'm aware this is supposed to be the donkey from Shrek. I'm aware Hamilton really look like this. so to see a movie just faceswap the actors onto deformed human feline hybrids because they because they had Top Billing. it's a catastrophe. this is all computer-generated. so every single piece of fur is added by a computer. and it's technology that's never ever been used. why didn't the Broadway play of an expensive run where they put on their own makeup flawlessly day after day? didn't even Leona Lewis and an actual Pussycat Doll do this? so in case you don't want to get too spoiled as I'm about to get into it, in case you don't know what version of cats are getting into, just know there's no way in fixing this mess. spoilers for cats, they added human now, when it comes to the plot of cats, a lot of people seem to be very confused with it. I guess it's about a cat. Oh, more than one cats. it could be, because I've reportedly seen it a few times, but I think it's pretty simple. TS Eliot had different poems and stories about cats that he had written, Andrew Lloyd Webber was like, oh, those are great. so he wrote music over them, and 40 years later, people are still complaining about it. but since the plot is carried by the songs, I figured it's best to just go through the characters, since every song is pretty much an intro track for each of the cats. [Music]. so the lead is played by Francesca Hayward, who's never been in a movie before, and I think she's the best one in this movie. she's as a strange cat who gets dumped onto the set, and she's just as confused as everyone else's a lot in the movie. each cat that she meets introduces themselves by song, and they're hyping up this Jellicle ball where they pull a talent show, or then not, judged by their talents. and Dame Judi Dench gets to pick who goes to cat heaven, where's my purse? but considering Francesca is a principal dancer in the Royal Ballet, her dancing was obviously gonna be great in the movie. it's an art that speaks through body movement and not a voice. but when you're covered in unfinished cgi, what's the point? everyone's dancing their hearts out, but then their rendering effects on top of which should be fluid motion. I don't want the dancer on the left side of the screen while the fur is still on the right side. it's like going to somebody's house and it looks beautiful, but it smells like crap. you're not gonna want to stay. so it sucks that a lot of the choreography has been overshadowed, overshadowed, literally, by the visual effects. as for Francesca, had the idea of having to hear your intro song that you have to perform live that was never written before, an original song for the first time on set. and I just had to say, props, Francesca. I hope your next one goes better. when Andrew and I ended up writing this song, the only way to really play it for her because we were just rushing, we had written it the day before I came in, and we had the sheet music made up, and and so we had to, you know, sing it live, for her magical day. just, I've had so many pinch me moment this whole film, but I think that was, for me, that one the most surreal day, is having a private concert of a song that he'd written for me, he for my character. now, let me be positive before I get into so Judi Dench was in cat school. yes, I liked the sound mixing. sometimes there were moments or it was just better for me to close my eyes, because, like I said, I'm not getting here. I think the music is catchy, and they don't do a bad job with the movies recordings of them. but it's like when you finally watch the music video to a song you really like, and it kind of ruins it for you. I feel bad for the twins because they were also just in men in black international disappointment. and it sucks because I think they're mad talented, but their agent keeps bugging them. Dookie. mr. Mistoffelees is an interesting character who takes victoria under his wing and become cat lovers by the end. but he also does magic, and no one really takes seriously, you know, until the end when they need it. and he pulls through. yes, still doesn't get the MVP award at the Jellicle ball. I also thought he was played by Robert Pattinson the entire movie, till I realized them it wasn't. so sorry, Laurie. no, really sorry Laurie. visually, the only defense I'll give this demented hybrid is that cats has always been weird, so I expect it to also look weird when it's a movie. it just continues it. and as much as we all want to hate it, and rightfully so, this isn't a this is an experiment that will not be forgotten. 2019 has been the year of visual innovation. they thought if one lab action animation with cats did well, then they could do it. angley shot willy and 120 frames, so they got the go to CGI off the rule o's. and look, while this movie has given one perfect shot enough constant for the next 365 I'm sorry. I'm already not fitting Tom Hooper for making me watch a fifth of the screen when I paid for a full ticket. and this time the movie wasn't even done. you know, I wasn't too surprised. we we saw our mock-ups. I think the first time we saw our ears and our tails, that was pretty wild. but, you know, when avatar came out, they were like, what is that? that is the creepiest thing I've ever seen. but that movie ended up doing pretty well. and I think it's so great to have a movie, musical get so much buzz. Hani I'm not even a fan of Avatar, but that was a technological achievement. at least they finished their renders. they at least altered the human hands and feet. in Pandora. [Music], you guys had to take cat classes. cats, cool cats. cats. cats, cats, cool cat lessons. cats go. how does a human become a guy? oh, you crawl around on the floor and you pretend to be a cat. are you ready to smell our bugs? so what you realize is all about the shoulders. no teaches you to be a cat. so we had a cat behavioral specialist, our cat mistress, Miss Sarah, would run in and give me some direction, and she'd just go, more cat. more cat. we literally did cat school, like every day. I was in cat school a lot. there's a lot of licking. I like Jason Derulo, we all went to cat school. doesn't go much to catch screw. this is what y'all got, a tax break. for is navigating. or hold on one second, for go for go for it. polishing start Monday. here we go to get that. okay, so the next cat is, hey, how you doing? my name is Jason Derulo. this man plays a hyper-sexualized cat named rum tum tugger, who is addicted to the spotlight and wants to lick every female kitten and repeats his name a lot. so, in other words, he's luckily I'm not allowed to critique his performance. and, you know, I haven't made a movie where the actors feet go into the ground while they're dancing. so I guess you're right. Jason Derulo. GQ, sexiest person of the year. Idris Elba is also in this movie. will hit early meowing his way out of scenes like he's also a magician who has the power to teleport others and even himself, like Goku. and in one of them, he literally his way out of this movie. it's like that Beauty and the Beast scene. he's also competing to win the Jellicle ball, because it's kind of implied that this is their way of redeeming those nine lives. so you got James Corden's cat, who wants to win because he's got him so fat, he wants to restart in a skinny body. Jennifer Hudson's Grizabella wants a second chance. and I'm assuming interest just wanted to come back, not shave like a Kendall. like, I get he's the bad guy. but the moment, a wild furry elbow appeared, with no coat, mind you. and justice, just so you know, he was wearing a coat throughout the entire movie, meaning that, while the rest of the community may have been nudists, you sir had set a precedent in covering up. so when this man cat appears, butt ass naked with no Jellicle balls, look, I found a clip. and at first I censored it because I didn't want to spoil the surprise that is this visual. then I realized I should probably keep it sensor so my channel doesn't get black cats this. I actually like Taylor Swift's music, even if she's always trying to play the underdog. she wrote an original song for the movie, since the character Victoria, never had a song of her own. her dead, interestingly enough, was the person to suggest that bumble arena should catnip everyone. and Taylor herself is a cat lady. you have two cats at home. she's barely in it, considering she comes on the 3rd act to help Macavity. and yet, USA Today decided to write an entire article for every time she breezed in those five minutes. bruh y'all had more ads in one article than she did words in the movie. I really do like her song in the film though, though it's very clear they rushed the movie so that the song could be eligible for an Oscar. it's very obvious. there was even a good amount of promo from Swift that she was doing leading up to the movie. and then, like Macavity, as soon as the movie drop, all of her promos just magically disappeared. you have a better chance catching emma watson touring with the other little women. you can't, you can't write a modern lyric for cats. so like, if you can't get TS Eliot, like get to yes cambree. oh, she would go on to not make the Oscar shortlist for the song. shortly after it, cats would pull their entire awards push off of the site. yet it made it for visual effect. listen, rebel, I have sat through a lot of your movies I went and supported. isn't it romantic? I've sat through all these forgettable, cringy, repetitive comedies every year, so why do you have to visually assault us like this? seeing rebel Wilson just reenactor pitch-perfect moves in a CGI first. whoo. it's an old for me. when humans walk, they use opposite arm, opposite legs. but when cats walk, they use the same arm, same leg, except for all the times in the movie when they um don't. this was supposed to be an animated movie at first. if you didn't know why they didn't keep it that way, I mean, like, actually keep it really animated. I know what's still animated. I don't know. there is no going back after you see the cockroach scene. like, I don't understand how Night at the Museum handles this perspective better. and that was done a decade ago. these are people, but they're cats. and this is kind of blowing my mind, honestly. I'll say this about James Corden and Jennifer Hudson, they've at least done the most press for the movie. they're out there trying to support it, and are even making fun of the fact that it, you know, the visual effects were out of their hands. as much as I hated Gordon's character in the movie, in particular, I got to give it to court in Wilson for finding a way to make money. I'll just sit in on their ass. so asti we collude, and we like, let's get the most comfortable position on the set, cuz we're gonna be able to be here for days. and then there is Sir Ian McKellen, I tell you about critics, they're not always right, you know. and these critics haven't even seen what they're criticizing. uh, the cheek of it. haven't seen it. nobody's seen it. we've not seen it. take my word from it as someone who's seen the cup the finished cut, although not yet with all the fur, it is mind-blowing. they are entertaining. sir, you didn't even go to cat school. Ian. I'll take this time to add a bit about Star Wars and how its intruded cinema. some of you all will remember when Tarantino's the hateful a, which he shot in 70 millimeter, couldn't be played in the only theaters who could host it, cuz Disney had scooped up every screen they possibly could for Star Wars. it's been an issue we've covered in other videos, where Disney forces theatres to occupy most of their screens with their blockbusters, or else they won't let them screen it. so tell me how universals cat's intruded a Star Wars movie. obviously, the release date for episode 9 was ready before the script even was so Universal. trying to slip it in there around the same time that that's coming out is so funny. these fools really booked The Critic screening for cats to be on the same day as chapter 9 of the Star Wars saga a 24. didn't even try this hard to bury Silverlake. but get this. their reasoning, well, their reasoning for the counter marketing against Star Wars was that they wanted to attract all of the young women demographic against the movie that has the literal strongest woman in the gal cat's head, Dame Judi Dench, in a pimps fur coat. what's interesting is that she was actually supposed to be in the original stage production, but then got hurt right before the premiere. so as fate would have it, she ended up playing apart years later so I don't know what she do with fate. now, originally another cat was supposed to win the Jellicle ball, cuz, again, it's a talent show where you don't get picked for your talents, but your merits. but then a cat who rescues her also doesn't even get picked. instead, it ends up being Jennifer Hudson's cat, Grizabella, who wasn't even there for her arrival. scat, hasn't contributed to the community, she don't bear cat texts, yet she wins the ball. now, a fan of cats may argue that the point of the story is community, and realizing, in the case of Grizabella, that our past doesn't define us. after being shunned by the community for partnering with macavity, it's another loner who reaches out to her and allows her to have a literal rebirth so that she could start brand new. as long as we're all looking out for each other, or so I've heard. the movie ends actually with Judi Dench giving a long speech to the audience about cat pronouns. and I thought I was kidding until I looked it up. overall, Garfield did it better, I thought. climax put me through hell. but cats makes the lighthouse feel like a daydream. it's more claustrophobic than Mother. technology has a lot of Secrets, some of the most insane imagery we could ever imagine. and sometimes we wish we did it. they were so caught up on if they could, nobody ever asked if they should. this entire movies budget, just for the marketing could have funded the entire dramatic competition at Sundance hell, the lodging for everybody who attended. - and now they're in debt. to think that this man wrote Jesus Christ as a superstar, and even that movie got a better score than this one. I guess it's safe to say dogs up one this season. and I'll tell you another thing, when cats opened on Broadway, the stage musical, it didn't get very good reviews. oh, hello. 40 years later, yes, away, 40 years then thinking of taking out this video and Kearse know your thoughts down below in the comment section. I I think I still had that 90s recording back home. supposedly, reportedly, allegedly, I saw that all the time. but I did decide to go see the play. it was like one of the final showings that were having in Chicago. and I'll say this about the play, they it still doesn't make any sense, but they come up to you, which skip, let's get the hell out of me. when that happened, I had no idea what was going on either. but at least I can see that as being more appealing than the movie, because it doesn't overshadow. there's no CGI and so in the performances, so you can actually see the performance, you know, perform. it's just, you know, not to taste for everybody, especially this one wasn't. and I know there's been arguments that people just don't like they aesthetic. again, I don't think it's just taste. the a aesthetics were finished. there's design, and then there's inconsistency on what size the props and the people art. yeah, I don't know. it was a mess. if you got the chance to see it, I am sincerely apologized. but there is at least gonna be a lot of other upcoming musicals this following year. hopefully all of those are done better. I know a lot of them are remakes. some of them are branding adaptations. my most anticipated, easily would be in the heights. I really like mentioning anticipated movies because I don't wanna get disappointed. but oh man, I am so hyped up for that one. so let me know your thoughts or gets your PTSD, any of the other stuff, any therapist you recommend, and any other musicals you think should be on our radar. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and they'll make a cat's land at Universal 