this is a true story. in a primeval forest. when he woke up, he discovered he had a very large lump on his head. it seemed like it has something moving inside. he took the knife to cut it out. he slashed a line on his skin and hit something furthermore. it was moving under his skin. he felt immense pain, so he didn't want to continue. but he still also felt something crawling in his head. he was very scared. no other way, he had to continue to cut open the wound, put his finger in and pulled out a feeking worm. this man is jay. he and his friends went to the primary forest to explore. it all started last week. they have heard the news out of nowhere that there is a huge amount of gold deep in the forest. it is enough for them to live carefree for the rest of their lives. so they became greedy, preparing all the tools to enter the primeval forest. after several days of struggling, they assumed that they had entered the deepest part of the forest. carl wanted to give up at that moment. suddenly, in the woods, there was a very loud sigh, and it drew closer and closer to them. a farmer took a cow out. that almost scared them to death. in the deep forest, anything can happen. it turned out that they were still walking around here. they went to a tribe and picked up a small piece of gold from the river. this prompted them to go deeper into the forest. there are animals here, so there was no need to worry about food. the captain shot down the monkey. after that, everyone enjoyed eating and drinking. as the week passed, they began to have conflicts. in the end, they decided to build a wooden raft and they would follow the water stream to go deeper into the forest faster. only halfway to go, the captain decided to give up. carl did not want to sacrifice his life in vain. he also left with the captain. the group of four people now only have jay and kelvin left. they persistently searched for gold. they were safe for the next three days. suddenly, the stream was swift. they saw the waterfall in front of them, but the river was dark, and they could not react in time. their grass was smashing a rock they held onto a raft in front of their eyes, but they could not pass. now there are only two options a swim through or dead. helvin swam desperately. when jay was about to swim, over the water causing him to fall down. the water swept him away nearly 10 kilometers. after waking up, he did not know where he was. the tools were washed away by the water. he followed the cliff by the river and climbed upwards. the only thought he has right then was to quickly find his friends. he knew that kelvin was also looking for him. a day later, he saw another teammate's exploration tool. he tried his best, and finally he pulled it up along the riverbank. he ran forward. the second time he woke up, jay had a lump on his head. he cut open the wound, put his finger in and caught a creature that looked like an earthworm. he treated the wound and then continued on his way. seeing the tree being cut down by a human, he screamed for help, but received no reply. seeing the green eggs, he was very hungry, so he picked them up and smashed them. inside of it was a baby bird. without hesitation, he slipped it straight into his mouth, threw the eggshell away and continued moving. he came to a tribe where there was no trace of human activity. at night, jay took off his socks. his feet were badly injured due to the lack of timely treatment. the wound was still bleeding, so he has to rest for a while. jay started to regret it. his life in the city was not so good. but why did he want to explore the deep forest? he prayed so unable to move to another place. the next day, when some people went fishing, they saw kelvin, and they took him to the village. kelvin repeatedly reported that his teammates were still stuck in the woods. so he started searching by helicopter. at the same time, jay heard the helicopter, but it flew too fast. kelvin reached out to the leader of the search and said they were flying too high to find anyone. the leader told kelvin that he did not want to waste fuel no other way. kelvin paid dearly to buy a boat, and then began to go into the woods with a man in the village. jay began to hallucinate because of loneliness and despair. because he was not careful, he fell into a swamp very quickly. he was only left with the head above. he did not dare move. and grip the nearby tree branch, prayed that it won't break. gradually he crawled up. fortunately, the branch was tough. his body has many injuries. he took off his clothes to let the red ants bite all over his body to maintain alertness. the pain will make him physically and mentally clearer. he did not stop running, but hallucinations were present. he went to the riverbank to get bamboo to form an ex to wait for someone to help him. a turtle crawled towards jay. he intended to pick up a stone to kill it to eat, but he couldn't do it. on the 19th day, kelvin and the man found jay's sign, but could not find him. the two of them left. jay woke up from the mud and saw kelvin, but he couldn't call the friend's name. the land filled with mud made him become one with this place. he crawled as hard as he could to get up, hoping for kelvin to see him. but kelvin did not turn around. jay was desperate. at last, kelvin saw him. his weak body made him fall down heavily. jay's whole body was full of injuries. he shed tears. how pitiful did he look? the four people on the expedition were left with only two. people are always curious about what they do not know, even at the expense of their own lives, 