[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka, a friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and in the wake of a lot of news coming up about the upcoming MC project, spider-man 3, has been a couple of leaks that have made their way to the web that I thought deserved a closer inspection. the main one of these coming from Lord of the leaks himself, Mikey Sutton, who correctly reported on spider-man joining the MCU way back in Civil War, as well as the Disney and Sony negotiations being ongoing, when many said that the door was closed. on the 30th of September, the leaker posted a status that said that the upcoming 2021 film, spider-man 3, would be the darkest of the Homecoming trilogy, and that it would feature the chameleon as a villain, as well as she-hulk, who will be cameo in the movie before her solo show on Disney. Plus, I'll get into the post in just a bit, but this ties in with reports that were posted a that the daredevil and kingpin would be featuring in the film, and that Disney were planning on resurrecting the Netflix shows through Hulu. I've already done a full video on that, so if you want to know more, then make sure you click the bar along the top that links to the video. anyway, if you still hear certain seemingly has a lot of info on the upcoming movie. and whilst leaks like this should always be taken with a grain of salt, it does sound like a pretty cool way to take a character in the film. the post itself says the following, now that the dispute between Sony and Disney over spider-man in the MCU has been happily resolved, the focus is on filming spider-man 3, or more specifically, scripting the movie. the origin of the following scoop is not new, so whether changes will be made after the new agreement remains to be seen. after all, this wasn't sulphide back then either. there were discussions on having the chameleon be the villain in the third spider-man flick. the plan, it seems, is to have the movie be about a tale of identities, the hero whose identity is revealed and the villain who steals identities. Marvel Studios sees this as the darkest of the three films, with a slightly more grown-up Peter Parker, who has experienced so much already and is about to go through a harrowing personal journey at home. most likely, the chameleon will be pretending to be either Parker and/or spider-man, causing havoc. whether the chameleon will be affiliated with Dimitri and far from home remains to be seen, but I strongly believe that this was simply misdirection. but will it just be the chameleon? watch Lord of the long box for part two of this news live at 5 p.m. PST. today as the third Eclipse to involve Parker's green skinned attorney against another powerful foe. these talks were early, so let's see what ends up staying as the script is just being written. how will it be? you'll fly in the ointment. Mikey, so this sounds pretty cool. and whilst I was hoping that Kraven would be the villain of the piece, this aesthetic actually works really well too. I suppose it's down to Sony how they want to bring Kraven into the universe, but as of now, we haven't had a date announced for the film's solo film, and thus it's a pretty safe bet to assume that his outing will probably be released after the aforementioned spider-man 3. chameleons could also be used to get Peters identity back to being private. as if he is discovered in the film to be parading around as the wall-crawler, then the Mysterio attacks that were blamed on Parker could be shifted to him. now, again, this is a rumor, and as Sutton says, this idea was brought up early in production, so it may not even make its way through the scripting process, so take this as you will. personally, though, I think this sounds great, and it would definitely work, in my opinion. the Home Coming trilogy is known for using villains that haven't appeared in spider-man films before, and this, at least on the surface, lines up with the aesthetic. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this news. and if you think it's true, or if you think it's just some Mysterio fake news, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my breakdown that daredevil and kingpin will appear in the MCU, which would be linked at the end. I go over everything you need to know about the story. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come chat to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. so make sure you follow me on twitter at definition white tea. it's the best place to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. well, so just wanna let you know that we're currently giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the Chan of winning is a like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the chameleon news in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from the enter Birgit. surprise. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, it subscribe. thanks again to take the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 