in today's video, i am going to be recapping the events of annihilation, a 2018 science fiction horror film. a biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply. spoilers ahead. you have been worn. now like the video and subscribe to the channel if you enjoy this video. our main character, lena, narrates her experience in a sealed room with a few scientists dressed in ppe suits. she's the sole survivor of a top secret mission. lomax. her interviewer asks her about her teammates. she simply says they died. lena is a biology professor. her husband, kane, had disappeared on a covert military mission. she's still grieving about him. after a year, he returns to her, and she's overjoyed. they sit down and talk. she asks him about the mission, but he gives confusing answers and knows very little. he doesn't even know how he came back to her. the only thing he knows is that one moment he was outside the bedroom and recognized her face. he sips some water. when he puts down the glass, there's blood in it. on their way to the hospital, his condition worsens to seizures, and he spits out more blood. police sirens follow them. they stop the ambulance and tell everyone to step out. they hold in the back and sedate her. she wakes up in a bed wearing orange overalls. a woman introduces herself as dr ventress, a psychologist. she knows about lena's military career of seven years and her job as a professor. she asks what her husband told her after coming back to her or before leaving for the mission. did he contact her when he was away? lena tells the truth, which is that he never spoke about the mission. she's informed that her husband's alive, but in a critical condition as a result of internal bleeding. standing at the balcony of the southern reach base located at area x, lina sees ground stretching till a strange, translucent wall of a texture similar to oil on water. the base is part of a classified project that aims to investigate the phenomenon coined as the shimmer. three years ago, a lighthouse was covered in the shimmer. from there, it's been constantly expanding. nothing or no one, sent in comes back safe for her husband. lina makes new friends at the base, anya, cassie and josie, who are going into the shimmer with dr ventress. they are the first all scientist team, unlike previous teams that were only military. they have two theories on the people that vanish in the shimmer, someone kills them, or they kill each other. lena requests to join the team because she feels she owes it to her husband. she's taken into the team because of her military and science background. ventress sets the mission statement, that is to go to the lighthouse. all five women walk into the shimmer. inside the shimmer, they're living in tents in a forest. the team doesn't remember what happened after they entered the shimmer. checking their inventory, they estimate they've been here for three to four days. their radios can't send signals outside the shimmer, and the compass isn't working. the only alternative they have is to observe the sun for time and direction. they trek to a hut near a swamp. lena observes the flowers of different species are growing from the same branch. an alligator pulls josie radek into the water. they save her and shoot the alligator. after inspecting the body, lena says the alligator is the same case as the flowers, a combination of different species, like a set of shark teeth in an alligator's mouth. lena explains to lomax the mutations got stranger as they moved closer to the lighthouse. they crossed the water in boats. lena and cass connect after talking about losing a loved one. josie and anja have their own demons. everyone on the team has a reason for coming into danger like this. life has dealt them a bad hand. they see more mutations when they get to land, malignant this time. they reach a facility that was the headquarters of the southern reach before it was swallowed by the shimmer. they decide to stay there for the night. names written on a board tell them the people of the last expedition stayed there as well. ventress finds a memory card left by the previous team. it contains a video of kane cutting open his teammate's stomach. the man's intestine is moving inside him like a worm. anya, the paramedic, denies it when it was clearly moving. deeper in the facility, they find the spot where the video was shot, and the body of the man pulled apart and stuck to the wall, covered in roots. waking up from a memory of her husband leaving, lena decides to study the cells multiplying and changing form. she goes to ventress, who is on guard outside. they hear growling in the distance and wake the others. the fence around the facility is torn open. a bear-like creature attacks and takes cassie shepherd. when they reach to help her, the creature has already vanished with her. next morning, josie and anya think they should go back. they have enough evidence to confirm their theories. ventress argues that the evidence solves nothing, only raises more questions, and leaves for the lighthouse, the epicenter of the shimmer. lena's logic says that the way back is six days, but the perimeter near the coast is only two days. hence, they should go ahead to get out. in the present, she admits to lomax that she lied. she wanted to go to the lighthouse too. they continue their trek until they find cass as his boot. lena investigates ahead on that route to find her body. further ahead, they find a house to spend the night in. the plants around are growing in the shape of human bodies. josie observes that the radios work, only they can't reach outside the shimmer. the signal scrambled because radio waves inside the shimmer refract back like a prism. this also goes for biological matter like dna. hence, the cells that were once defining the human body plan are now used as the building blocks of a plant system. at night, lina's at the microscope again. she takes her own sample and sees her blood cells changing. she dreams of the memory of cheating on her husband, filled with regret, she awakens only to be attacked by an angry and paranoid anya. lena wakes up gagged and tied to a chair with ventress and josie beside her. anya believes lina lied about the monster and killed cass. that's the truth, or anya is the crazy one. she admits to seeing her fingerprints moving, and she fears that if she's cut open, like in the video, they might see her insides moving. they hear cass crying for help, and anya runs out of the house. the bear like creature enters. they realize that cassis's cries are coming from the creature's mouth. the creature stops at josie and sniffs anya. comes back, neck bleeding, and the creature kills her instead. josie shoots it. ventress packs up, saying that if they wait here any longer, they won't be alive or sane. she leaves for the lighthouse. next morning, lena confirms josie's refraction theory. their own cells are being affected. small tendrils and leaves are coming out of josie's arms. her cells rapidly transform, and she doesn't want to fight it. within seconds, she disappears into thin air. lena grieves josie before she resumes her trek to the coast. she sees the lighthouse in the distance. crystallized trees rise from the sand. there are bones outside the lighthouse. she walks inside, gun in hand. white roots creep up the walls. a camera is facing a skeleton. she plays the footage of the previous team traveling to the lighthouse. a person from the previous team sits where the skeleton is and says he thought he was someone, that he had a life. he's not sure anymore. he burns himself using a phosphorus grenade. beside the skeleton is a black hole. lena hears voices coming from it and steps into the tunnel. inside sits ventress. she explains that they will be fragmented to the smallest cell and redistributed. they won't be them. her body disintegrates into tiny sparks that float away until nothing remains of her, her cell splitting and disappearing. a light calls lena closer. it takes a drop of blood from her skin, converts it and turns into a shimmering body. the figure walks towards her. she runs up and it's waiting for her. up there. it mirrors her movements. she hits it with the camera stand and gets knocked down. in turn, the figure mirrors her again. as she regains consciousness and sits up. she runs to the door, but it stops her and pushes her against the door. she loses consciousness again. she wakes up and reaches for the phosphorus grenade from the bag near the skeleton. she hands it to the figure. when they touch it, it turns into her overcoming the shock of the duplication, lena pulls the ring of the grenade and escapes. the figure burns, so does the lighthouse and the mutations with it. the shimmer fades away. lena tells lomax the origin was alien, and that they weren't mutating, but changing and creating. the disappearance of the shimmer heals her husband. she meets him. their eyes shimmer as they hug. thanks for watching. like the video and subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed and want to see more of these movie summaries 