[Music]. conjoined twins, whose birth probability is only one in two hundred thousand, always appear on the front page of the newspaper. they are physically connected. some even share organs. today i will recommend a piece of siamese twins, unpopular film, inseparable. walk into the life of a pair of 18 year old siamese girls. xiaomei and daimy have been inseparable since birth because their crotches have been together for 18 years. the one on the left is xiaomi, who is gentle and sensible and obedient. the one on the right is daimy's character a bit rebellious and hot-tempered. the sisters came out beautifully. relationship is also very good. there is not much difficulty in life. the real difficulty comes from their family. father is addicted to gambling. mothers smoke and drink alcohol, even during pregnancy. but sister flower, because of siamese became a local celebrity. if someone has a happy event, i'll ask sisters to spend it. so i helped my father make a lot of money. they became the source of family income. just like many siamese babies, in ignorant and backward areas will be worshipped as a god. the sister's special body shape also regarded as spiritual support by local believers. this day, when the sister spent the birthday of the daughter of the local rich, a well-known broker, marco and daimy fell in love at first sight. marco appreciates their willingness to praise them, but the sisters did not immediately agree. before leaving, marco also left contact information for the sisters. the handsome and handsome mackay makes daimy feel a little moved. she yearns for a free life away from her sister. but xiaomi knew that her father would never agree. parents will only hurt them in the name of love. my shortcomings are used by my family to make money. two relatives are like vampires. only treat them as their own personal cash cows. don't say, dominate your own life. the sisters live like a puppet just at home when people divide money at home. demae is holding the agent's business card. keep remembering his phone number. the girl who is in love. i'm afraid that dad will confiscate the business card when he finds it. sister walk came to the church for a performance. this day, met a doctor from switzerland. lao bye laubai said he could do a check for the two sisters. can separate the sisters and be free. and then question mom and dad angrily, don't you feel ashamed? the sisters don't share organs? you can undergo surgical separation at birth? sister daimy was very happy to hear, although the sisters love each other deeply, but also have their own needs as a young girl who doesn't want to have his own life. the doctor left a business card to express his willingness to help the sisters free of charge. the father directly confiscated the business card to prevent the two from contacting the doctor. while rushing to the next event, daimy opened her mouth in the car to ask her father for the business card left by the doctor. it irritated dad. dad questioned damie loudly after getting off the car. look at the normal people around you. many people are starving, but you have no worries because of one piece clothing and food. don't be in the blessing and not knowing the blessing, in order to force my father to hand over his business card, deliberately not singing during the show. finally, my father compromised. sister daimy did her wish. the doctor told them that the sisters could be separated. due to the limited local technical equipment, must go to geneva for surgery. the doctor helped the sisters reduce or exempt the operation fee. but they need 20 000 euros to pay for the travel to switzerland. but my father strongly opposed. i don't want to spend 20 000 euros at all, because he not only gambled and lost all his money. the more important point is relying on conjoined twins gimmicks to make money far more important than the happiness of my daughter. siamese is not a pain. is a godsend tool for making money. the daughter is not flesh and blood. it is a commodity that supports him to continue to spend his days lazily in order to live independently like normal people. they escaped from their parents for the first time, stole the motorcycle at home, embarked on a journey away from home. they want to find a kind priest in the church to help. but learn that the two are leaving. the believers think they are betraying the church the priest is just using the sisters as a tool to control the followers. after all, the priest just treated them as mascots to earn one's own benefit. desperate, damie thought of marco, the marco who once wanted to be their agent. they found marco's private yacht by boat. marco expressed his willingness to lend them money for surgery. but obviously they also need to pay marcos yacht is no different from a water jay yard. in the hall are men and women dancing with demons. and in the box they are doing shameful deeds. took mako's money, undoubtedly the equivalent of signing a deed. but the beauty, who was dazzled by love, but he didn't care about making out with mackay. as everyone knows, mackay, who is a beast in clothing, does not care about her. it turns out that the agent is a complete fetishist. daimy is addicted to her fantasy and can't extricate herself. xiaomi took advantage of the agent's outing to fetch wine slap and slapped deimy. in panic. the two jumped into the sea with money. just like that, the two sisters floated in the sea all night. unexpectedly, the waves pushed the unconscious two back to the shore, pushed back into their father's hands. after struggling for so long, destiny returns to the starting point again. the sisters completely gave up resistance. this time they were arranged by their father return to the embrace of the church participate in prayer activities of the saints. ironically, the skin that connects two people together let them endure all kinds of unbearable skin but was regarded by the saints as a symbol of good luck and caressed wantonly. the palms of the sisters were still scratched by their father, i want to stop being poor. by touching the blood on their hands, the siamese twin sister sang the song that encourages the children of the world. all children are born equal. the irony is that they themselves are innocent children, but can't get free, love and equality. but the fire of freedom did not go out in the hearts of the two sisters. after seeing the ugliness of everyone around, damie chose the most extreme way, death come to find the last freedom. the end of the film, xiaomi wakes up from the hospital, but demae is not by her side. fortunately, daimy is not dead. she found a sister who had been with each other for 18 years in another ward. the two embraced again. this is the first time they hugged together as independent people. in fact, the connotation of the movie inseparable. when i was younger, it was a fierce resistance from a pair of girls. it's still a longing and yearning for freedom. born to be independent and free as an independent individual. everyone has the right to decide what path they want to take in the future. after all, the command and decision power in life still in my own hands. 