[Music]. Overlord is upon us. originally rumored to be a Cloverfield connected film, and the movie recently departed from this s director stands strong as its own entity. there's a lot to unpack from overlord, including an incredible opener and final battle. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down the things you need to know about the movie's plot and ending. there will be heavy spoilers, and this is a film that deserves to be seen on the big screen, so you have been warned. with that out the way, I'm definition, and I roon it so you don't have to. okay, so the first question that you may have when clicking this video is, are there any connections to the club a few the universe at all? unfortunately, not. and it's difficult to even imagine how the plot of this film would have tied into the anthology series. there is, however, an abundance of gore, supernatural elements and some absolutely incredible moments that more than make up for what could have likely just been a quick cash grab, like the Cloverfield paradox. the film begins on d-day, and we joined paratroopers, Ford boys and their squadron as they begin the counter invasion. the group have been tasked with destroying an enemy radio tower located on top of a church. after their plane is shot down, they must make their way to the target on foot, which is when they run into French native Chloe. Chloe leads them to the village where she lives, which overlooks the church. and the group realized that it has been fortified into a Nazi laboratory. Chloe lives with her and who looks and sounds like Darth Vader with the mask off, and her younger brother, Paul. a Nazi officer named wofe no visits the house and attempts to rape Chloe, which is stopped by Boise and Ford. they tie him up and voice goes to investigate the church. upon arrival, he realizes that the area is pulled straight out of your worst wolfenstein nightmare and is packed with body bags, severed heads and corpses. in the lab at Boise discovers a serum and notices a doctor carrying out experiments on the dead. Boise manages to rescue a member of his company called Roosevelt, who's been experimented on, and the two escaped the facility with the serum in hand. back at the house, they questioned Ratner about the serum, who denies all knowledge of it. but to wrangle three and kills one of the squadron members. Boise uses the serum on the seemingly dead soldier, which reanimates him. he begins to mutate and then attempts to murder the group, but they fight back, and as usual, bullets don't hurt him. and the only thing that does is destroying his head, like really destroying it, like smashing it into the ground. anyway, well, that explains that the serum is capable of bringing the dead back to life. and we get the famous a thousand-year Reich requires 1,000 year soldier's life. it's a great line that really hints to the methods of the Nazis and their real-life goals, which is something that I'll get into later in this video, where the flees the group, takes Paul hostage and gets half his face blown off in the escape. by this point in the audience and characters are hit with the realization that the radio tower is still operational, and the deadline for its destruction is slowly drawing nearer. voice convinces for that, they must destroy it and rescue Paul at the same time, with Chloe. they set off on their mission for the underground, which is where they plant the bombs and set up the tower for demolition. Chloe rescues Paul, but Ford is attacked by a mutated Wapner, who is now near invincible. Lana has injected himself with a serum in order to heal his wounds, but this has sent him insane, and he now believes that he's a god. unable to beat him and fatally wounded for injects himself with a serum. and the to battle it out board, with the help of Boise, manages to set off an explosion that throws Wepner down the mine where the serum was discovered, before telling Boise to leave him. this is because the serum is too deadly to be in either the hands of the Allies or Nazis, and it's safer being buried in the rubble. what anna confirms this by crawling up out of the pit. it's more of the dead begin to reanimate around him. Boise escapes, setting off the bombs and destroying the tower and dig site. and a hearing at the end of the movie, Boise lies and says that board planted the bombs inside instead of out, in order to ensure the radio towers destruction. and that did. now, boys doesn't mention anything about the serum, even when questioned, in order to keep the secret's safe. Roosevelt, who was experimented on earlier in the movie, remarks that he's in really good shape for what he's been through. personally, I took this as the serum now being out into the world, Roosevelt was connected to the serum and therefore exposed to it. though boysson Ford believed that they buried the serum in the rubble. they linger on this moment a little too long for me to believe that it isn't a hint at what may come now that the serum is in the hands of a US. soldier. well, I absolutely love about Overlord is that it's not too detached from the real-life. Nazis, overall, goal the political party, were heavily into the occult. and Hitler was renowned for sending out soldiers to investigate myths and legends in order to discern if there was any truth to them. the Aryan Superman, which is what Hitler believed to be a superior race, was famously something that he strived for in his hideous racial cleansing agenda. the doctor carrying out the experiments has ties to the real world Holocaust overseer, dr. Josef Mengele. his concentration camp doctor, used the experiments heavily on children and people under his care to see if there were any ways to improve mankind. some of these experiments included amputating patients limbs without anaesthetic and giving them blood coagulation pills in order to stop the bleeding, to help discern whether this could work with wounds in combat. it really was a horrendous time period that are things been well fictionalized here. there's a lot more going on beneath the surface of overlord, and I highly recommend that you look deeper into Nazi history if this is piques your interest. personally, I really enjoyed the film and think that it definitely deserves all of the high price that it's gay. it's well short, choreographed and doesn't overstay its welcome, making for a fun ride from start to finish. so what are your thoughts on overlord? did you enjoy the film and you wish that they tied into the Cloverfield universe? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the leaked Avengers 4 trailer, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are heavy into horror. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 