game of thrones the kings road, season 1, episode 2. welcome back to popcorn time movie digest. today i will show you a medieval fantasy television series from 2011 titled game of thrones the kings road. spoilers alert. watch out and take care. across the narrow sea, the dothraki, led by carl drogo, has departed pentos and is heading east. they travel away from the free cities and into the dothraki sea, the long grass plains that the dothraki call home. sarah. jorah mormont approaches daenerys, who looks visibly depressed. he says that she musty, but daenerys doesn't like the horse me. jorah says that the dothraki have two things in abundance, horses and grass. and that people can't survive on grass. jorah sees denny staring at drogo, and he tells her that it will get easier. the khalasar may camp. and daenerys has helped off her horse and carried into her tent by her new handmaidens. jorah approaches viserys and tells him that illyrio has extended the hospitality of pentos to him, so that he doesn't have to travel with the khalasar. viserys rejects this, saying that he'll stay with the khalasar until drogo fulfills his promise and gives him an army. viserys inquires about why jorah fled westeros, and he tells him that he caught some poachers on his land, so he tried to sell them into slavery. when ned stark found out and intended to execute him, he fled across the narrow sea. viserys laughs at the notion, saying such trivialities would not be punished under his reign. that night, drogo spends time drinking with his warriors before going into his tent to pay a visit to daenerys. he violently takes her from behind. she cries, but finds solace and smiles at the sight of her three dragon eggs. the next morning, daenerys is being tended to by her three handmaidens. she asks her handmaidens if they have ever heard of dragon surviving in the east. they reply no. but doria tells her an old story about how there used to be two moons in the sky. one wandered too close to the sun and cracked like an egg, spilling out thousands of dragons into the world. the others dismiss this, saying that the moon is a goddess, wife to the sun. daenerys sends them out so she can talk to doria alone. she asks how she knew this, and doria tells her that before she was given to her, she was a pleasure girl, and that men would tell her plenty of stories when they were happy. daenerys asks her if she can help her make drogo happy, and she says that she can. later that night, doria is stranding daenerys on top of her and giving her tips on lovemaking. she tells daenerys that she must look drogo in the eyes while they are having sex. daenerys says that she doesn't think drogo will like it with her on top. but doria dismisses this, saying that the dothraki takes slaves like a hound takes a female dog. doria tells daenerys, you are no slave, and that daenerys should not make love like one. daenerys climbs on top of dorian, and doria says that inside their tent, daenerys is drogoz is queen. later, drogo enters their tent completely naked and approaches dany, who is lying down. he grabs her and tries to turn her around, but she refuses and tells him in dothraki that she wants to look into his eyes. he relents and she climbs on top of him, and they start having sex. meanwhile, in winterfell, tyrion wakes up in the kennels among the dogs. joffrey says that they're to set off for king's landing that day. tyrion lannister insists to his nephew, joffrey, that joffrey pay his respects to lord and lady stark since his absence has been noted. joffrey refuses, saying that he doesn't care about bran and that he can't stand the wailing of women. tyrion slaps joffrey three times until he accepts his uncle's suggestion. joffrey scurries away. chandra tells tyrion that joffrey will remember that. tyrion says that he hopes he will. tyrion turns and walks away, going to breakfast inside the great hall, the other lannisters are already eating tyrion orders breakfast and sits down with them. he informs them of his decision to journey north to see the wall before returning to king's landing. myrcella asks tyrion if bran will live, to which tyrion says that bran is expected to live. and note cersei and jaime's guarded reactions. cersei remarks that it's no kindness to let him linger in such pain. she also expresses her disapproval of tyrion going north to visit the wall. jamie says that he hopes tyrion doesn't intend to join the night's watch. tyrion says he only wishes to piss off the edge of the world. cersei is disgusted and takes tommen and murcello away. jamie says that he'd rather have a quick, clean death and living as a [ __ ]. tyrion says that he is eager to hear what bran has to say. jamie glare said tyrion and asks whose side he's on, implying that tyrion knows about the incest. tyrion assures him that he is loyal to their family. cersei visits caitlyn stark, who is sitting by her son's side, and tells her that her first child, a beautiful, black-haired boy, died of a fever. she and robert were grief-stricken, and her prayers and tears were for naught. caitlyn says that she had no idea about this, and cersei says she will pray for bran. caitlyn thanks her, and cersei says that maybe this time the gods will listen. jamie approaches john, who is at the forge having a sword made. he talks to john about the night's watch and is openly mocking them. john says that we've guarded the realm for thousands of years. jaime asks if john's taken his vows yet, to which he says he hasn't. jamie shakes john's hand and offers his thanks for his services, clearly being sarcastic. john visits arya, who is packing her clothes away. she complains about it and is annoyed when her dire wolf, nymeria, refuses to help her. john gives her the sword he had made for her. it's a small rapier, so it can only stab, not slash. he tells arya that the first lesson of sword fighting is stick them with a pointy end. arya names her sword needle in mocking of sansa and her needlework. john urges arya to practice every chance she gets, and they hug. john visits bran to say goodbye, but caitlyn shows him disdain and coldness. john ignores her and tells the comados brand that he's going north with uncle benjen to join the night's watch, and that bran can visit him when he wakes up. caitlyn tells john to leave, and ned enters the room. neden says his goodbyes to his son and to aggrieve caitlyn, who is angered at his departure. while bran remains ill. she tells him that when he rode south to war with robert, he came back with another woman's son. ned tells cat that she has to be strong and leaves. as john readies his horse, rob approaches. he asks if john said goodbye to bran and if cat was kind towards him. jon says that she was, and rob is relieved. they hug each other before they depart, hoping to see each other soon. meanwhile, on king's road near winterfell, ned approaches john. he tells him that there's great honor in serving in the night's watch, and that the starks have manned the wall for years. ned tells jon, you are a stark. you might not have my name, but you have my blood. john asked if his mother knows about him. ned appears pained at the question. he promises john to tell him about his mother the next time they see one another. days later, on the king's road south to the capitol, robert and ned reminisce on the old days and women that they know. a curious robert asks ned about wyala, the mother of his bastard son, but ned refuses to enlighten him. robert says ned is too hard on himself. he reminds him that at that time they were in the middle of a war, and no one knew if they would ever return to their families. king robert baratheon calls a halt to discuss with ned some dire news that has just arrived. robert, spies have learned of daenerys targaryen's marriage to call drogo, whose khalasar is reported to number over 100 000 warriors. ned points out that the dothraki cannot cross the narrow sea as they have no ships. but robert is concerned that the seven kingdoms will soon face another war. traveling north, john, tyrion and benjen may camp, and john stares at the recruits that are going to the wall. john asks tyrion why he reads so much. tyrion tells him that, my brother has his sword, and i have my books. and a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. tyrion tells jon that the night's watch is not the noble institution it was once was idealized with glorious knights defending the realm against the horrors lurking beyond the wall. he tells john that he is smart enough to realize that, then gives john wine to drink. after several days, john's party crests arise and sees the wall before them. benjen welcomes them, and tyrion seems impressed by the wall sheer size. back in winterfell, maester lewin visits kat and tells her that she has to look over the account since the royal visit cost them quite a bit of money. caitlyn's refusal to leave bran's side is starting to cause problems for the smooth running of the castle. rob offers to work with maester lewin and says that he'll handle it. lewin is grateful and leaves. rob tells caitlyn that she's been at bran's side for weeks and that rickon needs her since he doesn't understand what is happening. rob sees a fire outside and rushes out of the room. it turns out that the fire is just a distraction to allow an assassin to attempt to finish off bran. caitlyn holds the assassin off long enough for bran's dire wolf to enter the chamber. summer rips out the man's throat and lies down on the bed by bran. the next day, caitlyn explores the tower that bran fell from and notices a long golden hair on the ground. she summons rob, theon lewin and the castle master at arms, sarah roderick castle. she tells them that she suspects that the lannisters tried to kill bran because he might have seen something in the tower. sir roderick shows them the dagger the assassin used, which was valor and steel. it is expensive and rare for such amanda wield. rob and theon are all for making war, but lewin schools them to caution. caitlyn decides that ned must know the truth and resolves to travel south to king's landing and meet him there. rob offers to go in her stead, but she tells him that there must always be a stark in winterfell. sarah rodrick will escort caitlyn, while rob will remain in winterfell to take charge of the castle. and caitlyn's absence on the kings road, the royal party reaches the end of the crossroads, a noted way stop on the way south to the capitol. sansa, while exploring with her dire wolf lady, encounters sir linpay shandor clegane, prince. joffrey's bodyguard approaches and introduces sansa to sir ellen payne, the king's headsman, a frightening looking man who had his tongue torn out on the orders of the mad king many years ago. joffrey saves sansa from this unpleasantness and takes her for a walk along the riverbank. as they explore the forest, they find arya practicing her sword work with micah, the son of the party's butcher. arya tells them to go away. if they approach, joffrey takes out his sword and starts taunting the butcher's boy. joffrey tells him that he isn't a real knight and raises his sword to the boy's face. arya begs joffrey not to hurt him, and joffrey says that he won't hurt him much. he starts to gleefully cut micah's face with his sword. but an outraged arya hits him on the head with a stick. joffrey quickly becomes violent and threatens arya at sword point. but before he can hurt her, arya's dire wolf, nymeria, attacks joffrey, biting at his arm. micah runs off, and arya throws joffrey's sword in the river before running off herself. sansa tries to help joffrey, but he spitefully tells her to leave him alone and go for help. arya tells nymeria to run away, since if she is caught, she will be killed for attacking joffrey. when nymeria doesn't move, arya picks up a rock and throws it at her. it hits nymeria and she runs away. that night, ned and ends man search the forest for arya. jory castle approaches ned and tells him that arya has been found by the lannisters and taken before the king. ned orders all of his men back to the end. ned pushes past all of the lannister soldiers and embraces arya, who begs his forgiveness. ned demands to know why arya wasn't taken to him first. cersei warns ned about his tone, but robert shuts her up and apologizes to ned. cersei and joffrey accuse arya and the butcher's boy of attacking joffrey after he was bitten by nymeria. arya denies this and says joffrey is lying. cersei calls sansa forwards, who is asked what happened. she tells them that she can't remember. arya calls her a liar and attacks her sister. the king decides to let ned disciplinaria, while he will do the same to joffrey. but cersei demands that the dire wolf be executed. a lannister soldier says that they can't find the wolf. cersei says that they have another one chained outside. but sansa and arya point out that that's lady, not nymeria, and that lady is innocent. sansa begs ned not to let them kill her. ned asks robert what his decision is, but the king just leaves and doesn't say anything. cersei orders a lin payne to kill the dire wolf, but ned says he'll do it himself, since the wolf is of the north and deserves a better death. as he leaves the end, ned passes shandor clegane, who has the corpse of the butcher's boy slung over the back on his horse. clegane tells ned that the boy ran, but not fast enough. ned kneels before lady and pats her before taking out his dagger and killing the dire wolf. back in winterfell, bran wakes up. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 