you know, and you [ __ ] something up, and you wish you had the power to hit undo [Music], like when you say the dumbest thing in front of your biggest crush, but when you talk [ __ ] about your boss in an email, then that reply all to everyone at work, or when you crash the entire world economy and kickstart the inevitable downfall of human civilization. hello friends. Greg here. Elliott has a new day job. and we say hello and goodbye to a series regular. now, I'm gonna break down episode 2 for you, but first, make sure I subscribe the gamespot Universe will recover, TV breakdowns, movie reviews and so much more. now let's break down season 3, episode 2, undo. first up, a quick recap. as the episode title suggests, Elliott is trying to undo everything that he and the dark army tried to do in season two. angela manages to get him a job at a Corp, and Elliott manages to get at least one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, Ecore of employees arrested by the FBI. and it's also confirmed that Darlene is working for the FBI. you understand what that means, right? I don't understand how that hurts. you guys. throw at me. confidential human source. whoa. now I get it. flipper returns, and whiterose lays down the hammer on Phillip price. don't mistake my generosity for generosity. mr. robot seems to have the upper hand on the FBI. and finally, we have a showdown with Krista and mr. robot himself. while the title of this episode is undo, and yes, we did witness a lot of undoing with Elliot and the showrunners, to another extent, I would argue that the main theme of this episode is family drama. the loneliness came back worse than I remember. we got a tragic reminder that Elliot is struggling with his mental illness as he seems to drift further into isolation while trying to go back to a normal life. this episode points a lot of Elliot's misery and loneliness directly at his family and the lack thereof. Elliot is struggling with his split for mr. robot and the separation he feels with his sister. what happened? yep. - so don't think for a second our shitty childhood is only yours. and this is where his therapist Krista comes in here. we learned that Elliot may not have told the whole story to us about what happened the day he fell out the window. as a child, your dad pushed you out a window. yeah, I've told you that before, Elliot. you've never know, you've never told me this. now we've seen a version of this window incident play out in season 1. this episode seems to send signals that what we saw is not the whole truth. remember, we're dealing with an unreliable narrator, so that window scene could just be what Elliot wants us to see. for now, I have a feeling that we're going to get another flashback to that fateful day. and this could be the very moment that triggered Elliot and created the man we see today. let me put this as simply as I can, so that we never have to belabor this point again. your success will always follow mine. I didn't give about your record. taking a step away from Elliot for a moment, we learned that white rose is sick of Phillips, and she is going through with stage two no matter what when told that this is probably not the best idea, white rose replies, it's time for the prices and consonant, we'll find out soon enough of Eliot's convoluted plan to reroute a corpse data will ruin the dark Army's plans. Elliot, you should know that nothing's gonna come from this. we were doing just fine. Eliot and mr. robot talking in unison was downright frightening. I absolutely loved this scene. as always in this show, the blocking and dialogue was outstanding. I thought that emojis had montage at the beginning of the episode was awesome. now, this is a huge stretch, but bear with me here. I want you all to take note that the two trained shots from Elliott's POV are meant to be similar scenes, but the clothing is slightly different. this makes me think of that spot the difference kids game found at the red wheelbarrow website that you can download right now, with all this talk about parallel universes, I can't help but bring this up. make sure to keep an eye out for any scenes that seem to be slightly off, because for a show that's this polished, it may not be a continuity error. cool, little side note, we can pretty much sum up this entire episode in this shot of Elliott on the subway with the separation anxiety poster hitting you over the head with the obvious symbolism. now with that said, let's not forget about the return of flipper to Elliott. that bills are through the roof, because this little piece of [ __ ] is sick [ __ ] all over my house for weeks, probably died. separation anxiety happens all the time with pet dogs, and can sometimes cause them to become sick and crap all over the place when they're separated from the person they're attached to. and now I have a few questions for the episode. is this truly the way that Johanna was always meant to go out? I always assumed that she would have a much bigger role in the grand scheme of the show. now it seems her main purpose was to just get Tyrell off the hook for murder charges. now remember, mr. Sutherlin is still alive, so we'll see if as no has any loose ends to tie up between the bodyguard and Tyrell. and finally, who do you think this is? in the F Society video, my guess is Tyrell. let me know who you think it is in the comment section down below. that's it for me over here, everybody. let me know what you thought the episode in the comments section down below. I'll be back next week to break down episode 3, legacy, right here. and I'll see you guys then. bye. bye. 