hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a fantasy comedy film, groundhog day. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. phil works for a tv station as a weatherman. for many years, he's sent to a local town every year to cover the groundhog day festivities there. phil has long since been sick of this repetitive job. without passion anymore, he just want to get the job done fast. this year, as before, upon arriving at the town with the report team, phil heads to the hotel directly on february 2nd. in the early morning, phil's wakened up at six by the alarm clock. on the way to the event, phil happens to meet an insurance broker, his former classmate, whose insurance solicitation seems definitely the least thing he'd want to hear in his rush hour. trying to escape from the classmate solicitation, he loses his attention and falls his leg into a water puddle. he arrives at the event, annoyed by such a bad day for him, he finishes the routine report half-hearted and want to rush out of the goddamn town immediately on their way back to the city. however, they're stuck in a heavy snowstorm, which forces them to spend one more night in the town. eventually, the next morning, phil is roused up by the same alarm at 6. he's much confused and shocked as well to find that it's still the same ground day, as he hears the same radio broadcast and sees the same views outdoors. what's more, on his way to the event, he meets the same classmate on the street and steps into the same water puddle while avoiding his solicitation. while staying in the hotel, after the report, he tries to figure out whether it's just his delusion with a pencil broken on purpose before his sleep, but only to find an intact one. when awakening up the next morning in a panic, he then cuts off the solicitation from his classmate and confides to rita all the strange stuff that happened to him. rita, however, doesn't buy his [ __ ], but instead urges him to get a health check at the hospital, where phil is checked in his brain, but found nothing wrong. phil later resorts to the psychologist, but gets the same result. though still confused much by his current situation, phil test get drunk recklessly drive his car and challenged the police before being arrested and in prison. but the next morning, he wakes up in the same hotel. he's excited to realize that he's confined in a time loop where he can relive the ground day over and over again, but most importantly, without any consequences for his actions. he then manipulates the loop to his advantage, punching his annoying classmate down before he makes any solicitation, making fun of the passerby who falls into the water puddle, binge, eating and drinking, smoking intentionally before rita and even hooking a random beauty with all her info obtained by him beforehand, is hallucinated to believe that phil is actually her high school mate. in that way, he tricks the beauty successfully for his random hormone shot. knowing no consequences for his actions, phil intends to go wilder at the small town. he then robs the bank for money and spends all the cash in paying his generous hormone shots to the random street girls, who, however, can't literally make film more satisfied than his crushed girl, rita. in order to give rita a hormone shot, he uses the loops to learn more about her and even her privacy, trying to find out what he should do to please rita and touch her heart. on the contrary, it just turns out annoying rita badly. no matter what new steps he takes to tease rita, in the following same days, rita rebuffs his advances every time. frustrated much by his continuous failures, phil gradually becomes depressed and desperate for a way to escape the loop, believing that it's indeed a curse on him. phil later kidnaps the groundhog for the event and crashes his car off a cliff, intending to kill himself together with a groundhog. the next morning. however, phil wakes up on the same day with many ways he tries to commit suicide. though phil only finds that he's been cursed to be confined in the groundhog day, forever being sick of the time luke. phil tries to explain all the happenings to rita by showing her his detailed knowledge of the day to accurately predicted events. rita finally turns to trust all the unbelievable happenings. at night, she encourages the poor phil to think of the loops as a blessing instead of a curse. phil holds a sincere talk with rita for the first time. the next morning, phil wakes up on another luke day, though, but thanks to the encouragement from rita, he decides to bring himself some change and make his loop day positive. he gives all his cash to the homeless and delivers the breakfast to rita and the cameraman. after the news report, phil chooses to stay in the cafeteria and enjoys his reading time peacefully. even learns to play piano and ice sculpture as his hobbies. someday night, while seeing a homeless and a bad health condition, phil takes him to the hospital for emergent care, but the old man dies due to his high age. feeling guilty, he tries to offer his help to the old man earlier in the following loops, but no matter how hard he tries, the old man turns to pass away every time. which makes phil realize that there's still something he can't change. even in the time loop. after numerous repeating groundhog days, phil learns how to get rid of his arrogance. he switches to a new broadcasting style, full-hearted, and receives the appraisals from the audience and rita. what's more, he saves a kid falling from the tree, changes the flat tire for strangers and saves a guy at a restaurant who's choked up by food. compared to his past, phil now really appreciates the joys to give rather than to take. he becomes well known to the town people for his good deeds. at a coming party, rita is deeply impressed by phil, who stays as the stage focus, playing a piece of lovely piano music to the dance of people. later during the charity bachelor auction, where ladies of the town compete with each other to bid for a date with phil in order to raise funds for the towns rebuilt rita wins the bid. finally, with all the money, she brings phil. later takes rita to a park where he makes a nice sculpture of her. deeply moved by his heartwarming actions, rita can't wait any longer to accept his love confession. they spend a sweet night at the hotel, letting go of their hormone for the first time, fantastic, but fast. the next morning, phil wakes up as usual, but only to find rita is still in bed with him, and the outdoor views look not the same anymore. with the smiles on his face, phil realizes he's released from the loop and welcomed by a brand new day. ever this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 