welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the tindrum. in 1899, joseph kolaczyk, the grandfather of oscar mozart, the main character, is being pursued by the police through rural kashubia, located in modern day poland. he hides underneath the skirts of a young woman named anna bronski. he has sex with her, and she tries to hide her emotions as the troops pass close by. she later gives birth to their daughter, who is oscar's mother. joseph evades the authorities for a year, but when they find him again, he either drowns or escapes to america and becomes a millionaire. anna's daughter, agnes, has two lovers, her cousin, jan bronski, a polish post office worker, and alfred mozarth, a chef, whom she marries. the two men are great friends. agnes gives birth to a son, oscar. oscar's parentage is uncertain. oscar himself believes he is jan's son. in 1927, on oscar's third birthday, he is given a tindrum. reflecting on the antics of his drunken parents and friends, he decides to stop growing and throws himself down the cellar stairs. from that day on, he does not grow at all. oscar discovers that he can shatter glass with his voice, an ability he often uses whenever he is upset. oscar's drumming also causes the members of a nazi rally to start dancing. during a visit to the circus, oscar befriends bebra, a performing dwarf who chose to stop growing at age 10. when alfred, agnes jan and oscar are on an outing to the beach, they see an eel picker collecting eels from a horse's head used as bait. the site makes agnes vomit repeatedly. alfred buys some of the eels and prepares them for dinner that night. when he insists that agnes eat them, she becomes distraught and retreats to the bedroom. jan enters and comforts her, all with an earshot of oscar, who is hiding in the closet, she calmly returns to the dinner table and eats the eels. over the next few days, she binges on fish. anna bronski helps reveal that agnes is worried her pregnancy is due to her relations with jan. in anger, agnes vows that the child will never be born. she dies, though the cause is never revealed. at the funeral, oscar encounters sigismund marcus, the kindly jewish toy seller who supplies him with replacement drums and who was also in love with agnes. marcus is ordered by two of the mourners to leave because he is jewish. nazism is on the rise, and the jewish and polish residents of danzig are under increasing pressure. marcus later commits suicide after his shop is vandalized and a synagogue is burned down by saw men. on the 1st of september 1939, oscar and jan go looking for kobiela, who can repair his drum. jan slips into the polish post office despite a nazi cordon, and participates in an armed standoff against the nazis. during the ensuing battle, kobiela is fatally shot and jan is wounded. they place scat until copiella dies and the germans capture the building. oscar is taken home, while jan is arrested and later executed. alfred hires 16-year-old maria to work in his shop. oscar seduces maria, but later discovers alfred having sex with her. oscar bursts into the room, makes alfred ejaculate inside her when he was expected to pull out to avoid getting her pregnant, causing maria to become angry at alfred when he blames oscar for the inadvertent insemination. while rinsing her vagina in an attempt to remove the deposited semen, she and oscar fight and he hits her in the groin. she later gives birth to a son, who oscar is convinced as his. oscar also has a brief sexual relationship with lena greth, the wife of the local grocer and scoutmaster. it is implied that lena was sexually frustrated as her husband preferred to spend more time with the hitler youth boys. lena's husband later commits suicide or is executed after an official from the nazi regime catches him playing with those boys. during world war ii, oscar meets bebra and roswell, another dwarf performer in bieber's successful troupe. oscar decides to join them, using his glass shattering voice as part of the act. oscar and roswell have an affair, but she is killed by artillery fire during the allied invasion of normandy. while on tour, oscar returns home. much of the city has been destroyed, and the russians are fast approaching. oscar gives maria's three-year-old son, kurt, a tindrum like his own. the russians break into the cellar where the family is hiding. [Music], some of them gang raped lena. alfred is killed by a soldier after swallowing and choking violently. and his nazi party pin. later, matsurath's shop goes to mario spangold, a jewish survivor of treblinka, who also takes care of alfred's funeral. during alfred's burial, oscar decides to grow up and throws his drum into the grave. as he does, kurt throws a stone at his head, and he falls into the grave. afterward, an attendee announces oscar is growing again. the family, apart from anna bronski, leave for the west. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 