welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your house definition, and you're now locked into the channel where we've been watching The Watchmen to break down everything that you need to know about the full season on HBO. the season finale is finally here, and there's a hell of a lot to unpack from it. this has been one of the best shows on TV this year, and the last episode definitely doesn't disappoint. throughout this video, we'll be going over the entire episodes plot, discussing all of the twists and turns, Easter eggs and giving our predictions for the future. there was some fan theories that we got right, some completely left field, and the show ended on a huge cliffhanger that you're gonna need dr. Manhattan's foresight to predict. but hey, we're gonna try. now, obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the latest entry yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now, let's get into our breakdown of Watchmen, episode 9. okay, so Watchmen, episode 9 opens on the other side of the camera to the Ozymandias speech to Robert Redford. as we know from the recording, this was the villain admitting to staging the alien invasion in order to unite the world in peace. and he pretty much got the actor elected as president due to his power. as we know, the Utopia that he wanted was never achieved, and it's sad seeing what it turned into. you also see Ozzie being filmed and monitored by a Vietnamese crew. and this is a callback to the graphic novel, even down to the uniform which is worn by all of his servants, as we know from the source material, as he murdered all of his staff by poisoning them. so this is actually taking place before the squid attack. the squid can be seen in a huge tank behind Ozzie as well. so yeah, we know this message was recorded before it all went down. we see a Vietnamese cleaner breaking into his office and going through his things. on the desk is an awesome anthias action figure, which was present in the graphic novel. and his computer is unlocked by the password ramses ii, which was how Dan and Rorschach broke into it in his New York office. in the source material, the password hint is also untie not, which is a reference to the Gorton not, which was a knot that nobody could untie. hence the hint, untie not. Alexander the grade actually managed separated just by cutting it with his sword. and a knot is sort of a metaphor for intractable problem solving by coming up with a bold move that no one would actually think to do, because in their mind, they have real set in place, much like veidt's plan to stage an alien attack. this unlocks a fridge full of sperm samples. and on the test tube that the cleaner picks out are the numbers 2, 3, 4, 6. this may potentially be a nod to the number 23. no, not the terrible Jim Carrey movie, but the belief that 23 is a significant number that is seen throughout history at several important moments. 23 is, well, 23 and 46 is 23 times 2. so yeah, I definitely think there might be some way to that. here, the woman inseminates herself, and that's the first band theory of the episode confirmed true. is the daughter of Ozymandias so congratulations to everyone who got that right. we also learned that Ozymandias never had sex with a woman. and this is sort of a callback to the book in which Rorschach states that he's possibly homosexual. to me, though the character always came across as asexual, as he was fascinated with historical figures such as Alexander the Great, who we actually see on a painting hanging up in his office. there were also red apples beside the image. and you might remember from last time that when John was young at the castle, he picked an apple out of a bowl upon exploring the castle. he then hid in a cupboard and saw the original mr. Phillips and Miss Crookshanks having sex. and this caused him to drop it. not long after, he was given a Bible and shown a picture of Adam and Eve, who famously took forbidden fruit, portrayed in the book as an apple, and they lost their innocence in doing so. Jon dropping the Apple also was the loss of his innocence. and the fact that apples appear here once more makes me think that Ozzy, - similar to John, now views the world in a new light. we then jump to 2008, and see lady true in what reminded me of the cover of John Carpenter's movie, the thing approaching Karnak. at this point, all of ossie servants are dead, as we know, he murdered them. and true refers to him as a smartest man in the world, which was a nickname that he went by in the comics. true has inherited the position as smartest woman in the world. and once more, the watchman tips has captured the idea of passing things on. this was a huge aesthetic with both the original Nite Owl, Silk Spectre, Jett Crawford's robe, Angela's grandfather. and yet, hero emerges once more. Redford hasn't returned Ozzy's calls. and as we saw last time, he's been running the squid fall. we see that it's automatic, which also explains how it kept running after he went to Europa. true wants to get rid of all new killer weapons, and she explains that she's discovered that dr. Manhattan is on Europa. in order to do this, true one to take Doc's powers, and she needs 42 billion dollars to do it. she divulges that she's aussies daughter. but yet, he still turns it down. anyway, this one thing, to save the world by killing someone, kind of plays into trues plan throughout the entire season. and it also reflects Ozzy's original plan in some ways. when talking to Ozzy, true discusses serpro which is traveling to Europa, and she also gives him the exact time that it's going to arrive. later. it's confirmed that the message that Ozzy wrote on the surface of the Moon was, saved me, daughter, and not save me, dr. Manhattan. and he says that he will never call her daughter, but yeah, clearly, in this moment of need, he did. as he goes over his origin story, stating that he started from nothing, which is also a line that's present in the graphic novel. we then jump once more to Ozzy on Europa, wearing his suit, and an earthquake begins as a craft lands outside. we see that, using the horseshoe, he's sure shanked his way out of the cell. and he runs to true ship to get onboard as he is shot out by the game warden. but he manages to catch the bullet a famous trick that he did in the original graphic novel, he kills the game warden, revealing that he planned out the entire thing, even his imprisonment, for his own sanity. hilariously, the warden asks if he was worthy, and white says, no, but you put on a hell of a show, yeah. and as we learn from episode two and his overall plan, Ozzy loves putting on a show. he ascends into space and then is preserved by being sprayed in gold from head to toe. so yet another fan Theory confirmed. Ozzy is actually encased in the golden statue in truce for barium. true purchased the clocks form in Episode four because this would be the landing zone of the ship. and yeah, as we guessed it, he's been on the planet since. then, true goes to tell beyond that she is a clone of her mother, which it turns out she already knew, probably because of all in nostalgia she's been pumped with. as true stated, she wanted both her father and mother there to witness her greatest achievement, the absorption of dr. Manhattan's powers. the millenium clock is activated, and later, Veidt says, the end is nigh, which is a reference to the sign that Rorschach used to carry around. in the graphic novel, true wears a hat that looks like a halo, perhaps indicating that she's an angel, or rather, the angel of death. but it's also shots of crucifixes in this episode, which highlights to me that she believes she is a God. true is sort of been and villain this entire time. well, it's so of like similar to Ozzy. she's a Belen Bert. she wants to do well, I suppose, yeah. but it's very complex. and yet, true, it's definitely a complex person. you also pass the newsstand and a headline can be seen that pays lip service to the fact that there's still civil unrest in Vietnam. the vendor says that no one cares about what happened to Ozzy. and as we know from the first episode, he was declared dead, but it's clear that the public have their own theories. we then cut the cavalry HQ and see Senator Joe Kean senior for the first time. for those who don't know, in the graphic novel, he actually outlawed vigilantes with the Keene act. and this is why the Watchmen had to give up their lives as superheroes. he's a cyclops member. and we also hear the other side of the Angela a bar battle with the cavalry. lookingglass walks over to her. and yet, theory confirmed. he took the mask off someone else and snuck into the headquarters. doc is transported to a cage. and yet another theory confirmed. he's not dead, well, not yet. we'll talk about a lair. anyway, the cage is made of lithium, which is able to contain him. and Laurie says, John, which is acknowledgment of their relationship. it turns out that Keene and Co are angered about Redford taking away their guns and for making them bear white guilt. he also says that during the white night, doc didn't actually kill the attacker that broke into their home. and instead, he transported them to New Mexico, most notably Gila flats, which is actually the location that John became trapped in the science experiment that turned him into a god. they realized Angela and cow were hiding the secret, and sent injured to play the long game in order to get close to them. Joe even wears similar underwear, and yet, Lori just laughs at it. Angela shows up and says that true is actually planning something bigger, and as she's smarter than they are, they don't really stand a chance. she says that all of the equipment and materials that they have are from true. and, uh, she's in their systems Keene still gets in the cage and, yeah, I have a bad feeling about this. the machine is set off, which sends out a blast, causing ear ringing and people to vomit. Detective Comics 27 can also be seen, which was the first appearance of Batman. Batman often refers to the death of his parents as the night his will then neared. and will to gives a nod to this later in the episode when discussing his own origin story in Tulsa. it turns out that true actually transported the cage and those around it. and we can see that they are now in the square where the new stand was using her forces. she disarms the cavalry soldiers, and the machine has started up, which sucks all of the powers out. doc Adrien also refers to Laurie as mr. Sir Peck, which was her original name. at the end of the graphic novel, Laurie went into hiding and changed her identity. but it's nice that as he still refers to her as how he originally knew the character. it turns out that Jo was liquefied during the transference. and doc looks at the blood, which snaps him out of apathy and reminds him that he needs to actually do something, which we'll get into in just a bit. true reveals that she chose to transfer them to this area because it's where the Greenwood rice massacre took place, and it's time for them to die, wiping out all of the cavalry not long after. she also refers to Doc is the big blue cheese, which to me was a reference to Shazam, who often gets called the big red cheese. doc, now, quote-unquote awake, transports Laurie lookingglass and Ozzy to Karnak, and Looking Glass vomits again. this is another nice little callback to the graphic novel, in which Laurie used to always vomit after teleporting. Angela asked her why he didn't take her out there - and he says it's because he didn't want to die alone. now, last time, there was a lot of people wondering why doc just didn't get out of the way of the gun, especially as he knew it was coming. but you have to understand that the character can only see what's going to happen. he can't change here, because then, yeah, all that he sees before and all that he sees after it, that won't happen. it's, it's difficult to get your head around the whole doc thing and how you've used time. but he's sort of just a passenger that's forced to go through the motion. and this is why he doesn't move here. he basically has no free will. he just has to watch her play out. he also says, too true. he can raise the temperature if she's cold. and this may be a reference at the graphic novel in which Janey Slater gets a chair from how inhumane that he is. and he thinks it's caused by the temperature, and not because she's scared. anyway, true activates the clock, and this sucks out all of his powers and life force. and Angela begs him to stay. she asked where he is, and in a really heartbreaking scene, he says that he's in every moment that they're together. all at once, he transforms to the form that she fell in. love with before it ends, thrusting Angela back. it's really sad watching what could be the characters death. and his power goes into the clock, being transformed into something that true can absorb. we know that this is what caused the death of keen, as he didn't process the power properly. so true is taking these steps in Carnac as he launches the squid fall, which is now frozen, to destroy the machine, as he knows that true won't save the world, because he sees too much of himself in her and realizes his own failings, though he never confirms it. using the phone with a contact Angela and tell her to get in the booth, as the machine and true are destroyed. this is where the crucifix is seen, just as she's about to become a god. and yeah, it's just awesome seen the character killed at the last second. as you say that this I'll have a five-mile radius and possibly inadvertently caused a lot of deaths, which may down the line, need humanity once more to believe that aliens are still attacking. Angela flees the area using a shield and runs the dreamland theater, where will is waiting for her, he also has Angela's children, and is positioning mirrors the first episode, in which she watched a film about bass Reeves. they talked about how you can't heal under a mask. and it's a brilliant exchange that feels like a satisfying conclusion that sort of brings everything full circle, showing why will took the path in life that he did. will in says that you can't make an omelet without breaking a couple of eggs, and says that dr. Manhattan told him to pass this on to Angela. this plays back to when Angela grabbed a box of eggs and smashed them off the floor. and if you watched are what happens next prediction video, then you'll know that we drew some attention to these. and upon returning home, Angela finds an unbroken egg. now you will remember last time that Doc said that he was able to transfer his powers. and this has brought a back year what could be happening in the second season. anyway, we'll get into that in just a bit. but at carnac Ozzie Leeds, Laurie and looking-glass - Archie, which is the ship that the Watchmen used in the original graphic novel, as he says that it was buried in the ice. and this is because night owl and Rorschach crashed it before making their walk to Karnak. Laurie and looking-glass then arrest Ozzie for the genocide that he committed, saying that the world won't end, it will just carry on. and this kind of leads me to believe that Laurie didn't tell the truth. at the end of the comic, I will fear that it would destroy the world. we know that this fear also United the world. and she thinks that it's time to break out of this and move forward with the population knowing the truth. anyway, back at the home, angela discovers the egg and goes to the pool at the dock. told her that she needed to see him on as it would be important later. and she, like eats the egg raw and walks out to see if she can walk on water. and just as she's about to put a foot down, we cut to black, ending the season on a massive cliffhanger. so does she have the powers of a god? well, I personally believe that she does. the doc doesn't tend to joke around, and he isn't misleading for the sake of it. so personally, I don't think that he would have one told her she needs to see him on the pool and to tell well about the eggs, if this wasn't purposely put there to know that she can do this. secondly, I also don't think that the doc is dead. in episode 8, he did say on Mars that there was a duplicate of him and just going through the motions almost robotically. so potentially, the one in the cage that we saw this entire time, it could just be a fake. dr. Manhattan doc can also see the past and future of his own life. and thus, in order to let Angela know that the pool and eggs were important, he would need to know the outcome of this, which would mean that he would have to be alive in the future. I personally believe that Angela will get his powers, and the doc will re-emerge once more. his energy was also never transferred. it was just stored in the Machine. and thus he could still be out there. he told Angela exactly what she needed to hear in order to go out into the pool. and thus this death that he went through actually has a causality to it. there's a lot to think about. but personally, I think all the clues are there. and if we get the second season, and you I hope this is all answered, I'm just double just praying we get that second season. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this finale and what you thought of the season as a whole. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and I just want to give a huge thank you to everyone who's checked out the breakdowns over the whole season. I really, really appreciate you being here to watch them. and yeah, just make sure you stay locked to the channel for a couple more watchmen related breakdowns dropping over the next few weeks. if not, then have an awesome new year. and yeah, just cheers for all the support. we also do a podcast called watching The Watchmen, in which we break down the original graphic novel, issue by issue. so if you want to know the full backstory of the book, then make sure you check it out after this. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which will be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favorite movies of the air. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and watchman in the comment section below. the one is gonna be chosen on the 15th of January, and the set will be shipped out from then to forget surprise. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like it, subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 