[Music]. welcome to the drama behind the scene show. I'm your host, definition aka, the lord of leaks, breaker of nudes. and it looks like george RR martin has spoken out about his feelings towards the game of thrones TV series and how it derailed the books. the author of the Song of Ice and Fire recently spoke with newspaper The Guardian on how the show had heard the books rather than help them. Game of Thrones is, of course, infamous for finishing the storyline before Martin was able to wrap up the source material. and this is often cited as a criticism to why many think that season 8 felt so untrue to the original works. I recently covered Kevin Hart's thoughts on this, and he said that HBO should have let him finish the work before adapting it. but I guess we can't turn back the clock, and nobody has the foresight that bran, aka the king of the Seven Kingdoms, say that with a serious face. anyway, in the interview, when discussing the show and the books and how they matched up, Martin said the following, there were a couple of years where if I could have finished the book, I could have stayed ahead of the show for another couple of years, and the stress was enormous. I don't think it was very good for me, because the very thing that should have speeded me up actually slowed me down. every day i sat down to write, and even if I had a good day, and a good day for me is three or four pages, I'd feel terrible, because I'd be thinking, my god, I have to finish the book. I've only written four pages when I should have written about 40. but having the show finishes freeing, because I'm at my own pace now. I have good days and I have bad days. and the stress is far less, although it's still there. I'm sure that when I finish a dream of spring, you'll have to tether me to the earth. when discussing the similarities of the show and book, he stated, they're not the same thing, although they are very closely related to each other. does the show change the ending of the books? no, it doesn't. it doesn't change my mind at all. as Rick Nelson in garden party, one of my favorite song, says, you can't please everybody, so you've gotta please yourself. acknowledging that the books have changed his life, Martin was then asked if he missed the old days before they became a worldwide phenomenon. and he said the following, yeah, honestly, I do. I mean, I can't go into a bookstore anymore, and that used to be my favorite thing to do in the world, to go in and wonder from stack to stack, take down some books, read a little, leave with a big stack of things I'd never heard of when I came in. now when I go to a book store, I get recognized within ten minutes, and there's a crowd around me. so you gain a lot, but you also lose things. he agrees, however, that the end of the series has relieved a great deal of pressure. and overall, the fact that it has ended has now allowed him to work at his own pace and finish the storyline in his own time. actually really appreciate that. more has come forward and flat-out said that the show wasn't really good for him because that season a, yeah, it wasn't really good for anyone, was it? I'm kidding. I'm good. I'll stop beating a dead horse. anyway, those who've watched my Kevin Hart video will know that in that I discussed how when properties are sold on to TV studios, they often lose the creator's control, and this can send them, while the into new directions, which I think, in this interview, modern AG knowledge ease, and discusses how there's almost a regret around making a show because it's stifled his creativity and ultimately affected his life. on the other hand, though you could argue that should be grateful for the fact that his work is now so beloved, and he should appreciate the love that his fans have for it. I kind of get the feeling that during the recent interviews, he's been trying to distance himself from the show. and the Guardian author actually noted before the interview that they were asked not to discuss anything about season a. though this did inevitably come up to shame, because I think the work may always have this cloud over it. and now I pretty much love the TV series, up until the last three hours of its run, I think the legacy that it created will always be a point of contention with Martin's work. these interviews sort of come across as if he's almost closing the chapter on the show and gearing up to present the real Game of Thrones. though if the book ever materializes, is another question. it's definitely an interesting debate that brings up a lot of questions around how you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube and trying to started it's difficult to stop it. I really do wish that Martin had the time to finish the books, but I can understand why HBO were anxious to keep their money coming in and to make sure that fans weren't waiting too long. in a perfect world, that's what we would have gotten. but at least in some form or another, we will probably get an interesting wrap-up to the story with Martin's depiction. obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on this story. I'm sure everyone is mixed opinions, so make sure that you leave them in the comment section below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the real-life serial killers of mine, hunter, which will be linked at the end. I go over the true cases and people that made it to the show. so it's definitely worth watching. if you want to know more, you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John with curry on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on Martin's comments in the comment section below. but it'll be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 