Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to recap a 2021 Korean Sci-Fi Action movie, called Space Sweepers. This movie tells the story of a future where Earth is inhabitable due to pollution and a Space Company monopolizes the economy. The Company seeks to destroy Earth and build a colony on Mars to further rule over humanity. So, how bad are their actions? Will they complete their mission to destroy Earth? Let\xe2\x80\x99s find it out. In 2092, Earth is no longer habitable due to acid rain from pollution. 5% of humanity are wealthy people who can afford to live in Eden, a paradise in outer space made by UTS. The remaining 95% either remain on Earth\xe2\x80\x99s surface, or in outer space structures (Orbit). Space Sweepers risk their lives to collect space debris and sell it as materials or parts. They usually have their own turf in collecting debris, but sometimes also compete in salvaging the materials. A team is the champion among Space Sweepers. With Jang as the captain, Kim with his piloting skill, Park the engineer, Bubs the military robot, and their heavily modified vessel called Victory, they easily snatch a cargo from other crews and get away. However, they crashed into one of UTS\xe2\x80\x99s antennas. When they try to sell the cargo, they find that they need to pay a bigger fine due to the incident. Frustrated by their debts, they salvage the cargo to look for more materials. While they are trying to dismantle the cargo, the airlock opens and they find a little Girl in a space suit. They take the Girl back to their ship in hope that they can ask for a reward from the Girl\xe2\x80\x99s parents. While they are discussing their plan, news comes up. It is reported that a terrorist organization called Black Fox, an anti UTS organization, has made a weaponized android with a hydrogen bomb. The android is now missing and is searched by UTS. Surprised to see that the mentioned android is actually the Girl, they scramble and try to come up with a plan to get rid of her. Kim searches through her belongings and finds a phone with many miss-calls from Kang, and a report indicating that Kang is an engineer. The crew decides to call Kang to get a ransom of $2 million. They agree to meet at a club, but unaware that UTS\xe2\x80\x99 Founder has tapped the call. When they arrive on the agreed time, the Space Guards sent by UTS interrupt the exchange. The Space Guards try to kill the crew but are saved by the Girl. The crew escapes with the Girl aboard their ship and discusses what they\xe2\x80\x99ll have to do next. The Girl stays and starts to bond with them. Captain Jang is also touched by the Girl\xe2\x80\x99s drawing of their portraits. Jang notices that a near-dead tomato plant has mysteriously sprouted and bears fruits. Back in UTS, the Founder reveals that they are going to terraform Mars to a habitable planet and colonize it with the Super Plant as the anchor. Meanwhile, the crew tries to repair their ship but are low on cash. Kim and the Girl get an idea to sell tomatoes from the plant to raise money, and end up having enough money for the repair. Bubs reveals to the Girl that Kim used to be a Space Guard and lived in Eden. During one of his missions, he saved a baby girl from an illegal personal ship and raised her. As he grew more compassionate, he couldn\xe2\x80\x99t follow cold-hearted orders anymore and was kicked out of Eden. Desperate with their living, he fell into drinking and gambling. There was a disaster that made his Child got blown up to space. Kim has been focusing all his money and time to recover his Child\xe2\x80\x99s body. The crew receives another call from Kang to do a second exchange. Kim tells them that he wants to continue with the plan, but Park rejects it because he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t trust Kang to take care of the Girl. While they are discussing their next step, the Girl got kidnapped by the Black Fox. The crew chases the culprit and finally tracks them down. Kim and Park are cornered by the Black Fox but manage to fight back. On the ship, they are surprised to see that the culprit is actually one of their acquaintances. They explained that Black Fox is actually an environmentalist group trying to fight UTS and save the Earth. They also explain that the Girl was actually an ordinary child. However, she was born with an incurable disease that attacked her nerves. As a last resort, Kang, the Girl\xe2\x80\x99s father, injected her with nanobots. The nanobots bonded with her body and cured her. In addition, she also has the ability to communicate with other nanobots to restructure living material and restore the Earth\xe2\x80\x99s life. The Founder used her ability to grow the Super Plant and colonize Mars. However, after completing the Plant, he tries to destroy all of the evidence, including the Girl. Since the Girl has the nanobots\xe2\x80\x99 protection, she can only be killed with a hydrogen bomb. The Founder plans to trap the Girl inside a factory and detonate the bomb there. The large debris will crash into Earth and kill three billion people, with the Black Fox to be blamed. The meeting ends abruptly when Space Guards arrive. They try to escape but are chased by the Guards. They are able to fly away but trapped inside the indestructible Lagrangian nanobots\xe2\x80\x99 territory. The nanobots quickly engulfs and eats Victory, but the Girl uses her power to dispel them before she passes out. When they are freed of the nanobots, they find that they have been flagged as Black Fox\xe2\x80\x99s allies. Their background is also revealed. Captain Jang used to be a member of the UTS genius program but joined the anti-UTS group. She almost assassinated the Founder in the past. Park used to be a drug cartel boss who had been escaping execution. He used his money to help a lot of children in need. Kim used to be a prodigy among the Space Guards, became a commander at a record-breaking young age. The Black Fox calls the crew and asks to meet them and Kang in an abandoned Orbit block. The mentioned Orbit block is actually the place where Kim lost his Child during the accident. Victory makes its way to the block and the crew meets Kang and the Black Fox there. The Girl and her father finally unite but are disrupted by the Space Guards once more. The Space Guards use EMP that shuts down the ship\xe2\x80\x99s system. The Guards kill Kang and the Black Foxes, and kidnap the Girl. The Founder also gives the crew $4 million for handing the Girl over to them. The Guards leave the ship but watch over Victory to kill them once the bomb has been detonated. The crew argues once more to save the Girl. Kim leaves them with his cut to look for his Child\xe2\x80\x99s body that has been floating in space for years. Before handing over the money, he comes to his senses and decides to save the Girl. Kim comes back to the ship and takes over the steer. Captain Jang and Bubs are ready to attack the pursuing Space Guards, and Park readies the engine for maximum output. The crew manages to get away and comes to the factory where the Girl and the bomb are kept. They find out that the bomb will emit Krypton waves that kill nanobots in a 5,000 kilometers radius upon detonating. Determined to save the Girl, they plan to fly as fast as they can before the bomb goes off, even though the factory debris will still fall into Earth. Upon leaving the factory, they are confronted by tons of Space Guards. Captain Jang uses the emergency channel to call their fellow Space Sweepers to save the Earth together. Pierre, a man who likes Captain Jang, arrives early but is quickly left behind. The Space Sweepers confront the Space Guards with their ship, by grappling and dismantling them. They cover Victory\xe2\x80\x99s track to make sure no Guard follows them and let them get outside the bomb\xe2\x80\x99s wave radius. Captain Jang also secretly broadcasts the Founder\xe2\x80\x99 true intention of destroying Earth to monopolize the economy on Mars. When they are about to leave the wave radius to save the Girl, the Founder latches his ship onto Victory. The Founder tears the ship\xe2\x80\x99s cargo to kill the Girl, but he finds the hydrogen bomb instead. Turns out, the Girl has been transported safely to Pierre\xe2\x80\x99s ship and the Victory crew plans to sacrifice themselves in saving the Girl and the Earth. The hydrogen bomb explodes taking Victory and the Founder down. When the explosion clears, everyone finds that Victory is protected by the indestructible Lagrangian nanobots commanded by the Girl. Due to UTS\xe2\x80\x99 hidden motives, UTS pledges to repair the Earth\xe2\x80\x99s environment and supports the crew\xe2\x80\x99s repair. Kim reconciles with his Child through the Girl as the medium. Bubs buys herself a new human skin. In the end, we are shown that the Earth is much greener with the help of the Girl and UTS. The Victory crew continues their job as Space Sweepers, debt-free, with an upgraded ship, and the Girl as their additional member. Subscribe to watch more videos like this, turn on notifications, and leave a like and comment to help the channel out. Thank you for watching, and see you, next time. 