hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1984 film The Terminator. so let's get started. the film is based on the premise that in the future, robots will take over the world and try to eradicate mankind. majority of the film is set in Los Angeles in the year 1984, where two beings have just arrived from the future. one is a Terminator, t800, played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. the terminators are a type of robot with many different versions, designed to kill humans in the future. this terminer was sent back to kill Sarah Connor, because in the future, she will give birth to a son who will be the leader of the human resistance against the machines. the other being that has arrived as Kyle Reese, a human resistance member who was sent to protect Sarah Connor. the Terminator begins to attack and kill every woman named Sarah Connor, as he does not know exactly what the real Sarah Connor looks like. Kyle Reese is able to locate the real Sarah Connor using a picture he was given, and tells her that there is a defense network known as Skynet that will eventually become self-aware and start a nuclear holocaust, wiping out a large portion of the human race. the humans were nearing victory against the machines in the future, so the robot sent the Terminator to kill Sarah Connor, so her future son, John Connor, would never be able to lead the resistance. initially, Sarah does not believe Kyle, but after the Terminator tax and they escape a few times, she starts to believe. at some point, the two develop a romantic connection and have sex with one another. the Terminator finds them again, and they go into a factory where the final battle begins. kyle is using pipe bombs to fight the Terminator, and shoves one into the terminators abdomen, which explodes and kills Kyle and severely damages the Terminator. the damaged Terminator still tries to attack Sarah, but she crushes the Terminator with a hydraulic press, finally destroying it. the film ends showing Sara, seven months later, pregnant, with Kyle being the father. she has been recording audio tapes for her on born son, John, and has a picture taken, the same picture that Kyle had at the beginning of the film. she then drives off into the approaching storm. so that was the spoilers for the Terminator. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 