hello. welcome back to recap central. today we'll be talking about a psychological comedy drama film about a man who discovers that his world is a tv show. well now let's get started. on day 10, 909, things start to take a turn for truman. he greets his neighbors as he gets ready for work, wishing them all a good day. then an odd item comes hurtling out of the sky and settles just next to his automobile. truman stares at the sky above him when he finishes a painting, but he couldn't find the cause of the strange, bright light that we can tell is a studio light. truman notices that the radio says a plane flying over the island was losing parts, and he thinks the fragments he found came from the airplane. truman, when working, hides paper scraps he cuts out of a magazine and takes out of his desk drawer before placing a call to fiji's directory assistance to ask for phone numbers. he wants to meet with lauren or sylvia garland, like lawrence. the boss approaches and requests that he make a deal in the harbor island area. george hangs up on his calls. truman reluctantly departs the pier, but ends up having to return, owing to his anxiety of being in open water. in his household, truman spends time tending to the garden when his wife, morel comes home with a cheery disposition. afterward, truman visits his longtime friend marlon, a fellow seahaven native he knows from his childhood, and confides in him his plan to leave the town, to quit his job and to explore, echoing his desire as a child to discover the world, despite his teacher telling him that there was nothing left to find. marlon pretends to be ignorant, claiming that he doesn't know where fiji is, despite having been that night. truman finds a place on the beach to sit in stairs at the water. for a long time, he remembers the father sun boat trip he did with his dad, and the time he requested an extension of their time at sea, knowing that it would be their last such adventure together, he went back to the dock against his father's wishes. following this, a storm came and truman's father was washed away in the rising waves. and drowned. he walks out of the memory, and it begins to rain on him, with only him getting wet. his final discovery about the rain prompts him to leap to his feet and go back home. when she learns about his travel plans, merle reminds him that money is a constraint. when he says having a baby can wait until they have adventures, she replies with a question on whether a baby is enough of an adventure. and then she says they should go to sleep. truman notices a homeless man on the street while driving to work that morning. when he studies the stranger more attentively, he sees that the man has a face similar to his father's. despite the homeless man's attempt to catch up to him, several individuals and weird barriers materialize and capture the homeless man. later in the day, truman calls his mother over the phone to interrogate her about the allegations. she rejects the notion, believing it is all fantasy. when truman goes to his basement, he goes to a dusty old chest that has a slew of his possessions in it, and starts rummaging through them. on the red sweater, he finds a white pin with how will it end written on it. when he reminisces, he thinks about the college band with marlon and their college memories. when merle arrives, truman becomes occupied and loses sight of the gorgeous young woman he had his eye on across the courtyard. truman and merle get extremely close for a month or so. however, their closeness is broken when truman goes to the library to study one evening. the woman in the courtyard who he'd been checking out, is standing in front of him. she tells him that she is forbidden to speak with him, which shocks him. however, truman still invites her out, even knowing she's not interested. she hardly types out a note and hands it to truman. the tag reads. now they sneak out of the library without being seen. while they are in the room, cameras lose sight of them momentarily, but follow them to the exit where they escape. truman and lauren find a private moment on the beach. but lauren is panicking when a car approaches. when her father emerges on the dunes, calling for her, she tells truman her real name is sylvia, and tries to tell him the truth about the program. after saying that she's delusional, he collects her and announces that they are relocating to fiji. truman looks on mystified as they drive away and never come back. truman discovers lauren slash read sylvia's jumper, which she forgotten. the newspaperman remerges with bits of images torn from magazine pages. the shreds suggest truman has been making a collage of the face of lauren, sylvia, the woman he remembers. the next day, when truman drives to work, his radio starts broadcasting his every move as if it were observations from crew members. the crew members are only using the radio to relay what truman is doing, so he can hear himself, and thus have something to report to keep the story going. truman's rising paranoia causes him to want to roam around outside. he hides inside a building after parking. when the elevator doors open, he is surprised to see a room full of people with headphones and sandwiches rather than an empty elevator car. this is because it's the break room for the actors on his tv show. before he realizes what's going on, he's tackled by security and ejected from the facility because he trespass. on route to a local store, truman discovers marlon's car parked in the lot. truman attempts to describe what he went through to marlon, but marlon considers truman's explanation to be a joke. truman invites marlon to speak privately, where he confesses that he has something to share that he'll be leaving for a time. upon returning home, truman discovers that merle and his mother are studying old photographs together. he watches the tv play the film show me the way to go home, which conveys the idea of staying home. as his friends look on with him. truman glances at a picture of his wedding day with merle in the photo album. he now realizes that merle crossed her fingers, showing that she did not marry truman. however, truman goes to a travel agency the following day to get a flight to fiji, only to discover that the travel agent informs him that none are available for a month, even before he could get on the bus, to chicago. it broke down. when truman gets back from work, he sees merle sitting in her car with her gaze focused elsewhere. after his speech, she gets in the car with him and sits quietly as he orders her too before forecasting the look of every person that passed them, like a woman riding a red bike, a man carrying flowers and a vintage volkswagen beetle with a dented fender. merle informs him that his actions are concerning, but he decides to put his hypothesis to the test. in the meantime, after merle orders them to head back to the house, he speeds away in his car with her. a traffic gridlock arises at every rotary. truman appears to be unhappy with the arrangement and keeps making rounds around the circle. while on his journey, he reaches a blocked road where all the automobiles have vanished. his only remaining option is to go across the island's single bridge. rather than that, he closes his eyes and pushes the pedal down, forcing merle to get behind the wheel. truman yells out in victory as merle attempts to get him to return home, but he refuses. truman continues along despite the fire in the road. the fire looks as though it has only recently been put out, but truman pays it no mind. the car was ultimately brought to a stop right after a power plant that seems like it has suffered a meltdown. as they came closer in their protective gear, truman saw men in white hazmat suits apologizing for the inconvenience. however, truman couldn't help being anxious when one of them referred to him by his first name, given that they were completely unaware of who he was. he then panicked and decided to run away. they got their hands on him and brought him back to the island. once they get to their home, merle attempts to cheer up truman by giving him a new drink she discovered. truman asks who she thinks she's talking to because of the way she sells the item as if it were a commercial. truman appears more desperate, and merle gets angrier, accusing truman of acting strangely. but truman grows more anxious as he believes that something is wrong with both him and everything around him. merle armed herself with a vegetable peeler and threatened truman, asking him to back off. she's desperate when he pulls it out of her hands and places her in a choke hold. she cries out, begging someone to rescue her. truman releases her and questions her about what's happening. a heartbroken merle jumps into marlon's arms because it's not professional. as marlon calmly strolls in with a case of beer, as if he's simply there to hang out. truman is joined by marlon as they share a couple of beers while sitting by the edge of the road. marlon tells truman that if he was a part of a major scheme or conspiracy, he would know about it, and he wouldn't be a part of it, even though kristoff tells him what to say through an earpiece. valadin swears that he could never lie to truman because he doesn't want to do anything that could break their friendship. marlon gives truman a real explanation for his visit, in which he says why he invited truman out tonight. a black figure appears from the mist, and they stand and stare at it. truman learns that the homeless guy he met earlier is his father. when marlon mentions finding him to truman, while kristoff stands over them with his camera, truman looks up at him with tears of joy and smiles. his father vowed to make up for all the time that was lost. then the program true talk starts, and there's a small screen in the right corner of the tv that shows truman eating breakfast. kristoff gives an interview where he explains some of the series more obscure happenings. truman was taught to fear water as his father's murder intended to make him unable to bear the thought of leaving the island because of his constant curiosity, which frequently brought him close to discovering his capture. this decision was validated to calm truman's mental distress and hopefully convince him to stay on the island. truman's father was brought back. the threats to his security led to many precautionary measures, one of which featured an arden truman admirer hiding in a gift truman had received when he was a child, which caused rubio to gain air time, kristoff agrees to answer caller's questions. he can tell that sylvia is talking as she chides kristoff for seeming to be alive when he is the one doing the confining. kristoff replies by claiming that the world is a prison and that he allowed truman to enjoy a peaceful existence by banishing all violence and misery from his life. the next day, truman looks to be completely recovered, as if nothing had happened when he arrives at work. he has a short chat with his neighbors before heading inside to meet vivian. after rearranging things in his basement, truman prepares his bed and falls asleep. kristoff, having watched the camera feed, thinks truman is doing something strange, even though truman has been asleep for several hours, he wants the phone to ring while they're at home. when truman fails to respond or to make a movement, kristoff sends marlon over, giving him a series of instructions. truman had an extra special present for marlon that the basement of his home, and marlon wanted to know what it was. at a loss as to what to do or say, kristoff does something that has no precedent in formula one. he cuts the transmission. the island's inhabitants are startled when they lose all contact with their chief. kristoff instructs everyone to look for juliet, as he awakens the sun to aid his search. kristoff plays a god-like motion over the set. kristoff suggests looking in the sea when on land all searches have failed. his instincts turn out to be true, as cameras survey the sea and find truman steering a single sandboat alone. despite truman's apparent change of heart, kristoff issues in order to grab truman from outside. this command is part of the continuous lay feed. none of them have experience with sailing, even though they've all acted in movies. kristoff uses his weather program to make truman believe there is a storm to compel him to return to the harbor. but truman doesn't buckle. he yells in anger, even when his voice cracks. frustrated, kristoff uses his powers to raise the wind and violent seas, nearly throwing truman overboard. kristoff pulls the blood on the weather knowing that truman will never surrender. truman sails victoriously until his boat is hit with a massive force. to gather his thoughts, truman realizes that the bow of the ship has embedded itself into the sky. he has gotten to the dome's end. he debarks and checks out the wall, following it for a few feet until he uncovers a little staircase that takes him to an exit door. finally able to interact with truman, kristoff uses the intercom system to speak directly to him as he grabs the door handle. in the story, truman has been monitored since birth and believes that everything in his life has been made as entertainment for the world. kristoff persuades truman to remain in his world where he is safe from misery and anguish, and tries to implant the belief that truman's phobia about continuing to live is too much for him to bear. kristoff tells truman to say something, because it appears like he is lost in thought. everyone's eyes are on us. truman glances upward and replies, see you later, if i don't kristoff is astonished when the stranger respectfully lowers his head, opens the door and exits. at the finale of the truman show, sylvia gets up from her living room floor, while the rest of the world is cheering loudly. kristoff removes his helmet, tears up and then quits the interview. thank you for watching. tune in for the next recap. and if you enjoyed, consider liking and subscribing, or check out our other videos. have a good day. 