dr helen benson is summoned to a military facility with several other scientists when an alien spacecraft of sorts arrives in new york city. a board is a human-like alien and a giant robot of immense size and power. the alien identifies himself as klattu and says that he has come to save the earth. the u.s military and political authorities see him as a threat, however, and decide to use so-called intensive interrogation techniques on him. but dr benson decides to facilitate his escape. when she learns exactly what he means when he says he is here to save the earth, she tries to convince him to change his intentions. in 1928, a solitary mountaineer exploring the karakoram mountains in india encounters a glowing sphere. he loses consciousness, and when he awakes, the sphere is gone, and there is a scar on his hand where a sample of his dna has been taken. the scientists traveled to new york city to wait for the object's collusion with earth. as it nears the planet, the object slows down just before impact, revealed to be a large spherical spaceship. it lands gently in central park and is quickly surrounded by nypd and heavily armed us. military forces. an alien emerges, and helen moves forward to greet it. but amidst the confusion, the alien is shot. a gigantic humanoid robot appears and temporarily disables everything in the vicinity by emitting a high-pitched noise, before the wounded alien voices the command plateau barada nico to shut down the robot's defensive response. the alien's exterior is found to be a bio-engineered spacesuit composed of placenta-like material covering a human-like being. after the bullet is extracted during surgery, the being quickly ages into clatu and looks like the mountaineer from 1928. clattu informs the secretary of defense, regina jackson, that he is a representative of a group of civilians set to talk to the leaders of earth about saving the planet. when jackson instead sends him to be interrogated. clatu escapes and reconnects with helen and her stepson, jacob, telling them that he must finish his mission to save the earth. the presence of the sphere and other smaller spheres that begin to appear all over the world cause widespread panic. the military launches a drone attack on the central park sphere, but are thwarted by the robot. the military takes a weapons-free approach, cautiously enclosing the robot, soon nicknamed gort, for genetically organized robotic technology, and transporting it to the mount weather underground facility in virginia. clatu meets with another alien, mr wu, who has lived on earth for 70 years. wu tells clattu that he has found the human race to be destructive, stubborn and unwilling to change, which matches clatto's experiences. klatu orders the smaller spheres to collect specimens of animal species to preserve them for later reintroduction into the earth. he clarifies for helen that he means to save the earth from destruction by humankind. when a new jersey state trooper attempts to take them into custody, cletu kills him, then properly revives the officer, telling helen and jacob that he did this to simply disarm an obstacle to his mission hoping to persuade clattu to change his mind about humanity, helen takes him to the home of professor barnhart, a nobel prize winner. they discuss how clatu's race went through drastic collaborative evolution to prevent the demise of their planet. barnhart pleads that earth is at the same precipice, and humanity should be given a chance to understand that it too must change. while the adults are talking, jacob calls the authorities to come and arrest clatu. while the military is examining gort, the robot transforms into a swarm of winged, insect-like nano machines that self-replicate as they consume every man-made object in their path. the swarm soon devours the entire facility, emerging above ground to continue feeding. the military capture helen, while clatu and jacob escape on foot. as they travel, klatu learns more about humanity through jacob, and when jacob contacts helen and arranges to meet at his father's grave, the secretary sends her to try to change klattu's mind. at the grave, jacob is heartbroken that klattu cannot resurrect his long-dead father. as helen and jacob have a tear-filled reunion, clatu's cumulative observations of humans convince him to stop the swarm. grineer drives them to the central park sphere, but the swarm has reached massive proportions. klatu trudges through the swarm to the sphere, touching it moments before his own body is consumed. the sphere deactivates the swarm, saving humanity, but at the expense of electrical activity on earth. per clitu's warning that there will be a price to the human way of life, the giant sphere leaves the earth. [Music] 