welcome to synopsis recap. today we are going to tell the story of the godfather, part two. have fun and enjoy. of course, there are spoilers ahead. the film begins in 1901 in the town of corleone, sicily, at the funeral of young vito's father, antonio andalini, who has been murdered for an insult to the local mafia lord, don siccio. during the procession, vito's older brother is murdered because he swore revenge on the dawn. vito's mother goes to sichio to beg for mercy, but he refuses, knowing that nine year old vito will seek revenge later in life. vito's mother then takes sichio hostage at knifepoint, allowing her son to escape. and sichio's men kill her. they search the town for the boy, but he is aided in his escape by the townspeople. vito finds his way by ship to new york city. and at ellis island, an immigration agent chooses vito's hometown of corleone as his surname, and he is registered as vito corleone in 1958, in a scene similar to the opening of the first film, michael corleone, godfather of the corleone family, deals with various business and family problems during an elaborate party at his lake tahoe, nevada compound to celebrate his son, anthony's first communion. in his office, michael meets with corrupt nevada senator pat geary to discuss the price of the gaming licenses for the hotel casinos the family is buying. beery, who makes his contempt for michael and other italian businessmen who are moving into his state to take advantage of gambling opportunities known, promises to make michael's acquisition of his gaming license a difficult process. michael ends his conversation with geary when he refuses to pay the outrageous figure he demands, telling the senator he'll get nothing. michael also deals with his younger sister, connie, who, although recently divorced from her second husband, is planning to marry a man named merle johnson with no obvious means of support, and of whom michael disapproves. he also talks with johnny ola, the right-hand man of jewish gangster hyman roth, who is supporting michael's move into the gambling industry. belatedly, michael deals with frank five angels, penting jelly, a business associate who took over corleone caporage in peter clemenza's territory in new york city after his death, and now has problems with the risotto brothers, who are backed by roth bent. and jelly leaves abruptly after telling michael his father did business with hyman roth. his father respected hyman roth, but his father never trusted hyman roth. later that night, michael barely escapes an assassination attempt when two unseen hitmen spray the bedroom with bullets. the two hitmen are found dead, having been killed by a mole within the compound. afterwards, michael tells his lawyer and adopted brother, tom hagan that the hit was made with the help of someone close and that he must leave, entrusting all his power to tom to protect his family. in 1917, new york city, the adult veto corleone works in a grocery store in the lower east side with his friend, jinko abendando. the neighborhood is controlled by a purported member of the black hand, don fannucci, who extorts protection payments from local businesses. one night, vito's neighbor, a young peter clemenza, asks him to hide a stash of guns for him, and later, to repay the favor, takes him to a fancy apartment where they commit their first crime together, stealing an elegant drug. in 1958, michael meets with hyman roth in miami, and he tells roth that he believes frank pentangelli was responsible for the assassination attempt, and that pentangelli will pay for it. traveling to brooklyn, michael lets penton jelly know that roth was actually behind it, and that michael has a plan to deal with roth, but he needs frankie to cooperate with the rosato brothers in order to put roth off guard. when penton jelly goes to meet with the rosados of the local bar, he is told michael corleone says hello as he is attacked from behind. but the attempted murder is interrupted by a policeman bent and jelly is left for dead. and his bodyguard, willie, seechie, is struck by a car while shooting at the risottos as they drive away. back in nevada, tom hagan is called to a brothel in carson city, run by michael's older brother fredo, where senator geary is implicated in the death of the prostitute. and tom offers to take care of the problem in return for friendship between the senator and the corleone family. meanwhile, michael meets roth in havana, cuba, at the time when dictator fulgencio batista is soliciting american investment and communist guerrillas, led by fidel castro, are trying to bring down the government. at a birthday party for roth, michael mentions that there is a possibility that the rebels might win, making their business dealings in cuba problematic. earlier that day, michael had witnessed a communist rebel kill a havana policeman by detonating a grenade that also killed the rebel himself. the comment prompts roth to remark privately that michael has not yet delivered the two million dollars to firm their partnership. fredo, carrying the promised money, arrives in havana and meets michael. michael mentions hyman roth and johnny ola to him, but fredo says he has never met them. michael confides to his brother that it was roth who tried to kill him and that he plans to try again. michael assures fredo that he has already made his move and that hyman roth will never see the new year. instead of turning over the money to roth, michael asks him who gave the order to have frank pentangelli killed, saying it wasn't him. roth avoids the question, instead speaking angrily of the murder of his old friend, mo greene, which michael had orchestrated, as depicted at the end of the first film. michael has asked fredo, who knows havana well, to show senator geary and other important american officials and businessmen a good time, during which fredo pretends to not recognize joniola. soon after, at a sex show, fredo comments loudly that joniola told him about the place, contradicting what he told michael twice earlier that he didn't previously know her author ola. michael now realizes that the traitor is his own brother, and dispatches his bodyguard, besetta, to deal with roth. johnny ol is strangled by besetta, but roth, in a delicate state because of his heart condition, is taken to a hospital where michael's enforcer is shot trying to kill him. at battista's new year's eve party, at the stroke of midnight, michael grasps fredo tightly by the head and kisses him, telling him that he knows it was him and that freida broke his heart. when rebels attack and batista announces his resignation, the guests flee. however, fredo refuses to go with michael, despite michael's pleas that fredo is still his brother and that it's the only way out. in early 1959, michael returns to his lake tahoe compound after fleeing cuba, where tom tells him that roth escaped from cuba after suffering a stroke and is recovering in miami, that michael's bodyguard is dead, and that fredo is probably hiding in new york. pagan also informs michael that kay had a miscarriage while he was away. michael is distraught at the news, and furiously demands to know the sex of the child, but tom says he doesn't know. in 1920, don fannucci is now aware of the partnership between vito clemenza and salvador tecio, and wants his share of their profits every week. clemenza and tessio agree to pay, but vito is reluctant, and asks his friends to leave everything in his hands so fanucci will accept less. and indeed, veto manages to get fannucci to take only one sixth of what he demanded, one hundred dollars out of six hundred dollars. immediately afterward, during the neighborhood festa, vito murders fanucci in the hallway outside his apartment, and then rejoins his wife and children on the stoops outside his apartment building, where vito tells the infant, michael, that his father loves him very much. but fanucci dead, vito earns the respect of the neighborhood and begins to intercede in local disputes, operating out of the storefront of his genkopura olive oil company, named after his friend, jenko abendando, which he manages, as well as give out favors to others in the community, such as a friend of his wives. threatened with eviction, vito intimidates her landlord into letting her stay with a reduction in her rent. in 1959, in washington dc, a senate committee of which senator geary is a member, is conducting an investigation into organized crime and the mafia. when michael appears before the committee, senator geary makes a big show of supporting italian americans and then excuses himself from the proceedings. during questioning, michael denies all criminal allegations against him, from the murder of solazzo and captain mccluskey back in 1946 in the first film, and to his business status of operating several gambling casinos in nevada. michael makes a statement challenging the committee to produce a witness to corroborate the charges against him. the hearing ends with the committee chairman, senator kane, promising a witness who will do exactly that. frank pentangelli, who did not die in the attack by the risotto brothers, and falsely believes that michael had tried to kill him, has made a deal with the fbi and will testify against michael. tom hagan and michael discuss the problem, observing that roth's strategy to destroy michael is well planned, as michael will be indicted for perjury. after penting jelly's testimony, michael's brother fredo has been found and persuaded to return to nevada. and in a private meeting, he explains to michael his betrayal. upset about being passed over to head the family in favor of michael, he wants respect and his due, he helped raw thinking there would be something in it for him, but he swears he didn't know they wanted to kill michael. he also tells michael that the senate committee's chief lawyer, k-stat, is roth's man. michael then tells fredo that he is nothing to him now, not a brother, not a friend, nothing. and privately instructs al-niri that nothing is to happen to fredo while their mother is still alive. at the hearing in which frank penton jelly is to testify, michael arrives accompanied by pentagelly's brother, vincenzo, brought from sicily, and whose presence causes frank to recant his previous statements about michael. when penton jelly is pressed, he claims that he just told the fbi what they wanted to hear, but no witness to testify against michael. the committee adjourns with tom, acting as michael's lawyer, loudly demanding an apology at a hotel room. afterwards, kate tries to leave michael, taking their children with her. michael at first tries to mollify her, but loses his temper and hits her when she reveals to him that a recent miscarriage was actually an abortion to avoid providing another child into michael's criminal inheritance. she also tells him that the child was a boy, further infuriating michael. in 1925, while visiting sicily for a family vacation in for the first time in 20 years, vito corleone is introduced to the now elderly don sichio as the man who imports their olive oil to america and wants his blessing. when siccio asks vito who his father was, vito says, my father's name is antonio andolini, and this is for you, cutting the old man's stomach open with a knife, avenging the deaths of his father, mother and brother. as they make their escape from sichio's compound and his men, tomasino was shot in the leg by one of ciccio's bodyguards. in april 1959, carmella corleone, veto's widow and the mother of his children, dies, and the corleone family is reunited for her funeral. michael still shuns fredo, who is miserable, but relents when connie implores him to. michael and fredo embrace, but at the same time, michael signals to neri that fredo's protection from harm, in effect, while their mother lived, has now run out. michael, tom and rocco lampen discuss their final dealings with hyman roth, who has been unsuccessfully seeking asylum from various countries and was even refused entry to israel as a returned jew. michael rejects tom's advice that the corleone family's position is secure and that killing roth and the rosado brothers for revenge is an unnecessary risk. later, tom pays a visit to the imprisoned frank pentanjelli on a military base and suggests that he take his own life in the manner of unsuccessful ancient roman conspirators, who, in return, were promised that their families would be taken care of after their suicide. under supervision from connie, kay visits her children but cannot bear to leave them and stays too long. when michael arrives, he coldly closes the door in her face. the movie reaches its climax in a montage of assassinations and death reminiscent of the end of part one, as he arrives at an airport to be taken to custody. hyman roth is killed by rocco lampen, disguised as a journalist, who himself is immediately shot dead by roth's bodyguards on the military base. frank penton jelly is found dead, having followed hagan's instructions and committed suicide in his bathtub. fredo is murdered by al niri while they are fishing on lake tahoe, while fredo is seeing a hail mary to help catch a fish. the penultimate scene takes place on december 21, 1941, and the corleone family is preparing a surprise birthday party for vito. vito's eldest child, sonny, introduces his friend carlo rizzi, connie's future, abusive husband and betrayer of sunny, to his family. they all talk about the recent attack on pearl harbor by the japanese and michael shocks everybody by announcing that he has just enlisted in the united states marine corps. sunny ridicules michael's choice, and tom mentions how vito has told him he has great expectations for michael's future. fredo is the only one who supports michael's decision. sal tessio comes in with the cake for the party. when vito arrives, all but michael leave the room to greet him. the final scene in the film is michael sitting by himself at lake tahoe in silent contemplation. if you like the video, please subscribe, leave a like and turn on the notification thank you for watching. 