so leading up to Avengers infinity war, I'm gonna be recapping in detail what has already transpired in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, phase by phase. this is nerdy rivers MCU movie marathon. first up is phase one, which consists of six movies. and they set the tone for the MCU being comprised mainly of origin stories for the heroes many have grown to love. so to kick off phase 1 of the MCU, everyone was introduced to Iron Man in 2008. and this was Marvel Studios debut film, so no one knew how successful this would be. this movie centers on the origin story of Tony Stark, showing why he initially created his Iron Man suit. after he was captured by a terrorist organization and they forced him to build one of his prototype hi-tech missiles. Stark brilliantly comes up with an escape plan. after has returned to the United States, he vows to stop all weapon manufacturing within his company, going against the wishes of his closest business partner, Obadiah Stane. it is revealed this stain was the men behind Starks initial abduction and has been making backdoor deals with terrorists. Stark goes on to defeat, staying in an awesome battle. then, going against all stereotypical superhero ideals, he reveals to the world that the man inside that Iron Man suit is him, because who really needs secret identities? this movie was also the first MCU film to contain one of Marvel's iconic post-credit scenes, showing shield director Nick Fury essentially recruit Tony Stark to become an Avenger. next up was the Incredible Hulk, which also came out in 2008 after Ironman. this shows the story of Bruce Banner, who has been on the run from general Thunderbolt Ross. general Ross sends a special force to capture Banner after he discovers his location in Brazil. the leader in that special force, Emil Blonsky, was injured in the confrontation and later consumes a serum that turns him into the abomination. once Banner reluctantly Hulk's out, they Duke it out in the streets of Harlem. this movie concludes with banner fling, once again, isolating himself from the populated world so he wouldn't hurt anyone. also, general Ross is approached by start where he tells him that a special team is being assembled. it's also important to note that recast can make things confusing, but Bruce banners character has since been recasted from Edward Norton to Mark Ruffalo. this may be why this film is often swept under the rug, even though it's still a pretty silent movie. next up, fans get the sequel for their favorite genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist and Iron Man 2. this shows a story of a vengeful Russian physicist, Ivan Vanko, wanting to kills Tony Stark for what Stark's father did to thangkas father. yeah, he's a pretty confused individual. but this movie was the first Marvel movie to feature numerous prominent Marvel characters, introducing Black Widow and also reintroducing Colonel James Rhodes, aka war machine, into the universe. anyways, this movie focuses on Tony Stark dealing with a blood poisoning that's slowly killing him. all what he's juggling with the u.s. pressuring him to share his advanced technology, and Benko actively try and kill him. ultimately, director Nick Fury gives Tony a gift that his father, Howard Stark, left for him, it's the key to creating a new element, which Tony needs to cure his poison blood. to start, reluctantly, teamed up with his close friend, Colonel Rhodes, and they stopped Ivan Vanko together. in this movie's post-credit scene, an agent of shield, Phil Coulson, discovers Thor's hammer, Mjolnir, in a crater in New Mexico. Marvel Studios fourth movie introduced the Asgardian god of thunder, Thor. this was Marvel's first time establishing that there was life beyond Earth in their universe. this movie shows the origin story of door, who is about to ascend to the throne as king of Asgard. his coronation is crashed by the frost giants who have broken into the Asgardian vault. after their attack was stopped, the door went to revenge. so he gathered his friends and set off for their planet of jetan hive. Thor's father, Odin, ends up rescuing door, and upset by his son's rash actions, he strips door of his powers and banishes him to earth. shortly after, Odin enters a god-like coma, per-say, and Thor's brother Loki is now the king of Asgard. it was revealed later that Loki was the one who purposely led the frost giants into Asgard. and then he sends a Decepticon to earth to kill a boar. I'm kidding, or am I? so Loki sends the destroyer to kill Thor Thor eventually proves himself worthy enough to hold me owner once and destroys the destroyer. once the door returns to Asgard. after learning the truth, he puts a stop to Loki's schemes and wisely decides that he's not ready to take on the mantle of King just yet. in this movie's post-credit scene, for the first time, and infinity stone is revealed, unknowingly, so even the diehard fans The Empty use. fifth movie was Captain America, the First Avenger. this movie was special because it took place before the previous Marvel movies, being set in the 1940s. this shows a story of Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, a small, fragile young man who had a burning desire to prove himself and serve his country in the military. he didn't meet many qualifications, but his best friend, James, Bucky Barnes did, filling useless and attempting to become a soldier with different names. many times, he is given a chance by a dr. Erskine, who allows him the opportunity to join the good doctor had ulterior motives, and I'm not saying that sarcastically. he was actually a good man. the doctor had developed a super soldier program and wanted Rogers to receive this Super Soldier Serum because he was a good man. and the serum was notorious for increasing the personality traits of whoever took it, whether they be good or bad. on the other end of that spectrum was the Red Skull, who also consumed this serum, or a version of the serum. but unlike Rogers, was an evil person, so he just became more evil. the Red Skull, who was in charge of Hydra, a Nazi division, was attempting to control the power of the tesseract to manufacture new advanced weapons. the tesseract is the first Infinity stone brought into play in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. while the Red Skull is scheming, Steve Rogers receives his iconic, near indestructible shield from Howard Stark, who is Tony's father. in the finale of this film, while Captain America and his Howling Commandos are trying to stop the Red Skull from dropping bombs in major cities, Rogers, his best friend, Bucky, appears to die after falling off a train. and Rogers is also presumed to be dead after sacrificing himself piloting one of the Bombers into frozen waters. next thing Rogers knows, he's waking up in a weird hospital room, only to run outside and be in the middle of present-day Time Square New York. he is greeted by shield director Nick Fury, who informs Rogers that he's been in an ice induced coma for the past 70 years. in this movies post credit scene, very ask Captain America to join in on a mission that will save the world. and that loan lasts, a moment fans were waiting for since Nick Fury first began recruiting the Avengers finally assembled into theatres in 2012. this movie starts with Loki, the brother of Thor, stealing the tesseract from a hidden shield facility. once Loki escaped with the tesseract. director Nick Fury reactivated his Avengers initiative and sent Agent Coulson and Black Widow to recruit Iron Man and Bruce Bennett, while director fury went on to recruit Captain America. shield quickly gets the location of Loki and Germany, and Captain America meets Iron Man for the first time as they team up to capture Loki. while in transit to shield captivity, Thor arrives in dramatic fashion from Asgard to sees his brother from his captors, leading to a huge confrontation. after cap breaks up the scuffle, Thor agrees to accompany them back to the shield Helicarrier. it's revealed that Loki planned to get captured all alone, and he ends up escaping, leaving the Avengers in disarray after he murders Agent Coulson. Loki's plans have just begun as he opens a wormhole over New York City, leading to an all-out invasion by the Chitauri army. in one of the most incredible sequences in comic book movie history, The Avengers come together for the first time. while this epic battle is going on, the world security council orders that a nuclear missile be sent to New York City. Iron Man is able to redirect this nuclear missile into the wormhole, which destroys the Chatard mothership, causing them to shut down. once the whole hilariously subdues Loki, the Avengers gather as Thor textbook. Loki and the tesseract back to Asgard, keeping the momentum going. in this movie's post-credit scene, the mad Titan Thanos is revealed for the first time after he was told about what happened on earth. also, the Avengers gather up for a post battle militia warmer, because, you know, metabolism. alright. so what was your favorite movie in phase 1 of the MCU? I want to make sure everyone is primed and ready for Avengers infinity war, so be sure to tell my notifications on it, and stay tuned tomorrow for the recap of Phase two. also, if you're already caught up on the MCU, be sure to go check out my recent video on the last known location of the Infinity stones, right here. if you enjoyed this video, give it a big thumbs up. share it with your friends, and don't forget to subscribe to more awesome content like this. until next time, nerdy river, we out here. 