hello friends. today we are going to ancient china. the period of this country was tormented by many kingdoms vying for territory and power. but there was a king who had a cruel ambition to become emperor. many other monarchs hired assassins to kill him before he could conquer them all. country after country, his army swept everything. anyone who resisted was killed. the country finally belonged to him. the king named chinchihuan. he took prisoners as slaves to build the great wall. when they die or lose their strength, they will be buried at the foot of the great wall. mystic figures taught him how to control the five elements. his power seems limitless. but like the least of peasants, he could not resist old age. one lifetime is not enough. he needed to defeat his ultimate enemy, the death chin. chihuahuan sent general guo ming to find the rumored, powerful witch, that which is ayun. she is different from the person that guoming imagined. together they reached the western border, where the largest library of antiquity was located. xiuan is definitely there. with the secret to immortality. they find a long-lost prophecy book containing all the secrets of the ancient world and magic beyond imagination. xyuan and guoming fell in love, even though the emperor had told him that tuvine was his. on his return, shin shi huang praised him, promising to give him whatever request zayun wanted. she did not hesitate to ask to live with general guomin for the rest of her life. he agreed. and she began the rite of immortality for the emperor. she recited the mantra in sanskrit, an ancient language that the king could not understand. the ceremony was successful. chinchihuan brought zayuwin to admire this scene. he sent someone to tear general guo ming's body into pieces. now she should follow glo ming to hell. xiuan had long hated this emperor. she cursed the king and his army to turn into terracotta. the emperor will hibernate for a very long time and never come back to light. if the dark day must come, the world will turn into slaves. no one or anything can save them. over many years of history, the tomb of chinchi huang was completely buried underground. zion wanted this secret to be completely gone. but it was discovered by a guy named alex. she designed a lot of traps around the tomb so that no one could get out of here alive. excavation of the tomb will create potential dangers. zion sent his daughter, zillan, here to guard the tomb. she and her daughter are immortal. her daughter has been here to protect the tomb for two thousand years, and today too, zillion again received an uninvited guest. it's alex and drive wilson. people just want to rummage through everything in this place. he was also delighted when he found the statue of emperor chinchihuang as, still as a dried corpse. this is considered a feat, a great invention for alex's research and learning career. the two of them quickly brought this emperor back to the shanghai museum. alex was born into a family of archaeology. his parents are two famous researchers, rick and evelyn. they love each other very much, but both rick and evelyn feel their love for their son, alex, is not enough. they decide to pay more attention to him. the eye of shangri-la was sent by the british government to the couple, rick and evelyn, to be returned to the shanghai museum to show their sincerity to the chinese. it was lost in 1940. after the war, many people want to steal this eye of shangri-la. if it is given to someone weak, it can be lost forever. the couple decided to go to shanghai to carry out this noble mission. by the way, they visit their son, alex and their brother jonathan. the first place the couple came to was the bar of their brother jonathan. together they enjoy the atmosphere of celebrating the lunar new year here. after that, alex personally took his parents to the shanghai museum to hand over the items. a group of people were waiting for them there. the person who will directly receive the eye of shangri-la is alex's teacher, dr wilson. the handover ceremony took place quickly. rick even joked before giving it to him. zelen also brought the emperor's statue here. wherever the emperor goes, there she is. at this moment, the leader appeared. general yang hired dr wilson to do this with enough money to control the entire state department. it contains the elixir of life. he asks evelyn to open it. this will awaken the emperor and his terracotta army. the couple, rick and evelyn, were threatened because they wanted to protect themselves and the enemy. so they gave general yang a chance. only the blood of a pure heart can open the eye of shangri-la. eyes open. they are so beautiful. once someone touches it, the emperor will come back to life to reign. zillin rushed to stop them, but it was too late. after an endless slumber, the emperor had truly come to life with his steed. even shooting him with thousands of bullets won't hurt him. general yang quickly worshipped his master, begging to be followed to serve the emperor. they need to defeat the mummy as soon as possible. the longer the emperor will be stronger. rick and evelyn stole a car to chase he didn't forget to send money and happy new year. jonathan's car is scratched by the emperor's car. they need his help. the couple attacked the emperor with chinese fireworks, but burned his brother, jonathan's butt. the whole city was bewildered to see a mummy running around inside the city. rick controlled an emperor's horse. it lost its head. somehow, zillan and alex managed to climb into the emperor's car. they tried to attack, but failed. he split the rear of the car, causing the two to slide for meters away. all the fireworks on evelyn's car were shot by general duong, causing a huge explosion in the city. for the first time the chinese saw fireworks on the ground. so many people trudged back to jonathan's bar. and the emperor escaped. zillan has the knife that her mother cursed. it was the only thing that could kill the emperor by stabbing him in the heart. if the emperor reaches shangri-la and drinks the water of the lake of immortality, he will raise an army. no one will be safe. they need to follow zillan's orders to go to the lake of eternal life in the himalayas to prevent this walking never rick asked his friend, crazy dog maguire, to take the plane to move quickly. any self-respecting pilot would land in the valley. maguire has no self-respect, so he will land halfway up the mountain. maguire would remind him to fasten his seatbelt, but he was too short on money to buy it. they even brought the cow with them. it was vomiting because of psychological trauma. after the plane landed, after a long journey, they finally reached the shangri-la gate. the emperor asked general yang to pave the way for him to find the way to change lake. show me your power. the two sides fought with sniper rifles. cannons were also brought here. rick asks his brother jonathan to blow up the place before the emperor brings the eye of shangri-la. but he couldn't because the enemy's gun shot to the range. zayun begged for help in a certain language. the giant snowman appeared. they blew away the soldiers and roared and beat general yang won battle. at this time, the emperor officially appeared. he breathed stink that makes the snowman run away, and pushes magic that makes rick collapse. alex tried to stop the upcoming action with the cannon. but unfortunately, the person who saved him from death was his father. the missed cannon caused a severe avalanche. it buries it all underground. but fortunately, everyone survived thanks to the protection from the snowman. there is no other way but to quickly bring alex's father to changshin lake. only zillan's mother could save his life. they need to get there before the emperor finds out. shangri-la is breathtakingly beautiful, pure and peaceful. the water from changxing lake can heal any wound. rick is allowed by zayun to stay to recuperate. it's been a long time since zion's mother and daughter met again. she regretfully thought back in the past when she asked the help of a snowman to take her to changshin lake. she was able to preserve her life. until today, the emperor is not allowed to come to this place. once immortal, he can transform into the most hideous creature. rick finally wakes up. he whispers to alex with literary sentences about father-son relationship. alex was moved. he thanked his father for coming back to life. zion sensed that something bad was about to happen. the immortality of both her and her daughter has come to be traded. the emperor knocked on the door with a fireball. he glanced at zayun and her daughter and quickly immersed himself in the water of immortality. a three-headed dragon reincarnated, forever immortal. its power is endless. the emperor needed zealand's immortality to revive his soldiers. he quickly took zillion back to his tomb. there's no other device faster than an airplane. maguire has once again helped these people fly again. when building the great wall, the emperor buried his enemies there, cursing their souls to be locked up forever. most of them were prisoners. xyuan can call them to fight. open a shrine, raise an army. arriving at the tomb, the emperor urged his soldiers to wake up immediately. now is the time for him to find his own will, strength and power. his steed is also summoned. zion was one step faster. she started to recite the spell. zion sacrificed her immortality and that of her daughter to call back the prisoners, bring the undefeated of the oppressed from the emperor and his minions. i call on hundreds, thousands of people who will rise up to seize this moment to win back, to regain justice and to take revenge. many people have died unjustly in this place. they jumped up to demand justice. the emperor's reign of bows and arrows was no match for these dried mummies. they even carefully reattached their heads and then rose to continue fighting. the emperor realized that the leader was the dead general min it's hard to believe, but it makes sense. rich's team hid in the distance, silently supporting. alex disguised himself as an army to rescue zillan. the two quickly jumped into the battle vehicle. her mother, wanting to get the only knife that could kill the emperor, took her own life to get it. jonathan and maguire dispatched a few more planes here. this caused the emperor to turn into a beast and fight. he hopped on and off a few planes and dropped portly into the tomb. zillan and alex come to the rescue to save his parents. they realized that zaywin was dying over there. this time she really left the world. zion hopes his daughter will live and continue to fight. by stabbing this knife through the emperor's heart. zillan can't hold back her grief. alex and his father will do this for her. a super beautiful grenade was dropped on the head of general yang and his subordinates. the emperor decided to control the five elements to suppress the battle. before he could do anything, his five elements exploded because of a bullet from alex. he even said loudly, i dug you up. now i will bury you alive. the emperor turned into a beast. he was taken by a knife from rick. this knife hurt him a bit, but it was okay because it didn't go to the heart. alex had a bloody nose, and the knife was broken in half. general yang did not die. he and his subordinates also came here to have fun. both were swallowed by the giant cogwheel and died. alex saw that the emperor beat his father so brutally, so he quietly took half a broken knife and dived into the water to save his father. rick rose to his feet, taking the rest of the knife the attacker. this is the end of the movie. see you in the next movie. thank you for watching the movie. 