but full of again, let me start by saying this, movies about birds, Freebirds, blackbirds, Robins, rocking doves, crying, Eagles, flying. actually, it's just sparrows, crows and seagulls, a flock of seagulls. the styles of our movie today, ah Alfred Hitchcock, sick obsession and the flying dinosaur descendants that told me to tell worse than hitch play. our story begins with, hey Steve Craven, Alfred, this is Melanie. she's there to pick up a bird she ordered from this hero Biddy. they can't do her damn job. well, I'm trying to say it, the damn bird ain't damn. so in walks mr. metrosexual, let's just call him Mitch. Mitch, Oh sexual. he is shopping for some lovebirds, two lovebirds, for his sister. and here he goes, insulting this lady, like she ain't got no better life than being a bird tender. bird tender, that's not like something you order from KFC with a side of teh toes. bird tender. the only job worse than being a bird tender would be a library. and then he accuses her being a librarian. and she's like, please, don't look like an old white hair hair pot and dust on these birds. and then she let some psycho bird out of his cage, and Mitch catches it and addresses the bird by her real name. and by her, I mean Melanie. how the hell I'm supposed to know what the birds real name is? I'll speak peep. and then she says, how did you know my name? and he says, a little birdie told me, oh, we really smooth, ain't you? but actually, miss Melanie is a bit of an outlaw, and her done been too cold for busting up somebody. and mr. criminal defense metrosexual enjoys the company of jailbirds. and then he leaves, like, see you in court and she's like, okay, but only if you bring the handcuffs. damn Alfred, you can't get then she gets his tag. no, but the track is down. damn, Melanie, you've been taking creeper tips from old hitch. so she has a good excuse to track the man down. she buys in the birds he wanted for his sister, lovebirds. and look at him, lean like Michael Jackson doing a smooth criminal after some savvy, crafty detective work. that leads it to his empty apartment, then to the bodega bay post office, then to some sick spot named and it with the hots for Mitch. then across a lake in a motorboat. the stalker finds the residence of her stocky just bust up in the house like she owns a whole damn country. let's just be a lesson, don't wear fur. it makes you act like you own the whole damn country. but Mitch ain't even home again. after all that effort I just did, you, the stalker man, it makes himself more readily available. but Mitch sees I'm making her great motorboat escape, and he drives around the water to meet her, just in time to see a bird pecking on her pretty head. so he takes it to the place you always take bleeding people to fix their wounds, a restaurant. and melon is like, I came up here to see my friend. any hot worst? I mean, Hayworth? and Mitch's like, I think you came up here to see me. a melon is like, no. why would I come to see you? we go sexy house opulence up with a biscuit self. and he's like, I don't know. but I'm not the easiest man to stalk him. Ellen's like, oh, it was no trouble. I only had to get your tag number, order two birds, phone-a-friend to get your name and address, go to the address associated with your tag, find out you weren't home, get more information about where you were from your neighbor. drive to bodega bay, harass the postmaster about where you live. go to hotpot in his house to get your little sister's name. rent a boat breaking your house, sneak away on my boat. didn't get picked on the head by that damn bird. she won't ask me out or not, I don't know. meet my momma. psycho Tandy, when you go out with me, it's a package deal, mama included. still want a date. so Melanie rents a room from Auntie hots for night, then goes back to Mitch's house, where she gets the lowdown on Mitch's little sister, Kathy, who serves no purpose in this damn movie, except of being an annoying, yappy brat. he wanted some birds for her birthday. Mitch's daddy, who died to get away from his Birds. crazy wife and psycho Tandy and her hungry birds that won't never bake kibble. when Melanie leaves, Mitch tells our about how his mother know stories about her by how she dives into European fountains in the book. and she look at him like tippet gonna flip him the bird. and she drives off back at in his Melanie and Annie have a little to woman shindig and talk about Mitch's mama and how she gets women. Mitch likes to fly the coop. but then Mitch calls and invites Melanie to Kathy's birthday party, where they all gonna pretend that happy little Kathy survived another year. but the birds ain't about to celebrate another 300 season, five days of Kathy's life, and they take it out on all the party guests, including our little children. hearin a pilot balloons? yeah. take that brat like now in yo face. then that night, the sparrows coming to finish the job. and the next day, Mitch mama goes to see a farmer friend to get the lowdown on the whole down translation. she wants to know what the happy horse was going over these bad at birds. and what does she find? her bird wise buddy done, gone. Stevie Wonder up in there, and her pants go PPP all the way home. back at home, she tells Melanie, look, what didn't damn bird doesn't eat her, my friend, and he was a nice guy. little candies at school, they got beat windows. you know how everybody hates her. so Melanie goes down to the school to pick up Kathy. and yeah, Melanie, how does it feel for you to be stopped and them crows to be like, yeah right. you little emos ran out of here. okay, we're done now. is fun. see, you wouldn't want to be you. back at the restaurant, Melanie has a little colloquy with some locals that turns into a straight-up Agatha Christie inquest I'm saw bird. I saw her too. I see no bird. I am a bird. and this one old lady's like, Bert, saw older than dinosaurs. don't attack people, dumb bits. would you say they don't attack people, then that's a gas leak. and imagine the horror that ensues when this guy right here goes straight up Apollonia. why she run to the phone booth. so Africa freaked out. that with burst line every which way. but Mitch rode to the rescue. and where's that old bit to set burst, don't attack. people? need to throw her out there to get her head picked on. maybe take a cell phone that's net dumped at Andy. are you okay? are you okay? Eddie, he forgot sick. ain't nobody ever told any to get her gun. it is dead, and Kathy is still alive. there is no God. back at the house, Mitch bolts up the joint. mama tells Mitch she wishes he was her husband, as I was so [ __ ] up. and Kathy tells us her tootsie rolls. then, keeping true to the title of the movie, the crib gets butchered by birds, and so does Mitch's hand, and so does Melanie's everything. picture it now for throwing live birds at the woman. he's hot for help a bear eat by this beak. it makes me horny. and look what the damn birds did to the woman. Turner lives the same color as her face. so Mitch loads up the Partridge Family in the car. mama decides she'd like to have Melanie as a daughter, because you don't have enough people giving her attention. and the birds just hang around chillin on the power line, discussing religion and politics in their favorite YouTube channel, MEF. then be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular murder of crows and math. you can expect me to upload more videos when the birds touch, no my car. and what I always got to do it right after I wash it for movies. explain fall. I'm Jeb. bird die. and while you at it, be sure to find me on the Facebook and especially the Twitter. tweet, tweet. tweet, tweet. 