welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond. episode three, our gang's in the middle of the giant zombie infested tire fire, the blaze of gory hope has gone off on a suicide mission to sound the tornado siren and draw the zombies away. this is a silas-centric episode, as we get a bit of his backstory. when he sees a zombie, he imagines it as some guy that i imagine is his father, who it looks like he had to beat to death in self-defense. because of that, he was transferred from the main omaha settlement down to the campus colony. but none of the other kitties there liked him because they thought he was a killer. but to prove them wrong, he's become a nonviolent gentle giant. he won't even kill zombies, which is totally useless in this world. they make it to a safe halfway spot in this office, where the adults, felix and huck, finally caught up to him. it's like, all right, kiddos, let's grab your sister and get out of here. but it's like, hey, she's off on a suicide mission to save all our lives. we have to see it through. hope does manage to sound the tornado siren, drain all the zombies to her and clearing enough of a path for our group to get through. luckily, now they have an adult with them who can actually kill zombies. while they're escaping, silas has a flashback memory to a random poem iris wrote about a tiger. and the rest of the episode has iris voiceover reciting the poem, even though i don't think it has anything to do with anything. tiger, tiger burning bright in the forest of the night. hope manages to escape the back where some zombies get stuck in some muck. and though even though this whole area is apparently a big fire, there's not a fire here. so she decides to light one. but as she's leaving, also more zombies get her, and her sister, iris comes to save her. wait, what's this? is she actually gonna do it? yes, kills her first zombie. now that she's broken the seal, her sister hopes ready to get in on the action. and, oh, she kills her for zombie two. congratulations. you guys have now done the bare minimum to survive. at the exit, the tire stack is falling, and silas has to use his hulk super strength to hold it up so the gang can escape. elton, being the smart one, remembers to go back and grab all of their supplies. except actually, he wasn't thinking about the supplies. he only cared about his mom's manuscript, a super useless relic from 10 years ago. so he's the dumbest of them all. they can't go back the way they came. so felix is like, hey, we'll head up to omaha, catch the next bus for the campus colony. but iris is like, you know, we're on an adventure. we're not going back. and the rest of the gang agrees with her. so these adults realize they're gonna be stuck chaperoning this stupid field trip. right now, for no special reason, hope decides to tell her sister iris the true backstory of how their mom died, how she was shot by a pregnant woman that then hope shot. and turns out it's elton's mom, though they don't know that yet. so anyway, sister's bond. and so our fellowship continues on their misguided adventure. but now, at the end of the episode, more info on the civic republic. this one soldier is like, hey, so why did we slaughter that entire campus colony? elizabeth answers, we were neutralizing a threat. and he's like, wait. how are they a threat though? in response, elizabeth walks around her fancy apartment, turning on all the electrical devices, just deflects, i guess how much electricity she has. she's like, there. did that answer your question? um, no, not at all. so he's taken away to a re-education camp, while she drinks wine and cries. so we've learned nothing new about them, except they have lots of electricity, apparently live in a city and are bad guys. and that's how the walking dead world beyond episode 3 comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 