the story of donnie darko starts on 2nd of october 1988. in a small town in america. here a young boy named donnie darko is shown. he hears a strange and mysterious voice. he goes outside his house, sleep walking, he sees a man in a huge sized rabbit costume. he introduces his name frank. he tells donny that this world will end in 28 days, six hours, 42 minutes and 12 seconds. the next morning, donnie wakes up in a golf playground. he goes to his house and sees that the engine of the plane is crashed. in his room, his elder sister elizabeth tells him that the investigation team far couldn't reach its reality and from where it came. in the next few days, donnie keeps seeing that man, frank, in a rabbit costume. his parents send him to the lady psychiatrist and believe that he has severed ties with reality. the thoughts that come to his mind about frank in daylight are all illusions. these are the symptoms of paranal schizophrenia. it's a mental illness. frank is affected by donny's movements. as donny breaks the water pipe of high school. and because of this, the school is flooded. in the next scene, a character named gretchen is shown. she is a girl. she shifts to donny's town with her mother with a new identity so that she may escape from his cruel stepfather. donnie starts seeing her vision too. on the other hand, the lady psychiatrist was doing the therapy of donnie. she hypnotizes him, but the session ends when he mentions a girl's name. she was a famous actress. later, donnie is shown shooting the bottles in the open ground when his friends are doing other things. his teacher thus compares the process of bursting to a short story destructor and says, that's its effect. that teacher gives a lesson on different behaviors and then calls a motivational speaker to deliver a lesson on attitude. donnie doesn't like that speaker. he rebels against her and goes against her. donny talks to his science teacher at frank's request. he asks him if he believes in time travel. that science teacher gives donny a book named philosophy of time travel. this book was written by school's first science teacher named roberto sparrow. she has become an old woman now she lives outside this town. while watching the football match, donnie notices that a bubbly liquid is coming out of people's chests around him. it shows donnie where these people will head to. then a bubbly liquid comes out of his chest too. donny chases it, and it takes him to the bedroom of his house. he searches for a gun there. then donnie's teacher calls a motivational speaker for delivering a speech in the school assembly, again, where donnie insults her. donny finds motivational speaker's wallet on the road. he gets to know about his address. frank asks him to set his house on fire. donny does the same. when fire brigade comes to put out the fire, they find strange images of children from his house. this shows that he isn't a good person, and he is arrested. donny's teacher goes to los angeles with donny's mother and the dancing group. it means that donny's mother isn't home, whereas his father was out of station for business purposes. he prepares a halloween party with his sister elizabeth in her house. that girl gretchen also comes to the party, who was new in this town. she is so worried and tells that her mother is lost. she meets tony for the first time. when don he remembers that frank predicted about future, that the world will destroy in some time. so he takes this girl and both of his friends with him to find to roberto sparrow, who wrote that book. two boys try to break into roberta sparrow's house here. donnie fights with them. in front of her house, a car coming the kills gretchen, and she dies. this car's driver was elizabeth's friend, who is his sister. his friend's name was frank addison. he had won the rabbit costume. in a few seconds, donnie sees the second frank again. he was standing in the bushes. donny shoots her eye with his gun and take his dead body to the house. when he comes home, he sees a vortex above his house. he comes home and places his dead body in his parents car and takes him to a nearby town. when he reaches there, he sees that plane in which his mother and members of the dancing group was coming back. they get trapped in the vortex. their jet engine got separated too. incidents that occurred in the last 28 days get rewind. as donny wakes up in his room, he remembers that it's the 2nd of october and laughs. then a jet engine falls into his bedroom and kills him. that's how donnie dies. the lives of the people around the town who have been affected by donny wake up from their painful dreams. gretchen has never met tony before, but she comes to his house and she gets to know about his death. donny's mother and his sister see each other and wave at each other. it seemed that they knew each other, but they can't remember where they met each other in the first moment. subscribe to movies inspired for more videos and click the bell icon to encourage us. like and share the video. let us know what you think by commenting. 